It is not clear if any of the suspects, who include former Volkswagen managers and engineers involved in diesel engine development, have accepted the offer.
Yet there are other, more personal passages, like those detailing Mr. Conarro’s arrival in Alaska as a fresh-faced college graduate.
I know how they will throw insults and rock a boat just to watch a person go over the side.
Entry points are the No.
He’s on a gurney, proceeding down a hospital hall.
Last month, Mr. Trump’s administration stepped on a hot-button election issue in South Korea by pushing ahead with the deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, or Thaad.
Where are her parents?” a paramedic screamed.
I was used to benching alone.
Separately, the U.S. may withhold $255 million in aid to Pakistan to punish the government for failing to cooperate on counterterrorism operations.
commissioner, Roger Goodell, will not pull on a chin strap and play defensive end for the Atlanta Falcons.
We should hope that the time doesn’t come when the United States has no alternative other than to challenge North Korea militarily.
Prairie-dog communication is so complex, Slobodchikoff says — so expressive and rich in information — that it constitutes nothing less than language.
More sales for my company would entail factory expansion, a larger work force and greater tax revenues for my city, state and country.
The visit should be an opportunity to discuss the importance of good personal hygiene, including reminders about not sharing water bottles or sports equipment, about cleaning your footwear and changing your socks, and making sure your feet are clean and dry before you put on those socks.
DNAinfo has flourished with its straight coverage of neighborhood news, while Gothamist has blended original reporting, aggregation and blogging and focused on issues that appealed to New York’s liberal-leaning population.
And she began an unusual conversation with him after his statement, asking why she should not sentence him to prison.
He said he’d be so devastated that he would start a new life from scratch.
With a focus on designs from the Wasmuth Portfolio — famous lithographs by Wright published in 1911 by the Berlin firm Ernst Wasmuth — the show also includes examples of his furniture, stained glass and textiles.
There, he turned to Twitter to excoriate Mrs. Clinton and the news media.
It is fitting, then, that this show will take place in Vienna’s Staatsoper, which after World War II was reopened with Beethoven’s “Fidelio,” a tribute to freedom.
Some months after my father began to arrive at dinner on time, he drove me through the neighborhood by his office, a route we had driven many times before.
And if that isn’t enough, we can even text .
He held the floor for 24 hours and 18 minutes to delay and protest the enactment of the Civil Rights Act of 1957, the first voting rights bill to become law since the post-Civil War Reconstruction era.
I made my way to a homestead called Snow Farm, in Newfane, Vt.
But hidden from public view, its upkeep has never been as prominent as cutting a ribbon at a new subway station or unveiling a shiny train car just off the factory floor.
The Democratic Party now has two members of Congress facing detailed, credible accusations of sexual harassment: Al Franken and John Conyers.
“The journals themselves are more unique than any book that I could write,” he said.
Velázquez is represented by a portrait of the archbishop Fernando Valdés from the National Gallery in London, in which the subject is framed by a lush red curtain that symbolizes both his spiritual and temporal power.
It’s an imaginative structure, fun to see and walk around.
The visit highlighted the gulf between the American president, who has styled himself as a foe of globalism, and the German chancellor, a staunch defender of the liberal world order.
Most of the houses are near dorms or fraternity houses, in what Holly Sherman, a founder and the executive director, calls the “war zone of party central.” Still, or perhaps because of this, it is not uncommon to have dozens of people show up for the Saturday night meeting.
Embiid, who sat out two seasons with a broken right foot, is restricted to 28 minutes per game and does not play full sets of back-to-backs.
All of it scheduled around practice and games, of course.
I know of more than 12 people who have received diagnoses from this physician alone.
President Trump vowed on Thursday to overturn a law restricting political speech by tax-exempt churches, a potentially huge victory for the religious right and a gesture to evangelicals, a voting bloc he attracted to his campaign by promising to free up their pulpits.
“We’ve actually been running into people who said, ‘Oh, I’ve been following you’ on Twitter,” Ms. Bosman said.
In disputed elections in 2008, beatings and killing of opposition supporters forced his opponent to withdraw from the race, even after he had outpolled Mr. Mugabe in a presidential vote.
And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a.m. Sundays.
The Obama-Trump shift happened in places that are no doubt economically distressed and when you do focus groups with Obama-Trump voters, the conversation always starts about the economy, jobs leaving, towns and places that are no longer as vibrant as they used to be.
The source of much of the tumult: a local shoemaking company, Wolverine Worldwide, the maker of popular footwear brands like Hush Puppies and Merrell and a mainstay in this area since 1883.
The mayor of Mexico City, Miguel Ángel Mancera, was even more emphatic.
In so doing, the company is positioning Ms. Jenner as a successor to the supermodel Cindy Crawford, who appeared in a famous Pepsi ad in 1992.
Metropolitan Books/Henry Holt & Company.
Criticism of the nuclear deal was a central theme of Mr. Trump’s candidacy for president, and he has repeatedly called for revisiting what he sees as a fatally flawed agreement.
To minimize contact between male and female inmates, the correctional staff tended to let women out of their dormitories for cleaning assignments at odd hours when men were locked in their units.
In modern horses, the Y chromosomes in stallions are almost identical, reflecting the breeding technique of using a single stallion with desired characteristics to father many offspring.
Already, he has shown that flexibility by going back on campaign promises that no one would lose coverage when the Affordable Care Act was replaced and he would not cut Medicaid.
The Trinitarios, the country’s largest Dominican gang, had tried to attack Stiven Siri-Reynoso, a member of the rival Dominicans Don’t Play, that night.
Spies and rivals brought him down, the story goes, and the Chu king exiled him .
Police officers from the 19th Precinct station house, across the street, performed cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
The president largely shelved his belligerent trade rhetoric, called for allies to buy more American military hardware and reopened the door to diplomacy with North Korea.
While its placement is prominent, its perks are protected.
“For Palestinians, Arabs and Muslims, it has the same effect that denial of Jewish claims to Jerusalem has to Jews,” said Barnett R. Rubin, a former senior State Department adviser.
Candi Adams, a spokeswoman for the Public, declined to comment on Sunday night on the uproar or the loss of sponsorships.
superstar LeBron James for leaving the Cleveland Cavaliers, in which Mr. Gilbert has a majority stake.
At times they were exceptionally cruel.
‘‘I think what I bring is a level of understanding of the president’s thought process,’’ he said, ‘‘only because I had the privilege of being next to him for so long.’’ He was doing as many as nine or 10 meetings a day: Chief executives, prominent Republicans, even other lobbying firms wanted his advice.
Nancy’s infirmity is unusual and goes back to when she was a 2-year-old in the Pittsburgh area in the late 1930s.
“I was nicely surprised when I got the call,” said Mr. Brodie-Sangster, now known to millions as Jojen Reed in “ Game of Thrones ” and Newt in “The Maze Runner” films.
But the league has had a harder time explaining why the number of concussions over all has not changed as drastically.
Residents have long objected to the hulking garbage dump and the trash-soaked water that pours into narrow lanes of surrounding neighborhoods when it rains, leaving pools of standing water where mosquitoes breed.
combats disease and health emergencies like the Ebola and Zika outbreaks.
How many variations do you think there are for Michael Flynn?
In an unusual move, the jury had to restart deliberations on Monday after a juror was excused for a long-planned vacation.
The Arizona Christian School Tuition Organization (Acsto) is one of the state’s largest voucher-granting groups.
Sessions told the House Judiciary Committee, adding that he stood by his previous testimony because “I had no recollection of this meeting until I saw these news reports.” Mr.
But in Game 4 they came out hair-afire, piling up ridiculous point totals and playing with abandon.
It was a sign of the tension that already existed between CNN’s Washington bureau and the upstart investigative unit, which were jousting over the various reporting lines of the Trump-Russia story, two people said.
But they really took notice days later when a television reporter arrived to interview a CasaPound supporter — a supporter who happened to belong to one of the area’s most feared crime families — and received a vicious, nationally broadcast head butt that broke his nose.
But they put it behind them quicker than anybody.” That season’s team, like this one, has nine players.
Republican lawmakers who might be considering distancing themselves from their president should consider this: Mr. Trump’s approval-disapproval rating among Republicans is 81 percent to 3 percent.
“I putted great and hit the ball great,” Park said.
The deeper problem here is what happens when there is no style, or rather when the lack of style becomes a style in itself.
How It Works Right after appetizers have been consumed, but main courses have yet to be served, a small swarm of festively clothed dancers perform for 20 minutes.
She does not discuss her films.
In the studio, she worked improvisationally with the performers, and during the shoots would guide them from the floor.
And Danielle Orchard’s two irresistible oils, which deserve a show of their own, remix references from art history with Modernist tricks to get at the hidden-in-plain-sight double consciousness of the female experience.
How did The Wirecutter test the luggage?
Asked to confirm his earlier views, Freeman wrote me that what he predicted has occurred and continues, and perhaps is linked to the penchant for some male workers to be more favorable to right-wing populism than might have been the case.
“They generally are made without the benefit of advice from an as-yet-unformed administration, and cannot bind elected officials who later conclude that a different course is warranted.” But Judge Derrick K. Watson, of the Federal District Court in Hawaii, said he could not dismiss Mr. Trump’s blunt talk.
Mr. Hall will undoubtedly get questions about the C.B.O.’s objectivity and calls for its role to be diminished.
A frequent topic is carding, or the need to prove one’s age to get a discount: “It hardly ever happens,” Mr. Mitchener said.
At first, she brushed it off as the enthusiasm of a hunter in the Texas hill country.
“When you know you know, and don’t believe it any other way,” she said.
There she joined the production’s conductor, Riccardo Muti; the rest of its cast and creative team; festival officials; and a table of leading Austrian industrialists for a late-night supper that began with selfies and dollops of caviar.
It is a touch less than the four-year, $72 million contract the club doled out to Joakim Noah last off-season.
The guest of honor was Charles Loring Brace, a graduate of Yale and founder of the Children’s Aid Society, which worked to assist the thousands of orphaned, abandoned and runaway children who populated the streets of New York City.
These days, a casual fan taking a trip to the record store is an almost laughable idea.
But it is hard to put a trailer with the nuclear football right outside Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue, officials say.
Yet it also calls for the technology to work in concert with the country’s homeland security and surveillance efforts.
The Bucks’ chances at making the postseason were dimming.
Eli was more interested in other details.
Jobs in coal mining and hydraulic fracturing — even shipbuilding — have been siphoned off.
And he liked to make hashish.
Bianca Jagger, Courtney Love and Susan Sarandon were some of the notables who arrived under slate gray skies and the occasional raindrop to take a spot in the front row.
All the while, dozens of N.F.L.
It would be wrong to assume the Revolutionary Guards will be forced entirely from the Iranian economy anytime soon, said Bahman Esghi, the secretary general of the Tehran Chamber of Commerce.
[ New York Times ] • Mayor Bill de Blasio backed a plan to lift the minimum price of a pack of cigarettes to $13.
Speed matters for reading, too.
Ms. Yan, who manages a dating service in Beijing, later said the premium delivery service had been a very “satisfying” experience.
When Muhammad Ali visited Australia in 1979, he specifically went to Gertrude Street in Fitzroy, where the first Indigenous man to win a world boxing title, Lionel Rose, helped set up a gym for young Indigenous people.
6 p.m. [Free] • A performance of the rock opera , “Anna and Vladimir: The Love That Rocked The World,” at Flushing Town Hall in Queens.
Victims who complained to authorities, according to news reports, were “insulted and beaten again.” Young Irish-Catholic men inspired by the Christian Front desecrated nearly every synagogue in Washington Heights.
The parks department first began receiving regular reports of deer in the borough in 2000.
With his comments going viral, Mr. Santana followed up Tuesday night on Facebook.
The unwanted attention is rippling beyond the campus to Pasadena, a suburb with long and deep ties to U.S.C.
During surgery to remove the tumor, she said, she had a stroke, which initially left her unable to speak or walk.
It’s a splendid weekend to stay in the city — we’ll be graced with comfortable highs around the 70s for the next few days, and enough sunshine to hold us over into the first unofficial week of fall.
That’s the problem.’ No, it isn’t,” Mr. Gorka said.
Its name is Hebrew for house of God, and some scholars have identified its location as the place where Jacob, the biblical patriarch, laid his head on a pillow of stones and dreamed of angels ascending and descending a ladder between heaven and earth.
It’s now the voters’ turn to say if this is what they want in their politics.
Prince Akishino would be followed by his son, Prince Hisahito, 10, the younger brother of Princess Mako.
The rumble of police helicopters and armored riot trucks shook President Trump’s suite deep inside the convention center, but his staff found unexpected comfort as they watched on TV as protesters rampaged through the streets of Hamburg.
This question, at least, is headed to mediation with the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
Its founder, Jessica Finch Cosgrave, was a Barnard graduate, suffragist and socialist-leaning firebrand who started the school in 1900.
Word of the protest spread quickly, but supporters of the mosque were also ready to mobilize.
Brahna Alexandra Siegelberg and Richard Henry Kreitner were married July 3 in Brooklyn.
Chobe Game Lodge has a wild kind of glamour.
Travis Kalanick has at times brought Uber, and himself, to the precipice .
Analysts of the conflict said it was premature to assess the outcome of Ms. Park’s removal.
“Liberals say we helped Trump.
The Majority PAC survey, conducted by Expedition Strategies and Normington, Petts and Associates , describes the profound suspicion of Democrats among these voters.
Through June 3 at 175 Mott Street; ateliercourbet.com.
Russia’s opening goal had an ugly finish after two pretty pieces of individual skill once the All-Whites defense needlessly lost the ball.
In this case, it was unclear whether Mr. Trump was hinting at a delicate development before it was fully completed, but aides were sensitive afterward about not disclosing anything prematurely.
SING A FEW BARS Welcome to the Renaissance With poets, painters and bon vivants And merry minstrels Who stroll the streets of London strummin’ their lutes (in puffy pants and pointy leather boots) GOAL “The song says: ‘We’re here.
Noon [$48] • Learn how to tango and put your moves to the test at 20 Jay Street in Dumbo, Brooklyn.
That growing support has left Bonds and Clemens closing in on the 75 percent threshold needed for induction.
You almost don’t realize the network you’ve got.” Women need to take an inventory of their strengths and accomplishments, Ms. Hewlett said, and make sure people know about them.
Visitors can enjoy a bagel breakfast and birthday cake, as well as create a huge birthday card and their own subway-style mosaics.
Huntsman investors would receive 1.2196 shares in the combined company for each Huntsman share they own.
The Republicans are even keeping President Obama’s individual mandate, though in repackaged form.
He had never read Thomas Wolfe — might never have heard of Thomas Wolfe.
The findings came in a report to the Human Rights Council in Geneva that corroborated previously reported accounts by other groups of what they have described as government atrocities in the six-year-old conflict.
But it does not include funding for the wall that President Trump wants to build along the border with Mexico, one of his major campaign promises.
Balance is essential, which translates to a vigorous core-strengthening exercise.
At the Justice Department, career prosecutors and political appointees privately criticized not only Mr. Comey for sending the letter but also Ms. Lynch and Ms. Yates for not stopping him.
Just another foreign territory, and that’s kind of how it goes.”
Is the tap the reason you cast yourself in the dance?
The two mothers, Kathryn and Regina, have also enjoyed a complex and ever-evolving relationship.
Task-negative mode is more colloquially known as daydreaming, and, as Daniel J. Levitin of McGill University has written , it “is responsible for our moments of greatest creativity and insight, when we’re able to solve problems that previously seemed unsolvable.” Whether you decide a Shultz Hour makes sense for you, I’d encourage you not to fool yourself into thinking that you can easily change your habits in little ways here and there.
Ms. Barrett told the senators that she was a faithful Catholic, and that her religious beliefs would not affect her decisions as an appellate judge.
How can we explain to you the experience of having your chest cracked open, or what it feels like when you go through chemotherapy?
The groom, 30, works in New York as the senior director of strategic project management for Relevent Sports, which owns and operates the International Champions Cup, the preseason international soccer competition.
Viewing this version of the briefing should help.
Mr. Trump’s sons have said they will forgo new foreign deals and drop some existing overseas projects, including a stalled development deal in the Republic of Georgia that ignited renewed interest after the election.
I’m trying to look natural and not painted.
He said Mr. Strzok had been reassigned.
Mr. Rosenstein gave minimal notice to Mr. Trump or Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who recused himself from overseeing the Russia investigation in March and was at the White House when Mr. Rosenstein signed the order appointing Mr. Mueller.
“We had no desire to live in Midtown, but we loved that apartment,” Ms. Ahrens said.
When he moved to LA he only had one friend, but despite his anxiety he found a group that understood him.
Handmade, craftsy pieces were all over the runways — and Prada presented homey scarves wrapped snugly around models’ necks.
Have hackers and leakers made secrecy obsolete?
Erik was no Olivier, the teacher says, but in terms of commitment and enthusiasm “he was a star.” He visibly expressed frustrations through his acting, she says, recalling a soliloquy he once recited from “Richard II”: Thoughts tending to ambition, they do plot Unlikely wonders — how these vain weak nails May tear a passage through the flinty ribs Of this hard world, my ragged prison walls, And for they cannot, die in their own pride.
PPG added that the Akzo Nobel representatives said they had no intent or authority to negotiate.
The findings could pressure China’s leaders not just to curb its own pollution, but also to take a more forceful role in international climate change efforts.
But once the British left in 1947, so too did the jobs, forcing people to look elsewhere for work.
He is unlikely to be contained by norms and customs, or even by laws and the Constitution.
The president’s plan to build a border wall was part of a contentious budget fight in Congress this year.
At its most fundamental level, it is led by the manager and his coaches.
It was just an older certification.
“I think they were looking for us to say, ‘It was a great educational tool,’” or that “they handled the issues in a psychologically helpful way,” said Dr. Victor Schwartz, a psychiatrist and the chief medical officer at the JED Foundation.
With a walker, she made her way slowly to the front of the auditorium to address the doctors.
For years, the Chinese government encouraged the global ambitions of corporate giants like Wanda.
All of the slams, except the French Open, now have stadiums with retractable roofs that can be closed in inclement weather.
It feels like a watershed, like something is fundamentally shifting.
The statue was illuminated by spotlights and dozens of American flags encircled it.
It’s a fascinating idea that what we see in a given situation often reveals as much about our own selves — our quirks and prejudices and vanities — as it does about the thing we are looking at.
But it became fascinatingly fruitless television.
Grief and rage flowed through Egypt ’s Christian community on Monday as tear-streaked mourners buried the victims of the coordinated Palm Sunday church bombings that killed 45 people in two cities.
Going to a small college was not an issue.
In the event, nearly two-thirds of these voters broke for Brexit; an emphatic 65 percent of C2 men, and 59 percent of C2 women, did so, compared with 41 percent among the professional middle-classes (men and women together).
I was drifting away from wrestling.
“I don’t think lowering the top rate is a good idea,” Ms. Collins said, explaining that she preferred the House version that did not lower the top tax rate.
He eventually moved to America in 1940, where he took up work as an entomologist at the Museum of Comparative Zoology at Harvard, among other jobs.
The tower’s name can be translated as “freedom.” Other social media users shared images of Iranian and American wrestlers clasped in embrace, and of protesters who have thronged airports to welcome citizens of Iran and the other six countries — Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen — who had managed to enter the United States.
Talia Weisberg and Evan Bradley Crane are to be married Aug. 20 in New Rochelle, N.Y.
He was approved by the Federal Election Commission in June of that year.
Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and the chief of staff of the country’s armed forces toured the headquarters of the operations command responsible for the offensive, just outside Mosul, on Tuesday to “review the progress of security forces,” according to a statement.
Nor, it added, was there any question that “Scarpa’s information eventually provided substantial assistance in locating the cache of explosives components hidden in Nichols’s former home.” And yet, the court ruled, the government has the right to decide not to reduce a defendant’s sentence, as long as the decision is rational and not motivated by race or religion.
He would not say whether he had plans to change any part of the coaching staff.
Two powerful industries, plastic and iron, are locked in a lobbying war over the estimated $300 billion that local governments will spend on water and sewer pipes over the next decade.
“Even like your second basemen, guys that traditionally might just be handling the bat, now they’re letting it eat, letting it go.
“When people ask me about my diet, it’s hard to explain because I’ll literally eat everything,” he said.
Instead, while President Trump has been feting every Theresa, Justin and Abdel Fattah at the White House or at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida, including a high-profile dinner with President Xi Jinping of China, Mr. Putin has had to content himself with three measly telephone calls since the inauguration.
Western arrangements prioritize full-frontal blooms, ripe and bold and staring straight at the viewer.
Ms. McCaskill said there would be “howls from the Republican side of the aisle” if a Democrat had spoken about intelligence officials as Mr. Trump has.
One of the biggest bank robberies of all time has shown what could be the next front in cyberwarfare .
Once I could see what I already had, and what actually mattered, I was left with a feeling that was somewhere between sickened and humbled.
“So ‘working together’ could also be dumped whenever it suits.”
And some in the White House had long believed that Mr. Short was the source of unflattering leaks about the president and the inner workings of the West Wing.
“It’s affecting us as well.” The Aisne — poor, rural and isolated — was one of only two departments out of 101 that voted for Ms.
Unlike in the Watergate case, there is no evidence that the president ordered witnesses to lie, destroyed evidence or tried to block F.B.I.
Medieval and Renaissance sculptors carved gorgeous statues and religious icons from alabaster, a soft, creamy white stone similar to marble.
To the Editor: Re “ Silicon Valley Can’t Destroy Democracy Without Our Help ,” by Emily Parker (Op-Ed, Nov. 3): Social media may not create our bad habits, but it feeds them, and for one reason alone: money.
Mr. Cantwell posted a video on Aug. 12 in which he choked back tears and was widely mocked by his critics for appearing scared of being arrested.
Whether you side with the conservative funder David H. Koch or his liberal opposite George Soros, both, he asserts, are giving to tax-exempt entities that he calls “de facto partisan attack dogs.” “The rich are very different from us in their views of policy,” Mr. Callahan said.
I can carry one.” But Weiner seems undecided whether to present this as a sympathetic trait (it’s part of what draws Bobby, the Worker, to her) or an obnoxious one (which is how it actually reads), and so in between assuring us of the girl’s miraculous radiance, he sends out what appear to be winking invitations to laugh at her.
The president seemed to be gambling that the same style that put his domestic opponents on the defensive could work on the diplomatic front as well.
The Columbia philosopher Sidney Morgenbesser, when asked if he accepted the view that something could be p and not p at the same time, answered, “I do and I don’t.” I used to think he was kidding.
When a garden in the prison yard blooms, Alyokhina sees that its flowers have been planted to spell out the acronym for “disciplinary block.” The Russian prison system is appalling but also absurd, filled with actors who are easily thrown off script.
Their coach, Morgan Wootten, was building a résumé that would get him elected to the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame.
Mr. Shahak grew up in Borough Park, Brooklyn.
Workers might end up with less generous health plans, but they’d be paying proportionately less in overall taxes.
As the sun sets each evening on the Allegheny River, Pittsburgh’s Rachel Carson Bridge lights up with 27,000 multi-colored bulbs.
The governor had refused to grant a pay raise to state legislators in December unless they convened a special session to pass a potpourri of last-minute measures; Senate Republicans then scrapped the deal the night before Christmas Eve.
The judge in Mr. Warsame’s case, Michael J. Davis, said he remained unpersuaded that the defendant had abandoned jihadist aspirations.
_____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers.
As always, my thanks to Will and Joel for their help.
“It’s not as if everyone in the U.S. would suddenly want to come to Canada,” she said.
As I step down as editor of Education Life after almost 20 years, two-thirds of its life span, I’ve been reflecting on the evolution of higher education (our longstanding focus), or its lack thereof.
Ms. Richards said no one from the White House approached her directly with the proposal, and there was never any serious debate about whether to accept it.
JON CARAMANICA GZA: ‘LIQUID SWORDS: THE SINGLES COLLECTION’ Geffen/UMe; four 7” singles, regular edition $69.98 The most ornamented of any of the Wu-Tang Clan’s solo albums, GZA’s “Liquid Swords” is a fully realized universe of kung fu imagery, street-corner mythology and serrate rhymes.
The bill, which House leaders unveiled on Thursday after weeks of back-room negotiations that only Republicans were privy to, contained multibillion-dollar gifts for corporations, Wall Street titans and rich families.
But many that might have the broadest impact are likely to wither on the vine, such as same-day voter registration, early voting and changes in the state’s bail system, its speedy trial policies and its practice of recording interrogations.
You’re under oath!” “You’re the owner of the company,” someone else chimes in.
Instead, Mr. Trump criticized the other leaders for not contributing 2 percent of their countries’ gross domestic product to their defense, as they have agreed to do but have often fallen short of.
True to its Turin source, Chess Club shows off the sultrier, more decorative side to Hickman’s aesthetic.
“You feel the age and the injuries, and you realize the importance of character,” she said in a recent interview.
Mikey, one of the Hammerheads’ stars, is among the three principal subjects of “Swim Team,” a documentary by Lara Stolman.
Watch them embark on reckless, exhilarating endeavors in world-class cars.
The injury occurred in the fourth, when Cesar Hernandez ran into Duda’s arm as Duda reached for an errant throw from Gsellman.
“Generally, they don’t break the law,” said Gabriel Ets-Hokin, a Bay Area-based motorcycle journalist.
As we left the academy class, one of the managers pointed out a pile of bricks displayed on a cabinet in the back of the store, painted with the yellow Walmart sunshine logo.
Mattel, the maker of Barbie and Hot Wheels, went as far as to poach a Google executive to be its C.E.O.
“If you need specialized medical care, if you have a chronic condition that needs ongoing medical attention, you are probably not going to be able get those services onboard a ship,” said Sally Hurme, a lawyer and the author of “Get the Most Out of Retirement,” jointly published this year by AARP and the American Bar Association.
Why do think the framers chose to shield journalism — as President Kennedy once said , “the only business in America specifically protected by the Constitution”?
We saw Donald Trump’s true colors on Saturday, when he was given the chance — a ready-made moment for presidential grace — to denounce the neo-Nazis in Charlottesville, Va., and instead found wrongdoing “on many sides.” That was Trump minus the pressure and the planning.
Back in high school, I came across the 1943 movie “I Walked With a Zombie,” and was floored by how this suspense movie dealt with repression, fear and racism.
Improved economies across the Continent, the miserable performance of populists in the Netherlands , and the humiliation suffered by the “hard Brexiteer” Theresa May in this month’s general election in Britain have made many Europeans hopeful that the European Union has received a second chance, and that it is going to make the most of it.
Not to shame them, but to understand the intention & motive behind their decision to turn a blind eye to his horrific actions.
But first it may be helpful to offer a framework for how articles like these come together.
“I’ve never known this country to be so” — he paused before saying the word — “ racist as it is at this moment,” he said.
“If I wanted to get out of this game, that would be one thing,” he said that day, adding, “But for somebody to take it away from me like this doesn’t feel right.” And, he told The St. Paul Pioneer Press, “I’m looking forward to being booed again.” He never umpired again, but he would eventually walk with only a cane.
Party leaders are continually weighing the implications of health care for next year’s midterm elections.
The once wood-paneled walls had been stripped down to the brick and, in some places, exposed to the elements as a cold wind blew through.
The only reason he’s not a member of the Hollywood elite is because nobody will hire him to be one.
Comparing the growth of other kinds of nonprofits, the researchers believe they were able to identify the causal effect of these community groups: Every 10 additional organizations in a city with 100,000 residents, they estimate, led to a 9 percent drop in the murder rate and a 6 percent drop in violent crime.
That’s when his modest shack becomes a gold mine.
“why do all of bruni’s recent column titles read like a terrible adult video library” @jack_hamilton tweeted , with a screenshot of Frank Bruni’s recent columns with headlines such as “Too Many Wonderful Women to Count,” “Jared Kushner, the Prince of Having It Both Ways,” and “Donald Trump’s Dominatrix.” Rather than ignore the critique, @FrankBruni engaged : “Damn, you got me.
Companies compete for workers by raising wages, workers want to spend the money and businesses respond to the demand for their products by raising prices.
On Monday, Moelis outpaced expectations by two-fifths.
The rich got richer in a Week 8 when the top teams like Philadelphia and New England continued to roll, and there were no meaningful upsets.
“It’s something we’ll observe as California goes through its experience.” California’s latest experiment with batteries is but the latest bout in the state’s long struggle to match its energy needs with its environmental sensibilities.
But when it started happening in earnest, we didn’t want to lean into this .
This is its second appearance in The Times.
Bolstered by her and the ostomy nurse, I seek, like the protagonist of “The Donor,” to keep hold of my heart.
This reminds me of one of my New York Times puzzles from a year ago, when I clued INNER CHILD as “Psychoanalytic entity” and it got changed by Will and Joel to “What might make an adult jump in a pile of leaves.” Wow.
Four years ago, your message was ending the “Tale of two cities.” Now your slogan is “This is your city.” Whose city are you talking about?
Neither challenger criticized the mayor on his handling of the attack; each started by praising the Police Department and the resolve of the people of the city.
“We needed to do our own things in order to come to this space of comfort,” Ms. Lynne said.
This is especially true for Houston.” So far, Harvey has submerged an area greater than 15 times the size of Manhattan.
Mr. Trump does seem to have been convinced of the importance of Iraq’s role in the fight against Islamic extremism, and the latest version of his immigration ban includes six predominantly Muslim countries , leaving Iraq off the list.
The Federal Reserve raised interest rates this month and signaled two more rate increases later this year, indicating that the central bank is also in the faster-growth-around-the-corner camp.
“But it was hard to eat.” Any central Manhattan neighborhood was fine, so long as it was close enough to his Midtown office to walk or ride a CitiBike there.
Navigating it all with a slick, lithe voice, Ozuna might be the most versatile young talent in pop since Drake.
By some measures , Italy is the second-worst state in the European Union for the enslavement of people, behind Poland.
“Now, it’s fine to get into a reasonable discussion about the pros and cons of lectins without throwing F-bombs,” Dr. Gundry wrote.
You just can’t be cutting off coverage for people.” Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, can afford to lose only two Republican senators as he struggles to get 50 votes for a health care bill whose deadline keeps slipping.
Lannett’s stock was up 7.6 percent over the past week and 15 percent this year to date.
I realized that he was not aware of the cultural revival that has been taking place in East Jerusalem.
Housatonic Valley Regional High School in Falls Village, with 421 students from six towns, including Salisbury, had average SAT scores of 537 in English and 503 in math in 2016, compared with the statewide averages of 520 in English and and 502 in math.
Because the project required approvals from the city and the California Coastal Commission, as well as structural changes, it took about four years and $900,000 to complete.
At one point, the prosecutor’s office sent a letter to Mr. Watson’s lawyer stating that all charges against Mr. Watson had been dropped.
In the Keys to the north, water levels toppled over the banks of canals.
For years, buybacks attracted older gun owners turning over defunct weapons, not the people or guns typically involved in crimes, said Dr. Garen Wintemute , director of the violence prevention research program and a professor of medicine at the University of California, Davis.
Do you know an ordinary Yemeni from someone from ISIS?
KUB was at first focused solely on townhouse development in Brooklyn.
Shortly after she revealed this, the conversation came to an abrupt end.
This threat was cited by President Trump during a speech in August where, in laying out his strategy for the war, he asserted that “a hasty withdrawal would create a vacuum which terrorists, including ISIS and Al Qaeda, would fill, just as happened before Sept. 11.” It was also echoed in numerous National Security Council meetings I attended during the Obama administration.
But it was often hard for him to tell which candidate stood where on the transgender issue because both sides seemed to be speaking in code.
Most were in Minas Gerais, a rural state.
But I think this is more of a celebration.” Though hockey players’ brains have not been studied as much as football players’, several hockey players have been found to have had C.T.E.
But despite rumblings of interest, the bidding process for Time Inc. dragged on without an agreement.
Eight minutes later, with apparently no officers yet on scene, Ms. Damond called again to reiterate her concern for the woman, asking whether the police had the wrong address.
When he first went into space, in 1966, he was the youngest American to do so, not the youngest man.
It deserved the record price,” Mr. McNerney added.
There’s just no way.’” He was convicted and sentenced to more than six years in prison .
His public debut was awkward: A hacker released two self-portraits that showed Mr. Bush in the bathtub and the shower.
Ohad Naharin, who has led the Batsheva Dance Company in Tel Aviv since 1990 and has established the troupe as one of the world’s great dance ensembles, will step down as its artistic director in September 2018, the company announced late last week.
The two researchers tracked it down after noticing a cryptic reference to its title in a 1901 letter.
Lenin’s sojourn in Zurich remains the stuff of popular imagination; both Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn (in a book called, simply, “Lenin in Zurich”) and Tom Stoppard (in his play “Travesties”) depicted Lenin in Zurich plotting revolution.
We think the best solution is for Turkey to restart peace talks with Kurdish groups there and to accept that a stable neighbor to the south would be better than one dominated by sectarian chaos.
He did not respond to questions about why he thought it necessary for both Mr. Kushner and Mr. Manafort to attend.
Kellyanne says that they’re not shoes, they’re alternative socks.” — JIMMY FALLON Conan O’Brien went to Mexico last month to tape a segment in his continuing “Conan Without Borders” series.
“The Confederates, in my opinion, were traitors.
or Major League Baseball, according to David M. Carter, who directs the Sports Business Institute at the University of Southern California.
If President Trump signs the bill, and the White House had said he would , the experiment would take a hit.
“Canadians really do identify themselves a great deal through comedy,” said Cory Gibson, the field producer of “This Hour Has 22 Minutes,” a long-running Canadian satirical news show.
People don’t even realize that because all their water’s dead, so they never see it turn green.” Mr. Singh believes that public water has been poisoned.
Does that give you more freedom?
“It’s really easy to get unhelpfully abstract.” In short, he was spending too much time in the wrong death space.
• Patty Chang’s multidisciplinary installation at the Queens Museum , “The Wandering Lake 2009-2017,” concerns gender fluidity, internet surfing, climate change and migration.
Pittsburgh’s eating and drinking habits, by reputation at least, aren’t always the most salubrious.
Tanglewood, bso.org June 17 to Aug. 30 Every summer, the Boston Symphony Orchestra performs a series of summer concerts in the Berkshire mountains of western Massachusetts.
True, the government has complied with Judge Robart’s order for the time being.
On Thursday in Ridgewood, Queens, Firefighter William Tolley, 42, was lifted to the roof of a five-story building in a tower ladder to ventilate the roof and allow smoke and hot gases to escape.
Five years of compromising with Ms. Merkel have hurt the party’s standing with blue collar voters , and the party had planned to remain in opposition after elections in September.
The logic behind the Tunnel Club, what makes it valuable, is that it heightens the experience of going to see a soccer game.
Dropbox did an entire wacky redesign , which look as if Andy Warhol were alive and became chief design officer for a tech company.
I still haven’t forgiven a probiotic yogurt drink that set my stomach on fire in the first days after diagnosis.
She said the bloc should consider supporting countries like Ethiopia “to set up humane possibilities for giving people shelter,” so that those fleeing countries like Eritrea, Somalia and Sudan did not make their way farther north, or onward to Europe.
However, the experience of the past few months has shown that the Republicans are not the slightest bit interested in achieving Mr. Vance’s goal.
That’s followed by a catalog of all the many ways in which the American president sought to appease the Russian dictator.
Those in the industry now hope that the president has not forgotten.
Completed in 1991, the main building is known in Korean as Cheong Wa Dae, or “pavilion of blue tiles,” after its iconic roof.
The administration is currently considering measures to help protect American producers of steel and aluminum , and researching another plan to protect American intellectual property from Chinese incursions .
And it has negotiated a deal to buy Russian S-400 surface-to-air missiles .
“We are going to issue a public censure, but above all that the Virgen de la Asunción home, in compliance with the judicial order from several months ago, will be closed,” Mrs. Morales said.
Revis’s second stint with the Jets will end March 9, the first day of the league year, when they officially cut him to avoid paying $2 million owed to him the following day if he is on the roster.
Well, when I saw him do Lypsinka, it was like I had seen the face of God.
• U.S. markets are closed.
The precise number of Islamic State fighters in Mosul is not clear, though some military officials estimated there were 4,000 to 6,000 militants there.
As soon as word about the concert got out, though, the mullahs denounced it and the authorities canceled it.
But he said the original bill would have “drastically” reduced the number of Uber drivers in Brazil, currently 500,000.
But then I’m a parent — and, somewhere deep beneath that, a human.
“I thought what a great adventure and opportunity to be with the one I love.” The couple soon married, in 2002.
Bickell and Harding texted and spoke by phone but did not meet until Tuesday night, when Harding, in a ball cap with his sleeping 4-year-old daughter in his arms, waited for Bickell in the hallway outside the dressing room.
You also want to make sure you have records of who promised what and when, so no one can pretend those conversations never happened.
And Egypt’s prisons, which Mr. Sisi has kept full of anyone who opposes his rule, have become fertile recruiting grounds for jihadist groups.
We grabbed a lunch of fish and rice at a beachside shack called Rancho del Cordon that’s run by Rafaela Picado, whom everyone calls La Payita.
She is giving him a knowing little smile.
The penguins (from a Pittsburgh zoo and aquarium) took to the ice during the pregame festivities for the outdoor Stadium Series.
And Mr. Levin examines a less than celebrated part of Canada’s immigration policy: the treatment of temporary migrant farm workers.
“There’s one that came out of Pew in 2008 that showed 14 percent of people who voted were noncitizens,” Mr. Spicer said.
Our guide to dance performances.
The latest violence in Myanmar began last month when Rohingya militants attacked Myanmar military positions.
But to do so, you first have to be able to reach us.
“I say forget the Mueller investigation, bring on the molar investigation.
had produced millions of small cars equipped with faulty ignitions responsible for 124 deaths .
In a world running on ignorance, he’s well read, thoughtful and informed on any number of topics.
Asked about Adams’s comments in a brief interview with reporters afterward, Goodell tried to play them down.
Our correspondents looked at how Facebook, which is used by more than two billion people each month, tries to win over wary regulators .
In addition to his wife, Mr. Bartlett is survived by his daughter, Helen Bartlett; his sons Robert and Peter; and six grandchildren.
When protests grew out of control in Hamburg, it was a double disaster, wrote Heribert Prantl in the Süddeutsche Zeitung newspaper.
But they were not sure that it fit instructions in Ms. Rosa’s letter that she preferred for her cremated remains to be above ground.
The groom, 32, is a local government reporter for Newsday in Melville, N.Y.
Mr. Trump went ahead with the proposal even though his daughter Ivanka is a longtime supporter of the arts , and Karen Pence, the wife of Vice President Mike Pence, has been a staunch advocate for art therapy for years , being a painter herself.
The Mexican government, conservationists say, also needs to crack down on illegal fishing, while providing sustainable alternatives for the community.
Mr. Bentley was on the verge of being forced from office last month when he resigned .
And as the well-proportioned gird themselves for the hassles of holiday travel, plus-size travelers like me prepare for a plus-sized ordeal.” Seven years later, it appears that Mr. Goldstone has a fresh “plus-sized ordeal” to contend with.
His financial disclosure form offered more detail, including a list of assets that had been held by each of the partnerships that he retained.
A group of eight governors, led by John R. Kasich of Ohio, a Republican, and John W. Hickenlooper of Colorado, a Democrat, has suggested a package of quick fixes, including federal funds for reinsurance programs.
China released plans on Tuesday to start a giant market to trade credits for the right to emit planet-warming greenhouse gases.
He detects less political restlessness among the new generation of students, who are impressed by the new consumer-driven economy.
Cities, he said, must increasingly “replace Washington and, in some cases, state governments, to provide services.” “It’s really efficiency in government, how you marshal resources and how you deal with the public, explain to them, bring them along,” Mr. Bloomberg said, describing the focus of the American Cities Initiative.
Mr. Nunes told reporters he was canceling plans for an open hearing with James R. Clapper Jr., the former director of national intelligence; John O. Brennan, the former C.I.A.
A ragtag pack of superheroes returns to protect the Skylands universe in Season 2.
His stumbles have spurred calls for his resignation from some shareholders .
The two-story building, one of Johnson’s earliest New York commissions, was built for Blanchette Ferry Hooker Rockefeller between 1949 and 1950, and was intended as both a showcase for her modern art collection and a space for entertaining.
She blames the tank top she’s wearing beneath her sweater.
He had writing credits on numerous television shows, many of them based on characters he had helped create.
Mr. Sakiagak turned to digging out the igloo’s interior, leaving a platform at the original level of the surface while excavating the rest.
“My biggest fear is not being something,” he said.
At the end of this banner stock market year, you can bet that major business publications will be naming their investor of the year.
This was a very small, short-term study, though.
Based on what we see now, you’d have to say the answer is no.” Chief business officers on campuses agree with him.
A House leadership official confirmed the spending totals on Friday night, reflecting an increase in aid from a $12 billion package that just hours earlier the White House had said it would seek.
Or if you prefer another podcast player, you can find “The Daily” there.
The authorities discovered 148 “illegal and fraudulent accounts” from the bank, involving more than 10,000 people, the Xinhua report said.
She had a chance to shower at a neighbor’s boathouse, but was shaken up about the ordeal.
The agreement, involving the sale of a 2.76 percent stake to American, and the broader cooperation are subject to regulatory approvals, China Southern said in a stock exchange filing in Hong Kong, near the carrier’s base in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou.
“The one thing that was extremely unique and kind of hard to understand right away is how loose it is here,” Brown said, recalling his early days with the organization.
Coaches told us to figure it out.
“We are exhausted by the forces that try to crush us, but we push through.
The climb was far from smooth.
A spokesman for Elliott declined to comment beyond the public materials.
But in the final weeks before the vote, two national mysteries have roiled the race.
Four British guys with a hot tech product find themselves in the big time and struggle to hold their own against high-rolling sharks while fumbling their personal lives — yeah, there are similarities.
Essentially, it is a preparation.
So far, Trappist-1 is the only musically enchanting planetary system in the galaxy.
Nevertheless, she seemed to choose her words carefully as she spoke about the campaign.
Vesey scored by jumping on a Brady Skjei rebound and diving to backhand the puck in.
The ranchers consider putting their horses to pasture in the woods the most efficient way to manage the undergrowth in a region that is otherwise prone to wildfires.
Giger for the “Aliens” films.
In communities like the Love Canal neighborhood in Niagara Falls, N.Y., and Times Beach, Mo., the Justice Department sued polluters to force them to pay the cost of relocating residents.
What would you like to see here?
In my view, Germany seemed vulnerable to right-wing nationalism in the form of the Alternative für Deutschland only after Merkel’s extraordinary decision to take in a million refugees, but as that fades into the background, so has the AfD.
A guy in a bodega was like, Fenty, head to toe.
At first McGruff advocated for small crime-fighting measures, like forming neighborhood watch groups, locking doors and leaving lights on to dissuade burglars.
Con: Hearing him yell ‘Bingo!’ every time someone said, ‘G-20.’” — JIMMY FALLON “Pro: He’s doing his best.
And on Tuesday night, Dinnah was tossed with macaroni and cheese.
He also frequents longtime neighborhood joints; Japonica, Bar Pitti and Otto are a few of his favorites.
Then, two years later, though safe from the shelling and the Syrian civil war, her son Hisham, who was 5, began to rapidly lose weight.
Pierce Brosnan trades his Irish accent for a Texas one to play a vicious rancher with a nose for oil in “The Son.” And “Kubo and the Two Strings,” a splendidly animated Oscar-nominated family diversion, arrives on Netflix.
Among the unusual considerations were how much to include scandals, including those related to Mr. Trump’s three marriages.
Mr. Strzok described himself in one text as a “conservative Dem.” In another, he said: “I am worried about what Trump is encouraging in our behavior.
One solution is the federal free meal program.
After the game, Walker was incredulous.
What right did it have to do it at all?
Her ruling sets the stage for a potential penalty for Texas that could have a long-lasting impact.
One of the lawyers who filed the suit, Martin R. Stolar, and one of the plaintiffs, Joe Sucher, have toured the exhibition.
And in deep-red Louisiana, voters elected a Democratic governor, John Bel Edwards, in 2015, to succeed the unpopular Bobby Jindal, who pursued a hard-line agenda and briefly ran for president.
Every time President Trump revamps his campaign promise to build that “tall, powerful, beautiful” wall along the Mexican border he sounds increasingly like a developer ruminating over the blueprints for mythic Xanadu.
The party’s presidential candidates between 1952 and 1980 didn’t engender the same level of loyalty from Democrats, largely because of regional differences in rates of support.
He told his brother that the ruling was out of their control and that if he continued to play great golf, he would be rewarded.
This is about democracy and fascism, war and peace, life and death.
In the midst of the disaster, the trauma center even took in a burn victim and a pedestrian hit by a motor vehicle.
_____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern and updated all morning .
That’s a whole lot of winning — for Russia and China.
And in “Scandal” (1989), he played an affable go-between who paired pretty girls with powerful men in a true-story, tabloid-fodder episode known as the Profumo affair, which ended the career of Britain’s secretary of state for war, John Profumo, and tainted the conservative government of Prime Minister Harold Macmillan.
“Unfortunately, if you pay a cash rate, you may not be able to use that against the deductible.” On top of that, negotiating with your insurance provider can be complicated even in the best case, so get creative.
After using a series of techniques to identify and tag officials, Uber would turn to the Greyball tool to show a false version of its app to officers who tried to hail an Uber car using their smartphones.
But it was different and difficult for me to take those things that I wrote down for myself and offer it to the world.
(Thursday): Moxy Times Square Hotel, 485 Seventh Avenue (36th Street), 212-268-1888, legaseany.com .
The rest included speaking fees and income earned for doing consulting work and sitting on corporate boards, such as that of Adobe Systems, which paid him $125,250.
Tencent’s WeChat offered speedier in-app articles before Facebook, created a walkie-talkie function before WhatsApp, and made use of QR codes as a way to connect on a social network long before Snapchat.
The White House is particularly eager to show progress on the trade agenda — one of President Trump’s signature campaign issues — given the failure of Congress to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act and the uncertainty about tax reform.
“It’s so ‘Austin Powers,’” she said of that track, adding that the work “also nods to Stravinsky, Prokofiev, Ravel, Debussy, Rodrigo.
He was of steady temper, though he could be pushed too far.
So I just have to get comfortable with hitting the driver a lot more.” Don’t count on Curry even winning his opening threesome.
a significant number of lower-caste votes.
“A president with unprecedented ignorance of, and contempt for, fundamental constitutional values has gotten the opportunity to fill Justice Scalia’s seat with a nominee who is likely to have a 30-year career of moving the court to the right,” Professor Karlan said.
“They feel frustrated that they can’t solve the problems in their life,” said Pi Yijun, a criminology professor at China University of Political Science and Law in Beijing.
director, referring to President Trump’s suggestion that he may have recorded their conversations.
Several well-known black politicians ran and split the vote, allowing Lyda Krewson, an alderwoman who is white and who got the endorsement of the current mayor, Francis Slay, to defeat her closest competitor, Tishaura Jones, but only by about 800 votes.
This documentary follows what happened when the band Laibach received an invitation to perform there.
Sometimes all of this can be found in one eclectic presentation.
The government has shortchanged the hospitals of the funding they are supposed to receive.
And the girl — she is all of 5 feet 2 — turned in a very smooth job of acting, too.” From then on, Ms. Peters was in great demand, both at the Met, where she sang her planned Queen of the Night on Jan. 12, 1951, and around the world.
has already begun mapping a test site in Manhattan, according to the governor’s office.
Tennessee, home of the Scopes trial, passed a comparable law in 2012 .
“You have to shop around,” he said.
The .500 record is a fitting symbol for the seeming ambivalence of Americans.
LAWRENCE E. RAFFALOVICH ALBANY The writer is associate professor emeritus of sociology at the University at Albany, SUNY.
The health effects of the ultrafine particles are still being studied and the full effects are only beginning to be understood, said Majid Ezzati, a global environmental health professor at the Imperial College, London.
That realization led to the creation of “Come Jump With Me,” a powerful duet with Olivia Court Mesa, a South American immigrant to Israel, in which the two analyze their relationship with the country through confessional dialogue, a trove of props and some champion jump-roping.
Nevertheless, the obstacles to unseating Mr. Putin are formidable; indeed, a previous trumped-up conviction may make it difficult for Mr. Navalny to run for office.
It could easily be a memorial service.
This is hardly the brief of most Western sweets, which tend to prioritize indulgence and seduction.
Her mother is an editor and database developer for the Company of Books, which works with writers and publishers to develop book projects, in New Fairfield.
It’s hard to look with fresh eyes at the most loutish artist of the 19th century, whose lush, hypersaturated paintings of Tahiti and the Marquesas Islands reflect not just gross personal conduct but imperial inequities, too.
“We will do our best to ensure an utterly fair and appropriate trial.” Ms. Park has been accused of conspiring with a longtime friend and confidante, Choi Soon-sil, to extort $69 million from South Korean businesses .
Plus, large bone-in shanks make for a dramatic Flintstones-style presentation at the table.
They fell into a pattern of meeting once or twice a year, she said.
He ruined his civil partnership ceremony.
But he is best known as the Executioner.
Mr. Stevens complained about the “piling-on effect” of the bill’s provisions on homeownership incentives, and said the bill is “moving really fast” through the House.
Samantha Cara Manfer and Michael Robert Dubeck are to be married Jan. 15 at the Resort at Pelican Hill in Newport Beach, Calif. Bishop Brian Delvaux of Good Shepherd American Catholic Church in Lakewood, Calif., is to perform the ceremony.
Some of these updates came out of conversations that began months ago with several publishers that routinely published racier content, including The Daily Mail and Cosmopolitan, as well as news services that published controversial images.
Google found the accounts through its own research and information provided by other technology companies.
Ms. Ramsey-Levi had been creative director of women’s ready-to-wear at Louis Vuitton, a brand that, like Givenchy, is owned by LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton.
It’s one of those spots that’s only open from, like, 7 a.m. to 2 p.m.
A subscription costs $12 a year, and he is aiming to sign up 6,000 subscribers.
After one ugly loss or another in which their defense puts up little resistance, the Knicks begin to ring an alarm and challenge themselves to do better.
The federal government, even during the Obama administration, has never been a fount of evidence-based marijuana policy.
Others said they have experienced improvements in creativity, diet, sleep and sex.
Within, a darkened antechamber has a backstage vibe.
If you’re reading this from your phone, tap this link to play the latest episode and learn more about the app.
He is played by Gary Oldman, clearly way too enthusiastic about this gig.
The simple answer is nothing.” The most recent filings showed that 95 donors gave Mr. Massey the maximum allowable contribution of $4,950, amounting to more than half his total for the two-month filing period.
They barely hit, but all looked well with their ace.
Because when you first start this, you are both interacting because you are interested in getting married.” “There is no noise here,” he said.
“I’ve always felt like a victim, as much or more than Roberto,” he told The Los Angeles Times in 1989.
That might happen in the same way that Mr. Trump might perhaps renounce shiny ties and golf in favor of tie-dye and Zen meditation.
Alaska Airlines and Lufthansa provide electronic tags for luggage and American Airlines has an online baggage-tracker page .
For-profit armies will compromise civilian control.
Also central to the effort, officials said, are legal changes that would strip away the rights of illegal immigrants to claim asylum or make another case to stay in the United States, allowing federal officials to more quickly deport them.
These migrants arrived in an “insecure” country, he said, where the people “don’t know who they are or what belongs to them.” The migrants, he said, therefore begin to think, Doesn’t everything here belong to everyone?
What’s the best classic novel you recently read for the first time?
Jay Lynch, an artist, writer and satirist who was a central figure in the underground comics revolution of the 1960s and ’70s, died on March 5 at his home in Candor, N.Y.
“And with the brochures gone, I have a lot more room for trains.”
The five plays on its current program include works by Neil LaBute and Bekah Brunstetter, a producer of the TV series “This Is Us.” Nicholas Viselli, the company’s artistic director, has put quirky interstitials between the plays — a song, some monologues.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has equated marijuana with heroin and, on Wednesday, mentioned cannabis in the context of the “scourge of drug abuse.” “I reject the idea that America will be a better place if marijuana is sold in every corner store,” he said.
He said by phone on Thursday that it took four months of planning before he could get permits from the National Park Service to bring his plan to fruition.
And, in this populist moment, it is possible that interesting alliances could coalesce around an economic fair housing act.
There’s been plenty of news coming out of the Potter-verse recently: Jude Law was tapped to play a young Albus Dumbledore in the next film installment of the “Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them” series.
This feature is meant to send you into the weekend with a smile, or at least a lighter heart.
As the Democratic Party’s watchword in 2017 has become “resist,” Mr. Cuomo, who has garnered attention as a possible presidential candidate in 2020, has instead opted to coexist.
The displays have great contrapuntal rhythms, between past and present, between color and black-and-white, and among sensibilities guided by burning social consciences, the drive to experiment or a joyful embrace of the medium’s idiosyncratic possibilities.
KEEP THE PANTOMIME DAME Act II has to include Mother Ginger (or Mère Gigogne).
That wouldn’t work, in the end.
• A photography exhibit in China juxtaposed images of wild animals and black Africans.
Later in May, Mr. Obama will be with his White House chef and friend, Sam Kass , in Italy for a session at the Global Food Innovation Summit about the effect of climate change on food sources.
Texas, the top producer of beef in the United States, is home to 12.3 million cattle, 1.2 million of which live in the 54 counties declared disaster zones in the aftermath of the storm.
“It’s been 20 years almost, and it’s time,” Wolf said.
You say, ‘Oh, I’m going to dismiss him.’ No, I’m not dismissing anybody.
They raised the idea of selling the Manhattan church to the Coptic faith, which has a history of persecution in the Middle East, the archdiocese said.
The four theories of his disappearance: 1.
Indeed, some scientists reject it, preferring to focus on climate as the most important factor for growing grapes.
In an email, Mr. Komanoff said the mayor has made improvements on the first, done little on the second and “is stuck in reverse on No.
As for what it meant to her, she said, “That people care.”
But Kranepool still wears his 1969 World Series ring, although for a while, he said, he thought about selling it.
Is that because you get jealous?
Researchers used a photo-identification library called Wildbook for Whale Sharks to catalog 20 hot spots around the world, including just off the coasts of Ningaloo in Western Australia; Cancun, Mexico; Mozambique; the Philippines and the Maldives, a group of atolls south of India.
“I hope colleagues on both sides will show him the fair consideration he deserves,” Mr. McConnell said, “the same fair consideration we showed to all four of the Supreme Court nominees of Presidents Obama and Clinton after they were first elected — a respectful hearing followed by an up-or-down vote.” Taking to the Senate floor moments later, Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, the body’s No.
Government lawyers, who opposed releasing him on bond on Wednesday, noted that he had two convictions for drunken driving in 2007.
After attending a panel discussion about the artist at her son’s college in 2012, she said she started thinking seriously about how “ridiculous” it was that all this material was in her sole possession.
With the sardines, most people drank cold lager.
But, I pointed out, I’m not a watch expert.
The endowment for the Broad Foundations, his main philanthropic arm, is $2.5 billion.
Najaf attracts millions of Iranian pilgrims each year visiting the golden-domed shrine of Imam Ali, the first Shiite imam.
But the news creeps in, even to fashion.
In 1973, three years before she traveled from Iran to Mecca for her hajj, my grandmother Parvin took another momentous journey.
“It was just a jolly summer,” he said.
But tech could solve that.
The State Department issued a warning advising Americans not to travel to Cuba.
Elemental mercury, a liquid metal that breaks into tiny droplets, is a neurotoxin poisonous to the brain and the nervous system.
— was the one Meryl Streep most connected with and wanted to read for the audiobook.
A closer look, though, reveals that most of the studies in this analysis were more than a decade old.
Driving past it, one could assume it’s just another place for housing and not a remarkable piece of history.
And that’s where the rising anti-Semitism of the new white nationalists loses its punch.
As Cape Wind faltered, another wind farm off Block Island, R.I., got up and running.
In all, court filings by prosecutors mention nine victims, all female inmates.
Suddenly, I saw that little girl at age one, wearing her tiny nightgown, sitting in the high chair, picking up Cheerios one at a time with her chubby little hand.
But there is no question that it provided a psychological lift for the Warriors, a superpower that is not immune to the lingering effects of history.
He was in Washington, as a guest of the Trumps.
“They’re not really a person.
Chlamydia is usually asymptomatic, and the number of reported cases may have grown in part because of newer, more sensitive screening techniques.
Like her first issue of Paris Vogue, which is dedicated to the Frenchwoman or, as the cover reads, “La Femme Française.” Years later, an art director reveals that it was a dog whistle for the National Front.
Yet nearly every other team in the majors, 24 of the 29, has played in a World Series since the last time the Dodgers did, in 1988.
Some criticized “S-Town” for sidestepping the pulpy tale of murder and corruption teased by its cryptic prerelease marketing.
Here are several of the more interesting pastimes that senators enjoy.
It’s easy to think of hip-hop as a collection of superstars and strivers, full of faces angling to be seen.
After completing unsupervised parole in Hong Kong, Mr. Aitken said, he immersed himself in the city’s Roman Catholic community as a way of feeding a spiritual hunger.
Basically, I just want more people to see more dance.
A Federal District Court judge in Little Rock moved on Saturday to block the Arkansas executions because of her concerns about midazolam.
He has 11 passing touchdowns over his last three games, and only four interceptions on the season.
(There are intimations that she had a personal connection with the dead spy.)
His latest is “The Meyerowitz Stories,” in which the patriarch, Harold (Dustin Hoffman), seethes with resentment at his children (Ben Stiller, Adam Sandler and Elizabeth Marvel), his wife (Emma Thompson), hapless MoMA employees and everyone in between.
If you don’t have a ham bone, use a smoked ham hock (or smoked turkey leg) from the market instead.
I don’t want to be alone.” “I love that this country protects children,” Ms. Cruz said, sobbing.
Mr. Szymczyk, who had been the director of the Kunsthalle Basel and moved to Athens in 2014 with some of his curatorial team , dismissed the idea that he was, as he put it, a “functionary” of the German state.
That’s a good sign.” Less than a year later, the Gophers (23-8 over all, 11-7 in the Big Ten) are outperforming expectations in multiple ways.
That compares with a false acceptance rate of 1 in 100 for previous facial recognition systems, which had very poor security.
“I think he’s done a very good job of balancing egos and putting a championship-caliber team together.
In contrast, American-born players without any Latino background do not receive similar instruction in Spanish, even though it is the first language of numerous teammates.
After the war, he returned to Amherst, and he received his bachelor’s degree in 1947.
But sometimes this causes the literary gears to grind.
teams have also equipped their facilities so they can track balls in practices, not just in games.
Last year, trash was blamed for 638 rail fires .
“The Twelve-Mile Straight” is well worth reading.
Mr. Diehl then returned to Los Angeles as book editor of The Los Angeles Herald Examiner.
As played, though, it’s practically self-parody.
Who decides who is too controversial?
director vacancy, the deputy director becomes acting director,” she wrote on Facebook .
“We get treated as equals to the Timbers,” said the Thorns’ captain, Christine Sinclair, the career scoring leader for Canada’s national team.
It was offered again in March at Heritage Auctions, where Emory purchased it for $206,250, including buyer’s premium, according to information on the auction house’s website.
There are several unremarkable apartments where Barack Obama lived as a Columbia University undergraduate.
Hard to tell all those claims and counterclaims apart, to sort out just who deserves to govern which piece of land?
“Trump faced a fork in the road today, and he took it,” said Representative Nancy Pelosi, Democrat of California and the House minority leader.
On a club that would win three more Cups in the next four seasons, Hand made an impression despite facing long odds to make the team.
When you call upon them, they’ve got to come in and do the job.
With their dark secrets and buried wounds, the Rayburn family is no different.
I tried out the app, and it underwhelmed — it just tells you the status of your federal and state returns, the amount of your tax liability or refund and the number of days until returns are due.
“I guess I was just trying to make the best of the situation, because jury duty is usually never any fun.” But he found out otherwise on May 30, 2014 — which happened to be his 27th birthday — when he finally accepted one of those lunch offers, and went along with Ms. Nelson and two other jurors to a nearby restaurant/bar.
Age : 39 Occupation : Visual and performance artist.
She also received two master’s degrees: one in journalism from CEU San Pablo University, and the other in politics and democracy from the National Distance Education University, also in Madrid.
A farmhand has been charged with murder in the case.
“Given the current red status weather warning and widespread issuing of public safety alerts, Ibec encourages all businesses to minimize the movement of employees tomorrow,” the group said in a statement on Sunday.
With shouts of “Bravo!” and rounds of applause, rescue workers pulled a frigid but buoyant boy from the snow-covered rubble of an Italian hotel on Friday, one of at least 10 survivors found two days after an avalanche destroyed the building, officials said.
In the private-equity deal, according to The Journal’s account this month, KKR initially asked Mr. Staley to help resolve a dispute it had with Mr. Staley’s wife, Debora Nitzan Staley, and her brother, Jorge Nitzan, members of a wealthy Brazilian family.
with an intramural squabble at a critical time when the league appears to be slipping in popularity.
“With encouragement from my family and friends, I came back to Vietnam and turned myself in to seek the forgiveness of the party, the government and the law,” Mr. Thanh said in the broadcast, referring to the ruling Communist Party.
But that journey didn’t continue: This ended up a healthy-minded, sincere, rather defanged Seventh.
I had just come out of the academy.
You’ll understand why the Golf Channel was invented, at least until you drift off to sleep.
A triumphant Mr. Gingrich went on to become House speaker in the wake of the Republican tide of 1994.
She had great power as a singer.
Then Christians went to the polls, and God showed up.
“We are obsessed with fashion and we cover it rigorously.
The Malaysian police have arrested four people and are seeking seven others , most of them North Korean.
People of conscience, leakers and whistle-blowers alike, we’re made.
Artists and critics have been prosecuted for writing a short story about the Prophet Muhammad descending to earth or publishing a popularity contest ranking him 11th, among other things.
I asked if his quixotic push against Brexit was an expiation for his push for the Iraq war — even though he maintains that, as he looks at Syria, he still feels it was right to go into Iraq.
Look for the asymmetrical dresses in bamboo-viscose fabric (2,800 koruna) by Eiri, or the deconstructed women’s parka in cotton and wool (7,400 koruna) from the house brand Soolista, run by the boutique’s founder, Zuzana Hartlova.
“Many entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley have expressed their concern that this will hurt America’s field of innovation,” Mr. Li said recently at China’s World Internet Conference.
That deal would give Bayer control of the company most closely associated with the rise of genetically modified foods.
A comprehensive study of non-European Union immigrants into Denmark between 1991 and 2008 found that immigrants did not push down wages, but rather freed natives to do more pleasant work.
Under the current system, Sandra and her three children would be allowed to enter as well.
“We just simply do not know,” said Erol Kekic, the executive director of the immigration and refugee program for the agency.
It’s that Thanksgiving-to-New Year stretch when we can’t.
My school board had invalidated me in perhaps the most humiliating way possible.
The episode is an embarrassment for Nissan and for Mr. Saikawa, who took over as sole chief executive this year after the company’s longtime leader, Carlos Ghosn, stepped aside .
Transit advocates have urged subway riders to alert Mr. Cuomo’s office to their daily problems under the hashtag “ #CuomosMTA ” since the governor controls the subways.
Andrew Collins, a 48-year-old Australian who has said he was abused by members of the clergy as a child, praised the commission’s work on Monday.
That was despite the fact Mr. Brodkin performs as a character called Lee Nelson, whose website mentions pranks including disrupting a news conference by throwing bank notes at Sepp Blatter, the former president of FIFA, the governing body of international soccer.
But under any circumstance, should public policy be held hostage to racial and religious discrimination?
In this three-minute video, Michael K. Williams of “The Wire” fame tries to puzzle out the answer to a not-so-simple question: Is he typecast?
Beyond that, critics argue that Mr. de Blasio should take a more urgent approach to remaking schools that continue to fail low-income black and Latino students.
Today, too, a major investment in cybersecurity by a much wealthier and more innovative West might remind Moscow that it cannot afford or win a digital information war, just as it could not, in the long run, win — or afford — a space race.
Photos by The New York Times and by photographers from around the world.
And special counsel investigations can begin with one issue and refocus on another, as was the case with the Whitewater investigation that ended up with Mr. Clinton’s impeachment after disclosures of his affair with Monica Lewinsky.
Of course, there aren’t any phone lines.
Between 2008 and 2010, 294 million were distributed in the sub-Saharan region of Africa, a high-risk area, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
During Mr. Enberg’s next-to-last season with the Padres, he received the Ford C. Frick Award for broadcasting excellence from the Baseball Hall of Fame.
“He’ll just say the right thing.
(For example: Was the bug that crawled into the teenage girl’s mouth the Bob egg, or the Laura egg?)
Yet if the debate is involving, it’s not especially consequential.
Marty Lancton and another firefighter in Houston were driving people to rescue in a boat in southwestern Houston when he spotted two dogs on a roof.
Mr. Castile was a man of varied interests.
official involved in putting into effect the Affordable Care Act.
Perhaps its greatest power resides exclusively in the province of literature.
Fishermen, possibly , some unemployed people, and British industry serving the domestic market.
He was 88 and, until very recently, was still pushing somebody’s buttons with two-finger jabs at his keyboard.
“We warned her she has to be a little careful in her writing.
Trump, as noted above, showed no interest with Merkel in the European Union.
“There’s an air of mystery around Cognac,” she said.
But some rhetoric is necessary and real.
It allows the government to get away with repeated public-health scandals.
When Mr. Beckwith’s father, Sunderland Beckwith, died in 1986, he asked Mr. Rybak to record the lease provision.
“Ahmad first of all had very good potential, and he had the passion to dance, and he always put all his effort to study,” Ms. Belova said in a telephone interview from Dubai.
The tensions over the potential new sanctions on Russia come on top of other recent disputes on trade issues with the Trump administration.
On Tuesday, United Nations agencies and the Bangladeshi health authorities began a campaign to vaccinate refugees against cholera — the second-largest operation of its kind, surpassed only by the emergency vaccination program carried out in Haiti last year.
VERDI REQUIEM Something of a lemonade-out-of-lemons situation: This year the Met canceled, for what it said were cost reasons , a planned new production of Verdi’s “La Forza del Destino” by the daring director Calixto Bieito.
That tension emerged again on Monday when an Aboriginal man with a white braid began shouting at police officers.
• Make your bed daily.
There is a group of men that is creating health care legislation that is going to take care away from the people who need it most: That’s behavior that’s coming from people who feel small, who are in pain and who are obsessed with power.
But a comedic sidekick with a subtle romantic interest in the same sex?
But the percentage of women of all ages who chose to have both breasts removed increased to 13 percent of all those who had surgery in 2012, up from 4.5 percent in 2004.
“I believe it’s very attainable and I still believe we’re going to be fielding a very, very good team.”
In the ways we do every day, and in the heroic ways this terrible occasion calls for, I see those who live and work in Las Vegas taking care of people.
“You avoid using energy to transport the wheat all over the world, which adds both to the cost of the product and to the environment.” Mr. Di Leo said the use of all-Italian wheat had more benefits.
“It’s a dangerous and troubling situation for governments or individuals to simply assign the label of fake news to a story they don’t like, instead of challenging specific facts or offering counter evidence,” said Eileen Murphy, the spokeswoman.
Higley told me she kept DeLeon’s letter hanging over her desk.
For a sci-fi goof, “People of Earth” is nicely plotted, but its real attraction is the dynamic among the ensemble, also including Ana Gasteyer and H. Jon Benjamin.
“A frequently undeserved cynicism nearly always crowds out the facts,” the mayor wrote, accusing the media of a “boundless energy spent distorting the donor-City Hall relationship” and lamenting the lack of “some basic modicum of media fairness.” After Mr. de Blasio posted his essay, Preet Bharara, the former United States attorney in Manhattan, who started the federal investigations into Mr. de Blasio, went on Twitter to suggest a poll: “Who’s more prone to blame the press for his own failings & failures — Donald Trump or Bill de Blasio?”
Here’s what else is happening: Embedding among the warm, huddled masses might actually feel nice today.
The latest breach deepens doubts about KPMG and, in the process, raises fundamental questions about the integrity of all public-company audits.
Mr. Comey has not been dealing directly with Attorney General Jeff Sessions on the matter, as Mr.
The season before the first Winter Classic, the Sabres had a league-best 53 wins, paced by the offensive prowess of Chris Drury and Daniel Briere, and they advanced to the conference finals for a second consecutive year.
client”; he pops his head into Cherry’s a few times a week and has followed Nigel faithfully since meeting him 12 years ago.
Activists and scholars who devote their lives to the study of gender-based violence and its legislative and social amelioration have been systematically smeared as reactionary liars.
The rest of the tournament puzzles, plus a few bonus ones, are available for purchase (for an “Abe”) at the site.
She missed spending more time with them — she watched videos of them after they went to bed — and five children were a lot of work.
Orchestra, directed by Rob Berman — has little of the showstopping brassiness associated with Kander and Ebb.
Mr. McConaughey is a ball of profane, entrepreneurial energy bouncing around in a vacuum.
47 Photos View Slide Show › “It is the usual argument about how women can’t be intelligent and interesting and seductive, too,” Mrs. Prada said.
Perhaps impunity at home creates a false sense of security.
This is a classic “Star Trek” trope.
His round, ringing tone and his propensity for bending notes placed him outside the jazz guitar mainstream, but he was never all that concerned with labels.
It lists a $19 billion paid family leave program that appears to be supported by funds intended for unemployment benefits.
It was a futile exercise, as he must have known it would be.
Our common failure to experiment extends well past generics, as one recent study illustrates.
Civic Ventures, an organization founded by the Seattle venture capitalist Nick Hanauer, has paid partnerships with several popular left-wing Facebook pages, including The Other 98% and Occupy Democrats.
At the home of Fidel Delgado, his bewildered wife, Maria Rocha, seemed comforted that one of us was a Spanish speaker who identified as a reporter and was interested in telling their story.
the clue does not specifically point to one answer) ■ Trivia (the clue involves obscure knowledge) Of those, Will and his team seem to favor misdirection while minimizing vagueness, the latter I tend to use as a crutch when I can’t think of something clever.
“Look, here, this used to be a cafe,” he said, pointing to a woman’s clothing store where the faint remains of a traditional cafe awning were still visible.
It is the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, not the Center for a Responsible Federal Budget.
The fact that the hackers were able to attack a specific site showed that their capabilities had improved, Mr. Chien said.
Migratory birds can be thrown off course.
Mr. McNerney was referring to the inclusion of the painting in a one-man show at the Whitechapel Art Gallery in London in 1998.
The first cop approached a little freaked out; unable to compute a one-limbed man riding a motorcycle, he mistook Miller’s prosthetic arm for a weapon.
In 2015, the International Air Transport Association , an industry group that represents about 260 airlines, created guidelines for optimum-size carry-on bags: 21.5 x 13.5 x 7.5 inches.
Floral patterns abound, on stunning floor-length gowns and crisp suit jackets.
The tiny vehicle crumpled like a piece of tin foil, flipped twice and finally settled bottom upward.
One of the first towns to invite migrants into its walls was Riace, in Calabria, whose mayor, Domenico Lucano, was named one of Fortune’s ‘‘World’s 50 Greatest Leaders’’ last year.
At the same time, the developers behind the planned towers are working jointly to gain city approvals, which will be based on the projects’ impact on pedestrians and other factors.
“Toilet paper is a public resource.
She left his office feeling unsatisfied.
A cherished tenet of our justice system is that nobody should escape accountability for breaking the law.
To the Editor: “The Costs of Mr. Trump’s Dragnet” is right on but doesn’t go far enough.
“Crumbling infrastructure,” he said, “will be replaced with new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and railways, gleaming across our very, very beautiful land.” Sounds great.
“Conquest,” which runs a little over an hour and a half, has nothing like the formal symmetry or coherence that Ludlam would bring to his later works, like “Camille” and “The Mystery of Irma Vep.” But it does reflect, almost blindingly, the central Ludlam tenet of creative line blurring — between classical and pop, beautiful and ugly, sacred and profane, male and female, professional and amateur.
He moved to Berkeley in 1959.
In a risk assessment commissioned by the company, lawyers advised that such sales were probably legal, so long as the product was provided “at a distance” from actual investigations and used “in the normal course of government operations.” American expansion by companies like Hacking Team may not face much resistance from the federal government, which is becoming more accepting of electronic surveillance as part of normal police work.
“If corporations and politicians understand that women today will no longer accept these deplorable behaviors, they will change or be defeated.” Accusations of sexual harassment are hardly limited to Fox, as recent cases at Uber and several other companies show.
Until then, I didn’t believe much in magic, but examining the wand closely for the first time, I marveled that a such a thin reed of resin could require the heft of a credit card to own.
The disinterred corpses are usually those of ancestors who died at least seven years previously.
“The most important thing is the setting,” says Ruth Robbins, professor of Victorian literature at Leeds Beckett University in England.
Last week Deb brought you talking goats ; today, in search of a video companion to 18D, I stumbled upon glow-in-the-dark ovine choreography.
Here are highlights from the testimony , in which Mr.
I was one of the few guys to speak English.
On Twitter, President Trump’s comments focused on federal spending.
The only ray of hope I had was the memory of Gov.
that he attempted to build across an Italian peninsula to seal in Spartacus’s slave revolt, to the creepy and illicit pursuit of a Vestal Virgin relative (though he probably just wanted her property).
At the beginning of the year, that was an unthinkable prospect.
Otherwise, Pamela Golbin, chief curator of the Musée de la Mode et du Textile in Paris, said she expected a “unique vision of the archetypical Parisienne.” Mr.
When asked by the interviewer if it was the product of the executive orders as well as the perception that Muslims were no longer welcome in the United States, Mr. Kelly said: “It could be, I think you could draw that conclusion.
On Instagram, Mr. Barthelat is more inclined to post scenes of his home in Burgundy than anything fashion-related.
To Ajax in 1973, Hamburg in 1983, Borussia Dortmund and Real Madrid in quick succession in 1997 and 1998, to A.C. Milan on penalties in 2003, and then, two years ago, to Barcelona in Berlin.
Modern ship radars automatically calculate the closest point at which other vessels will approach them.
I haven’t been showing that kind of work.
Robert Dallek, a historian, said Franklin D. Roosevelt lashed out at the news media with his aides, while John F. Kennedy canceled a White House subscription to The New York Herald Tribune after a string of negative coverage.
But Republican and Democratic senators pressed a fundamental question: How can the Trump administration say it champions those efforts if it is cutting budgets for a range of important diplomatic initiatives — and eliminating others outright?
Improbably, he will most likely win a parliamentary majority in June’s elections, though skeptics doubted he could even assemble enough candidates for his new party.
Mr. Moore considers himself fortunate, finding his experience on “Crime” and “13 Reasons Why” to be, long hours aside, comfortable and inclusive.
In criminal cases, sentencing guidelines adopted during the Reagan administration and laws establishing mandatory minimum sentences encourage defendants to waive jury trials and to accept plea bargains offered by prosecutors.
Anything goes wrong, just reach out to us at cookingcare@nytimes.com and we’ll see that we get you sorted.
In the morning, I would go around to people and ask if they needed anything to help them do their jobs.
“Why no one made a phone call to police is beyond me.” Laura Ditka, the deputy state attorney general who was the lead prosecutor in the case, said Mr. Spanier had chosen to protect his and Penn State’s reputations, rather than protect children.
Among the noncompetition titles is “Sea Sorrow,” the first feature directed by the British actress Vanessa Redgrave.
This year’s presidential election also saw the defeated candidates of the French right and far right invoke eastern Christians, often in the same breath as they disparaged Muslims at home.
Half of the gains were realized in the first five years, but subsequent budgets severely slashed funding for the commission, suggesting that more funding is needed, he said.
To the Editor: The liberation and exhilaration that, according to Parul Sehgal (Roving Eye, June 4), Leonora Carrington felt by writing in an adopted language contrast with the arduous experience of Joseph Conrad.
Maison Harlem is nestled at the foot of the hill that leads to the City College campus and its hodgepodge of granite and white terra-cotta neo-Gothic buildings and stark modern structures.
Famously, a panel of literary experts made the choices over lunch and sherry around an oak table.
The new ID request is one part of that, but there are additional steps you can consider.
“The impact of events like terror attacks are becoming less strong on the luxury market.” The stronger forecast for 2017 stems from three factors, Ms. D’Arpizio said: a resurgence in Chinese consumer spending, both at home and abroad; a return of tourism confidence in Europe; and efforts by luxury brands to identify and respond to the tastes of specific groups of consumers, particularly millennials.
Some countries are trying to regulate food waste.
What did Senator Lisa Murkowski, Alaska Republican, say about her support of arts therapy for “our wounded warriors”?
The datelines blur into one American story, captured in all its breadth by Mr. Franco and his camera.
The most worrisome development is Serbia’s rapid militarization, with Russia supplying air defense systems and other sophisticated military equipment.
Sometimes you have to just ask questions, and create a space for people so they feel they’re not being penalized or questioned, and so they can say: “You know what?
She zeroed in on the project’s seasoned producer, Buddy Cannon, who had a low-key way of drawing her out at the microphone.
As a result, Manfred, who has a broad mandate under the 19-month-old domestic violence policy, has been able to act forcefully.
That room is char and ashes now — as is much of the valley it overlooked — a fact I cannot convince myself is true.
“Tell me,” he’d say, and I’d tell him.
But Air Force One does not have the gold-plated belt buckles or wood tables that Trump Force One does.
The costumes consist of a headdress, called a tahia; lots of silver jewelry; dozens of tiny bells on each foot; and vibrant silk or cotton dresses with elaborate thread work.
For Fox News, there is one big question: What does life after Bill O’Reilly look like?
By promoting Indian exports, a top priority of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Amazon is positioning itself as a good corporate citizen.
“That’s obviously of great concern,” he said.
• A morning jolt of frigidity may be just what you need to start your day.
The first presidential election in which I could vote was in 1972.
(Wednesday): 146 Orchard Street (Rivington Street), 212-842-8000, butcherbar.com .
These study results hovered over my head as I worked through a recent clinic session, most of which felt devoted to serving the E.M.R.
Chinle sits 5,500 feet above sea level, west of Canyon de Chelly, where in the 1860s the Navajo held out against Kit Carson and federal troops who had come to destroy their crops and burn their homes.
He grew up helping his father, known as Deke, maintain the course, driving a 1922 Fordson tractor well before he got his driver’s license.
It’s as committedly topical as anything the center has done, with sections focused on climate change, immigration, gender issues, racial turmoil, terrorism and the 2016 election.
Many fled without any papers.
“I don’t want anyone in Puerto Rico to ever feel forgotten again.” Mr. Miranda was too busy completing the track to engage with Mr. Trump’s visit to the island on Tuesday.
He’s just another of God’s creatures, fallen from heaven.
The rest had been either killed or arrested.
But does the Cerruti collection have the potential to open eyes that seldom stray beyond the white cubes of contemporary galleries?
The Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate , a move intended to curb inflation and stabilize growth.
“I did it in one day.” _____ 11.
On Sept. 16, they open the second edition of the Chicago Architecture Biennial as its artistic directors.
“Erica took the truth with her everywhere she went, even if that truth made people uncomfortable,” he said, recalling her willingness to confront President Barack Obama and demand that he take a stand against racially charged policing tactics.
Like many in his generation of security agents in the early post-Soviet period, he ventured into banking and the oil business.
The Israeli guitarist Gilad Hekselman has a vision of modern jazz that’s harmonically fluent but not averse to simple melody or gentle, approachable effect.
Last week, the Weinstein Company, known for Oscar-winning films like “The King’s Speech” and “The Artist,” gave Colony Capital a limited period to exclusively pursue the purchase of some or all of the studio’s assets.
“Two Republican canaries died in the coal mine yesterday.” He added: “It has to be seen as a red flag.
‘DIFFICULT WOMEN: A MEMOIR OF THREE’ By David Plante (New York Review Books).
They care about one job: their job.” — Corry Bliss , executive director of the American Action Network, a conservative group helping the effort to sell the Republicans’ tax overhaul.
Now more than a year old, Sophia is a child of the Zika epidemic, one of nearly 2,500 babies in Brazil born to infected mothers, with brain damage so profound the consequences are only beginning to be understood.
By contrast, both President Bushes took office with the economy at full employment, when there was nowhere for job growth to go but down.
“Mary is the right person at the right time, and she does it without an ounce of showmanship,” he said.
Are you a sports fan fed up with the length of the games or matches, the expense to see the game in person, the changing rules, or the seemingly never-ending seasons?
“It is surreal,” said Mr. Russo, an environmental consultant who recently won permission for a minor addition on a cottage at the Trumps’ golf club in Bedminster, N.J., where Mr. Trump is spending this weekend.
TEAM OF DESTINY Something happened in those few harrowing seconds when Michigan’s plane skidded off the runway in an aborted takeoff en route to the Big Ten tournament.
Citigroup, which has a large global presence operating in dozens of countries, said its lending growth wasn’t that much larger, with overall loans rising 2 percent.
“With respect to claims of friendship in particular, it is not uncommon for defendants to establish some evidence of friendship in bribery cases but still be found guilty,” the brief stated.
So I don’t want to go quickly and just make a statement for the sake of making a political statement.
He is 39, and wearing the Puerto Rican uniform meant more to him than saving his body extra wear and tear before the regular season.
_________ Updated: May 11, 2017 This week’s image comes from the March 22, 2017 article “ South Korea Raises Ferry That Sank in 2014 Disaster .” The original caption reads: Workers in South Korea on Thursday raised the ferry Sewol, which capsized and sank in April 2014.
It’s hard to know which of Thorpe’s exploits are accurately remembered and which have become embellished into tall tales over time, but for the modern young reader, Sheinkin’s telling holds the kind of hearty inspiration that Old West tales used to nurture in the kids of earlier eras.
The 9-year-old girl waited expectantly for Gerina Piller to emerge from the scoring area after her second round at the L.P.G.A.’s Tour Championship on Friday.
In a statement, Oakley’s lawyer, Douglas Wigdor, said he filed the lawsuit in Federal District Court in Manhattan “out of principle and his desire to hold Mr. Dolan accountable for his actions.” “This is a frivolous lawsuit and nothing more than another attempt by Mr. Oakley to garner attention,” a spokesman for the Madison Square Garden Company said in a statement.
Early on, the company found it difficult to retain instructors.
As the children — there are up to 130 at any time, with a staff of about 20 — went about their activities inside, vendors outside the kindergarten’s entrance were grilling sausages and hawking cold beer.
On immigration, he talked about the mass deportation of 11 million undocumented workers, then later said he was focused on getting “bad dudes” out of the country.
One sentence stood out for its quick pivot from shock to politesse: “I wouldn’t mind a sea burial, as the thought of being devoured underwater is strangely attractive to me, but I think it’s hard to arrange, and I won’t want to be a nuisance.”
We urgently need to develop next-generation diagnostics, vaccines and therapeutics.
To the Editor: Nicholas Kristof’s Sept. 7 column, “ Google and Sex Traffickers ,” sheds light on a critical issue: lobbying efforts to defeat “legislation that would crack down on websites that promote sex trafficking.” Human trafficking is happening here in the United States, and we have an obligation — to trafficking victims, survivors and their families — to combat this horrendous act and punish it as the criminal activity it is.
“I shouldn’t be proud of it,” he finally said.
made such international federations responsible for vetting Russian athletes to see which ones would compete in Rio.
What would that look like?
That movement prompted thousands to camp in public parks, protest the excesses of “the 1 percent” — and eventually disperse with little to show for the efforts.
With Howard gone, the Rockets put Harden at the center of everything they do on offense, and it paid off.
Spring is a cinematic sweet spot in New York.
At the end of 2015, I got the opportunity to travel to Greenland to accompany the U.S. ambassador to Denmark, taking a tour of some of the climate research happening.
Today it looks as if the great philosopher may have been wrong.
Now it has more or less become the operating principle for key parts of the U.S. system.
Jennings follows these communes’ fates and fortunes, observing wryly: “Anyone nuts enough to try building heaven on earth is bound for a hell of his own making.” THE DEATH OF REX NHONGO , by C. B. George.
Weasels inheriting just one copy of the low-fertility gene would end up with two copies, which they’d pass down to offspring.
“Every plug grew,” said the group’s director, Andrea Parker.
“It’s a ‘sensitive’ period,” he said, amending the language, in an oral history interview for the American Academy of Pediatrics in 2000.
In light of your most recent award, what do you feel are your meaningful contributions to the game?
Is that sort of comforting?
“Any negativity that’s coming toward me or the team, I don’t think we need it at this point,” Anthony says.
(In one instance, a dark-skinned little girl looked out, proclaiming: “Chances are, he won’t stay with you.
And the sensation of frozenness, of being enmeshed in a crisis from which it’s impossible to withdraw, may well be familiar to anyone who follows the news.
C’est un écueil typique des intellectuels de gauche dans le monde arabe de penser que la colonisation est toujours occidentale, jamais russe ou iranienne.
“North Korea does not have the power to carry out an all-out war that could last a long time for unification by force,” said Cho Han-bum, a senior researcher at the Korea Institute for National Unification, a South Korean government-funded think tank.
There were complaints from some officials that his tweets created another public relations headache at a time when the White House was scrambling to deal with a looming loss on health care, a dangerous escalation in the war of words with North Korea and complicated negotiations over the centerpiece of the president’s legislative agenda, tax reform.
The glorious Lincoln Memorial was closed on Inauguration Day, leaving its white marble inhabitant to inspire from a distance.
“People say, ‘Can I have a glass of the wine I’d rather not name?’” Mr. Mosley said.
It was kind of a time suck (long, dull), but there was payoff, as I immediately put it in my novel “The Identicals.” My character finds it on her twin sister’s night stand; it’s the book that once belonged to their mother.
(In response, Univision pulled out of showing Trump-owned beauty pageants; Mr. Trump retaliated with a lawsuit and a letter informing Univision that its personnel were no longer welcome at the Trump golf course here.)
One tip: Learn your stuff.
And he placed blame for his years as a combative lawyer on seductive but toxic ideas about constitutional government learned from study sessions abroad.
“The interview went over several hours and concluded sometime this morning.” While people who knew Mr. Santiago recently saw anger, instability and paranoia, those who knew him earlier in his life had known someone very different.
“Having worked in a country where getting to the World Cup is so important, you understand.” While Bradley admitted he was skeptical about the motivations behind the expansion — “I still sometimes think these decisions are made for the wrong reasons, and ultimately the quality of the competition suffers,” he said — Sredojevic was not the least bit concerned.
And the body formed to carry out the Annan commission recommendations needs more international support.
• Toys From the Past • What Are Your Favorite Movies, Television Shows, Books, Albums, Songs and Performances of 2017?
In Week 11, this means the Buffalo at Los Angeles Chargers game — between two A.F.C.
7 in the world, leads the tournament standings.
There are no Rock brother writing sessions.
The question is how fast.” We know.
Any piece of criticism you get comes along with hidden baggage of unknown circumstances.
Across the nation, individual market customers like them are seeing signs of big premium increases, which insurers are largely attributing to the possibility of losing the federal cost-sharing subsidies and of Mr. Trump’s not enforcing the health law’s mandate that most people have coverage or pay a penalty.
When she walks, arching her back, she uses her arms as well as her legs.
Whenever a student is accused of sexual assault, university administrators need to render their judgment with tremendous care, because erroneously determining that a student is responsible for sexual misconduct can cause lasting harm.
There is also the difficulty of deciding on how big the atmospheric plumes should get.
Mr. Trump and his advisers appear ready for the fight.
“People who simply want the execution are unhappy because of the passage of time,” he said.
Gary Chaison, a professor of industrial relations at Clark University, said some unions have accepted a Faustian bargain.
THE IMAGINEERS OF WAR The Untold History of DARPA, the Pentagon Agency That Changed the World By Sharon Weinberger Illustrated.
A pack of nine competitors consistently jockeyed with Keitany for the lead, including three runners making their New York debut: Kenya’s Betsy Saina; Ethiopia’s Mamitu Daska; and Sara Dossena, an Italian triathlete.
Initially, Kaepernick protested by sitting down.
In terms of Harvey, not everyone did what he did in the 1970s and after.
But the Yankees could not close that gap in a 4-3 loss.
And I might have continued to indict away on autopilot if it hadn’t been for two fellow jurors: a young black lawyer and a white former judge.
On your iPhone or iPad: Open the preloaded app called “Podcasts”; it has a purple icon.
Stella McCartney, Christopher Bailey, Victoria Beckham, Phoebe Philo and Sarah Burton flew in from London.
It is savory and saline, with the enticing scent of meadow flowers.
But nonscholars like me are not deprived of its riches.
Le Pen, coming after Brexit, would underscore that Europeans have now arrived at a third phase: active rebellion.
The teams, who have the second- and third-best records in the East, split their four meetings this season.
“That doesn’t really interest me.” He added: “People have asked: ‘Who is this for?
When I wore lipstick after seeing “Clueless,” and sneakers after seeing “Remember the Titans.” When I flipped my hair every way, ate ice cream out of anything, and wore coats of all types and colors.
Our reporter details Turkey’s decline from democracy .
“As a young teacher, I made serious mistakes that I will regret for the rest of my life,” Mr. Lyman said Tuesday in an email.
Ms. Lovibond (“Elementary”) and Mr. Landes have an amiable rapport that could keep you coming back, but they’re not going to make anyone forget Harrison Ford and Karen Allen.
Rather, a preacher must call upon the people to consider their beliefs, listen to the candidates and decide by their conscience for whom to vote.
This regulation aims to give people more control over their data, so search engines can’t follow them everywhere they roam online.
The police said Mr. Lockhart refused more than 20 commands from officers to drop the knife and then stepped toward officers.
• California’s Democrats are engulfed in a “civil war” over the direction of their party.
But it’s obvious they do: In the wild, it is easy to see that male club-wings fly awkwardly.
• Learn about holiday culinary traditions from around the globe .
He is also being punished.
He would create a special police unit to focus on child abuse cases, do away with the Police Department’s requirement that recruits have at least two years of college, subsidize subway rides for poor New Yorkers, tax plastic bags and legalize marijuana.
While a stronger dollar and the interest rate increases that the Federal Reserve has signaled will come in 2017 could be a drag, both result from more economic strength, not less.
Republicans spurned those concerns, rallying around what has been the animating ideology of their party since the Reagan era: that tax cuts will drive faster growth and national prosperity.
Mr. Kalanick said in the email that the managers who directly report to him will be in charge of the company, although he added that he will remain available as needed “for the most strategic decisions.” The managers who report to him include David Richter, the senior vice president for business, and Rachel Holt, the general manager in charge of Uber’s business in the United States and Canada.
J. Edgar Hoover drops in, as does the spymaster William Stephenson, code-named “Intrepid” and said to be one of Ian Fleming’s models for James Bond.
The recovery was just six months old.
She is focused on making grants to educational and health organizations in India and determined to measure their impact.
And no end is in sight.
A flock of divas is circling Broadway, and the first one to land will be Donna Summer.
“It’s about status,” Mr. Eller said, “something you can’t get anywhere else.” Resorts World New York City claimed the title for highest grossing slots in the country almost the day after it opened.
And at Doomie’s, a vegan restaurant in Toronto, there is a dedicated selfie room where patrons stand in front of a mirror, snap a photo and post it to social media, often with a caption like “just emerged from my food coma.” “When we were planning the restaurant, we wanted clever ways to promote it and differentiate it, and the younger demographic always wants something Instagram-able,” said one of Doomie’s owners, Hellenic Vincent De Paul.
The differences were modest, in the big picture.
He has led the National League in slugging percentage three times, including last season with a .631 mark, and in 2014 he led the league in total bases (299), home runs (37), slugging (.555) and intentional walks (24) despite missing the final two weeks of the season after being struck by the pitch from Fiers.
What really penetrates is the humanity — the relationships, the father-son issues, the husband-wife issues and just survival, particularly in this wild time that we're living in.
The exchange did not go smoothly.
He also asked for help getting rid of the body, prosecutors said.
In June, the court struck down a restrictive Texas abortion law by a 5-to-3 vote, with Justice Kennedy joining the court’s four-member liberal wing.
The past and the homeland, “Heimat,” blurred together into the notion of a romantic Western European past, the Abendland, becoming a cultural and psychological bulwark against the disenfranchising anonymity of urban industrialization.
“Well, active-duty military, war fighters.
The official, final vote totals, which will most likely exceed 400 ballots, will be announced on Jan. 18.
Norwich is also generous in helping neighbors who are less well off.
Who’s buying this stuff?” Robert Burke, the founder of a namesake luxury consulting firm, said Bleecker Street was “a vanity location — meaning it’s more about the image than about retail sales or foot traffic.” At a time when shoppers are buying online and fashion brands across the industry are hurting, “the challenging business environment makes it less interesting to do vanity locations,” Mr. Burke said.
Like the Metropolitan Museum of Art , it has its presidential portraits.
All five run reef reconstruction and conservation programs.
“I like to get some young people up on stage with them,” said Mr. Krebs, 60.
Do you feel the same way about the Grammys?
Given the inappropriate romantic pairing that ensues, the movie is actually an inadvertent argument for divorce.
They had hoped to rent in the Financial District or Chelsea so that one of them could walk to work, but apart from wanting a larger space they hadn’t had any specific requirements.
Experts differed on the use of emails, but Ms. Maidenberg recommended against them.
Then they sent them across the Iron Curtain to the West.
As the animal philosopher Steven Cave wrote in an essay about Knut’s death, the bear’s story serves as a poignant cautionary tale about celebrity animals: “We might search for nature in zoos, but what we find are our conflicting ideas of nature reflected back at us.
Those unremarkable but symbolic signs are perhaps the closest representation of the real thing in a region built so heavily on the virtual.
Elgar is being genuinely experimental here .
Newer-wave celebrations have become more spiritual and intimate.
“There is no greater thing than eating produce that’s still warm from the sun that has never seen a refrigerator,” Ms. Munroe said.
Prosecutors said Mr. Welch left the rifle and handgun in the restaurant.
Never Mind the Students; Homework Divides Parents At some city public schools, worksheets are out, passion projects are in, but some say the push against homework favors families with money and time.
The residents of the castle fight back because their humanity is at stake.
Each year some 120 million Americans go to an emergency room, a number that increases annually even as more hospitals close their E.R.s (there are now 22 percent fewer than 20 years ago).
Ms. Pollock’s measures appear to have improved the company’s financial situation.
Successive waves of real estate development have constructed an empire of luxury high-rise apartments and resorts centered on hedonistic pursuits.
But the reactions of religious leaders across the country suggested that it instead promised freedoms many of them did not want — and failed to deliver concrete legal protections that conservatives had been led to expect.
Journalists in Russia like Mr. Muratov haven’t lost sight of that lesson because they can’t afford to.
In fact, it became inviting.
Mr. Bisguier might have won more United States Championships — or at least one more — if not for Mr. Fischer.
On Wednesday, Representative Kevin Brady of Texas, the Republican chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, reiterated his support for a 20 percent corporate rate.
His budget is out, and it predicts we will have super-duper, excellent, great — no, huge — economic growth based on monster tax cuts for the rich and cuts in spending that will leave the poor with no money to buy anything.
“It covers bridges, typically” had me stuck on the materials used for making covered, over-the-water bridges, yet that’s not what this clue was about: The answer is DENTAL INSURANCE.
He was ensconced in a carpeted hotel suite.
In the future, the researchers hope to mount longer-term studies that include women, as well as older, sedentary and overweight people, to better understand how different types of exercise influence each group’s hormones and hunger and to tease out the many physiological mechanisms involved.
“Everyone has plenty of things.”
Everyone has theories for why well-educated, higher-income professionals are moving back into parts of cities shunned by their parents’ generation.
“It became evident that our evolving goals and aspirations were no longer aligned with the restaurant and its future, making this change necessary,” they said.
I’d love to see Jelena back this up and continue to play well.” For now, she is up to No.
Love, it turns out, comes on the wings of assigned seating.
Still, we’ve never seen anything quite like what’s happening with Mr. Trump.
Some of the new funding would undoubtedly be used to ramp up the fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
At age 62, Rick started a new commercial interior venture in the Twin Cities, but the market proved tough for an outsider to break into.
These were the years when the future “Wolf of Wall Street” author Jordan Belfort ran a brokerage firm on Long Island, taking small companies public.
Who is frying doughnuts with a kitchen that clean?
“It’s been said that a serial killer is like a chameleon, and that’s what made this case so frustrating,” said David Gonzales, the United States marshal for the District of Arizona.
4-seeded Miami (24-8) rallied to beat No.
AMERICAN BOYBAND 10:30 p.m. on Viceland.
You start to feel as if you could write your own business plan after watching a few episodes.
On the conservative website Red State, a columnist wrote that the governor’s evacuation call was “sound and measured advice which any responsible public official would have given.
James Estrin is also on Instagram .
In 1944 and ’45, the French filmmaker Georges Rouquier documented the lives of peasant farmers from his extended family, with an eye toward the changing seasons and the changing times.
Since then, the union has fiercely protected the jobs of teachers in the reserve, resisting attempts to put a time limit on how long a teacher can remain there.
Several months later, the Canadian government granted Deline self-government, ensuring local control in areas like language and education.
Mr. Ackman is by no means the only money manager to have erred in assessing a company’s prospects.
Some users who were unsure of why their accounts disappeared reported them as hacked to Instagram and said the accounts were restored after a day or two.
While Mr. Blum stated that interactions with members of Congress were common, he said his interactions with Mr. Menendez stuck out in his mind for two reasons.
Mr. Netanyahu did, however, speak out on Wednesday, after Mr. Trump used the opening of his speech in Congress to denounce the attacks and threats.
forums centered on raising awareness for the increasing transmission rates among blacks.
1 national ranking, dozens of power-conference teams tamed, three berths in the round of eight and — oh, right, about that.
Mayor Bill de Blasio wants to raise the minimum price of a pack of cigarettes to $13 , which would make New York City the most expensive place in the nation to buy them.
And new books for children feature a girl who grows up at a Renaissance faire, a cat who helps us with our ABC’s and a track star stepping up to challenges at home.
Surtees joined Ferrari in 1963 and won the 1966 Belgian Grand Prix but quit the team in midseason after a dispute with management.
And the insurance would cover less of the consumer’s medical costs.
But most people buying Bitcoin are doing so in the belief that others will want it even more in the future.
Although many of those detained were soon released, Mr. Navalny on Monday received a 15-day prison sentence for resisting arrest.
“It won’t surprise me if the combination of the filing season and implementation of the legislation create significant problems,” said Marcus S. Owens, a Washington lawyer and former director of the I.R.S.
Tunisia may be the best hope for stable democracy to emerge in the region, but with a struggling economy and the prospect of thousands of returning jihadist fighters, it sits at a dangerous juncture of potential expansion for the Islamic State.
Critics say there has often been a very thin line between many of those trafficking in Confederate history and purveyors of white supremacy.
THE ARTS An art review on Friday about the exhibition “Trigger: Gender as a Tool and a Weapon,” at the New Museum misstated part of the name of a museum founded by Chris E. Vargas.
The administration could stop making subsidy payments to insurance companies authorized by the A.C.A.
(Harper Collins, $35) A worthy addition to the cookbook-as-travelogue trend, “ Tasting Georgia: A Food and Wine Journey in the Caucasus ,” includes just 70 recipes but tells so much more in a 460-pages-plus collection by Carla Capalbo.
“The Walking Dead,” with its two-part, 16-episode seasons, is in a no-man’s-land between shorter cable and streaming shows and longer but episodic broadcast shows, and it’s TV’s prime example of the strains of telling a tightly serialized story across many years with no natural end in sight.
I brought up the Amtrak website and discovered there was a line called the Crescent that followed the eastern corridor down to Washington, D.C., and then snaked through the South to New Orleans.
The first 23 members contributed $1 each.
In several instances, moreover, the Islamic State has claimed attacks before the identities of the killers were known.
The officer received minor injuries.
I was pleased that the northwest and southeast corners had reasonable stacks.
Once I got the gig, I gave Bloomingdale’s my notice.
Mr. Berman has overseen more than 100 movies — including “Ocean’s Eleven,” “Training Day” and Steven Spielberg’s coming “Ready Player One ” — but considered becoming a fine-art photographer himself while an undergraduate at U.C.L.A., Bennington College and the California Institute of the Arts in the 1970s, when he shot roll upon roll of Kodak Tri-X and Ektachrome film on road trips.
“They tried to keep the spending increases down and the deficit increases down by whacking away at social safety net programs, many of which were cut during that period.” Even if Mr. Trump keeps his promise not to touch Social Security and Medicare, other programs like housing subsidies, child care assistance, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, also known as food stamps, could be cut, social welfare and budget analysts say.
AT&T bought satellite firm DirecTV in 2015 for $67 billion and is preparing to close on its $109 billion deal for Time Warner.
But the Friendship Nine, as the Rock Hill protesters came to be called, were among the first defendants to embrace an emerging strategy of resistance to legal segregation: jail, not bail.
The fiction we’ve read in the group includes “ Birds of a Lesser Paradise ,” by Megan Mayhew Bergman; “ Life of Pi ,” by Yann Martel; “ Ordinary Wolves ,” by Seth Kantner; “ The Year of the Flood ,” by Margaret Atwood; “ The Wilding ,” by Benjamin Percy; “Ishmael,” by Daniel Quinn; and “Memory of Water,” by Emmi Itaaranta.
And not surprisingly, the data showed that there is no such thing as a typical house.
70A: You’re telling me it’s not Cape COD?
There are two ways to answer that question.
The more the whole world sees us as the solution and not as a country led by someone just as crazy, irrational and unstable as North Korea, the more leverage we will have.
Sara, New York — Supported my crazy ideas, listened to me ugly-cry, stole my heart forever.
Their concoctions blend herbal and fruit flavors, using local ingredients.
So far, however, Sanders hasn’t produced either an estimate of how much that would cost or a specific proposal about how to pay for it.
Instead, it took two and a half years to refine the software so it could readily identify concepts such as noncompete contract clauses and change-of-control, said Mr. Hudek, chief technology officer of Kira Systems.
When she could no longer get around, Ms. Jones, her landlady, took care of her.
Over five days, because of the content of three works in our exhibition “ Art and China After 1989: Theater of the World ,” our institution and individuals on our staff were methodically targeted by social media posts, online petition comments, and email and personal voice mail messages numbering in the many thousands.
But instead a weak and irresolute American president has been led by the nose to a course of action that will further increase regional tensions.
As she approached the 15th green, she wondered what all the yelling and screaming was about.
Here, about 130 miles southeast of Aliso Canyon, the site of the immense gas leak in 2015 — the global-warming equivalent of operating about 1.7 million cars over the course of a year — 19,000 battery modules the size of a kitchen drawer are being wired together in racks.
At 6-foot-2 and 195 pounds, Mr. Edis, the chief executive and a founder of the smart-car start-up Dash, cuts an impressive figure to other people.
The club appears in the opening of “Louie,” Louis C.K.’s television show, and was seen in Mr. Rock’s 2014 film “Top Five .” Jon Stewart generated headlines when he did a surprise set there just days before leaving “The Daily Show.” It is a rare space where cellphones stay in purses and pockets, with club employees on patrol to make sure that they do.
“When you go north of there, it just becomes desert,” Mr. Michaels said.
With the South Korean government in disarray and a presidential election coming there, the Chinese government has been wooing the opposition Minjoo Party, which opposes the Thaad deployment.
title game, which the Dominicans won 3-0 at AT&T Park in San Francisco.
It is scheduled for a vote in the House of Representatives on Wednesday.
“It’s just normal to us.
These were political donors, I was told, lobbyists and generous patrons.
It’s just so hard here.” He knows about food stamps, having grown up on them.
The director isn’t as well known for his jokes, but I think he should be.
Do you dress up for the flight?
Faced with Republican intransigence in Congress, President Barack Obama chose to confront the climate threat through executive action during his second term.
For three years, he ran Midnight Madness , an annual overnight Manhattan puzzle hunt popular among Wall Street professionals.
The stage is shorn of the usual Gypsies and bullfighters; Don José and the clinic’s employees, reading from scripts, embody archetypes in a fantasy of masculine revenge.
Critics say the practice effectively creates “slush funds” for favored organizations or causes.
She explored its 125 contoured side canyons, each of them named (some by her), and each one a different aesthetic experience.
Revenue in the fourth quarter was $1.47 billion, up 15 percent compared with the same quarter a year ago.
The Trump administration has imposed visa sanctions against four countries that have refused to take back citizens who were convicted of crimes in the United States and ordered deported, officials said on Wednesday.
As the Mets were deciding between Montero and Lugo for the final spot in the bullpen last week, Lugo reported the tightness in his elbow.
Representative Dave Trott of Michigan is considering retiring, and another Michigan Republican, Fred Upton, may retire or run for the Senate, according to multiple party officials.
In 2007, the Philippines ratified the Second Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, committing itself under international law to renounce capital punishment.
The stakes are particularly high for Texas: As a result of previous court rulings, the state could be forced to undergo federal oversight of its election procedures.
Despite its ties to the talent-laden islands, baseball remains a niche sport in the Netherlands, where soccer is by far the most popular, followed by cycling, field hockey, speed skating and volleyball.
It was illegal.” Walking into a nearby subway station, Cristina Juana, a 38-year-old social worker, agreed.
Perhaps emboldened by this measure of success, and by increasing repression of the internet in other Southeast Asian states , the authorities want to go further still.
When he finally won approval to rezone 20 acres, it was 2005 and near the peak of the real estate bubble.
The article explained this in the context of byzantine palace intrigue: Bannon, after butting heads with Kushner, was rumored to be planting negative articles about him in Breitbart, but Kushner’s allies caught on and complained to Trump, who ordered Bannon to stop the fighting.
A case was opened over Clarín’s 1976 purchase, with two other newspapers, of the country’s main newsprint manufacturer, Papel Prensa.
Through six holes, he was 10 strokes off the lead, and that was with the benefit of the day’s best weather.
“The week after you win your first major is a blur, and then it all catches up with you, and you get tired and cranky.” As easy as the back nine felt to Kang on the Sunday she won the P.G.A., that is how hard the back nine at Trump National felt to her the day before the scheduled start of the Open.
She added: “All I’ve known all my life is great American players, so it’s great to see this resurgence, and I hope it can continue.” Stephens defeated Williams in their only previous match, in the first round of the 2015 French Open — a loss Williams seemed to have erased from her memory.
A recent Times article reports, Kenya will now punish with up to four years in jail anyone making, selling or importing plastic bags, putting in place one of the world’s toughest bans on the ubiquitous item that is blamed for clogging oceans and killing marine life.
Applications for the position of artistic director are being accepted until 5 p.m. on Monday, April 24, according to the theater’s website .
On Thursday, shortly after the Jets picked Adams, Coach Todd Bowles described him as an “alpha dog” and someone who could immediately be a team leader.
Which is to say, by memory as it actually is and not as a neat, banal narrative or a huge baroque melodrama.
Days later, after an article in The Daily Caller revealed that the Flynn Intel Group had a contract with Inovo, a Trump campaign lawyer held a conference call with members of the Flynn Intel Group, according to one person with knowledge of the call.
Inspired by the Irish playwright John Millington Synge’s “Playboy of the Western World,” Mr. Brosnan conjures a Bible-thumpin’, biker-beatin’ hellhole of perverted preachers and leather-vested louts.
Joshua Bell is the violin soloist in Bernstein’s “Serenade,” and the mezzo-soprano Kelley O’Connor intones words from the Hebrew Book of Lamentations in the Symphony No.
Many of us who run have been told at various times that we should shorten our strides in order to run faster, or maybe lengthen them, and perhaps aim for a cadence above 160 steps per minute.
Our white male founder has never been convicted of sexual assault, though he’s been accused twice.
“He made it very clear that to do well in his lab, which everyone was telling me was a good idea, it was not possible to have only a professional relationship with him.
The announcement came as his wife, Cookie Johnson, was two months pregnant with their first child, Earvin Johnson III.
A Queens lawyer was sentenced on Thursday to one to three years in prison for stealing nearly $600,000 from the estate of a client , including profits from the sale of the Slave Theater in Brooklyn, a landmark of New York City’s civil rights movement.
At the Senate level, beyond Mississippi and Nevada, there are scant opportunities for Mr. Bannon to pursue incumbent Republican senators.
In June four prisoners escaped from Kerobokan Prison after they tunneled under its outer wall.
The soldier’s parents, Khizr and Ghazala Khan, appeared at the Democratic National Convention in 2016, where Mr. Khan criticized Mr. Trump.
Michelle Goldberg , Nick Kristof , Harry Litman , David French , Norman Eisen, Noah Bookbinder, Barry Berke and the editorial board all offer their takes on the Mueller news.
Game 1 is Wednesday in St. Paul.
In less than a month, Turkish voters will be asked in a referendum whether to hand Mr. Erdogan even more sweeping authority.
Having recently completed a round trip from Newark to San Francisco on United, I wasn’t all that surprised that United appeared to be weathering the storm.
How good a publicist is Mr. Goldstone?
President Trump’s push to “buy American” has been a key initiative of his administration, and Mr. Trump speaks frequently about ensuring that the federal government is buying American products.
Researching these kinds of plays is a continual revelation of my own American naïveté.
The Anglican Communion has a similar position, while some other Christian denominations do allow truly gluten-free bread.
Ten-year-old Raquel Rosete was walking on the sidewalk.
After giving birth to three of their own, she pitched the idea of becoming foster parents to Ted, who was running a masonry business.
Thousands of Russians lined up in cities across their country on Saturday to present letters of protest at government offices, the second widespread show of public discontent in two months.
His shoe experience led to another early inspiration: using shoe skins — cobra, alligator, lizard — to make distinctive coverings for bracelets.
The Defense Department said on Wednesday that its investigation of the American airstrike on a mosque complex near Aleppo, Syria, in March found that it was legal and appropriate, and that it resulted in one possible civilian casualty, not dozens as human rights groups had asserted.
In the end, “Nafta did not cause the huge job losses feared by the critics or the large economic gains predicted by supporters,” the Congressional Research Service concluded in 2015.
Along with his allegiance to Mr. Xi, Mr. Wang’s diverse achievements — including as deputy prime minister, mayor of Beijing and one of the government’s top financial firefighters — have fueled talk that Mr. Xi may want to install him as prime minister, shunting aside Li Keqiang , who was not Mr. Xi’s pick for the job.
But it’s only a matter of time before their services are no longer needed.
“I’m still in a bit of a haze,” Mr. Mac said.
Proponents say the growth of electric cars, when combined with the surge in renewable energy sources, like solar and wind, could lead to big reductions in emissions over time.
Unlike newer parts of town, Beacon Hill homes had spacious lots with mature trees, and the street traffic was minimal because there was only one access road into the area.
He sits in the dining room or Oval Office stewing over the Russia inquiry that Mr. Comey was managing, arguing to anyone who will listen that the matter is all a Democratic-inspired conspiracy to undermine the validity of his victory.
In a less topical vein, we have the agonies of the lovely MwE, who at 26 is approaching her sell-by date and who receives us in a suspended cocoon chair in her special downtime room.
An eat-in kitchen with a black-and-white tile floor has its original cabinets, but updated stainless-steel appliances, and connects to a walk-in pantry and formal dining room.
Did somebody already wear it?” Because I don’t want her to be on the “Who Wore It Better” list.
Half a dozen beaches are within a five-minute drive; the closest is Reduit Beach.
It’s meant to be a tool for athletes to use.”
It’s been a dark couple of days for transportation in the U.S. An Amtrak passenger train on a new high-speed route derailed on a highway overpass in Washington State .
Requiring consent might not seem like a big deal.
The Lebanese-based Hezbollah militia , which guaranteed safe passage to more than 600 Islamic State armed fighters and their family members claimed that American warplanes were not only blocking the convoy from reaching its destination on the Iraq border in eastern Syria, but were also preventing the resupply of food and water, according to the website of the Hezbollah-controlled television station Al Manar.
Some distant church bells start ringing, and with warm sound and smooth legato phrasing, Gobbi sings a gentlemanly line that complements the bells.
But there were some bumps.
[ The Guardian ] • Pushback from Congress and cabinet officials appears to have prompted the Trump White House to back off its consideration of reopening C.I.A.
The 10-year Trojan War was fought to protect the honor of one Greek king, whose wife, Helen, had been stolen by — or had run off with — a Trojan prince.
Here are some of the most talked-about sketches of the season, including a couple of favorites that have nothing to do with partisan politics.
The interaction didn’t seem to trigger concern from Mr. Cobb and his dining partner.
“There isn’t a filter to make me look 25, but that’s O.K.
The current funding bill expires on April 28, and the government faces an October deadline to determine 2018 funding.
Basic staples, though, were unusually good: fragrant lemon rice; thair pachadi, a South Indian raita with mustard seeds and okra; and the dal of black lentils with an uncommonly fresh taste (from ginger, green chiles and cilantro) under the cream and butter.
In recent weeks, the Iraqi government recaptured the eastern part of Mosul, a major victory against the Islamic State in Iraq.
We will continue to be pointed in our criticism as long as our elected leaders ignore a threat that plagued us in 2016 — and surely will again in 2018 and 2020 absent a concerted strategy to address it.
Estimates of casualties made by the authorities in Sana, dominated by the Houthi rebels who are fighting the Saudis, were even higher, putting the toll at 71 dead or wounded from at least three airstrikes around the capital.
Ms. Lee said that, just as shortages after World War II drove the development of fossil fuel-based materials like Lycra and polyester, the prospect of limits on natural fibers and leather are pushing the fashion industry to find alternatives.
His partner used her fingers to put pressure on the wound.
When he filed a public-records request about them, the government’s form response indicated that these orders had never been filled, but Aroche was skeptical, given the mounting evidence that Moreno Valle’s administration had begun using its security apparatus for political purposes.
Sometimes this means using attacks on Jews to attract Jewish immigration to Israel.
The houses have double front doors, some arched with wrought-iron detail, and attached one-car garages.
“It’s a constant movement until the last minute,” she noted.
Such a paean to the riches of everyday life.
“Full-l-l-l-l body wax,” said Mr. Costanzo, describing the three-hour procedure to become a pharaoh who bares all.” With the exception of one miserable year of high school in his hometown, Durham, N.C., Mr. Costanzo has been in New York since he was 11.
It wasn’t until I reached the United States, at 18, and fell in love with an American man that I truly had to rearrange my cultural notions.
California Today goes live at 6 a.m. Pacific time weekdays.
The bigger cost derives from how women’s ideas are discounted and their talent ignored.
During my tenure as director of the Lincoln Center Festival, from 1994 to 1998, I got to know Harvey better.
(I scored pretty low on hand-eye coordination; my clip looked like a Muppet hostage video.)
Vice President Mike Pence has been courting scores of the country’s most influential donors, corporate executives and conservative political leaders over the past several months in a series of private gatherings and one-on-one conversations.
When Steven Spielberg met Daniel Pearl, the “Chain Saw” director of photography, on the set of “1941,” he stopped shooting and asked how that shot was pulled off.
An unsigned title for Mr. Meo’s Maxima was found next to the car.
“But my greatest compassion will be for our own struggling citizens.” He added, “We are going to have an immigration system that works, but one that works for the American people.” Many of my colleagues in the academic community — and many of the elite opinion-makers in the news media — recoil when they hear that immigration should serve the interests of Americans.
JW: Yeah, it was really sweet.
A Spanish failure would be perceived as a European one, just as Brussels feels that the bloc is regaining some of its confidence.
“You ready to make some maqluba?” she asked.
The dog in this episode is not listed in the credits.
The union has also forged close alliances with local black pastors and community leaders, whose mantra has been that the ability to form a union is a civil right.
In desperation, he parceled out patronage.
You turned 50 in June.
(“I’m a rich excuse for a father.
Mr. Corallo worked in the Justice Department under President George W. Bush when Mr. Mueller was F.B.I.
“The governor told me to say that.” The position of lieutenant governor was created to ensure a smooth transition of state leadership when the elected governor is traveling, is removed from office, or is otherwise unable to fulfill the duties.
Social media companies operating in Germany face fines of as much as $57 million if they do not delete illegal, racist or slanderous comments and posts within 24 hours under a law passed on Friday.
There have been so many financial scandals perpetrated by Wall Street bankers, traders and executives in the past decade that it’s hard to keep up.
He saw the end of a career-long streak of 251 regular season passes without an interception but he easily outdueled Wilson, who completed just 14 of 27 passes for 158 yards.
What is Mr. Comey concerned about?
The London-born Ajayi wasn’t drafted until the fifth round in 2015 because of a knee issue, but he has averaged 18 carries a game the past two seasons and has made 19 consecutive starts.
During the first half of the 20th century, the number of entries naturally increased with improved understanding of science, and many countries began tabulating not just causes of deaths but also the incidence of diseases.
The latter was the case with this puzzle; I had several phrases ending with WINGS, BRATS, and DOGS to choose from, but still needed one more fun food-themed entry to throw into and onto my “Barbie” crossword.
The question is: ‘Is it going to happen?
For years he’s been crisscrossing the Southwest in his 1976 Ford Ranger, going from job to job.
But though I had been quite content to give an hour of my time to its contemplation, the logical conclusion, after the last chord, seemed to be to withhold all applause.
That is the case with the Penn Wharton model, which finds that the House bill would lose between $1 trillion and $1.7 trillion over a decade in revenue, after accounting for growth, depending on various assumptions about the flow of investment dollars in the global economy and the growth-stoking power of tax cuts.
In a letter to employees on Wednesday, ESPN’s president, John Skipper, acknowledged the “difficult decisions” ahead and suggested what the network was looking for as it reshapes itself.
With Mr. Trump now ensconced in the Oval Office and Mr. Bannon, his chief strategist, right down the hall, it is hardly in dispute who won the fight for control of the Republican Party.
She explained that while there are photography books that feature black men and women photographers, nothing is solely devoted to black women.
As an Ahmadi Muslim, I will continue to categorically condemn these attacks.
Platypuses, which still lay eggs, belong to the oldest; their ancestors split off from those of other living mammals roughly 170 million years ago.
“It’s been a slow project for a lot of reasons,” Mr. Abernethy said.
In his mind, there are always more details to address, more small steps to take before anything resembling a championship mentality can take hold in Chicago.
Also, Indonesian chicken soup with noodles .
I like scents from nature, like evergreen.
Shannon unclipped the barrette in her hair and tilted her head forward, revealing a bald spot the size of a silver dollar.
He would either have to voluntarily resign his seat, or two-thirds of his Senate colleagues — including at least 15 Democrats — would have to vote to expel him.
I — who, after reviewing records of the baby’s brain activity, conceded that the baby’s brain was more damaged than he had known; that the baby was in the terminal stage of his illness; and that “it is very unlikely that he will improve” even if the therapy were administered.
It may be that baseball’s stars are more easily persuaded to participate in the home run derby because the contest requires little practice and, unlike the dunk contest’s reliance on judging, is decided by a simple, objective standard — how many baseballs are knocked over the wall.
Kurdistan is all alone in a dangerous neighborhood.
When we saw these incredible rock faces in the Potosi department of Bolivia, we decided we’d have to stop to climb them.
“We decided we had to position the country, not the airline,” Mr. Trout told The New York Times in 1976 .
(Poker is not a sport; it is a game.)
That doesn’t mean it can’t be a classic work and has been around for decades — just that it should be a fresh experience for you .
She honed her skills early on through regular bookings at small clubs throughout New York City, and at shows like this free performance at Coffey Park in Red Hook, Brooklyn, she is a commanding presence.
About one million Rohingya live in Rakhine State in the west of the country.
The wealth management unit later issued another loan for the Chicago project that is valued at $25 million to $50 million.
The bay itself has also been revived.
But the celebration of self-sacrifice as an atonement for another’s guilt is characteristically Wagner’s — a theme that will recur powerfully in the “Ring” cycle, which ends with Brünnhilde breaking the curse of the Nibelung gold by immolating herself, riding her horse into Siegfried’s funeral pyre.
The only one she had ever taken before was the antibiotic — years earlier, when she had her wisdom teeth removed.
The problem is that states depend more heavily on income taxes, and local governments on property taxes, so the compromise favors raising funds at the local level.
“Yes, Harvard the school.” “He got scholarship to go?” Mrs. T said, more statement than question.
But there was no one like her and there still isn’t.
The forceful Saudi tone signaled a new aggressiveness by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who consolidated power at home with a series of high-profile arrests over the weekend.
The atmosphere is all vacation.
Six Flags Over Texas , for example, offers $20 off the gate price of $74.99 with a three-day advance online purchase.
Through him I was meeting a more politically committed circle.
But real tone deafness — amusia, the inability to recognize or reproduce musical tones— is rare, she added.
This is simply because the Affordable Care Act is, at its core, a conservative law.
Mr. Berensohn was an early proponent of deep ecology, an environmental movement that values all living beings equally, and he became more vocal about environmental issues as he grew older.
“Whether he follows through on his threat or not, he sends out an unmistakable message to every broadcast outlet in the country: Watch what you say — or else,” Mr. Feldstein said.
In this year’s Editorial Cartoon Contest, more than 800 students submitted cartoons on issues that matter to them — from immigration and gun violence to Harvey Weinstein and standardized testing.
“A Futile and Stupid Gesture” is a movie title born of a phrase well known to devotees of the 1978 comedy milestone “National Lampoon’s Animal House.” It was coined by Doug Kenney, a comedy wunderkind with a genuinely unusual personality who was one of the movie’s screenwriters and a founding editor at National Lampoon.
I never erase things completely, because they might be repurposed later.
declined to change its rule on the national anthem, about two dozen players protested around the league.
I will laugh it off and die if I am sentenced to death tomorrow,” she said, according to The Japan Times .
Starved, injured and traumatized, civilians in Mosul made their way to humanitarian camps as government forces wrested the last pockets of the Iraqi city from Islamic State militants.
In 2009, allegations of fraud led to street protests that rocked the country for months.
“Which one smells more like the first female president?” she said.
“Because the water around your neighborhood is already too clean for anybody’s good?” Mr. Famiglietti did not respond to a message left at his place of business.
Appearing in public for the first time since he resigned over the case, Mr. Winterkorn, who worked at the company for more than 35 years, contended, as he has all along, that he had not been aware of any wrongdoing.
Now, anyone questioning Mr. Trump’s legitimacy will be accused of being unpatriotic — because that’s what people on the right always say about anyone who criticizes a Republican president.
Other films in competition this year are “In the Fade,” by the German director Fatih Akin; “Radiance,” by the Japanese director Naomi Kawase; “The Day After,” by the Korean director Hong Sang-soo; “Jupiter’s Moon,” by the Hungarian director Kornel Mundruczo; and “A Gentle Creature,” by the Ukrainian director Sergei Loznitsa.
The shoes, a gift for her daughter, had come from Macy’s website, but Ms. Mezzacappa visited the Galleria at White Plains to return them in person.
My mother (a tireless walker with perfectly normal feet) was born with a clubfoot.
(The department’s inspector general is investigating what actually happened , because Mnuchin repeatedly claimed to have such an analysis in hand.)
“They told me I was a disgrace, that I should kill myself,” he said.
“Cuomo and the Albany leaders have created their own problem by abdicating their responsibility,” he said, adding that property taxes had driven away residents and businesses.
At the Saint Laurent atelier in Paris, a seamstress spoke of Mr. Bergé’s unstinting financial help to terminally ill colleagues, but another woman employed there called him a “misogynist” who promoted only men to the higher rungs.
Mr. Narinedatt was living in No.
“I’ll tell you, the more — I just stayed awake last night thinking about this thing — the more I think of it ... it looks like to me we’re getting into another Korea,” he said in a voice of foreboding.
Littlefinger wasn’t born bad — at least that’s the theory of the man who plays him, Aidan Gillen.
“He can now show what leadership means.” He is also benefiting from nearly constant news media coverage on the issue.
supporters who were headed toward Democratic Alliance marchers, and clashes between rival protesters were reported elsewhere in the country.
Asked how he would pay for such programs, he cited other projects that could be jettisoned, including Mr. de Blasio’s proposed $2.5 billion streetcar along the Brooklyn-Queens waterfront and billions for new jails that the mayor has said would need to be built should Rikers Island be closed.
But through all my experiences, I just don’t think about it anymore.
Like nearly everyone else inside the building, Williams turned into a mere spectator as Theo Pinson, a junior swingman, pushed the ball upcourt, into the teeth of Kentucky’s defense, before tossing the ball outside to the sophomore forward Luke Maye, who set his feet and released an 18-foot jumper: swish.
In short, in a mixed-bag life of almost a century, Mr. Sigal had enough rambunctious experiences to fill a novel — or, in his case, several of them.
— Read through this Times article , which curates reactions from conservative, liberal and middle-of-the-road political writers.
He gave no statement citing a policy or legal issue affecting his decision to refuse the resignation order.
“However, our enemies continuously seek to use our generosity against us, and the president has a duty to protect the American people first.” On Twitter, Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, Republican of Florida, supported the inclusion of Venezuela in the new policy, saying in Spanish that it was correct to block officials of the “corrupt Maduro regime” and their families from making shopping trips to the United States or patronizing Disney amusement parks.
A spokeswoman for Barnes & Noble said that the chain would display “Killing England” prominently in its stores, and that the company was “treating it like all best-selling books.” A spokeswoman for Holt said the company had a national media and advertising strategy for the title.
Mexican journalists who were in Houston for the game and interacted with the executive — Martin Mauricio Ortega, then with the tabloid La Prensa — said he had brought N.F.L.
But those in the town who support the program have often been drowned out by the relatively smaller, but louder, group of activists who oppose it.
• The British coat of arms used by the Trump Organization belongs to another family .
Meanwhile, the Indians had a team E.R.A.
“But if I would take home a book he would lend me, and recite the coin’s history on my next visit, he would sell it to me.” He graduated in 1928 from John Burroughs, a private preparatory school in suburban St. Louis, and from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a bachelor of science degree in 1932.
The lead detective on the case worked out of the 75th Police Precinct in Brooklyn.
“Iranian food is delicious,” she said.
Veneto, the northeast region that includes Venice, is voting in a similar poll the same day.
Previous fellowship recipients have included the MacArthur-award-winning puppeteer Basil Twist, the musician Suzanne Vega and the documentary filmmaker Frederick Wiseman, whose project led to the recently staged “ Titicut Follies: The Ballet ” at N.Y.U.’s Skirball Center for the Performing Arts.
The second, a 2015 article, focuses on how nature changes the brain and can help improve mood.
Whatever the case, every summer, they come by the thousands.
may need to strategize toward not only a broad corps of teaching artists, but also a more thoroughly inclusive student body.
The stories about her immense willpower and strength are legendary in the track world.
Tom Cairns, the librettist, directs this tale of a dinner party that proves inescapable, with a cast that includes Sally Matthews, Sophie Bevan, Alice Coote, Audrey Luna, Iestyn Davies, Joseph Kaiser, Rod Gilfry and John Tomlinson.
With dhal puri, the well-seasoned split-pea filling, which provides the flavor, is just as important as supple dough.
That response has, in every case, been the worst possible.
BELK BOWL John Wolford threw for 400 yards and four touchdowns, and Matt Colburn ran for 150 yards and the go-ahead score in Wake Forest’s 55-52 victory over Texas A&M in Charlotte, N.C.
8 p.m. [Free] • The Split Screens festival offers screenings and talks with television actors and producers at the IFC Center in the West Village.
He has publicly savaged Democrats and Republicans who stand up to him.
Of the 160 Edgewater residential properties advertised for sale on the New Jersey Multiple Listing Service website as of Tuesday, only six were single-family houses.
Apparel companies could be among the most vulnerable if corporate taxes rise for importers of goods from all over the world, since many of the clothes sold in the United States come from China or Bangladesh.
Some businesses south of the bridge were open for at least some portion of the time when the bridge was closed.
Watson is part of that — IBM has invested billions of dollars in the A.I.
Ms. Tenaglia’s camera lends a polished veneer as food authorities like Ruth Reichl , Mario Batali, Wolfgang Puck and Martha Stewart attest to Mr. Tower’s gifts, with Anthony Bourdain , one of the film’s producers, especially forceful.
Trees, the oldest of which, according to Peter Wohlleben’s “The Hidden Life of Trees,” has 9,500 years, are a critical part of the human experience.
And it was far too big.
Mr. Peduto, a third-generation Pittsburgher, has perhaps had the most noticeable change of heart.
Such efforts do pay off.
The people who become leaders are not just creative themselves, but they create circumstances for others to be creative.
It twirled through the hoop.
South Sudan became the world’s newest nation in 2011, when it declared its independence after five decades of guerrilla warfare and the loss of two million lives.
The case against Mr. Rato and his former colleagues for mismanaging Bankia and misstating its accounts began shortly after the bank’s bailout.
“We’re a community that’s growing.
And I’ve said, and I mean it, anyone can put together a plan that is demonstrably better than the improvements we’ve made to our health care system, that covers as many people at less cost, I will publicly support it.
Her family was granted political asylum in the U.S., after fleeing Mexico, but they still fear being targeted by the cartels.)
The exact circumstances of the ambush were still emerging Saturday evening as Egyptian officials scrambled to secure the remote area in Giza Province.
It was organophosphate, not organic phosphate.
said other real-life figures, among them Roman Polanski, fed into the Allen-esque character, too.)
THE TIGER HUNTER An Indian tiger hunter’s son (Danny Pudi, from “Community”), having emigrated to Chicago, puts on a charade to pretend he’s more successful than he is when the woman he loves pays a visit.
So we all can have a seat at the table.
“The new platforms amplify the way people already do things.
The trial was backed by a small company with just a handful of employees, many of whom had invested their lives, and their life savings, in the company.
Two African-American lawmakers — Representative John Lewis, a Georgia Democrat and a civil-rights leader, and Senator Cory Booker, Democrat of New Jersey — are also scheduled to testify.
It’s almost musical: There’s a rise and fall, a crescendo, and if it’s staying up there, you don’t need me.
It started out as a documentary, and then it turned into a feature film.
Neither of those assumptions is ironclad.
Then there were the blue dresses: on Sally Field and Rachel Bay Jones, both in Christian Siriano, and on Kate Baldwin as well.
Walt Disney World’s FastPass+ feature, for example, allows visitors to reserve an arrival window for certain attractions as early as 30 days before you get there, or up to 60 days before check-in if you’re staying at a Walt Disney World Resort hotel.
American officials were pushing for an acknowledgment that if the United States stayed in the Paris agreement, it would be allowed to lower the emission-reduction targets that the Obama administration had signed on to, according to people briefed on the negotiations.
(Last year’s cut was 3-under par.)
Sessions, the president ensured, at the very least, that there would be a raucous Republican primary in a turbulent red state.
He had not been able to see the body or bury his son.
Andrew M. Cuomo cast blame on the state comptroller for not catching the false titles, but also said that any discussion of reforming the lulu system should account for the lawmakers’ $79,500 salary.
You probably know better than I, since you just wrote a good piece on Amazon .
“The orders to his troops were simple,” the article said.
“Flat tube?” sounds like an oxymoron, but it’s not if you remember that the British word for television is “tube.” So a flat one would be an LCDTV.
I think revenge is probably the one we need to watch out for most,” he said of prosecutors’ responsibility.
A satirical short film by French artists imagined what would happen (armed robberies?)
Ms. Jackson worked her first harvest cleaning tanks and filters in a cellar.
Until late Wednesday, his only public comments were to instruct New Jersey Transit executives to travel personally to stations on Thursday to address commuters’ concerns.
The clue, “Bleeping government org.
But the board ruled that his current state of incompetence was not sufficient proof that he was also mentally unfit when he filed late years ago.
“I would have loved to have sung a lot of the heavier repertoire,” she said.
Romantics can check out our latest Modern Love podcast or revisit one of the column’s perennially most-popular entries: “ The 36 Questions That Lead to Love .” Those on the verge of a permanent pairing might want to also consult “ 13 Questions to Ask Before Getting Married .” Our “Committed” series explores the 165-year history of wedding announcements in The New York Times, with updates on noteworthy couples like the Gibbses, one of the first African-American pairs featured.
They traveled without United Nations escorts, often going into areas that are no-go zones for United Nations employees.
“A pain in the ass,” his father said.
A spirited early self-portrait on display at Oxford shows Ms. Ryggen’s considerable skill as a painter.
Maybe these strange bedfellows aren’t so strange.
The question is whether his administration will get it right.
They say what the audience often feels.” For this, they didn’t go unnoticed — Brennan won three Best Supporting Actor Oscars from 1936 to 1940, a feat no actor has since matched.
We vie as individuals and as members of our class for prestige, distinction and, above all, the power of consecration — the power to define for society what is right, what is “natural,” what is “best.” The symbolic marketplace is like the commercial marketplace; it’s a billion small bids for distinction, prestige, attention and superiority.
The Supreme Court struggled to decide on Monday whether criminal defendants who may be mentally ill are entitled to independent expert witnesses to help defend them, or whether court-appointed experts who report to both the prosecution and the defense are sufficient.
I act without thinking; I automatically grab bottles of Diet Coke as I wheel my cart by.
But there’s not much cooking really involved.
In contrast, the painter Nicole Eisenman and the artist-activist A. L. Steiner (founders of the curatorial collective Ridykeulous ) turned their back-and-forth into a terse, often sarcastic timeline of the campaign, the election and its aftermath, finessing the ban on language by posting pertinent screen-swipes from Twitter.
“The coalition, we are not party to this agreement between Lebanese Hezbollah and ISIS,” Colonel Dillon said.
His latest, “The Federal Judiciary,” a wide-ranging critique, was published soon before he announced he was stepping down from the bench.
Greenland is now losing an average of 303 billion tons of ice a year.
Drug dealers were arrested or pushed indoors or out of the neighborhood.
Here are the week’s top stories, and a look ahead.
They were all watching, from home or from holiday, as their country proved its soccer resources run so deep, so wide, that it can triumph without them.
“I was always fascinated with her and thought that someday I would do something about her.
“We can’t let the current state of things prevent us from doing our jobs, which is to solve real problems in people’s lives,” Mr. Marcus, the head of Messenger at Facebook, said.
He did it after they told him not to.
— Are there any actions that this administration has taken so far that especially interest, alarm or please you?
He said he believed the season had spiraled away during the same period in late December in which he went on a West Coast trip, leaving him unable to stop it.
He had been the top political officer of the North’s People’s Army and chief of its general staff, as well as its minister of armed forces.
But Mr. Babis has suggested abolishing the Czech Senate and trimming the lower house of Parliament, moves that would strengthen the executive branch.
In “First Blood,” the inaugural Rambo film, the protagonist, John Rambo, flashes back to “those maggots at the airport, spittin’, callin’ us baby killers and all kinds of vile crap.” The series supported the idea that decisions in Washington had hamstrung military operations.
The American strike that killed him took place on March 19 in Paktika Province, an area where many of Pakistani Taliban operatives have operated after slipping across the border in advance of the Pakistani Army’s offensive in North Waziristan in 2014.
Instead, for days — because he, too, apparently sees himself as one of Donald Trump’s assistants — Mr. Ryan continued to back Mr. Nunes.
Arriving in 1942, she made her film debut as “girl at party” in a 1943 courtroom comedy, “Gildersleeve’s Bad Day,” the second in a series of movies based on the popular radio series “The Great Gildersleeve.” Her first credited role came later that year, in “Higher and Higher,” a musical comedy with a cast that also included Frank Sinatra.
In a letter to a friend, Highsmith noted some personal overlap with her protagonist: He “gets life a little mixed up with his plots.
may be associated with flashy futurism, Paglen wants to remind us that one thriving branch of the technology — machine-to-machine image-making — is very much part of day-to-day society.
The same red line must apply to any proof that North Korea has transferred nuclear weapons to another state or nonstate actor.
Within Mr. Trump’s inner circle, Mr. Flynn appears to have been the primary interlocutor with the Russian envoy.
“There’s a lot of Power Dust in that,” she said, pointing to the coffee.
“I thought surrealism was a Belgian invention,” said Guy Verhofstadt, a former prime minister of Belgium who is now the European Parliament’s chief coordinator on Britain’s exit from the bloc.
Her doctor prescribed antibiotics, steroids and an inhaler.
Carnegie Hall’s subterranean chamber music hall hosts a veritable summit of new music.
There’s also a noticeable emphasis on recreation and sports in the photos, creating the impression that everyone in the camp is enjoying an endless summer vacation.
The equal treatment of all people is one of our nation’s bedrock principles.
Gillibrand, Driver and others want to blur such distinctions, on the theory that we need a zero-tolerance approach.
Still, the movie falls into “a banal, formulaic pastiche,” Stephen Holden wrote in The Times.
Future relations can be negotiated only after the terms of the exit have been agreed upon, Ms. Merkel told Germany’s Parliament on Thursday.
It’s very particular to Messiaen.
But Americans tend to outgrow the flavor, and I guess I thought I had, too.
“I’m not hard to please.
It has since provided data for a smaller loan sale for another lender, Credibility Capital, and signed up with a dozen other lenders to broker loan auctions as well as private placements and two other types of transactions — “forward flow” agreements and credit facilities — in which investors provide funds to lenders for future loans.
So, no, the new Autavia is not the latest smartwatch.
ABACUS: SMALL ENOUGH TO JAIL Steve James (“Hoop Dreams”) follows the legal travails of Abacus Federal Savings Bank, a pillar of the immigrant community in Chinatown, that was charged in 2012 with mortgage fraud.
That step would allow Mr. Trump to evade congressional demands that his pick make assurances about the Russia investigation as a condition of confirmation, said Stephen Vladeck , a University of Texas at Austin law professor.
President Trump arrived in Asia a wounded leader with low ratings at home and a stalled legislative agenda, the Editorial Board wrote .
“He’s more of a bull in a china shop.” And what about charges that the bull is trampling the Constitution?
Dr. Pilny prospected a bit inside Spot’s skull.
The average ticket price for some of them was $938.
In July, he is set to wed Angela Akins, whom he met when she was an on-air reporter for Golf Channel.
Whether you’re writing about diversity or a legal thriller, you have to put in the work.” Still, Thomas has found some audiences more receptive than others — a fact that led her to young adult literature in the first place.
SHERRY S. CHAN, NEW YORK The writer is chief actuary for New York City.
As our diagnostic capacities regarding dementia increase, more and more people face this distressing news.
On stage at a recent conference, Mr. Spiegel said that he needed to do a better job communicating with investors.
Seven of the Fitzgerald’s crew were killed and several were injured, including the ship’s commanding officer, Cmdr.
Had any of these events foiled Lenin, our own times would be radically different.
THE WORDS THAT BUILT AMERICA 7 p.m. on HBO.
seriously, and campaigns by a global network of people living with H.I.V.
Later, pointing at prosecutors, he said, “These people want the emails to say things and stand for things that they don’t.” And then Mr. Ogrosky ratcheted up his argument.
But after the college’s president, Billy C. Hawkins, appeared Thursday on “The O’Reilly Factor” on Fox News, describing how their choice had been criticized by many, donations from the show’s largely conservative audience flooded in.
“We do a lot of tunneling work for the subway, so that material goes into reclamation,” he said.
He was weaned from the ventilator in North Korea, though; he was not using it when he was returned.
It is not known exactly how much Swift, based in Phoenix, earns from the government; it is a subcontractor and its government business is not logged in any public, federal contracting database online.
Even as Juan Morales, the public safety director for Isabela, managed a mandatory evacuation of low-lying areas, he sought to calm tensions.
While he is more sanguine about the economy’s prospects than Ms. Pomboy is, Mr. Anderson shares her skepticism about the impact White House policy will have.
We traveled primarily by car.
Midway through the news conference on Monday, an alarm blared through the firehouse with a report of smoke in a nearby building, halting the presentation and sending firefighters hustling outside.
Mr. Rios Escobar helps them develop their stories, teaching them how to develop a visual narrative as well as researching topics.
Somehow many of the male names don’t convey either the romance or the urgency that circumstances might warrant.” For all the scoffing, though, Ms. Bolton’s crusade might actually have helped save lives.
How can your students join in?
Ms. Brown was convicted in May on 18 criminal counts, including mail and wire fraud and filing false tax returns.
At the time, the signed sketch sold for less than $100.
Nowhere is that more evident than in Syria.
Hundreds of families were affected by Hurricane Sandy, and so I had to work under pressure, under a serious devastation in getting my constituents food, water, clothing.
In court documents released on Monday, federal investigators said they suspected that Russian intelligence services had used intermediaries to contact Mr. Papadopoulos to gain influence with the campaign, offering “dirt” on Mrs. Clinton in April 2016 in the form of “thousands of emails.” Mr. Papadopoulos secretly pleaded guilty weeks ago to lying to the F.B.I.
The film neither satisfies that curiosity nor shares it, which is a justifiable aesthetic decision but also one that raises some mildly uncomfortable questions.
His second offering was a fastball down the middle that Taylor used his strength to power into the basket over the ivy in right field for a grand slam.
Yet, as far as I know, it has not caused a stir.
To the Editor: Re “ A Smarter Minimum Wage ” (Op-Ed, Nov. 18): Jonathan Cowan and Jim Kessler’s argument for a regionally tiered minimum wage is poor policy that would leave too many workers behind.
Then, the third principle, the protester said, was “killing Jews.” The entire class burst into laughter.
Ms. Sparrow has since found salvation in a manic art practice that until recently had her sewing every one of her objects herself.
The development landed on the desk of Investigator Yan Salomon, of the New York State Police.
Another key has been quarterback Jared Goff.
Another finds the Alexandrians preparing dynamite.
We’ll be here to bring you the news of what Mr. Booker, a Democrat, says.
There, they interbred with Neanderthals.
In all, UBS Securities estimates that the government spent $13 billion promoting electric vehicles in 2015 alone.
In May, Kanter made international headlines when he was detained in Romania after the Turkish government canceled his travel documents.
The North also operates hundreds of missiles designed to hit South Korea and United States bases in Japan and beyond to deter American intervention should war break out.
Since the 1960s, populist parties have doubled their average share in European elections and tripled their share of seats in European legislatures, according to a recent paper by the political scientists Ronald Inglehart and Pippa Norris.
That kind of imitation is social learning, say the researchers, the sort of thing more often seen in animals with much bigger brains, like monkeys.
If you can find common ground, she said, “you think in terms of ‘we’ rather than ‘I.’” Simply leaving a cloistered office and spending time with subordinates can shift a leader’s attitude.
Smaller towns and cities, which had fewer benefits from globalization, were more likely to want out.
Mr. Zuckerman met a woman who had moved from New York to Tucson because of her arthritis.
He came to Congress in 2001 and earned a reputation as a scourge against federal spending and earmarks and as a champion of tax cuts.
The chart, “like an objective map to the situation,” pointed to “sexual agony, loneliness and a sense of being homesick,” as part of Mr. Saipov’s motivation, Mr. Coppolino wrote in Planet Waves .
Multiple people and groups since then have claimed responsibility for starting the chant.
“He is so business-friendly — there is a view that whatever happens he will do things that spur economic growth.” Unlike a stock index like the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index, the VIX is not driven by stock prices but by the prices of options to buy or sell the S.&P.
Back in the winter of ’91, it was personal: water cooler talk the next day at work; a frantic phone call, “Oh my God.
Others in the category include Torey Lovullo, 52, who steered the Arizona Diamondbacks to an unlikely playoff berth in his debut last season; and Mickey Callaway, 42, whom the Mets hired in October after his impressive run as the Cleveland Indians’ pitching coach.
At this time of the year, families get together and share presents.
Then it dawned on us that “Slant Rhymes” is a kind of unfinished, elliptical love poem, a metaphor for our long relationship.
Protect important documents and sentimental items like photographs and letters by uploading digital copies of the items or backing them up.
I love Lorna’s work — [“Natural Brown”] is a quiet one, but it came out of my relationship with the artist Wangechi Mutu.
• Lionel Messi extended his contract with Barcelona until 2021, ending speculation that he could be tempted to leave.
Maya Stovall, from Detroit, has contributed videos that document performances outside liquor stores in the down-at-the-heels Motor City.
But he is expected to easily win re-election in 2018 and is considered an important partner to the United States in the region.
Mr. Obiang said the yacht belonged to his country’s government.
And: You do not need to respond with retaliatory tweets at every offense or criticism directed your way, particularly those that have a feeling of authenticity about them.
After resisting legislative limits on guns for years, Republicans signaled that they were open to banning the firearm accessory that Stephen Paddock, the Las Vegas gunman, used to make his rifles mimic automatic-weapon fire.
■ 10D: You can use BITMOJIS on Snapchat, but it’s actually a separate application that allows you to create your own avatar and paste it into texts, Facebook and other forms of mobile communication.
John also left me with two small children, and I was determined to raise them free from the stigma of AIDS.
By now, all of my fellow grunts had either drunken themselves stuporous or had long since been rendered mute by pain.
Recordings obviously can’t do justice to this aspect of his operas, but Ms. Damrau’s new album, nearly an hour and a half of music, has its own lavish exuberance.
“But that was it.” His wife, Jennifer Betts, 40, the president of Innovative Public Relations, was, by his estimation, “pretty cool about it.” “She was definitely, you know, very supportive but it was also like, ‘This isn’t your bachelor party.
That is the beauty of art.” Glen Cove was founded nearly 350 years ago as an agrarian village, and it enjoyed its industrial heyday in the late 19th century.
The event was hosted by Harlem Congregations for Community Improvement, a member agency of FPWA.
We didn’t drink, although more than once we had been caught smoking weed, too naïve to know that we needed to be on the down low about it.
Cleve dedicates himself to creating the Names Project AIDS Memorial Quilt.
Reached by telephone on Monday, Mr. Martins said in response to the accusations, “The company has already addressed it.” Asked if he had anything to add, he said, “At this point, no.” The two organizations have retained a lawyer, Barbara Hoey, to conduct the investigation.
There is a strong sense from investors that Amazon is upending the entire business.
His work history was not completely clear.
He’s the baby in a family of eight brothers and sisters who were raised partly in the African bush, and who told me they also frequently face racism in Australia: A neighbor is trying to get them evicted from their rented townhouse because of all the people coming and going.
Sean Spicer lasted a mere half-year as the White House press secretary, but that was plenty long enough to mortify himself.
Mr. Als, who was a finalist last year, is known for stylish and trenchant prose, and won the honor for a set of 10 pieces that covered works including “The Color Purple” and “Dear Evan Hansen.” American theater, he said in an interview, is an a transitional state.
Above all, here you can catch a glimpse of history as seen through the eyes of a venerable newspaper whose legacy lives on through The International New York Times — and this collection.
“And I think Melissa had a philosophical commitment to democratization that essentially weakened the role of the speaker, and empowered 50 individual council members to bring forth and secure action on their agenda items.” Ms. Wylde said that often made it difficult for organizations like hers to influence legislation.
The administration faces new legal troubles.
Directed by Jeremy Herrin .
Of the roughly 97,000 soldiers and police officers serving on United Nations peacekeeping missions, 74 are American, according to figures released in June .
That might also be said of the bounteous surrounding production that opened on Monday night at the August Wilson Theater, which features songs by Tim Minchin and is directed by Matthew Warchus (collaborators on “ Matilda” ), with a book by Danny Rubin.
During pollination season, the bees are loaded onto a dozen flatbed trucks and nine or 10 tractor-trailers and ferried to work, starting first in the almond orchards in late January, then moving to other California crops like broccoli and avocados.
There is precedent for a pope taking action to preserve the accuracy of Holocaust memory.
And I’m talking about the practical stuff, but if you’re the kind of person for whom a new phone is a status symbol, hey, that’s fine, too.
At 5:57 a.m., an anonymous-looking young man in a black hooded sweatshirt slipped into the Moisès Broggi school building, and word got out that he had brought the ballot boxes, which had been hidden overnight.
The fourth largest city in Italy, it’s distinguished from the others (baroque Rome, wild Naples) by the rigidity of its plan, an inheritance from its origins as a Roman military camp.
The party had not previously emphasized the fight against the Japanese from 1931 to 1937, when Communist forces were in disarray as they fought a civil war with the Nationalists.
But that wasn’t the point.
Really, really smart about how to think both theoretically and practically about our sense of well being and the sense of psychological health and emotional health as connected to the strife that’s going on in this country.
So what we are left with is an agency mandated to ensure transparency and disclosure that is actually working to keep the public in the dark.
“I like imagining better than remembering,” Anne says, always choosing between one and the other.
This was followed by Dorsey’s athletic drive to make it 69-68 Oregon with one minute remaining.
Under the law, 480 million francs will be raised every year from electricity users to finance investment in wind, solar and hydro power.
But the city is full of tennis players the rest of the year, too.
Just as during the tense times of the 2014 election, many fear that the political infighting could fracture the country’s nascent security forces, which are fighting a difficult war against the Taliban.
The company’s chairman at the time, Lee Raymond, joined with other business leaders to try to block American participation in an international climate treaty, the Kyoto Protocol, and made sure that the company contributed generously to politicians who questioned the existence of climate change.
Over the years, defectors from the isolated country have testified to widespread human rights violations there, including what United Nations investigators have determined were extrajudicial executions of political prisoners and others.
The assault in the Afghan capital was the deadliest of several high-profile attacks on Tuesday, including an explosion at a government guesthouse in the southern province of Kandahar that wounded the provincial governor and the visiting ambassador of the United Arab Emirates.
This year, celebrations are in high gear as Kearny marks its 150th anniversary with block parties, musical performances and fireworks displays.
Or at least it hasn’t been.
Javier Tebas, the president of La Liga, the Spanish top division, had previously intimated that the league might refuse to ratify payment of the buyout clause, citing concerns over P.S.G.’s inability to complete the deal and comply with the Financial Fair Play regulations introduced by UEFA, the sport’s governing body in Europe.
But he didn’t deserve to die in the underhanded manner concocted by his queen Cersei and her co-conspirator/cousin/lover, Lancel Lannister: drunk on wine, gored by a boar.
But manufacturers argued against new tests or rules.
Wall Street, which tends to celebrate tax cuts, barely reacted; the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index was down 0.3 percent Friday.
Rebel officials blamed Ukraine for the latest death, of Mikhail Tolstykh, best known by his nom de guerre, Givi.
But I was shocked by the Pew research that only 69 percent of Democratic women and 46 percent of Democratic men wanted to see a female president in their lifetime.
If her book has a fault, it is that it is rather too thoroughly argued.
Art promoted and shored up the hierarchies on which a culture was built.
“We’re on goal for 66 percent over the next 10 years, and then we have to just go farther and farther.” The graduation rates were for students who graduated in June.
But in fact, he had plenty at stake, given that Mr. Comey had said publicly that the bureau was investigating Russia’s meddling in last year’s presidential election and whether any associates of Mr. Trump’s campaign were coordinating with Moscow.
He argues that new species are arriving and evolving faster than old species are dying out globally.
Sarah Ruhl’s play about a troupe of aging siblings flies off to Neverland.
It began with a blog post from a former Uber engineer, Susan Fowler, detailing a history of harassment and discrimination that she said she experienced at the company, and snowballed into allegations of even more widespread bad behavior within Uber.
Representative John Conyers Jr., the 88-year-old Michigan Democrat first elected in 1964, is resisting calls to resign after sexual harassment claims against him.
In the meantime, we’re still in this.” Blake Bortles threw two perfect passes for touchdowns, Jaydon Mickens set up another score with a 72-yard punt return, and Jacksonville beat Seattle.
Höcke’s comments, he said, were “correct in substance but wrong in tone.” Kubitschek has had greater success advancing the “self-dissolution” theme in the meta-political realm.
I see that all the time in my dancers: They do things in class or rehearsal that I didn’t think I’d asked for — and that’s what I work with.
Initially we missed our agreed income-distribution goals.
But once the legislators blew the deadline, Albany fell quiet.
“It was lunchtime; they entered both the mosque and the dining room.” The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack through a spokesman, Zabihullah Mujahid.
The couple, Amanda Bowman and Dr. David Levy, donated the home because they could not sell it for their asking price — which was $8 million at one point — and because Ms.
His songs also understand that no system can contain or predict the vagaries of the human heart.
Dye visited the Giants before the 2014 season, but their doctors discovered a heart condition and wouldn’t sign off on signing him.
My grandmother heard what she wanted from a leader who promised simple answers to complicated questions.
Since then, this concern has grown.
“For her to be able to just stand there and express nothing, just to be present in the moment, is a really powerful statement,” he said.
And above all, find gratitude for the gift of life itself and the opportunities it provides for meaning, for joy, and for love.
At times they’re friendly and persistent, arriving on the scene to poke a nose into the news-gathering operation.
It is we who will Make America Great Again by trying to limit the damage Trump can do to us until he feels the reckoning of the damage he has done to himself.
The busts rest on modern-looking palettes of tile in carved and painted medium-density fiberboard; the standing figures are covering themselves in raggedy yet luxuriant pieces of felted hair and fur.
The action led to chaotic scenes at American airports as human rights advocates, lawyers and the travelers themselves — some aboard flights in midair — tried to figure out what to do.
The Hayden Planetarium is 87 feet in diameter, and its screen is 68 feet in diameter.
They visited friends and family, shopped, and partied.
“It is a total misuse of presidential power,” said Lawrence M. Noble, the general counsel of the Campaign Legal Center and formerly the top lawyer at the Federal Election Commission.
In a sign of the abundance of water, Southern California is no longer drawing from the Colorado River, Mr. Lund said.
“We have no intention whatsoever of integrating those of another race into our family.” The school’s tract of land had been part of a working slave plantation until Emancipation.
After his service, he joined the accounting firm Harris, Kerr, Forster & Company.
Medical societies and hospitals, warning that their insurance premiums would rise and predicting some doctors would leave the state, want a veto.
“There’s a hard freeze.” Scientists, for the most part, are also not being replaced.
“I don’t know many pathologists who haven’t had that occur.” But what about mix-ups that are not so obvious — two lung tissue samples that are switched, or two breast samples?
The filmmakers fold in atmospheric true-to-life details, like the poster for the western film “Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid” (a favorite of the real Mr. Ellsberg) that Daniel and some longhair pals sweep past on their way to illegally copying the Pentagon Papers.
Join @HannahOlivennes on @nytimes Snapchat for a look at Princess Diana’s dress exhibition at Kensington Palace: https://t.co/TpyUzW7ZMB pic.twitter.com/Y11u9RwGDb On Friday, as part of a year of commemorations on the 20th anniversary of her death , an exhibition tracing the evolution of the princess’s style — and featuring some of her most memorable outfits — will open at Kensington Palace, her former home.
“They looked a little crazy sometimes,” Ms. Lawson said, “but people always wondered what they were going to wear next.” The “Bootylicious” touch helped the group stand out.
The band includes the fabulous lead vocalist Herman Olivera and the strong trumpeter Brian Lynch.
In mathematical form, it looks like this: N= R* x ƒp x ne x ƒl x ƒi x ƒc x L N represents the number of extant, communicative civilizations in the Milky Way.
The celebration of Hispanic Heritage Month continues with the 30TH ANNUAL HISPANIC HERITAGE AWARDS at 10 p.m. SKYLANDERS ACADEMY on Netflix .
Because waves of different wavelengths travel at different speeds, long and short waves “fall in” with others of their kind as they travel hundreds or thousands of miles from their source.
“Write me, quickly, please, the morale is wildly fluctuating, I’m always afraid, and I’m pregnant with some strange monster.” Fifty-five years ago last month, The New Yorker published Baldwin’s astonishing essay about the United States teetering on a precipice.
He wanted to find a way for people to “get past their own ego barriers,” as he explained to me in an interview, “to put your honest thoughts on the table, to be able to have thoughtful disagreements” and, he added, “even when disagreements remain, to know how to get past them so that you’re not angry with each other.” At first glance, his principles may not be easy to stomach, especially for those of us accustomed to sugarcoated critiques.
“So clearly the relationship is not always easy,” he said with a laugh.
Two more Charleston portraits will follow: the Rev.
Facing mounting evidence that Puerto Rico has vastly undercounted the number of people who died because of Hurricane Maria, Gov.
Roy Moore’s decisive victory over Luther Strange in the Republican Senate primary runoff on Tuesday in Alabama confirms — as I have reported before — that many Republican voters have a strong sense of white identity , that they harbor high levels of racial resentment and that they sometimes exhibit authoritarian leanings.
I attended The Ohio State University.
Until they were 8, 5 and 3, we lived in London.
Witnesses offered varying descriptions of the fatal encounter.
At the same time, he oversaw a move to the couple’s new house, which they had gutted and remodeled.
In the city, he was used to a flat walk to the subway.
He’s out there in territory he thinks is familiar, which is meeting exaggerated statement with exaggerated statement, convincing the other side that we’re tough, you’re going to fold.” In other words, the magnitude of the challenges that Mr. Trump faces has grown dramatically, but his tone has not.
On Friday, Aug. 25, regular members of the ensemble will be joined by the harpist Jacqueline Kerrod for an evening of musical reveries and meditations.
She had last come here three decades earlier.
But the deal is moving Ikea into the controversy over the “gig economy.” WSJ’s Saabira Chaudhuri and Eliot Brown : By purchasing TaskRabbit, Ikea is risking wading into a legal fray that has vexed Silicon Valley businesses that rely on freelancers.
When Daniel Poston, a second-year medical student in Manhattan, opened the App Store on his iPhone a couple of weeks ago, he was astonished to see an app for a new heart study prominently featured.
Neighbors last week described her as a recluse in her later years, more prone to complain about noisy children than start a conversation.
Mr. Ghesquière, the designer who knows her best, said Ms. Ramsay-Levi “has and will have a voice and a strong point of view in the future of fashion.” Still, Ms. Ramsay-Levi was not on Mr. de la Bourdonnaye’s radar when he first began looking for Ms. Waight Keller’s successor.
But the couple settled there, and after a long apprenticeship, Mr. Golden was named publisher in 1957.
But how to square that with Nir Baram’s conclusion (apparently endorsed by Beckerman) that the conflict is not about “final borders” and there remains “total and irreconcilable difference” between the parties?
Two plays later, Houston quarterback Brock Osweiler found tight end C. J. Fiedorowicz for a 10-yard touchdown strike.
Dr. Modi said that in Britain, the decision to withdraw life support was predicated on three factors: if treatment was “unable or unlikely to result in the child living much longer,” if treatment may prolong life but would cause unacceptable pain and suffering, or if an older child with a life-limiting illness has clearly declined treatment.
An estimated 5 percent of adults in the United States have a food allergy, compared with about 8 percent of children.
Especially in light of the rise of the far right, they want to reclaim their party’s focus on national identity and Leitkultur.
“Were all Americans like this?” he asked himself after his employer and the man’s wife gave him an apartment to live in, furnished it and stocked the refrigerator.
Would the compliance department at Guaranteed Rate — which is in charge of making sure the company abides by all regulations — let him put “rabbi” on his business card at all?
Zangari travels with a toolbox filled with nuts, bolts and screws, and extra tubing, casters and even glass cleaner that can act as a lubricant to help stuck wheels turn.
More recently, in 2012, Mr. Ackman fired the opening salvo in a multiyear war against Herbalife with a three-hour presentation on the vitamin supplements company.
For decades, this part of Crown Heights had been mostly black.
JOANNA NIKAS Rachel Lindsay — America’s first and maybe last black “Bachelorette” — walked away with a ring at the end of the last season, but it was not presented by the American steel-haired ironman heartthrob Peter Kraus and so 7.5 million hearts and brains broke at once.
“Ultimately, Prime Minister Lee and the government have to prevail in the court of public opinion,” said Eugene Tan, an associate law professor at Singapore Management University.
“People would come up to me and say this place will never be anything, just like Massena,” she said.
Now, Mr. Lombardo has added Cindy Lou to his gallery.
Article: The Empathetic Dog Before Reading Watch the short video, below, about a blind runner and her dog, trained by Guiding Eyes for the Blind in Yorktown Heights, New York.
Call for reservations; the secret has long been long out.
“Women have it right,” I said, talking over loud pounding on the nearby kitchen door that apparently had stuck.
Composers may sub out a symphony orchestra for pretaped material or electronically aided arrangements; linear narrative flow is often abandoned for more abstract approaches ; vocalism can encompass speaking, screaming and much else beyond traditional lyricism.
First they built plywood silhouettes of a coyote and a skunk, as well as a plywood oval (to confront the prairie dogs with something foreign), and painted the three shapes black.
“It’s not worth the effort,” he said.
“This was done against my personal judgment, but with the approval of the local consulate officials, for reasons best known to themselves.” Ruth was to fly to New York as soon as transportation could be arranged.
When President Barack Obama contemplated sending more troops to Afghanistan, he and his staff read “Lessons in Disaster,” by Gordon M. Goldstein, an account of McGeorge Bundy, the national security adviser to Johnson.
The Warriors organization swiftly closed ranks around Mr. Curry.
Cook got no help from Michael Crabtree and Amari Cooper.
• 10% goes to saving for spending (new washing machine, holiday, etc.)
“As far as we are concerned, we’ve already achieved our mission,” said Brig.
She flinches every time he makes a pungent goulash of the English language, especially when it’s in the service of his excesses.
There was no way for Mr. Reed to confirm the claim, since the current owners of Mr. McLemore’s property denied access to his former workshop for testing.
Mr. Trump should be asking himself not how to heave more billions at the Pentagon but how to make sure it is spending its existing budget wisely.
The spurned young lover sets out on a journey of the soul, trying in dark tones to sort out his plight.
• Best of late-night TV.
To the Editor: Re “ Slain Myanmar Lawyer Had Sparred With Military Over Constitution ” (news article, Feb. 3): The 2008 Constitution drafted by the military was a deliberate attempt to shield Myanmar, formerly Burma, from the reach of international law protecting human rights.
“What’s important is that we help our students find their purpose and their passion,” she said.
“He said, ‘If it was me, and it was John Elway with the Broncos right before he retired, and somebody said, “Here’s some tickets,” there’s no way I’d come home,’” Greene said.
“Daddy expected me to be perfect,” Carter told me.
She is the daughter of Maureen A. Haworth and Trevor Haworth of Deephaven, Minn.
A man wielding a knife attacked and wounded seven people on the central street in the Siberian town of Surgut on Saturday, local news reports and Russian investigators said.
But she left little doubt she believes the White House should act as a guardian of women’s rights around the world.
Over the next 10 years, he attacked and robbed a string of grocers, mainly Italian, and their wives.
On the site were the ruins of a small library, a sacred spring and a cave shrine.
(If your employer does not work with T. Rowe Price, you can put your own numbers into a similar tool that Wells Fargo has on its website .)
winds, will likely suffered significant damage.” “There are some things that will just not allow you to defeat Mother Nature,” he said.
The state also proposed designating parking areas, busing protesters and cutting off traffic for at least 10 blocks.
The auto insurer provided a quick, fair payment for my wife’s car (mine was a company car), but our homeowner’s policy doesn’t take care of flood damage to the house.
Fittingly, he was the closing act.
What was President Trump’s reaction to that loss?
The younger Thompson was hired as Georgetown’s coach before the 2004-5 season and reached the Final Four in his third season.
Perhaps no surprise from an artist who likes to “recuperate what might appear to be wasted time by thinking of it as conceptual art.” “The Gift” is narrated by one Barbara Andersen, an artist and professor of performance studies in early 2010s New York and an obvious stand-in for Browning herself.
Josh Zeid, another pitcher in the Mets’ farm system, entered in the top of the eighth inning with two runners on.
The entire back page of the print edition was devoted to Langston Hughes’s poem “I, Too.” This piece explains why.
I have learned never to underestimate the cravenness of Republican “moderates,” who may posture to the center but almost always cave to the hard right when it matters.
Ms. DeFrantz said: “We hope so.
“We’ll see,” said Senator Orrin G. Hatch of Utah, the Republican chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, when asked if he thought the House might just take up the Senate’s bill.
“Neither one of us thought we could handle a full-blown fight, because of all the years we’d spent apart.
Remember: It’s not just about you.
Especially because the obvious move — wear clothes from Comme des Garçons, the brand being celebrated at the event, the subject of the exhibition the party was honoring, and the inspiration for the dress code itself — seemed largely off the table.
Over six seasons, the dense fantasy saga, based on novels by George R.R.
Pepper” has been by turns embraced, reviled and simply ignored.
66, which has been worn by only one other N.H.L.
The Palestinian Authority institutionalizes dependency on international donors, which tie the authority’s hands with political conditions.
On Tuesday, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said he was preparing legislation to ban foreign political donations.
As Mr. Quaglione went door-to-door, Mr. Brannan waded through exuberant children at an party in the yard of Public School 185, which he attended as a child.
“The president increasingly appears unlikely to serve out his term in office,” wrote Fernando Freijedo, an analyst with the Economist Intelligence Unit, in a note to clients on Friday.
MARY O’CONNOR, NEW YORK To the Editor: In “ The Devastation in Houston ” (editorial, Aug. 29) you aptly describe “how unchecked urban sprawl and paving over of wetlands and prairies have increased the risk posed by floods.” So let’s see if our builder-in-chief president can direct the Texas rebuilding effort with the smartest infrastructure necessary to avoid another flood catastrophe.
Lockhart said the league had a range of benefits available to the families of deceased players, including survivor’s benefits and annuities.
Aides warned that any military strike could escalate into all-out war, and eventually Nixon backed down.
Still, their tactics could work with a president who has said he wants to emulate East Asian tactics even as he fights them over jobs.
The debates that resurfaced during the 2016 election cycle, about the primacy of race or class in left-wing organizing, particularly around the primary campaign of Bernie Sanders, echoed these past battles.
Japanese share prices have been buoyant across the board lately, and the country’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index has reached multidecade highs while Wall Street and other markets have also surged.
He has been campaigning for Poland to have a seat on the United Nations Security Council, and said the effort included holding talks with dozens of countries, “such as Belize or San Escobar.” A fictitious People’s Democratic Republic of San Escobar soon had a Twitter account, poking fun at the mistake .
We look for a weird lead — the shells!” “That’s a huge signature,” he explained.
“By 2035, because of increases in obesity and diabetes, there could be a 20 percent increase in men’s cancer and a 30 percent increase for women,” Dr. Pearson-Stuttard said.
And now we’re trying to change that.” In a statement released later in the day, she added: “From the day I was ousted from the Parliament it’s a dream come true.
But what about when “yes” isn’t really an enthusiastic affirmative — or an affirmative at all?
Then Mike, our Uber beat writer, published a really good piece detailing a whole bunch of other explosive stories about the company’s unrestrained culture.
It just felt like too high a mountain to climb.
The one glaring omission from the budget bills was ethics reform, an issue that has dogged Albany for decades and shows no sign of abating.
It was published pretty much everywhere and defined her as a movie star who straddled digital cool and silver screen grace.
She is the daughter of Maria Fisher and William L. Pollak of New York.
Few have found permanent housing.
“This whole thing was so stressful, it was so wonderful to have someone speak your native tongue,” Mr. Dvir said.
Mr. Meklat tweeted about the right-leaning philosopher and essayist Alain Finkielkraut , son of a Holocaust survivor, that “they should have broken his legs, that son of a whore.” Mr. Finkielkraut responded in Le Figaro that “Mehdi and Badrou were the turbulent chouchous” — pets — “of the hate-filled left.” But as unsettling as what Mr. Bouvet called in an interview the “complaisant attitude” of part of the media establishment is the content of Mr. Meklat’s tweets.
“The idea of winning was such a minute possibility.
After the war, the denaturalized Kuhn was deported to Germany.
In the midst of the racial violence in Alabama so many years ago, we dreamed of a time when parents no longer taught their children to ascribe characteristics across entire human groups, whether racial, ethnic or religious.
It’s a fight between internet companies — the Googles, Facebooks and Netflixes of the world — and broadband companies that control the pipes coming into your home.
Cadavers lay unburied in a cemetery while those in the town focused on search and rescue.
The order came before Dr. Beck’s arrival at the agency, but Ms. Hamnett saw the industry’s fingerprints all over it.
Remember that the most important thing isn’t being right about someone else’s manners — it’s getting what you want.
De Mille was effusive and dramatic in the videotape as Miss de Lappe followed her lead, fluidly demonstrating dance steps and cogently discussing how to teach de Mille’s choreography.
The current rising star of tech start-ups, the parent company of the messaging app Snapchat, is apparently planning to issue shares with no voting rights when it goes public this year.
Oddly enough, the bar is relatively quiet, and not a bad place to eat if you want to have a conversation.
In addition to highlighting the programs of its presenter, the 92nd Street Y, the fair will further appeal to children with face painting, a coloring corner, crafts, gymnastics demonstrations and performances that include the Big Apple Circus.
In 2004, with her children in high school, Ms. Barnes accepted an offer to be a top executive at Sara Lee, the food conglomerate based in Chicago.
Manny Machado capped a three-homer night with a game-ending grand slam in the ninth inning, and Baltimore rallied past the Los Angeles Angels, 9-7, at Camden Yards in a game that featured 10 home runs.
Still, Sears Holdings has lost more than $5 billion over the last three years as sales have declined.
His death, at a hospice, was confirmed by his sister-in-law, Alison Jarvis, who said the cause was a stroke.
And they’re effortlessly in sync in other ways, too.
[ The New York Times ] • The latest Republican plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act is on the brink of failure, but its architects are making last-ditch efforts to keep it afloat.
Even among the highly industrialized nations in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the carbon intensity of energy has declined by a paltry 4 percent since then, according to the International Energy Agency .
I trotted, cantered, loped and galloped.
In a statement, Mr. Corbyn said Mrs. May “now heads a zombie government, with no ideas, no answers and no leadership.” “This is a government in name only, having to ask other parties to ‘clarify and improve’ its policies and delaying most parliamentary business until the autumn,” he added.
“But I came from this showpiece.” The house in Fort Greene had not been theirs alone — they lived on the parlor level and second floor.
“I had this sense that their house was a portal to a larger world,” Mr. Boyd said.
On Monday, Jared Kushner is set to appear before the Senate Intelligence Committee, but not so that we can listen.
He rejected both McNamara and the military’s proposals.
“Cool kids never study,” he was told, so Korbin, until then a conscientious A student, eased off his schoolwork.
Some Greek government officials cited Fosun’s defeat as evidence that Athens wasn’t under China’s sway.
Israel is a country where the state supports the arts, and that support is distributed in accordance with certain guidelines and procedures.
If you have experienced harassment, these resources may be helpful.
11 a.m. [Free] • Snap selfies with historians and photographers on a walk to Hell Gate Bridge , beginning at Socrates Sculpture Park in Astoria, Queens.
Mr. Colbert said he didn’t regret insulting the president.
“I look for something unusual,” Dan Tanenbaum, a 45-year-old watch collector in Toronto said about his fondness for timepieces made by independent watchmakers.
Mr. Mollen told the investigators that though he had been the deputy mayor for public safety, he could not, as the violence unfolded, engage with the police regarding its actions because of an “institutional problem.” As he explained it, from the time he had assumed his post he had been viewed by police officials as a meddler in the department’s business.
(Oscar Health was founded in the offices of Thrive.)
But somehow, it never happened in New York, and perhaps never will.
“To me this is a legitimate separation-of-powers conflict that needs to be resolved.” The disagreement over the Puerto Rican Day Parade and its decision, supported by Ms. Mark-Viverito, to honor the former militant, Oscar Lopez Rivera, centers on an issue of deep personal significance for the speaker.
The town was cold and hushed — almost everything was closed for the holiday — and Ms. Williams saw in it the refuge she had been seeking for the past decade.
Similarly, the album closer, “From the Dining Table” has the barest guitar, though here Mr. Styles’s vocals are subjected to a hollowing effect that makes him sound more disconsolate than anywhere else on the album.
Unions again have reason to be nervous.
I know that many progressives are tired of hearing about the white working class.
· Fever-reducers — Acetaminophen, ibuprofen or aspirin are essential, but never give aspirin to children or teens with influenza and make sure your meds aren’t expired.
In square miles, it is bigger than Maryland.
It said someone fled the scene, but that someone was my older brother, Alex, and he didn’t flee.
Physicians estimate that up to 0.2 percent of people are intersexual, putting the number in Germany at about 160,000.
I was surprised by how many of the seeds of what we have today were so firmly in the soil.
The agreement not to accept any more Thaad deployments had been a longstanding policy stance of Mr.
She is the daughter of Nhung H. Nguyen and Chanh T. Trang of Houston.
Last month, Daimler demonstrated an electric tractor-trailer.
Peter Vestergaard, a spokesman for the foundation, said it and the film’s director, Emma Sullivan, decided not to finish the movie given the criminal case against Mr. Madsen.
The bloc that has marched under the banner of the “Moral Majority” and “values voters” has now been tagged as the most reliable base of support for both Mr. Moore and President Trump , two politicians who are known for fanning racial and religious prejudices and who stand accused of sexual harassment by numerous women — accusations that each man denies.
So I mostly observed intentional walks from hundreds of feet away, as the center fielder.
Apps like Sortly and Home Contents make it easier to create a database that you could use if you were ever displaced.
His favorite of her recordings is of Lizst’s mighty sonata.
More recently, two other copies believed to be authentic have emerged, one from a monastic library in Offenburg, Germany, in 1993 and another discovered in a European collection and sold by Christie’s in 2005 for $1 million.
Only in recent years has it begun to move into the mainstream, at restaurants like Maharlika in Manhattan, Bad Saint in Washington and Lasa in Los Angeles, run by second-generation Filipino-Americans unbound by tradition.
Big food purveyors like Kraft Heinz are keen to bulk up on familiar brands.
Ms. Walsh continued to appear on his show for about four months, but she said she sensed that he had become cold toward her on camera.
“They’re not hiring people.” “So even if we saw an increase in coal production, we could see a decrease in coal jobs,” he said.
What articles looked most interesting?
Or if you’re on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series.
As a “Hunger Games” lover, it didn’t occur to me at first that SPILE might be esoteric.
Hundreds of others had lung damage, they said.
“Quit India!” Lord Charles Taggart, the police commissioner, assigns the case to Capt.
In earthquake-prone Japan, people have grown accustomed to seeing regular alerts on television and their cellphones advising them to seek cover or move inland in advance of a tsunami.
That way, Mr. Breguet said, “there is something that fascinates any client around the world.”
( FT ) • Stephen Schwarzman has some advice for new Blackstone recruits: working life is no “Mad Men.” ( Bloomberg ) • Paul Singer has taken a 5.3 percent stake in the German utility company Uniper, which is subject to an 8 billion euro, or $9.5 billion, takeover offer from Fortum of Finland.
He was credited with recruiting as many as 100,000 student volunteers to help slash Cuba’s illiteracy rate in a single year, to less than 5 percent from about 25 percent.
We were all struggling together, but those were magical days.” But the joy of working in the theater felt indulgent to his siblings, by this time all working as hairdressers.
In common speech, there’s a simpler label: racism.
In any case, he has been traveling much of the time in places with, understandably, limited interest in subjects like how the vendor of an anti-rat garbage bag got a city contract after contributing $100,000 to a nonprofit run by the mayor’s team.
The men were a snapshot of the nation they served , illustrating the degree to which the military relies on recruits from immigrant communities.
He describes himself as “pro-immigration,” so long as Britain can control who enters.
“We ran from the terminal out to the tarmac,” said one passenger, Dr. Michael Massa, adding that officials then directed people toward the east side of the airport People left a garage area with their hands up.
The shoreline in Hatteras was empty on Wednesday, but it will most likely come alive soon, as officials in Dare County lifted the mandatory evacuation on Thursday.
We asked The Times’s executive editor, Dean Baquet, to respond to Ms. Waxman’s allegations.
You have to understand, our companies are noncompetitive right now.
By the time it’s all done, the sausages will be, too.
“They need their personal time to process all the social interaction and learn to grow into mature people.” Just as vocal are parents like Parker Thompson of Alameda, Calif., who said children’s adoption of technology is an inevitability and who appreciated Facebook’s approach with the new app.
Keyframe itself offers a lot of video essays, with topics recently ranging from a profile of the silent film pioneer Alice Guy-Blaché to a primer on the “chopped and screwed” genre of hip-hop featured on the soundtrack of “Moonlight.” Also contributing to what Ms. Gendler calls a “once you get there, it’s hard to leave” aim, the site features monthly “Spotlights,” which gather library films under occasionally timely topics.
In fact, my guess is that the bill has low approval even among those who would get a significant tax cut.
Gold would go across the street to a deli for a snack, and every time he felt as if he were about to get hit by a car.
One small cookie constitutes five servings, which explains their relative priciness.
Contributions from residents in that state in March totaled $22,370.
Instead, I check one of my credit reports for free every four months at annualcreditreport.com .
“The investigation made no finding regarding the validity of the Timor-Leste citizenship held by those footballers,” the Asian Football Confederation said in its statement, effectively clearing the players to continue playing club soccer under Timorese nationality.
Maybe the hiring of Anthony Scaramucci as the new White House communications director — a move blessed by Kushner, over the objections of Reince Priebus, the chief of staff — will prove wiser.
How Should Nations and Individuals Address Climate Change?
Doctors would laugh with wonder when they’d pull out my hospital file, thicker than a phone book.
The Inquirer has been on the offensive against Mr. Duterte from early on.
Scenery changes — much of the second half takes place in Manila — and elaborate cons (Kim impersonates a money launderer who must rank among the world’s least discreet) add to the aura of a mediocre James Bond picture.
This season Marsolais and Mathys introduced masks for Boston’s Anton Khudobin and Tampa Bay’s Andrei Vasilevskiy that change color and design when squirted with water, thanks to a special white paint.
The company’s founder, Jack Ma, hosted a conference in Detroit this year as part of efforts to enlist more American vendors for its platforms.
“Everything is upside down,” said Montasser al-Zayat, an Islamist lawyer who was imprisoned four times under Mr. Mubarak, and whose clients include the supreme leader of the Muslim Brotherhood, Mohamed Badie.
Referring to his wiretapping by the F.B.I., he added: “There are two people who got hacked last year: Podesta” — John Podesta, the Clinton campaign chairman, whose emails were published by WikiLeaks — “and me.” There may be scant evidence for this theory, but rhetorically, it has allowed Page to insist on his innocence and his significance at the same time: If circumstances have conspired to keep him from being a wise man, then at least he can be a martyr.
‘CARMEN’ at the Metropolitan Opera (Jan. 23, 7:30 p.m.; through Feb.
Maybe John Hay had that luxury as secretary of state under Presidents William McKinley and Theodore Roosevelt, when the United States was just emerging as a global power.
The United States has not referred to the episode as genocide, out of concerns for alienating Turkey, a NATO ally and a partner in fighting terrorism in the Middle East.
“We’re a Netflix for cars,” said Melody Lee, Cadillac’s director of brand marketing.
Harvey, on nytimes.com Thanks to Sam Dolnick for his appreciation of Coca Crystal, creator of the public-access TV show “If I Can’t Dance, You Can Keep Your Revolution,” on which I was an occasional guest.
No plaque marks the Punahou Circle Apartments, where Obama lived during his middle- and high-school years, and where, just before the 2008 election, he returned to visit his maternal grandmother as she was dying.
Breeding is to get a glimpse of his patients’ challenges.
A year ago my life went to hell.
And then, within two minutes, I was like [giving in] “I’ll do it.” It just felt really right.
“If you tell me I’m gonna do that this year, I’d take it right away.
This is the third act of a Zack Snyder or Christopher Nolan Batman movie where there’s this threat that the city can’t do anything about and it’s the biggest thing Batman’s ever faced.
It uses machine learning technology to prioritize comments for moderation, and sometimes, approves them automatically.
I wanted to play the game like Jeter, but I’m not saying pimping a homer is necessarily disrespecting the game.
Sponsored by GrowingGreat, a nutrition-education nonprofit, and Garden Lites, a Queens company producing vegetable-based snacks, the event will offer five activity stations.
The individual numbers nearly all feature literal-minded scenery, such as a bank of candles and a wrought-iron gate for the “Phantom” sequence, and they are performed with the high earnestness of audition pieces.
By coincidence, the night David died in 1993, Ms. Burns was dancing on a speaker on Fire Island.
Her main concern is seasonal fluctuations in her salary that could derail a long-term savings plan.
My colleague Wagner offered a cautionary observation, noting that the Braves batters were making contact.
But Anthony Kennedy is also an imperial figure, and he has a chance to rule like a good emperor in the Masterpiece Cakeshop case, to balance his Obergefell decision with a panic-defusing counterpoint.
Soon after, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas scheduled an election-eve rally for Mr. Estes on Monday.
They’ll have been the planners, the decision makers and the risk calculators, while you’re still there to make sure nothing goes too far off the rails.
In her first Instagram self-portrait, from May 12 , she appears with shrunken eyes and intensely white teeth, and her skin is softened into artificial mistiness.
Or maybe “our” Kevin found a way to travel to her world.
Victims of crime are victims of crime no matter how or who.
Background reading: The Times investigation into Mr. Comey’s role in the election .
We will — again — discuss gun laws, mental health issues, belief systems, the police response, the political response and the media response.
The workers were isolated for a good part of the year and prohibited from drinking (and sometimes even speaking at meals), and one of the few comforts they had was good food.
Ms. Mukherjee, a native of Calcutta, attended schools in England, Switzerland and India, earned advanced degrees in creative writing in the United States and lived for more than a decade in Canada, affording her a wealth of experience in the modern realities of multiculturalism.
Even though the station’s source obtained and disclosed the information unlawfully, the radio station was free to broadcast it because it was “a matter of public concern,” Justice John Paul Stevens wrote for the majority.
The U.N. will also distribute International Literacy Prizes to global projects that ingeniously develop literacy skills, like the Citizens Foundation , which runs more than 1,400 schools in poor slums and villages across Pakistan.
William M. Aitcheson, writing in The Arlington Catholic Herald , said he felt compelled to rehash his “despicable actions” while he was “an impressionable young man.” “I’m sorry.
The suspect was denied bail after appearing in court in Roma on Monday, the BBC reported.
In April, Trier’s City Council gave final approval to the gift but whittled down its size by more than two feet.
In some corners, the explanations took on a much more sinister tone.
The Italian director Luca Guadagnino has loosely adapted Jacques Deray’s 1969 New Wave thriller, “La Piscine,” and added magnificent digs and a soundtrack throbbing with the Rolling Stones, Harry Nilsson, Verdi and 1970s Brazilian classics.
Once on the series page, click on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone for free.
Mr. Macron, who was traveling in the region last week for the opening of a branch of the Louvre museum in Abu Dhabi , also stopped in Riyadh and met for the first time with the crown prince.
You’ve got to do more to get things done because you can’t rely on one particular shot to a large degree to finish matches and so with that comes a lot of emotion and nervousness.
It’s guys who drive trucks and install air-conditioners saying, “Why can’t I have my say?” On WFAN they do have their say, often in eloquent and impassioned tones.
By November 2016, Anthony didn’t even want to hear the phrase.
Lt. Gen. Stephen J. Townsend, the American commander of the war effort against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, said that the final days of combat this summer in Mosul, Iraq’s second-largest city, resembled the worst fighting he had witnessed “in 35 years.” “They’re fighting like a conventional army fights,” said Maj. Jarrod A. Devore, another Marine fighter pilot stationed on the Nimitz.
SHAWN Most of my projects have been unsuccessful, so I’m a kind of expert on it.
His father retired from Lucent Technologies in Murray Hill, N.J., where he was a systems administrator.
We last saw Benjen in the Season 6 finale , dropping off Bran and Meera near the Wall.
By the end of the decade his group was regularly opening for, and impressing, visiting American musicians like Fats Waller.
The result may be a million astounding tweets, but substantively no fundamental strategic shift — not terrible policy-making, but not good policy-making, either.
The plane’s captain decided to disembark passengers, he said, because he “did not get authorization by air traffic control to start the aircraft engines in order to cool the cabin.” How Planes Get Cool Generally, a plane supplies the cabin with air-conditioning from one of three sources, according to Billy Nolen, a former pilot and now the senior vice president of safety, security and operations for Airlines for America , a trade association that represents the largest airlines in the United States, including United and American Airlines .
If they were to come close with death, they would rather just go peacefully rather than being awakened to hospital sounds and the beeps of the heart rate monitors.
The study wasn’t without its limitations, however.
He is going into a pretty broken system of politics, and something crazy might be needed.
The practical effect is that some lower-income and middle-class families may have no good options for insurance and will have to spend more on health care.
“The stars have all aligned,” Eric Trump, who as executive vice president of the Trump Organization oversees all its golf properties, said on Thursday morning, while sipping an iced tea at the restaurant inside the Trump International Hotel before appearing at a promotional event for the Memorial Day tournament.
Riding to office on a wave of discontent with the Obama administration, headstrong governors in states like Wisconsin and Ohio embarked on a ferocious quest to transform their states, repeatedly battling powerful unions and popular backlash.
It was a telling destination for those visits Wednesday night and Thursday afternoon.
The average length was 5.57 inches.
The rumor was wrong, or else the pushback was vigorous, and Moore got a tempered vote of confidence from the S.B.C.’s higher-ups this week instead.
In a country regarded as one of the world’s most corrupt — ranked 164th of 176 by Transparency International — details of Angola’s politicized reconstruction are incomplete.
He favored civil rights, gun control and environmental causes and refused to accept contributions from political action committees.
He has seen Ringling maybe 300 times, in addition to other circuses, starting when he was 5.
Volkswagen, which made this spot its North American manufacturing headquarters , now employs more than 3,200 people at the plant it opened in 2011.
Although it would not have ended the trade deal immediately, it allowed time to negotiate a better pact or withdraw by the end of 2017.
Ms. Brennan is on a self-described “crusade” to remedy the entrenched gender inequality of her industry.
[ The Mercury News ] Californians have been in southeast Texas helping with relief efforts in the wake of catastrophic flooding there.
Through Twitter and Square, Mr. Dorsey declined to comment for this article.
[ Los Angeles Times] • It’s almost legal.
There are stories that he served as an altar boy in church.
When the police searched him, they found a small amount of crack cocaine.
Fresh from yoga class, they are reading New Yorker magazine articles about inequality before returning to their tiny $1.5 million apartments.
The three bottles I recommend are: Equinoxe Crozes-Hermitage Equis 2015 (Skurnik Wines, New York) $21 Alain Graillot Crozes-Hermitage 2015 (Europvin U.S.A., Van Nuys, Calif.) $35 J.L.
Find new life or accept death.
The groom’s father retired as a supervising electrical engineer from Fort Monmouth in New Jersey, where he worked on electronic warfare projects for the Army.
A new Parliament will be much better equipped to negotiate with Madrid and move the situation forward.
How had they managed to miss it?
Jeremy Christian, 35, of North Portland, Ore., was charged with two counts of aggravated murder in the attack and could face additional charges when he is arraigned on Tuesday.
They recently launched a slip-on, which I swear by .
“We can do it better.” A smear of orange vegetable matter had stuck to his sheet music.
In 1980, the wealthiest Americans paid 59 percent of their income in taxes while the middle 20 percent of Americans paid 24.5 percent.
For now, though, there are still a couple of O’Reilly titles on the hardcover nonfiction list: “Killing the Rising Sun,” about the end of World War II, is No.
He will keep them as comfortable as possible during their stay at the “Hypurrcat Spa,” which is why he has converted the floor-to-ceiling pipe into a scratching post and keeps towel-lined baskets on the cold exam table.
I then got a job through a government program to do data entry.
“That’s key as a quarterback, to be able to see things and how they relate to each other really quickly,” Ryan said.
You don’t go to a baseball game because you’re in a hurry.
Executives at Aetna and CVS said that this new model would result in better care and lower costs for patients.
As part of the deal, Mr. Cooper agreed to declare that “transgender people are not prevented from the use of public facilities in accordance with their gender identity.” The General Assembly’s leading Republicans, who either declined to comment or did not respond to interview requests, swiftly condemned the proposal as “a stunt” that proved that Mr. Cooper “acted in bad faith and lied about wanting to end the focus on H.B.
That quality also extended to his personal life, where Mr. Kalanick mixes with celebrities like Jay Z and businessmen including President Trump’s chief economic adviser, Gary D. Cohn.
“A Power Six résumé indeed!” he said.
“If my mom knew what we were doing right now, she’d probably be mad at us,” her daughter reflected a few weeks ago.
We arrived early, my photographer with a camera around his neck and me in my reporters’ uniform — chinos and a blue sport coat, notebook in hand.
This is partly a matter of casting.
I am now dating someone new, and I’m on the fence about telling him.
Hemin Hawrami, a spokesman for Massoud Barzani, the president of the Kurdish region, said pesh merga forces in Kirkuk city had been reinforced by several thousand volunteers as part of a “rapid reaction plan” in response to reports of a buildup of Iraqi forces outside the city.
Among other newly identified victims were Mohamednur Tuccu, 44, whose body was recovered outside the building, close to a sports center; Khadija Saye, 24, and her mother, Mary Mendy, 52, who died from “inhalation of fire fumes and burns,” according to a preliminary report.
— Hen3ry in New York, reacting to an article about the testimony of James B. Comey, the former F.B.I.
The council kept deducting rent from a Grenfell survivor even after the fire, a mistake Lady Faulks called a “tiny” thing before backtracking.
We need a new national dialogue on crime, one that is less about ideology and more about evidence.
“You feel like, if you’re wearing the wallpaper, you could just disappear into the house.” Though a century apart, Morris and Anderson overlap and blend into each other, too.
With the sentence still facing review by General Abrams and military appellate judges, Mr. Trump’s post-verdict comments on Twitter seemed to bolster efforts by the defense to have the sentence thrown out on appeal, some military law experts said, on the grounds that the president had unlawfully influenced the case.
The treaty will go into effect 90 days after 50 United Nations member states have formally ratified it.
In terms of driving the plot forward, most of the important business gets dispatched early.
The same words could have been written after the Chinese went into the networks of Mr. Obama’s campaign and that of his Republican opponent in 2008, Senator John McCain of Arizona.
What has stood out about how tech in the space race has changed in recent years?
Mr. Comey also described how Mr. Trump antagonized him on Twitter after firing him.
“The president and a small group of people know exactly what he meant,” he said at a briefing on Wednesday, to the disbelief of the assembled reporters.
On October 19, 1987, came the scary 500-point drop.
Crosswords, too, seem to have a right-hand bias.
United States law poses more of a problem for the two psychologists and the C.I.A.
The protesters met online, he said, and discussed the details of their performance there, though it was not clear if the details of their stunt were fully discussed during those discussions.
Nkoulou, a substitute, tied the game when he headed home a crossing pass from Benjamin Moukandjo.
Then, in typical Gascon fashion, he will probably engage you in a conversation about the weather and, by way of parting, tell you where you should have lunch.
Ms. Harding was put on probation for three years and banned for life by the United States Skating Association.)
“Thus far, all signs are that Sessions is playing to type.” Meanwhile, the department’s reversal of its legal policy this week in a major voting case in Texas signals that other voting rights cases could be in peril, as well.
But not many people think that will happen.
During the delay, Mr. D’Amato stood in the aisle and urged other passengers to walk out with him, according to video of the episode.
In recent years, he has sharply criticized the Fed’s methods and its goals.
On at least two occasions at Rio 2016, an incorrect Chinese flag, with its stars improperly aligned , was unfurled, bringing complaints.
“But it’s got to be taken a look at.
Safety and labor advocates have criticized the exemptions are too broad.
He squabbled over the lettering on his golf course’s sign and persuaded them to consider part of the property a farm so his tax bill would be lower.
But about 70 percent of world production comes from just three countries: Kazakhstan (almost 40 percent), Canada (over 20 percent) and Australia (nearly 10 percent).
Is California’s homeless crisis much worse than the official data show?
There was an explosion-type noise.
Analysts said that the protests might be short-lived and that Chinese leaders probably did not want too much animosity with elections looming in South Korea.
In her review for The Times , Jeannette Catsoulis praised the film’s “lustful heart and carnival soul.” On Blu-ray, DVD and Amazon Video.
But as the center’s 2015 survey found, while black people comprised more than 13 percent of the population of the United States, they held about 10 percent of the seats in the House, 2 percent in the Senate about 9 percent in state legislatures and 6 percent on city councils.
“I’ve been a part of USA Basketball since I was a junior in high school,” Anthony told USA Today .
Still, it took until Saturday — about six weeks after he became a free agent — for the Yankees and Sabathia to agree on a one-year, $10 million contract.
• Google is transforming U.S. public education with low-cost laptops and free apps .
Find out about gun buybacks in your area.
“They are looking for the Italian way of life,” Mr. Calì said.
For a middle-class family, roughly $40,000 in debt might be a molehill.
“Spider-Man: Homecoming,” opening Friday, July 7, reboots the franchise and restores Peter Parker to an adolescent high schooler (played by Tom Holland).
She gifted us with reminders of her love that we might one day pass along to our own children, our fingers pressing into the fabric as we told them about their Nana Mo, her sharp laugh and gentle care revived in brief flickers, the way she cherished us written on the tissue paper wrappings as clearly as if they were words on a page.
The women have made more than 400 of them since January, and now, with a stage of the famed cycling race set to finish in their town Friday afternoon, it was finally time to put them on display.
I look at the Wayans as a great institution, as a wonderful tribe of talented artists who love, love, love comedy.
Starting in the summer of 2015, when China’s stock market crashed and when Beijing shocked the world by abruptly weakening its currency , a lot of money left China.
“Oh, no, never,” the woman said.
She graduated from Johnson & Wales University.
Chelsea Manager Antonio Conte said that everyone connected with his club hoped Mason had a speedy recovery.
Imposing a warrant requirement to conduct such data queries, as some in Congress have proposed, would be legally unnecessary and a step toward re-erecting pre-9/11 barriers to our ability to identify foreign terrorists and their contacts.
“Divine intervention,” Bill calls it now.
On that topic, I highly recommend reading this story about the shifts in the discussion of sexual harassment by Jessica Bennett, who recently came to The Times as its gender editor.
That should not be understood as a prediction that the market will have another great fall, however.
The sharp divisions that make overhauling the tax code a monumental task were on full display on Tuesday as Republicans in Congress and the Trump administration publicly panned the provision at the heart of House Speaker Paul D. Ryan’s tax plan.
The facts of the case, Hernández v. Mesa , sound highly unusual, but they aren’t; there have been 10 cross-border shootings in recent years in addition to several dozen others along the border.
At dinner tables and in coffee shops, friends and strangers trade the latest gossip and tidbits about their astrological profiles.
Here’s what you need to know: • President-elect Donald J. Trump charged through his first news conference in months, offering strong words for Russia, China and the press and asserting that when he takes office, “All countries will respect us far more than under past administrations.” Mr. Trump conceded for the first time that Russia was behind the hacking of Democratic institutions during the presidential election, but he vigorously denied allegations that he was involved in salacious behavior in a Moscow hotel room, calling it “fake news.” Here are highlights and fact checks from the news conference, including Mr. Trump’s decision to turn over his business operations to a trust controlled by his two oldest sons and a longtime associate.
Terminating pregnancies is Hester’s job and her identity, and she wears her “A” – always visible through a hole in her dress – as both a badge of dishonor and her professional shingle.
212-247-7800, carnegiehall.org JOHN ZORN at National Sawdust (Dec. 27, 7 p.m.).
...” “Xi Jinping is a good president, but his policies aren’t implemented here,” said Hu Wenxiang, who lives in Ronghuazao, a village in a rural part of Datong.
She wrote me a prescription for Percocet: “Go home and sleep.” We went home.
And a number of museums have initiated programs aimed at the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender teenage population.
The Justice Department has fought in court to prevent a judge from ruling on that notion, and legal experts have warned the Trump administration not to bring Islamic State detainees to Guantánamo to avoid the issue.
Occupation : Freelance photographer Age : 23 Add this up for me: You’re a freelance photographer who flies out to the Hamptons?
You make me quite giddy.” He’s speaking for many in the entranced, sometimes mystified audiences for Mr. Kentridge’s stagings, which place boldly layered films, still images, fractured designs and onstage hordes on top of already complex works.
Beloved by Los Angelenos with an eye for elevated folk, the four-year-old sister-run company Block Shop is known for its modern California textiles, made with traditional Indian hand block printing techniques.
The tax agency said it was reversing one aspect of an Obama administration plan after Mr. Trump, on his first day in office, issued an executive order instructing agencies to reduce burdens imposed by compliance with the Affordable Care Act wherever legally possible.
Lately, when he’s defending his son, Trump has taken to using terms that suggest Junior was accused of cheating on a Boy Scout swim test.
212-924-0077, newyorklivearts.org ‘REMEMBERING FUKUSHIMA: ART AND CONVERSATIONS’ at the Cathedral Church of St. John the Divine (March 11, 1 p.m.).
My plan was to drive solo from Brooklyn to Los Angeles — where I hoped to live for the foreseeable future — taking a southern route through Richmond, Va.; New Orleans; and Austin, Tex.
“We were surprised by the number of people who said yes.” Irvine took some small initial steps to address the situation, like creating a pilot program that persuaded about 100 freshmen not to live on campus.
In a message posted to Twitter, the hacker said: “Who is next on the list?
Variables on the user end — like a certain combination of existing software apps and hardware conflicting with the update — have also caused significant problems.
“Go to a place that is known to be poorly sampled — a place that not enough people have gone to actually collect things or a place that harbors a rich diversity of organisms,” says José C.E.
Kluber, Carrasco and Trevor Bauer (acquired from Arizona in a three-team, nine-player deal that sent outfielder Shin-Soo Choo to Cincinnati in December 2012) have combined for 47 victories this season, and the rotation has a 1.71 earned run average during the winning streak.
The idea is to ensure that the market has any notice of potential deal talks.
Jail officials in Taylor County, Tex., said that 19-year-old Ryan Tyrell McBeth and 18-year-old Dontrell Lamond Dock were being held on capital murder warrants after their arrests on McMurry’s campus in Abilene, Tex.
One reason that the abstinence-only programs have shown little or no evidence of effectiveness may be that sexual experiences for many young people involve coercion.
“We remember his first love affair, his first fight, his first marriage, his first motorcycle.
What’s more improbable, however, is how this story ends.
Its unapologetic former chief executive, Martin Shkreli, came to be seen as the ultimate illustration of the industry’s bad deeds.
They tell people to load up on grains and cereals, and to limit fat to less than 20 to 30 percent of daily calories, a recommendation that was removed from dietary guidelines in the United States in 2015 after evidence emerged that low-fat diets don’t curb obesity and may contribute to it.
13A: The quotes around “‘Oh, I don’t care’” indicate that a spoken interpretation rather than literal definition is called for here.
Tontines were once quite common.
Beathard at quarterback rather than Jimmy Garoppolo, Seattle can likely cover the spread, but if the Niners switch to their more talented backup at any point, all bets are off.
And they are increasingly willing to take on hot-button social and political issues — on the right and left — that thrust them into the center of contentious debates.
Then there are the catchers.
One gold miner, Hanna Hurst, described her harassment at work as rougher than any she endured serving in the military in Iraq.
“I don’t have the energy for this heat,” Retta said of the 90-degree weather.
We invited parents whose children faced a serious illness to share their experiences with us.
Ms. Kelder said that for facials, only the shoulders and chest need to be exposed.
But to Ms. Cannon, the spots and stains in Ms. Amoruso’s success story only give her more material to turn into compelling television.
Our immediate reality is that we are dealing with a president who has pressed the director of the F.B.I.
Edith Piaf is too maudlin for me.
Many, like those helped by Mr. Mannoni and Mr. Herrou, headed to other countries.
That’s not when America works best.
In the museum’s adjacent gallery, by the sheer happenstance of scheduling logistics, is an eerily complementary concurrent show of work by Carlo Zinelli, an Italian who also spent his adult life in a psychiatric hospital painting beautiful gouaches.
I saw a quote a long, long time ago — it was simply, “The Beatles were humans.” The first time I met Paul McCartney, we were walking behind his giant entourage to the side of a stage to watch a Neil Young concert at some English festival.
Snap, the parent of Snapchat, disclosed several important aspects of its business in its initial public offering document.
We will send help to them and our communities, but we must also defend them in the States, by resisting any measures from Washington that will make matters worse.
It’s not that I’m just not seeing something that’s there.
A plaque in the courtyard honors the “Renovations of Calhoun College in 1989,” funded in part by “the generosity of S. Roger Horchow, Class of 1950.” “We’re never taking this down, because he was a great supporter of the renovation,” Prof. Julia Adams, the head of Hopper College, said of Mr. Horchow, a mail-order catalog mogul and Broadway producer.
The United States military has deployed Special Forces and airstrikes against Islamic State militants in Afghanistan and says it has killed dozens of the group’s leaders and hundreds of fighters this year.
The woman laughs as two men cut the sleeve of the victim’s shirt.
From a March 20 article, “F.B.I.
The detonation of the first atomic bomb by the United States over Hiroshima on Aug. 6, 1945, killed Mr. Yamamoto’s sister and destroyed the family’s home.
Sounding like a superfan at New York Comic Con, the Flash (Ezra Miller) geeks out over the sight of the Bat signal: “That’s so cool!” The jokey vibe may also reflect the contribution of Joss Whedon (“Buffy the Vampire Slayer,” “The Avengers”), who stepped in to finish “Justice League” after the co-writer and director Zack Snyder left the project for personal reasons in May.
He makes this effort we put into our newspaper really poetic.” Poetry initially played only a small role in Mr. Bleck’s life.
Overall enrollment in for-profit institutions declined from 2.4 million in 2010 to 1.6 million in 2015 as hundreds of campuses closed.
• U.S. stocks were down on Monday.
Coppola talked about this years ago — that that same idea was going to happen in cinema someday.” Brooklyn, with its diverse multitudes, seems the perfect place for it to happen.
Ms. Oforiatta-Ayim has perfected those qualities, not only in driving around the capital, but also with her Cultural Encyclopedia project , which will map and archive both historical and contemporary arts and culture across Africa.
When he was a presidential candidate, Donald J. Trump took a hard line against Saudi Arabia, criticizing its human rights record and slamming his opponent, Hillary Clinton, for the donations her family foundation received from the country.
In our racist and sexist culture, no one is “pure” when it comes to issues of race and gender, and the moral high ground is always precarious.
“The question remains: Do these deadly measures secure his rule or serve to undermine it?” There also was speculation that Kim Jong-un might have ordered Kim Jong-nam killed because China might have been planning to support him as a replacement for Kim Jong-un, who has angered Chinese leaders with his provocative weapons and missile tests.
The Wall Street Journal first reported on Mr. Gore’s letter , along with another sent that same day by Matthew J. Donnelly, a Civil Rights Division lawyer working on the project.
“I found myself through them,” he says.
Many women shy away from starting financial careers because of the lack of “flexibility,” often a code word for having children.
The real estate company owned by the family of Jared Kushner, son-in-law and senior adviser to President Trump, said on Friday that its employees would no longer take part in a cross-country roadshow in China this month.
Changes to the state waiver standards might change things down the road, but they are unlikely to make any difference next year.
It’s pretty special.” Craig and Freese helped power two Cardinals World Series lineups, and the team hopes DeJong, who turns 24 next month, will be part of the next.
Libel law is a state-law tort, meaning that state courts and state legislatures have defined its contours.
Among them: opioid-addiction treatments and training for workers whose jobs were lost to offshoring.
Ever think it might be nice to have a fairy godmother get you dressed?
We cannot let the Trump administration champion a shortsighted infrastructure plan that primarily serves the wealthy.
New Rockstars, though, will be their full-time gig for the foreseeable future.
The Russians are accused of hacking the email systems of the Democratic National Committee and conducting a widespread disinformation campaign that included the propagation of fake news stories on the internet and the airwaves.
North Korea has long cultivated an image of defiant belligerence, punctuating its propaganda and diplomacy with colorful threats, insults and bluster.
They spoke occasionally during the campaign, and Mr. Cotton attended a meeting before the election where prospective Supreme Court nominees were discussed.
And what happened is I had my meeting.
“We left at 4 in the morning; as far as we’ve gone, it’s been bumper to bumper,” said Linda Caldwell as she idled at a gas station in Ridgeland, S.C.
Now he wants manufacturing executives to help him figure out how to do it.
“The numbers are still modest, but it truly is a different model of care,” said Sheryl Zimmerman, a gerontologist and health services researcher at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
West Virginia Finance Authority, $184 million of debt securities.
She refused his advances, she said, and confided in Brad Pitt, her boyfriend at the time.
“There is a serious crisis vis-à-vis 50 years of Israeli control and its system creeping in,” said Mahdi Abdul Hadi, the director of the Palestinian Academic Society for the Study of International Affairs, an independent East Jerusalem research institute.
Michael Lowinger, a Long Island commuter who lives in Seaford, had planned to use his vacation days earlier in the summer, but rescheduled his time off so that he would have two weeks of vacation starting on July 10, right as the track repairs begin.
Benjamin Mitchell and Anthony Naiboa crossed paths as students a few years ago at Middleton High School in Tampa, Fla., and the city’s Route 9 bus brought their lives together once again this month — with deadly consequences.
And García is closely connected with the Spanish Open.
Today, he is integrated into society, has learned better-than-passable German and pays his fair share of taxes.
And hanging over all that is the antitrust fight over AT&T’s proposed $85.4 billion purchase of Time Warner.
It has since played at the Geffen Playhouse there and the Royal George Theater in Chicago.
Richard Bratz of the Delaware State Police said at a news conference earlier on Wednesday.
If it’s hard to imagine, say, Joel Osteen enjoying Coffinworm’s “High on the Reek of Your Burning Remains” or Ophis’s “Necrotic Reflection,” it might be because there’s a sense of inevitability and inescapability to a good doom song.
It’s what most good first novels merely aspire to be.” After writing a sequel, “To the Sargasso Sea,” published in 1987, Mr. McPherson embarked on a new journalistic adventure.
“In the Name of the People” pays homage to that campaign at a critical moment — ahead of an important party leadership congress this fall, and as his first term as president and party chief is winding down.
By then it was clear that the hacked material — regardless of what it might contain — had caused no ill effects on the campaign of Mr. Macron, who won decisively over the far-right candidate Marine Le Pen.
The interfaith threats were enough to prompt the introduction of a bill in the Legislature expanding Alabama’s hate crime law to include threats against religious institutions and schools.
But what’s the big deal?
“I am fit and I can do things on the pitch — I’m not ready to go to the sidelines,” Villa said in a statement released by the team.
When aid groups visit, she throws a rope through the security bars that enclose her patio, and uses it to pull up packages of water and dried goods.
“It’s my nightmare.” The three suspects made an initial appearance on Tuesday in federal court in Alexandria, Va.
The average time to sell an apartment rose 27.8 percent to 101 days, compared to the same period last year, according to the Elliman report.
Paradoxically, then, it would seem that we can best limit intolerance of difference by parading, talking about, and applauding our sameness.
In some respects, Coolidge was nothing like President Trump.
For 25 years, this Beverly Hills-born photographer has been shooting brand-obsessed, money-addled Americans — rich and poor alike — whose moral rot is expressed through hot-pink Birkin bags, Versace-upholstered furniture and McMansions the size of a small principality.
And with Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly promising to complete the project in two years, it will need to do so quickly.
“While there are reports that a minority of protesters used violence including throwing stones at the police, this does not justify such an excessive and deadly response,” said Biraj Patnaik, Amnesty International’s South Asia director.
During a softball game between journalists and the Carter staff in Plains, Ga., she met Al Hunt, then a reporter for The Wall Street Journal.
“There are tears in my eyes,” Cappelletti said on the sideline.
Members of the Islamic State have periodically threatened to carry out attacks in Russia in retaliation for its intervention in the Syrian conflict, among other reasons.
But as the Americans continue their quest to qualify for next summer’s World Cup in Russia, Arena needed to discover how younger players — Kellyn Acosta, Bobby Wood, Paul Arriola and others — would fare in the crucible of Azteca, so he made seven changes to the starting squad from Thursday.
His wife, Gina Nanni, confirmed his death, at NYU Langone Medical Center.
The result is “a decoupling of marriage and childbearing,” according to the authors, with larger percentages of children brought up in single mother households.
He threw more fastballs then, and now he throws more curveballs than ever.
Yankees pitchers C. C. Sabathia (hamstring) and Adam Warren (right shoulder inflammation) are also out, while outfielder Jacoby Ellsbury only recently returned to the Yankees after being sidelined.
In budget documents published seven years ago, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority management, no doubt hoping to please the political leadership in Albany, declared that it was not worried about major cuts in funding: “It means doing more with less.
EN+ reported revenue of $5.8 billion in the first half of this year.
One troubling possibility: The world’s natural sponges for the greenhouse gas, like the ocean, are no longer able to keep up.
M. ASHRAF HAIDARI KABUL, AFGHANISTAN The writer is director general of policy and strategy, Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
While this week’s quake struck nearly 450 miles from the capital, off the coast of Chiapas State, the one in 1985 was much closer to the capital, so the shaking proved much more deadly.
Besides, boys and girls need to see women can be as strong as men!
Instead, HNA, in making the unusual decision to transfer such a large portion of its ownership to an American foundation, raises questions about how it will comply with United States tax law.
“It really didn’t bother me,” she said, adding that she was confident she could have prevailed in the primary and in the election.
These annual reports by China’s prime minister are traditionally used for laying out generalities, not specific policies.
Rejection, of course, is not the sole province of the seller.
Twelve years ago our marriages ended, and several months later our exes moved in together.
“These are weak bonds, but they’re still held together,” he said.
The company’s mobile app will do something similar.
At 10:32 a.m., “a correctional officer made a radio call for immediate assistance from within C Building, which houses over 100 inmates,” Sgt.
Most of the pleasures of “Lost in Paris” come from watching the coincidences multiply as Fiona, Dom and Martha narrowly miss one another.
Bebe Saldana, 31, a housekeeper walking by the grassy corner where the building will rise, said that she would like to get to know some of the L.G.B.T.
President Trump, who previously expressed sympathy for DACA recipients, called for the issue to be resolved “through the lawful democratic process,” saying that the program amounted to executive overreach by Mr. Obama.
Who can argue with that?
They noted that last year Cleveland had also trailed the Warriors three games to one, but came back to win the championship, an epic feat, to which the Warriors responded by adding the 7-foot Durant to their deadly lineup.
So it’s disappointing.” She said that her best mentors have been Arianna Huffington and Diane von Furstenberg.
How can we counter this downfall?
The first time Fernando Salas, a relief pitcher from Mexico, spoke with reporters after the Mets acquired him from the Los Angeles Angels at the end of August, he gamely tried English, which he is still learning, and was roundly applauded for his efforts.
Much more research is needed before the method could be tested in clinical trials, currently impermissible under federal law.
The American airstrikes pose a new danger to civilians, killing an estimated 800 people since the United States-led coalition began its assault on the city in June, according to the Syrian Observatory, an independent group, and more than 150 in August alone, according to the United Nations .
Such a move would result in higher prices for American consumers, create profound challenges for industries with supply chains that span the border, and possibly prompt the collapse of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Waldstein: Gone are the days of Jack Morris and Sandy Koufax going the distance in a Game 7.
Sam Brownback’s experiment in cutting taxes for his state was repudiated by his Republican-controlled Legislature, dealing a potential blow to similar conservative plans outside of Kansas.
Human rights groups have said the president may have committed crimes against humanity by inciting such killings, many of which witnesses have described as being carried out in cold blood, despite police claims of self-defense.
He is optimistic that he will find buyers for all of them.
“I came from a traditional family where good little girls didn’t work,” Ms. Dongre said.
21 North Dutcher Street , Irvington 8 WEEKS on the market $929,000 list price 5% ABOVE list price SIZE 3 bedrooms, 2½ baths DETAILS A 97-year-old Dutch colonial with a kitchen with a breakfast bar and window seat, an enclosed front porch, a living room with a fireplace and a detached two-car garage.
The Senate has a special rule to prevent abuse of the budget reconciliation process.
During President Barack Obama’s troop surge after 2010, frequent civilian casualties caused by airstrikes were a main reason that relations deteriorated between Washington and President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan.
Phoolvati is still haunted by the image of her daughter, Bahomani, clutching the aluminum box with the family’s valuables as the rickety rescue boat pushed away from her house.
He was ultimately convicted of sedition, transporting firearms and transporting explosives.
We have to get rid of chainlike immigration, we have to get rid of the chain.
It even built a movie studio there, drawing stars like Nicole Kidman, John Travolta, Leonardo DiCaprio, Zhang Ziyi and others to its opening four years ago.
President Vladimir V. Putin sent the Russian military to Syria in September 2015 in order, he said then, to battle militants on their own turf before they could strike in Russia.
Clijsters retired in 2012 at 29.
Derek Nguyen, who, with A. Sayeeda Moreno, was pitching “I’m Not Down ,” about a fight against gentrification in the East Village, paced the block outside.
The test was repeated a week later — still no bugs.
That, local residents say, has tamped down violence there, notably the Syrian government’s aerial bombing campaign.
They were so excited they got out of the car before it was fully parked.
National Democratic groups have not spent a dollar on their own television or radio commercials promoting Mr. Jones, a former federal prosecutor.
Musical entertainment at the grotto, which is on the National Register of Historic Places, will include an Elvis impersonator.
But much of the movie, from its attempts to capture the confusing exhilaration of youthful experience to its predictable progressive character dynamics, is labored.
A detached three-car garage has a walk-up attic.
(Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $30.)
They examined the patient and then left, promising to come back after lunch.
“We’re hitting and not pitching, or pitching and not hitting.
Despite the Islamic State’s territorial retreat, it remains capable of deadly attacks.
Last week, the Department of Health and Human Services proposed regulatory changes to the law, one of which would allow insurers to reduce benefits and force people to pay higher deductibles on future policies.
Our fans have come to expect a shot of them last.”
If so, enjoy the imaginary peep show, but don’t call it history.
The Congress’s reliance on reactionary upper-caste Hindus also prevented the very possibility of emancipatory politics for dalits until the early 1990s.
The Evelyn Wood SPEED READing Dynamics course was at the forefront of reading incredibly fast and then getting on with your day, unless you wanted to really enjoy what you were reading, in which case you could always enroll in “Saturday Night Live”’s “ Evelyn Woodski Slow Reading Course .” ■ 2D: Don’t despair if you don’t know how many sides a loonie has; work the crossings.
It would cut funding for rental assistance and job training.
“I started to see a resilience.” And so “Shelter,” set to the sound of drums and poetry, became about that strength, too.
The disturbances began in July, when Indian security forces killed Burhan Wani , a top commander for Hizbul Mujahedeen.
The House bill would increase the tax credits given to families with children, but also eliminate the personal exemption given to every taxpayer.
• Andrew Scott’s portrayal in a London production of “Hamlet,” above, almost banishes other performances from memory, our visiting critic writes .
He was just throwing the ball where he wanted to.” The Yankees gave Pineda a 1-0 lead in the third when Gardner struck out but reached on Alex Cobb’s wild pitch, then raced home on Jacoby Ellsbury’s double into the right-center gap.
The backyard is propped with Brimfield finds — seats made from rusty milk cans, vintage signs — and above, a web of industrial light bulbs.
There were indications years earlier that employees were acting improperly to meet sales targets, though nothing was ever done to address the issue until regulators finally took action.
Yemeni government security forces have been deployed in most of former Qaeda strongholds but the militants still exist in Baydha and Shabwa’s Sayed district.
But the Trump administration seized on the decision to slap tariffs on the industry’s exports as a way to demonstrate the president’s tough-on-trade posture.
The couple met on Tinder in July 2015.
The parents remain in jail and are both being held on a $1 million bond.
Whatever my intentions had been, it felt a bit ghoulish to be there, to watch a person sitting within earshot of a roomful of soldiers and civilians revisiting in great detail the worst decision of his life.
(But read my review .)
But at the same time, they are typically not “media savvy or advertising savvy,” said Kristy Sammis , the chief innovation officer of Clever, an agency that connects brands with a network of vetted influencers.
In his brief time at the White House, Mr. Scaramucci seemed to epitomize its chaos.
On 2016 fourth-grade state assessment tests, 70 percent met English language arts standards, compared with 55.6 percent statewide; 63 percent met mathematics standards, compared with 48 percent statewide.
At least, if Numbers were in charge, that would be true.
That’s what we stand to lose and that’s the problem.
“La Belle Sauvage” is the first volume of a new Pullman trilogy that starts before “His Dark Materials” begins and will continue, the author says, nearly a decade after it finishes.
Back then, Justice Alito wrote that the case “concerns bizarre and objectionable testimony.” In dissent on Wednesday, Justice Clarence Thomas, joined by Justice Alito, said, “Texas had good reason for treating this case differently from the others.” “This is the only one” of the six cases, Justice Thomas wrote, quoting from Justice Alito’s 2011 opinion, “where ‘it can be said that the responsibility for eliciting the offensive testimony lay squarely with the defense.’” But Chief Justice Roberts wrote that an expert presented by the defense had special force.
Mueller is seen as incorruptible, so his conclusions will most likely be seen as unimpeachable.
In their isolation, Adam watches his mother grow more eccentric, perhaps even deranged.
So, without fanfare, I became a gun owner.
One of the best Mexican places we’ve ever been to is La Morada — their quesadillas, guacamole and tacos are awesome.
In the years since, paramilitary officers from the Special Activities Division have trained and advised a small army of Afghan militias known as counterterrorism pursuit teams.
Dear Diary: My plan for the day was to pay a quick visit to the Museum of the City of New York in the morning, grab something to eat and go to the Met in the afternoon.
It came up a few times, and he was just kind of like, we’re going to outlast him because change is moving forward.
The disposal of the large sum of cash came around a year after the European Central Bank said it would phase out the €500 in a bid to curb money laundering and combat financing of terrorist acts.
Carnegie Hall is hosting the conductor Daniel Barenboim and the Staatskapelle Berlin.
On Twitter on Wednesday, Mr. Dalio called Mr. Comey “a man of integrity and a hero” and a person with “high principles operating in a low-principles environment.” A big law firm is another possibility.
I have so much anxiety and so much anger that it’s hard to focus.
(“Give only weak cocoa to young children.”) Roosevelt offers her full-throated support of public education, outlines her belief in raising independent children and works through her developing thoughts about work-life balance.
The men were attending the Group of 20 summit meeting in Hamburg, Germany, where the United States found itself isolated on issues including trade and climate change.
I was driving cross-country and stopped in Texas to pick up a cousin of mine.
So, yeah, there’s nothing to say.
I feel like what we all want now is something very personal and human: a real show, in a real room, in front of real people, who experience it together.
For Mr. McConnell, cutting taxes is a much higher priority than health care, which time and President Trump have turned into quicksand for him and his fellow Republicans.
He fled his father’s home at 17 and reconnected with the Asian community via his mother.
Ms. Griffin went online on Tuesday night to express regret.
One of the trial’s principal investigators, Dr. Eric Rimm of the Harvard T. H. Chan School of Public Health, has acknowledged through various financial disclosures that he has been paid to speak at conferences sponsored by the alcohol industry and received reimbursement for travel expenses.
“He had to enserf every soul psychologically,” he wrote.
Everybody Classic Trash Tee, $25, everybody.world — ALEX TUDELA Any given week, there’s a new project, show or collection from a T contributor that we can’t get enough of — including the exhibition that the creative director Michael Reynolds recently curated at the new Hostler Burrows space.
In the early 1970s, the federal Pell grant — created to help those of modest means continue their education beyond high school — covered more than the entire cost of community college and about 90 percent of what it took to attend a four-year state school, including room, board and books.
Female pop stars might seem to offer the yin to football players’ yang, but in the music-video era, these women’s work requires its own athleticism, timing, discipline and unerring performance under pressure.
His former boss, the CNN President Jeff Zucker, said that he had been unaware of inappropriate behavior.
also found vials of smallpox in a freezer that had been forgotten for 50 years.
When Sadie’s email and itinerary arrived the following day, I was strangely touched.
The gym rat pack is wise to measure success differently.
But it worked in the Dodgers’ favor, as Edwards walked Darvish on four pitches to hand Los Angeles a 4-1 lead.
display about turning spinach leaves into hydrogen fuel as well as a lovely young dancer who performed an interpretive dance on the themes of solar and thermal power and alternative fuels transportation.
I have a certain look, I think, that makes young journalists feel a little more liberated, too.
“I should have stopped him.” Ms. Abramson declined to comment further to The Times.
It won only one seat in Parliament, electing a representative who later quit the party .
Officials keep its exact location secret for fear it could meet its death via a reckless researcher or a bark-craving horde of Instagrammers.
But where the former vice president invested heavily in diplomacy, Mr. Trump issued a blunt warning to Pakistan that it faced penalties — not least in terms of lost American aid — if it did not do better in eliminating sanctuaries for extremists.
The test is best exemplified by the fact that Mr. Cooper has been unable, thus far, to find a way to undo the Republican-backed law known as House Bill 2, which curbs protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.
Finally, have you been waiting for the third installment of N.K.
Better to scroll through Instagram or Snapchat, where, at least, most people aren’t constantly anxious about the news.
“But Mr. Trump or any president has to first propose their budget to Congress, so you need to get to the president to impact his budget if you hope to get your financial support from Congress.” He said the meetings had already borne fruit because Mr. Trump had signed an order moving a longstanding initiative supporting historically black colleges and universities from the education department into the White House, where some black leaders thought it would carry more weight.
As a matter of narrow justice, it makes little difference; true or not, her claims did not justify any serious penalty, much less death.
At 16, Ms. Rone started working — first at a community college, then at a children’s clothing store — to help her mother with household expenses.
But Mr. Shaub said he was worried that with Mr. Apol in charge, decades’ worth of ethics rulings might be revised in a way that will make it easier for Mr. Trump and members of his administration to bend federal ethics rules.
Just three decades ago these numbers were almost exactly the reverse: The bottom 90 percent owned nearly 40 percent of all wealth.
The work is striking for its juxtaposition of the Old and New Testaments.
Based on interviews with numerous women from banks, hedge funds, other asset managers, financial law practices and private equity firms, it appears that dozens of industry women in New York, and perhaps significantly more, intend to make the trek to Washington to participate in the march on Saturday.
“It’s a demonstration of desire,” he told the crowd, “the desire to picture a new future,” he continued, in a literary language he says was imbibed early during a studious childhood, in his new campaign book — commentators have mocked the grandeur of the title — “Revolution.” In his speech Mr. Macron claimed the mantle of left, right, center, Charles de Gaulle, and other factions, as well as writers like Émile Zola, Charles Péguy and René Char, all under the floating aegis of a “will to assemble” and “reconciliation.” “And the Gaullists,” he said, “did they not carry in their genes this will to assemble, this will not to capitulate to any faction, this incompatibility with conservatism, hatred of the other, and of division?” The crowd erupted in cheers of “Macron, President!” He spoke of lowering taxes on companies, restraining capitalism, swiped at the “obscurantism” of Trump’s America and denounced the National Front for “betraying fraternity because it detests those faces that don’t resemble it.” Mostly, it wasn’t concise or specific, but the crowd had not come for that.
In fact, Nigerian ringback tunes like Harrysong’s “Mandela” are more popular than songs by Snoop Dogg or other American artists, according to MTN.
But the pitching coach Larry Rothschild got his attention, and Girardi returned to his perch on the top railing of the dugout.
“Warren was approached by probably more people than he expected,” says Mr. Polman, declining to say who did so.
He’d studied her media appearances so closely that he knew her tics, her tendency to put a hand up and partly block her mouth, and by the time they met in person, he felt as if he already knew her.
Of these, “4 Little Girls” (1997), about the Birmingham church bombing, and “When the Levees Broke” (2006), about Hurricane Katrina, are two of the best documentaries ever made about black life — or perhaps just life — in the South.
I haven’t seen a Wirecutter or Sweethome evaluation of coffee machines that use pods.
No one was seriously injured.
When you kill innocent children, innocent babies, babies, little babies, with a chemical gas that is so lethal, people were shocked to hear what gas it was, that crosses many many lines, beyond a red line.
Others, like tutus, were not.
The Bagger nabbed Bryan Cranston at the HBO party, too.
A retired self-made millionaire publisher of legal and technical manuals, Mr. Farmer was an enrolled Republican until 1980, when he contributed $1,000 to the presidential campaign of Representative John B. Anderson, an Illinois Republican.
Representative Nydia M. Velázquez, a co-sponsor of the bill, said: “During the darkness of that day, we saw New Yorkers rally together to care for one another and respond to the attack.
The government used that authority to make 48,642 requests in 2015 but only half that many in 2016.
But when faced with an actually high-probability, high-impact threat called climate change, we should do nothing and poke both our eyes out, even though if the impact is less severe — and we prepare for it anyway — we will be left healthier, stronger, more productive, more resilient and more respected around the world.
“All the words in the world are no substitute for visible evidence of generosity, and checks flowing to families in need.”
“He’s an energy and oil consultant, excellent guy,” he told The Washington Post .
Both sides should put in an effort here: Light sleepers (like me) should try out ear plugs or white noise.
By asking prosecutors to evaluate the evidence, he has a ready-made reason not to appoint a special counsel if they do not recommend one.
After losing to Connecticut by 61 points in the first round of the N.C.A.A.
He is also investigating whether Mr. Trump tried to obstruct justice when he fired James B. Comey , the F.B.I.
Part of the answer is that many of the newly insured don’t know that they’re being covered via Obamacare, or at any rate don’t realize that they will lose coverage if it’s repealed.
This may have made sense in the late 1940s, when Europe was prostrate and the Soviet Union was marauding.
The Judiciary Committee, meanwhile, has struggled to get a fledgling investigation off the ground.
“People that might not necessarily think about the fire season that much are really getting hit with the reality,” Professor Creighton said.
In “The Ladies Man” (Saturday), he plays a college graduate who moves into a women’s boardinghouse, for which a gigantic, intricately detailed set was constructed.
“The auto industry has definitely been in the lead, paving the way for zero waste for heavy manufacturing,” said Gary Liss, the first president of the U.S.
To us, “resistance” has to include opposition to the lie that freedom can be bought with the blood of our preborn children.
Robert W. Baird & Company.
That’s the mind-set we have, and I think the fans understand.” Soon after the Padres hired Preller in August 2014, he engineered a flurry of trades for veterans like Matt Kemp, Craig Kimbrel and Justin Upton.
The new French president, Emmanuel Macron, whose election has renewed confidence among Europeans, said bluntly: “Our world has never been so divided.
“I just got angry,” Ms. Briskman said.
Although she goes to school, she abides by the curses, bad omens and taboos of her local culture.
Television footage showed children sleeping on sidewalks along streets near the slum, as health workers distributed food and other supplies.
When it comes to insurance claims, it is ideal to have photographs or video of both the interior and exterior of homes, automobiles, boats, etc.
[ The New York Times ] The campaign to eliminate Columbus Day continues apace in California.
From Reddit chats to Facebook groups, people are finding common passions across borders, languages and nationalities.
Both Portland, Ore., and San Francisco have liquid disposal stations — effectively sinks on wheels — before security checkpoints.
“If you look at The Hollywood Reporter’s powerful women list,” said Janice Min, the former editor of that publication, “every single one of those women still reports to a man.” (By some estimates, there are only six women who have first-look overhead producing deals at the studios.)
It was a luxury that Mr. Ahmed knew they could not afford for their family of six, but for some reason it had stuck with him.
In a post on the legal site Just Security , Mr. Hathaway called Mr. Trump’s executive order “willfully blind” to the United States’ obligation under that law.
Directed by Dee Rees (“ Pariah ”), the sprawling drama follows two families — one white and one black — in rural Mississippi during World War II and its aftermath.
When he began calculating value-added scores en masse , he immediately saw that the ratings fell into a “normal” distribution, or bell curve.
“There’s no doubt that we’re executing better.
They have a different set of personalities when they’re not on camera.” The book evokes the intensity of television news: long hours, pressure for scoops and ratings, the coarse humor that goes along with covering massacres and tragedies.
(Amazon’s Thursday night streaming does not begin until Week 4.)
(Some news was unavoidable; when Mr. Flynn resigned, a journalist friend texted me about it.)
My closest friends were all crying.
Immigration was a central focus of high-level talks last week in Washington, where India’s foreign secretary, Subrahmanyam Jaishankar, met with senior American foreign policy officials.
Eighteen months ago, her donated kidney dropped into the warning area for kidney function.
It could have conditions favorable for life.
“That means I’m getting old.” The former Mets broadcaster KEVIN BURKHARDT will handle play-by-play.
Just inside the entrance Friday afternoon, Joe Dickie and his wife, Beth Cottey, discussed with their son and a friend whether they should go see a performance by Willie Nelson’s son, or a rock band called Royal Blood.
The county clerk, John Gleason, who certified the petitions, called that “voter intimidation and harassment.” Ms. Weaver denied any wrongdoing and said the criticisms were politically motivated.
Looking deep into the national soul, Chinese intellectuals blamed the lack of civic morality for China’s weakness.
Immediately after the deal was announced, Belveron offered to buy the property for $25 million more than Brooksville and Rockpoint offered.
After seven seasons, this sitcom ends.
She’s become infatuated with a poet she barely knows, a black man with a “face cabdrivers pretend not to see,” and every minor interaction with him seems to make her life with Khalil feel counterfeit.
One Navy SEAL team member died and three others were injured in that mission, and as many as 25 civilians were killed.
The episodes, they said, occurred in the late 1990s.
Mr. Hudlin spent years writing “Black Panther,” the Marvel comic, and Mr. Boseman played the character in “Captain America: Civil War” and next year’s “Black Panther” and “Avengers: Infinity War.” The filmmakers said “Marshall” works, as origin stories should, even if the audience arrives at the theater knowing nothing about its central figure.
I think Madeleine would be very happy the way things turned out.” So does her sister.
“Since her babies are under her lungs she can’t expand down, so she expands her lungs out,” on the sides, said Adrienne B. Hancock, an associate professor in the department of speech and hearing sciences at the George Washington University.
Mr. Trump greeted Mr. Trudeau warmly, a reception similar to the president’s greeting last week to Shinzo Abe, Japan’s prime minister.
While in office, Mr. Perdue collected $25,000 in gifts and benefits from companies and individuals in apparent violation of rules he put in place.
The dealer, Jamal Ahmed, said he had refused to transfer the money to Dubai because it would be considered money laundering, but agreed to reimburse the first lady in installments, according to an affidavit submitted to the High Court of Zimbabwe.
Any argument that can be cast as insensitive or offensive to a given group of people isn’t treated as being merely wrong.
The first issue features contributions from Stephen Shore, Steven Meisel, Bruce Weber and of course, Ghesquière.
Nathan Morton, wearing a #buildthewall shirt, said he was approached by a man and woman and cursed out in the clubhouse of his Santa Rosa apartment complex.
20 Ivo Karlovic followed his tournament-record 84-game first-round win with a straight-sets victory over the wild-card entry Andrew Whittington.
You’re there to say, “This is what was happening behind closed doors that had a huge effect on your life, a huge effect on my life.” WORK “Reykjavik” NEGOTIATION In 1986, following the work of the Geneva summit, Reagan and Gorbachev meet in Reykjavik to discuss a weapons treaty.
Its rollback is a black mark on our country’s history, and one we have to erase soon.
Mr. Iriondo, 95, is one of the last survivors of a notorious assault on Guernica during the Spanish Civil War in 1937.
We compounded the issue by liking his red even more, a 2013 pinot noir from Red Tail Ridge in the Finger Lakes.
Just write for help: cookingcare@nytimes.com .
If you were sympathetic, it was a knowing smile, an inclusive smile, a “let’s not stoop to that level, but can you believe this” smile.
“The way you beat perception is by education.” The U.S.G.A.
President Barack Obama’s administration tried to deal with a resurgent Taliban with a surge in troop numbers for a specific period.
Students earn up to two years of college credit.
But that inaccurate information has drawn new attention to a real problem.
Mayor Bill de Blasio had just arrived for a meeting with Jewish leaders on Tuesday morning to discuss a disturbing rise in the number of hate crimes aimed at Jewish community centers and organizations when he was briefed by police officials about the latest incident: a bomb threat at the office of the Anti-Defamation League in Manhattan.
His campaign and the Republican Governor’s Association signaled to the White House at a meeting this spring that they preferred the reliable hand of Vice President Mike Pence, who campaigned with Mr. Gillespie on Saturday, over Mr. Trump in a state where the president is loathed in the vote-rich population centers but well-liked in many rural areas.
But Ainslie, the most prominent sailor in Britain with his four Olympic gold medals, had long planned this uniform change and this British team, even if he had to be very patient.
On “Forms and Sounds,” from 1967, for woodwind quintet, the stippled, tense energy of the oboe and the clarinet spritzed the curious lines of Max Grube’s bassoon.
We have grown so used to subordinating everything to money that the question seems absurd.
“Are you kidding me?” Elizabeth Knight, a cafe organizer who lived in Hoboken, N.J., for more than 20 years, said she often found “great trash picking” there.
But the post — “10 Concerts I’ve Been To, One is a Lie” — might also be an invitation to a midlevel threat to your online privacy and security, experts said.
According to Mr. Sykes: In a stunning demonstration of the power and resiliency of our new post-factual political culture, Mr. Trump and his allies in the right media have already turned the term “fake news” against its critics, essentially draining it of any meaning.
, the children’s wing of Broken Box Mime Theater, this show will play hit music, feature a speaking M.C.
American officials called for calm in the standoff between forces that are otherwise allies in the American-led coalition fighting the Islamic State.
The sound’s aesthetic lineage is traceable through several of that city’s micromovement stars over the last few years — Spaceghostpurrp and the Raider Klan, Denzel Curry, Yung Simmie, Fat Nick and Pouya.
Ms. Jessen said that he had been shot under the armpit and that the bullet had traveled down his torso to his hip.
Incidents that are unclear are investigated after the race, and drivers and other team personnel are often called in to plead their cases and provide supporting data.
“In general, there was some sense of disappointment in the overall ability for cyberoperations to land a major blow against ISIS,” or the Islamic State, said Joshua Geltzer, who was the senior director for counterterrorism at the National Security Council until March.
For example, the Obama administration, through public statements and behind-the-scenes diplomacy, helped win the release of imprisoned journalists in Ethiopia and Vietnam.
director, James B. Comey; his disclosure of highly sensitive intelligence to the Russians; and his plea to Mr. Comey to drop the bureau’s investigation of his fired national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn — Mr. Trump has found shelter on the right, where the collective judgment of the conservative media and the Republican Party so far seems to be to dismiss the allegations as “fake news,” shift the blame and change the subject.
To really challenge the youth in my community to follow in the lead of Standing Rock to fight for their own people, because if they don’t, this black snake will not die again.” All believed their work had to spread, not because they necessarily believed they could stop the pipeline but because the movement had connected, as Lopez told me, “youths who would otherwise never have had much interaction.” He offered a practical reason as well: In December, back home in Denver, he got a call from a young person on the verge of suicide.
Mr. Trump’s decision was not a pardon, and Mr. Rubashkin, who had been imprisoned in Otisville, N.Y., must still pay restitution and complete a term of supervised release.
So the relationship is complicated,” she said.
Now, 30 years after he died from complications of AIDS, Mr. Hujar is finally getting his due: a traveling retrospective, organized by the Morgan Library & Museum.
And the Ancienne Belgique concert hall put up a sign that said, “ Don’t duck for Donald .” —Claire Barthelemy Ahead of the NATO meeting, Mr. Trump met the Belgian prime minister, Charles Michel, on Wednesday and spoke at a news conference in which he denounced those who were behind the bombing attack in Manchester, England, that left 22 people dead, including children, and about 60 others injured.
Yet bonds issued by Venezuela’s national oil company, Petróleos de Venezuela, or Pdvsa, have attracted some of world’s most sophisticated investors.
The authors acknowledge that the data depends on self-reports from patients who were not examined clinically.
______ A day after an immigrant from Uzbekistan plowed a pickup truck into people along a crowded bicycle path in Manhattan, killing eight, President Trump said he would push Congress to cut immigration rates and end the relatively small “diversity visa program” that brought the driver to the United States.
The old days was a lot better.
But it proved a massive miscalculation: Younger audiences in particular showed very little interest, even with Mr. Ritchie (“Sherlock Holmes”) in the director’s chair.
Not everything is surf and sand and eye candy, though.
Andrew Cuomo on New Year’s Eve means that lower-income New Yorkers will continue to wait for equal justice.
The contact failed, and the Communists lost faith,” she said.
The education issue won’t be easy for all state pollsters to fix.
The White House has been more focused on the beleaguered Mr. Tillerson’s public offer to begin talks with North Korea on any issues, even “the weather,” from which he backtracked on Friday in a presentation to the United Nations.
The emails were published by The Associated Press.
Ms. Coulter, a longtime conservative pundit and author, has often delighted in provoking liberals with comments many have deemed offensive.
The cluster program began in 2000 under Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, with a few hundred apartments.
Inaugurated 20 years ago by Mr. Beyeler (13 years before his death), the foundation is based in an airy glass-fronted building by Renzo Piano, the Pritzker Prize winning Italian architect.
A major investigation by our reporter Eric Lipton is part of a series examining the reshaping of regulations under President Trump.
As someone who has lived at the corner of Bleecker and Perry Streets for 27 years, he has witnessed the rise and fall of a luxury shopping district that grew out of workaday surroundings in the 1990s and has left empty storefronts in its wake.
Jeff Jones, Uber’s president of ride sharing, has left the company after just six months, and Brian McClendon, vice president of maps and business platform at the company, also plans to leave, the company said.
Just 8.3 percent of them had any sort of disclosure, and the bank accepted only 15 of the 434 total applicants.
“So when you have that kind of gap, it’s a window into the mind-set that anything is possible, so why not take a run at it?” Technically, yes — Tebow, an outfielder, is taking the spot of another prospect who did not miss a dozen years.
But Mr. Schumer suggested that the president would find Democratic votes only if he defied his party and embraced a huge spending bill, rather than just offering tax incentives for companies to build roads, bridges and railways.
That means the numbers released Wednesday could be the high-water mark for the industry’s impressive comeback from the depths of the recession, when annual sales fell below 11 million vehicles and General Motors and Chrysler needed government bailouts to survive.
“All I see is friends trying to help each other and that’s it,” said Ms. Maultsby, who lives in Hillside and works as an auditor for New Jersey Transit.
“You don’t have access to A.A. meetings seven days a week,” he said.
Separately, John F. Kelly, the homeland security secretary, has expressed skepticism in the past about the effectiveness of a border wall, telling senators at his confirmation hearing that a “physical barrier will not do the job.” Some local officials who support heightening border security in their communities say the president’s tone can be unhelpful, crowding out nuanced discussion of the challenges they face.
“The technology sets our company apart,” Mr. Cottle said in a video on the company website.
What started off as simple influenza was now even more dangerous because of this possible slow overdose.
Over the long term, tax reform has become a vehicle for ratcheting down the amount of money available for public purposes.
When I asked, they said they didn’t even want the help.
Mr. Reyes said he tossed a bag with cocaine into the back of his car and called Mr. Alston to speed over in his own police car.
On Thursday, the snowfall is likely to be heaviest during the morning commute, Mr. Morrin said.
He contacted the police that spring, claiming that his daughter had been abused and, later, that his family had been replaced by look-alikes.
Williams, while past his prime at 32, has settled into a productive role as a secondary player.
On Friday, Lyft, the ride-hailing company, announced that it was developing its own self-driving technology, marking yet another company’s gamble that the future of transportation will be marked by self-driving cars.
That would mean the investments that companies had been planning, based on an expectation of a lower tax rate, would become much harder for them to justify.
Five years ago, Jonathan Ellis, a property developer, heard rumors that a lost work by the mysterious graffiti artist known as Banksy was hidden under a layer of paint on a brick wall in a weed-choked plot.
The empty frames serve not only as reminders of the works that are gone; they look like open arms, waiting to welcome them back.
Further gains will be more expensive.
Farhad: I only got to hold it for a few minutes.
Its members are huddled up around the table in the team room, eating brownies, ready to work.
Statuesque and always to-the-nines, Ms. Anderson loves fashion and recently opened the Charlotte Jones Collection , a boutique of fashion and novelty items for ardent Cowboys fans, in the Omni hotel on the grounds of the Star.
His tendency to cut factual corners to smooth the storytelling, as in that Flint segment, doesn’t help.
“The uniqueness of the time is the fact that you have one unhinged and misinformed sitting president pointing his gun at a former.
But the cluing seemed a bit tougher.
People who did not apply for a pardon under Mr. Shumilin can still apply to have marijuana possession convictions expunged from their record through a court process established under a 2013 state decriminalization law.
Anyone who eats seaweed — meaning almost everyone who ever eats sushi — gets plenty of iodine.
Even then, there is no guarantee: Despite all the sanctions heaped on North Korea in recent years, its economy grew 3.9 percent last year, by most estimates.
A secular, sacred safe space where the rest of the world does not encroach.
This is why President George W. Bush explicitly exempted Pepfar funding from the policy.
James Demers, Brooklyn, on nytimes.com When Coaston says, “And it was the voters who won,” I would point out that perhaps 40 percent of the voters won.
Does it matter that there may now be evidence of it?
“These cemeteries hold some of the iconic leaders of the past who in many ways have never been given their due honor,” Ms. McQuinn told me.
Back in April, Mr. Trump tweeted that if the Chinese don’t help the United States deal with the North Korean nuclear problem, “We will solve the problem without them!” This was followed by Mr. Trump’s threat to rain “fire and fury” down on North Korea.
While most museums want to attract as disparate a group as possible, others are deliberately reaching out to a specific segment of the population.
“I’m in a business relationship with these women,” he said.
“I can’t believe how many people do that eight times a week,” Mr. Spacey said.
Luyirika, executive director of the African Palliative Care Association, an advocacy group.
The fact is that when patients are prepared, they die better.
Mr. MacKenzie’s fake news headline inevitably brought to mind the murder of Jo Cox , a pro-Remain Labour lawmaker who was killed by a man with far-right leanings a week before the referendum.
A parenthetical sentence is a paradoxical thing.
Below is a selection of letters from readers who responded to our question about legalization.
Yemen also is facing a famine and a growing population of young children with severe malnutrition and stunted growth.
It is a military that, while not yet a rival to the United States, could soon be one.
On the morning of May 9, as he sat down with about three dozen students, a bomb that had been planted under his cushion went off.
“I’m not really sure if we could ever answer that question,” Matthew D. Weintraub, the Bucks County district attorney, said at a news conference.
City officials worry that rising sea levels might put the city’s drinking water at risk, because more reservoir water might be needed to maintain the salt line.
Most of the Indian employees work in IBM’s core business: helping companies like AT&T and Airbus manage the technical sides of their operations.
Walking through the halls, waiting for everyone to stare at me, and think, The Madman is back in the building.” “You need Mama Gorilla to open up five cans of whoop ass on somebody?” I laughed.
This is bigger than any one awards show, as many outraged observers have smartly tweeted and as I examined in a recent column about the hasty and successful gold rush by people who have earned renown or notoriety — I’m not sure those nouns are so distinct from each other anymore — as a result of their time with Trump.
In the years that I’ve written the column, the technology business has swallowed the world, becoming by far the largest and most consequential industry on the globe.
China ultimately won acceptance by playing the United States against the Soviet Union, not by rattling nuclear sabers.
Small businesses, however, can’t spread their medical costs over a large work force.
The college-for-all experiment did not work.
The footage was of a recent street protest and was made to look archival, not of a civil rights demonstration from the 1960s.
Don Hogan Charles photographed Mr. Hunt for an article about Harlem and its struggle to draw large crowds to its nightspots at a time of rising crime and racial tension.
“We cannot allow that to happen, and will not grant a long-term extension of mayoral control without first ensuring that all students have opportunities.” That is a problem for Democrats in the Assembly, who have their own financial backers in the public school realm and whose leader, Carl E. Heastie, of the Bronx, has been steadfast in saying no to an increase in the charter-school cap.
“There’s fighting day and night,” one resident said.
The writer is a Cornell alumna and part-time research assistant.
For us, it’s a very, very big problem.” Mr. Conte founded Patreon in 2013 and has since funded $100 million in art, with creators on the platform doubling their income every year.
The United States and many of its major European and Asian allies have taken a cautious approach to the project, leery of bending to China’s strategic goals.
“There was no doubt, whether we believed it was as hard as it is or not, we just chose to shrug it off, and hey, we’re just going to go to the next level and the next level.” He added: “It’s cool to have almost a dozen guys from our high school class out here on the PGA Tour in their early 20s.
As he himself says, Murphy does not meet your average trucker profile.
In a report released this week, Amnesty International accused the Tunisian police and security forces of employing repressive measures used by past dictatorships, including torture, deaths in custody, arbitrary house raids and often unlawful harassment of suspects, their families and communities.
Peru is not more corrupt than other Latin American states.
North Korea’s leader, Kim Jong-un, had just launched a missile over Japan, and President Trump had used his U.N. appearance to threaten to “totally destroy” Pyongyang .
“But it’s also like you’re making your own science experiment in your house.” Like Goldie, some children have turned slime into a business.
Mr. Friedman and several close collaborators were hoping to pursue a sequel to “ A Chorus Line .” The original musical, about a group of auditioning dancers, was set in 1975; the sequel would have been set a decade later, as that same generation of dreamers was laid waste by AIDS.
That’s actually a continuation of an informal Obama administration policy, but because of the way the decision was announced, it is likely to have broader effects on how many people report their insurance status to the government and how many people end up paying penalties for staying uninsured.
Mr. Samson was one of four allies of Mr. Christie to be convicted or to plead guilty to charges that arose from investigations into the closing of access lanes to the George Washington Bridge in 2013.
Or if you prefer another podcast player, you can find “The Daily” there.
Labour needs both ex-miners in South Wales who voted Leave in the referendum as well as urban youth who have never voted.
A key member of President Trump’s economic team, Mr. Mulvaney has long days and his time off is short.
In 1765, abandoned by James Hamilton, Rachel moved with their two sons to 34 Company Street where the three scratched out a meager subsistence operating a small dry goods store that sold provisions like rice, flour and salted fish.
How do you reduce the number of beneficiaries when the vast majority of people covered are poor children, poor pregnant women, the disabled, and poor older people?
One American was killed and another was injured, according to the State Department.
“I hadn’t caught fire; I thought I would at some point,” said Mr. Massey, who spent lavishly to build a team of experienced Republican consultants but struggled to settle into the role of political candidate.
“It requires urgent action, too, because as we have seen, people’s lives are at stake,” she said.
I see many a Columbus monument’s future , and its name is Bruce Springsteen.
Suddenly, all the experimental facts fell into place.
“Hard to believe that the Democrats, who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable, are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime,” he said, referring to sanctuary cities that limit assistance to federal authorities cracking down on illegal immigrants.
Well, maybe these people do not know that our defense department has been giving the NFL money for the last couple years, anyway.
Photographs bring the past to life and videos dance on the walls in this presentation of ideas born out of a fateful meeting: In 1960, Ms. Forti and Ms. Rainer attended a workshop with Ms. Halprin, held on her now-famous open-air dance deck in Marin County, California.
Democracy fully takes root only when all aspects of the political system assume that final authority rests with voters and elections.
By statute, the Commerce Department is required to deliver final reports on steel and aluminum to the administration by January 2018.
He lost that job Thursday .
“I come in the morning and it’s full of trash.” But a few blocks away, the other street seat was spotless.
Mr. Barris might have earned a brief mention in the obituary pages with one of his earliest accomplishments: He wrote the pop song “Palisades Park,” which became a hit for Freddy Cannon in 1962 and an emblem of that period of good-time rock ’n’ roll just before the genre’s harder, louder side emerged.
Both were charged with interfering in the investigation and eventually cleared, and Mr. Sefolosha ended up with a broken leg.
[ The New York Times ] • To save their land, the Goolarabooloo people of Australia revealed the location of dinosaur footprints that they had kept secret for thousands of years.
“I don’t think my husband would support me going,” said Stephanie Palmisano, 26, a medical worker who supported Hillary Clinton but whose husband voted for President Trump.
The impulse to ask for a raise may have come the moment you learned what that lazy co-worker was making.
Among its many attractions is one called “Bodies: The Exhibition,” an intriguing look at the miracle of the human form that leaves presumably unmentioned the damage done, say, from repeated blows to the head.
My relationship with the students is rather unlikely because none of the students can hold a regular conversation.
Christians don’t get to compartmentalize.
The house had a model train track and a tank of catfish but lacked toiletries like toothbrushes, The Inquirer reported.
Shakil Ahmad, a spokesman for the Afghan Army’s 215 Maiwand Corps in Helmand, put the toll at 10 killed and six wounded.
He said he liked that the development of the game “isn’t behind closed doors, like normal publishers.” For now, both donors are willing to wait for Star Citizen — even though its initial release of 2014 was pushed back to 2016, and has been pushed back again.
But it has suffered in recent years from a lack of funding as well as accusations of political bias, especially on matters related to the Israelis and Palestinians.
The crackdown has stretched far beyond the immediate culprits and has swept up people with vague links to the Gulen movement.
As a designer, Mr. Coppens had not shied from surreal zoological references.
Nadal and Müller’s fifth set alone went 2:15.
“I have always had to fight.
The ethics of this troubled many in the N.B.A., and eventually Sixers management as well.
Once the United States uses cyberweapons against nuclear launch systems — even in a threatening state like North Korea — Russia and China may feel free to do the same, targeting fields of American missiles.
The bride’s first marriage ended in divorce.
Such forethought and pretensions are beyond her.
Learn more and see usage examples across a range of subjects in the Vocabulary.com Dictionary .
He is my high school sweetheart.
After conducting a series of experiments that examined how people decide whether something is normal or not, we found that when people think about what is normal, they combine their sense of what is typical with their sense of what is ideal.
It just requires the courage and leadership to overcome the powerful special interests that benefit from existing loopholes — starting with the president’s own business, real estate.
When the 30 Major League Baseball owners convene for a conference call Friday afternoon, they are expected to ratify a new agreement with the players’ union and Nippon Professional Baseball of Japan.
That’s because we can’t help but want to fit into the way our society runs — the casual, hands-off, “nah, she’ll be right mate” approach to everything that is so deeply ingrained in our culture that we struggle to care enough to change anything for fear of being called out — not for breaking the rules, but for disturbing the peaceful, carefree status quo we’ve established.
He graduated from North Carolina Central University and received a master’s degree in sport management from Drexel.
She died, but they lived.
Mr. Sessions’s views have made him a target of critics who say he works too closely with people who have racist, xenophobic views.
I go to libraries, and I go to other people’s concerts and think about what kinds of composers are interesting.
He advised against a radical shift in American policy and emphasized the risks that Jordan would face if Israel were to become even more assertive about building settlements, according to people who spoke with Mr. Kushner and Stephen K. Bannon, the chief White House strategist.
The 4,000-square-foot building has three market-rate two-bedroom floor-throughs, with bay windows and a balcony on the second floor, and a terrace on the third.
And how can the national debt be up by 88 percent since 2009 while the federal deficit is down by 58 percent?” Patricia Cohen, an economics reporter for The Times, considers the question.
The president of the United States is lying again.
I can smack him down, like an insect.
Mr. Hart was also responsible for recruitment and promotions in Cuba’s Communist Party.
Years ago, fashion was something very few people were involved in; now it’s everywhere.
And it would give Sinclair more leverage over Fox’s owners, the Murdochs, because of its position as the biggest owner of Fox affiliates by far.
Mr. Chavin subsequently told investigators what Susan had told him, but still insisted she was an unreliable storyteller.
Mr. Conrad’s ideological break with Mr. Young is one of the many fascinating episodes of Mr. Conrad’s productive life ( he died last April at 76 ) covered in this film directed by Tyler Hubby.
“They’re supposed to make some kind of screwed-up choices.
“I can write the words,” he added, “but I don’t know anything about writing music.” “Do you know Simon?” Ms. Tolentino asked excitedly.
Even before they saw firefighters down the hill from her home, the family knew they needed to get out.
When the phone rang, it was a woman explaining that she had overseen the procedure, the results were in, and was this a good time to talk?
But some of the teenagers — classmates and teammates of Jordan, the unarmed black 15-year-old shot and killed a week ago by a white police officer in nearby Balch Springs — wore white and maroon Skeeter football jerseys.
Another lieutenant is accused of repeatedly sexually abusing inmates assigned to clean his office, or the hallway nearby.
Our guide to film series and special screenings.
Sharena Conte surprised her son, Cameron Conte, a “Hamilton” enthusiast, with “Spamilton” tickets for his 14th birthday.
Several attackers have come from the Jabel Mukaber neighborhood.
There are copious 3-D projections, holograms, interactive elements and even a ship simulator that reimagines the maritime journeys of wine merchants throughout history.
The move in Los Angeles was made over the objections of Italian American groups that view Columbus Day as a celebration of their heritage.
Viacom suffered a particularly bruising 2016: A proposed merger with CBS was cast aside , and a fight for control of the company led to the ouster of its longtime chief executive Philippe Dauman.
She hopped onto a couch, sat back on her heels and tapped on her phone.
Here’s how the fight started between Talib and Crabtree.
“Yes, we do have those collectible pieces,” Ms. Linton said, “but at the same time, people who buy this stuff are also people who love great design, and who would spend a couple thousand dollars on a Vetements piece.” Unsurprisingly, many of those people are fashion people, including the young Danish model Frederikke Sofie, fresh from a fitting for the Chanel show.
Was it a different experience to perform for tens of millions of people?
In 2013, 86 percent of celebrants said they would spend Christmas Eve or Christmas Day with loved ones, and 54 percent said they would attend a religious service.
Finally, after Senator Ted Cruz’s Twitter account liked a pornographic video , you knew he would be prime fodder for the late-night comics.
Canada has already been having a bit of a moment in New York, thanks partly to the feel-good Broadway musical “ Come From Away ,” about the kindness of Newfoundlanders toward stranded Americans in the days after 9/11.
So I guess I still root.
In 2015, two years after introducing Off-White, Mr. Abloh was the only American finalist for the prestigious LVMH Prize for young fashion designers.
Production design is ‘‘not design for design’s sake,’’ Becker says.
But wooden hangers are O.K.
There’s also the issue of authority: Whom should you seek knowledge from?
Andrew M. Cuomo wants there to be even fewer.
“He’s offered his services, and you know, it’s something we may take advantage of,” Mr. Trump said.
The Mexican history embedded in the video is what gives this show real gravitas, though.
His first stop in Gaborone, the capital, was the Tlokweng Clinic, where a small encampment of cervical cancer advocates had set up colorful tents.
Mr. Trump has expressed admiration for President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia.
I do love being there though, and even though my schedule is tight, I try to squeeze in some fun.
“I would say, by and large, it hasn’t been a huge disruption.” Mr. Trump’s trip also included his first visit to his New York City hometown as president, though he ultimately cut his time there short and left for Bedminster on Thursday.
“What the Supreme Court has said is you don’t have to change your name if you don’t want to, because you can protect it with a federally protected trademark,” said Josh Schiller, a lawyer at Boies Schiller Flexner in New York who specializes in sports and media law.
On important issues — abortion, education, parenting and religion, to name a few — left-leaning beliefs too often distort coverage.
His half brother, Craig Hampton, said doctors had not yet determined the cause.
Though he was a shy man and often painfully awkward in public, Mr. Newhouse hired some of the most charismatic magazine editors of the late 20th century, among them Tina Brown and Graydon Carter at Vanity Fair and Diana Vreeland and Anna Wintour at Vogue, and encouraged them to behave like the celebrities they extolled in his publications.
Native American groups and environmentalists have vowed to fight the move in court, and the legal battle could alter the course of American land conservation.
Tuesday’s federal charges, which also implicated the global marketing director for Adidas basketball, four assistant coaches at other Division I programs and several other men involved in college basketball, detailed a scheme to funnel money to two prospects in order to attend a university whose description matches Louisville, and of doing so with the knowledge of two unidentified coaches at the school.
• Here’s a guide to environmentally friendly apparel .
A confession: Until recently, the only time I spent a night on water was at age 8, when my parents booked our family of three on a cruise to Finland.
There will be no New York Today on Monday, in observance of Martin Luther King’s Birthday.
Iran, however, continued to blame Saudi Arabia and, as an accessory, President Trump.
A global framework strengthens competitiveness for American businesses.
• Shareholders are being asked to accept a halt to share buybacks for three to four years, and the company’s credit rating may suffer.
But the improvement stopped quickly this year.
The United States Embassy also did not comment.
Let me blow your mind: This wasn’t what it seemed.
San Jose City College in California, which graduates 19 percent of traditional students within three years, sees its graduation rate drop to 18 percent when part-time and returning students are included, even when the time frame is extended to eight years.
“This is how we manage,” said Mr. Shorris, displaying a dashboard app that blared red to show trends in the wrong direction.
As we slid off the chairlift, we could see the hut across the snow, and next to it, the young waiters setting up little tables with wine glasses that they filled with a local white wine so we could all “boire un verre” to celebrate the moment — another experience I doubt would have happened in America.
Obesity is a known risk factor for colon cancer, but earlier studies have reported mixed results about whether being overweight during adolescence confers a risk.
Sentenced to death in 1923 for political activities in his homeland, he escaped to Yugoslavia, then settled in Germany.
Whomever Mr. Trump chooses will inherit an agency still trying to recover from a series of flaps between 2011 and 2014 that badly hurt its credibility.
Trump should want to defeat ISIS in Iraq.
We have shifted our emphasis and broadened it.” Today, Wolforth said, he spends more time teaching mechanics, secondary pitches and command than teaching velocity.
The current $32 billion plan contains about $21 billion in what is called the “renew” category, which is the nuts and bolts of the system — track, signals, stations, fleet replacement.
Ignoring the perspective of biblical scholarship does readers a disservice.
And don’t tell me it’s like fried chicken when it’s tofu.” Bryant Terry cooks to counter the old ideas about vegan food.
This puzzle required several drafts after Will first expressed his enthusiasm for the theme.
He told me he voted for president for the first time ever last year — for Donald Trump.
This is an ominous turn of events.
A meeting was set up, but Mr. Callaham was still nervous about meeting his lifelong hero.
As the results announced Wednesday showed, Facebook’s dominance in internet advertising is surpassed only by Google’s.
“A lot of people use the Disney Dining Plan at Walt Disney World for perceived convenience and value,” Tom Bricker of the website Disney Tourist Blog wrote in an email.
“There’s an overwhelming sense of people being upset and a lot of uncertainty, and mostly feeling like it’s not a good thing,” she said.
This is how the technology works and what it now means for vehicle owners.
Their national team secured a scintillating upset on Sunday, defeating India, the defending titlist, to win its first International Cricket Council Champions Trophy.
The case stemmed from Mr. Newton’s purchase of a Las Vegas casino.
So anticipate a tea dress or two, some constructed jackets and a helping of skinny denim.
In Europe, they would go on to be revered not just as artists but as gods — gods who walked the earth, like anybody else.
In this podcast, Andrew Rosenthal, a Times opinion columnist, talks about the news — the good, the bad and that which makes him mad.
She took a moment to respond directly to Mr. Trump, who called her “ overrated ” in the midst of a barrage of posts on Twitter the morning after the Golden Globes.
The first group: people who simply are not taking their drugs.
With one exception, the men from the major parties vying to replace her who didn’t come in first in the Oct. 10 elections are complaining that the vote, which international observers say was fair, was not.
Mr. Bayrou announced a number of measures, some of which will require a revision of the country’s constitution.
That can winnow out some models pretty quickly.
“They’re rapacious, the Chinese,” declared Senator Charles Schumer of New York, the minority leader and moving spirit behind the proposals.
To further mollify the Turks, most of the fighters who will be involved in the assault on Raqqa are expected to be Arabs, and the Pentagon said the Y.P.G.
“They were damaged as children and didn’t make it.” Cardinal Pell later said that he had been too busy as a priest and educator to notice all that was happening.
“I trust the minor league guys and the scouts that we’ve gotten the reports from, but when those bright lights come on, it’s a whole different game.” Collins was asked on Sunday about the discouraging performances from fill-ins like Rafael Montero, Adam Wilk, Tommy Milone and Tyler Pill, and he paused eight seconds before responding.
As Angela made her way through the chaos into the HSM room, our perspective climbed high above her, suggesting her smallness within the Dark Army apparatus.
But Mr. Zinke also emphasized his support for drilling, mining and logging on federal lands, activities strongly opposed by many environmental groups.
(The tool, which has 540 0.3-millimeter needles, is rolled vertically, horizontally and diagonally across the face, as though the user is aerating a lawn.)
A phone call to the Atlanta department seeking comment was not immediately returned on Wednesday.
It’s just a greedy boy grabbing sweets.
‘‘It’s my voice,’’ Trump said of Twitter, enumerating how many millions of followers he had.
Instead, Mr. Podhoretz urges his readers to focus on Donald Trump Jr.’s morality, writing that his willingness to disrupt the election by working with a foreign power defines the word “disgraceful.” The Editorial Board of The New York Post has a less flattering characterization of the president’s son: In this op-ed , the editors call him an “idiot.” Read more » _____ • Yochi Dreazen in Vox : “The other shoe has finally fallen, and the Trump presidency may fall with it.” Typically, Mr. Dreazen writes, comparing political scandals to Watergate is “a very dangerous thing to do.” But if there’s evidence that the president knew about his son’s meeting with a Kremlin-connected lawyer, this scandal may rise to that level.
The plan would cap the city’s population at 23 million while expanding Tianjin and other nearby cities, linking them all together to create a megalopolis.
A cheating husband, a suspicious wife, contrition and melodrama.
But you’re going down a dangerous path when you hitch your wagon to an erotic ideal.
The prophetic conclusion: “We need to realize that much of what we think we know about how the world works is wrong.” — Damien Cave , Australia bureau chief _____ From The New York Times : Today’s collection of partisan writing showcases vigorous considerations across the political spectrum of the possible deal between President Trump and Democrats to replace the program that shields some young immigrants from deportation.
It has forced him to carve out an identity rooted in adjectives — streamlined, minimal, architectural — as opposed to place or theater.
Working to the last minute to finish the installation, they are similar to many artists who have limited gallery experience, despite having run a space of their own.
A sense of hospitality and warmth would come from the people in Bloodroot’s kitchen.
“We need a government here that worries more for the urban population than for the tourist zone.” In the first seven months of this year, the government opened 232 homicide investigations in Baja California Sur, most of them in Los Cabos, and some involving multiple victims.
As he discussed the plan, though, White had a bigger problem.
“Never before has the Bulletin decided to advance the clock largely because of the statements of a single person,” they wrote.
THE SUN IN YOUR EYES , by Deborah Shapiro.
These patients often die of something else — from dementia to heart disease to pneumonia — long before their cancers would ever have become a threat, said Dr. Deborah Korenstein, chief of general internal medicine at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York.
And while some critics have made Ms. Schutz’s race the overarching issue — that a white artist should not traffic in black pain — the problem is not about her race.
“Climate change is a threat multiplier,” Katharine Hayhoe, one of those researchers and a director of Texas Tech’s Climate Science Center, told me.
The interesting thing about Mr. Parnell’s race is that the Democratic Party did not pour in money and resources to help him.
With works by contemporary masters like Thomas Houseago and George Condo amid the fountains and traditional statuary, “We think new audiences will engage with art,” Ms. Flay said.
I used it this morning to explore our food report from 20 years ago , just to see what our reporters were up to back in the ’90s when Jewel was on top of the charts .
Other theaters host “Crybaby Matinees” and “Diaper Date Nights,” times when parents with babies are welcome .
The menu featured roast turkey, cranberry sauce and a molded ginger-ale fruit salad with toasted Triscuits — a short course in the history of American cuisine and a remarkable example of patriotism made edible.
In the former, there’s an ever-present utilitarian calculus — Is this working for me?
The trial, which is likely to explore broad questions of aesthetics, property rights and the relationship between the arts and gentrification, has, at its heart, pitted more than 20 graffiti artists whose work appeared in the beloved 5Pointz complex in Long Island City, Queens, against the owner of the buildings who demolished both them and the art adorning their walls.
Then something divine happened to bring us together.
Democrats have been incensed since the disclosure, with some calling for his resignation.
While some planning is a good idea when it comes to vacation pictures, don’t script all of your images — shooting anything that appeals to you while you’re exploring, whether it’s a pretty flower or local residents conversing at a sidewalk cafe, can also lead to album-worthy photography.
director, telling a gaggle of reporters in the Capitol that the move had been based on a recommendation by the deputy attorney general, Rod J. Rosenstein, and centered on Mr. Comey’s mishandling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server.
By the beginning of 1967, there were 490,000 American troops in South Vietnam — along with some 850,000 from South Vietnam, South Korea and other allies — and America’s civilian and military leaders were starting to think big.
Tickets : signaturetheatre.org “Groundhog Day” Andy Karl is not playing the shadow-spotting mammal of the title.
So, let’s stick to him this Christmas.
In an unnamed, war-ravaged city in the Muslim world, two young lovers face a wrenching choice.
[ The New York Times ] And in non-fire news: • And now there’s two: A second member of the California Assembly resigned in the face of sexual harassment allegations.
They’re at it again, only this time it’s the holidays.
In Korea, this is simply how she sources ingredients: In addition to cultivating an unruly garden, she forages ingredients from the mountains and the sea, with little but her own curiosity to guide her.
(This was six weeks before this year’s fires engulfed Southern California.)
Chicago’s lease of its parking meters to a group led by Morgan Stanley has become a prime example of privatization gone wrong.
The couple was introduced in December 2012 by mutual friends in Washington.
But hand in hand with those woes have been the Mets’ defensive limitations.
A RABBLE OF DEAD MONEY The Great Crash and the Global Depression: 1929-1939 By Charles R. Morris Illustrated.
Beyond that, Americans for Prosperity said it was prepared to bring “significant resources” to bear as needed.
“And they’re close like family.” Akuwovo said he would visit various high schools before making a decision.
Ms. Harper has assembled a cookbook of recipes, stories about Ms. Zausner’s travels and useful kitchen advice.
But he is always trying to learn more and to grow.
On Monday, following Mr. Lagerfeld’s comments, AFP reported that hundreds of viewers had complained to the Conseil Supérieur de l’Audiovisuel, the organization that oversees French broadcasting.
If hate can be taught, so can love.
But it would be several more years before I began to explore disability in my work.
But even though older adults are ostensibly worried about the kids, policymakers will never scale back academic competition, and most educators and parents are understandably loath to tell children, “Don’t work so hard.” If change is going to come, it should come from students, in the classroom.
In short, it is difficult to imagine a worse time for governing-party officials in this struggling Caribbean commonwealth to persuade Washington it is ready to become the 51st American state.
It doesn’t matter if the executive lied to senior management.
He lives in Los Osos.
Consumer watchdogs are fearful that some of the nation’s most vulnerable taxpayers will be harassed and that criminals will take advantage of the system by phoning people and impersonating I.R.S.
In Starrett City, a vast housing development, weekly pickups rose to 2,261 from 699.
He added, “It ruptured, but they were able to put it back in place and there wasn’t any issues, so they said it’s going to be a pretty positive recovery.” Severe patellar tendon injuries are common in football and basketball — sports that require cutting and planting that put additional stress on knees — but they happen only occasionally in baseball.
Mr. Paddock’s activities at the hotel have been carefully tracked.
Along similar lines, over here we’re having an ever-expanding reckoning with sexual predators in the entertainment industry.
Obama’s deportation policies called for aggressive enforcement against individuals who pose a clear risk to national security; serious felons, repeat offenders, or individuals with a lengthy criminal record of any kind; known gang members or other individuals who pose a clear danger to public safety; and individuals with an egregious record of immigration violations, including those with a record of illegal re-entry and those who have engaged in immigration fraud.
Harbour paid $10,000 or less for each of these homes in most cases, then sold them “as is” to buyers for sometimes as much as four or five times the purchase price, The Times found in its investigation last year.
While governments have some data on children who left with their parents, the Islamic State bans contraception, and a woman’s duty is to create the next generation of warriors.
But perhaps the only thing more improbable for France than electing Ms.
Ultimately, Ms. Shaar’s triumphs seem boundless.
“My thoughts are the same: I’m mad,” he said.
In the letter, the group urge Mr. Clayton, whose Senate confirmation hearings are set for next week, to publicly denounce Mr. Trump’s proposed travel ban.
Stay on point.” — Toni in Florida “Excellent.
But hours later, President Trump accused Qatar of being a “funder of terror.” What drove the Saudi-Qatari breakdown?
My husband and I had a furious four-wheeler throw an oversized soda into the open window of our cab.
2 elected official in Australia and the highest-ranking politician so far to become embroiled in the citizenship scandal, Mr. Joyce is the key to the government’s majority in the House of Representatives, the lower chamber of Parliament.
It might not have been as crazy as the rest of his charmed life.
A week before the election, he said : “Voters are tired of hearing conservative politicians say that government never works.
Update: This article has been updated to reflect Chief Owens’s posthumous promotion.
This visualization reveals fundamental principles about how electricity moves through fluids that engineers can use to develop technology for printing, heating or biomedicine.
The atmosphere and architecture shifted quickly, high-rise bustle giving way to a tropical suburbia of chain stores and subdivisions, and then to long stretches of low, snarled jungle interspersed with ranch-style houses and quiet strip malls.
HBO/Showtime: HBO is $5, or free for a year with the more expensive packages.
,” a shocker about two former female stars.
Darwin’s theory, then, had been off: natural selection is not rare, slow, and imperceptible.
Other steps include terminating planned Trump Organization projects in countries like Azerbaijan, Brazil, Colombia and Georgia.
7, Japan Society, japansociety.org .
That was President Xi Jinping’s message as he held court before influential executives from China, Asia and the U.S., including Tim Cook of Apple and Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook.
believes that the vast majority of cosmetic products on the market are safe, but our information on the universe of cosmetics is limited,” said Linda Katz, director of the office of cosmetics and colors, in a written statement.
She has touch, improving variety and some of the better volleys in the women’s game.
The television exposure sent Barney-mania, which had already been building, into overdrive.
Among sales of new Manhattan condos above $2 million over the 12 months ending in September, new-construction projects fetched an average of $3,116 a square foot compared to $2,686 a square foot for new prewar conversions, said Jonathan J. Miller, president of Miller Samuel.
Coffman’s voice, with its strong, clean phrasing, helped this music to pass, after a fashion, as a kind of alien pop.
It is also important that privileged white people use their platforms to challenge inequality — and speak out against white fragility and indifference.
This, in turn, led Ms. Power to deliver a speech about the value of women’s leadership.
Tap Podcasts, and in the Podcast Defaults section, turn off the button next to Delete Played Episodes.
We lost some heart-breakers, and we lost some like this where we never could get much going.” The Giants reached Arizona’s 15-yard line early in the second quarter, only to see Aldrick Rosas miss a 33-yard field goal wide left.
Mr. Weinstein’s spokeswoman, Sallie Hofmeister, did not comment on the inquiry, but released a statement on Thursday saying that “over the course of the last 23 years, Mr. Weinstein has helped raise between $30 million and $40 million for amfAR,” adding that he “has personally pledged $1 million to the organization.” James Margolin, a spokesman for the United States attorney’s office, declined to comment.
American officials offered no proof of the horizontal fueling theory, but they acknowledged that North Korea is searching for ways to get around the United States’ ability to mount a pre-emptive strike.
I suspect you won’t see him going to those parts of the country.” It seems fair to assume that Mr. Trump would not encounter in California the same kind of rapturous reception that he has drawn in other states.
In her experience, women have always been in charge and have always been self-sufficient.
As such, the potential pool of players of interest to criminals looking to fix matches numbered in the hundreds.
It is this sense of his appeal, even amid the show’s evident disdain for Trump the president, that makes Atamanuik’s impression sustainable.
FedEx reported that an attack on a European subsidiary had halted deliveries and cost $300 million.
“Do you see the joke?
In my humble opinion — and I do mean humble — we need some grit and resolve, hope, healing.
“But it could also be that we have the ceremony and reception here, and a lot of the guests stay at Gurney’s.” Newport’s upscale appeal stands in contrast to the much more challenging reality for many of its residents.
A blowout makes it unlikely that the game will be decided by a controversial pass-interference or holding penalty.
It is fashionable in some quarters to assail the notion of terroir as a myth, promoted by the wine industry as a handy and attractive marketing tool.
When the houses were built two generations ago with subpar streets, he said, the builder and homeowner saved money.
• Assist with documents used in criminal proceedings, as a forensic biology intern at the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner.
His freedom was imperfect and tightly controlled — a government minder, unobtrusive but obvious, trailed Xie wherever he went.
It’s unlike when someone says, ‘I was robbed at knife point yesterday.’ They ran away.” Mr. Johnson bought Joannie lingerie and had her pose for pictures that he posted on Backpage, with a number to call for more information, Joannie said.
Few appeared on Page 1.
That’s what dissertations should do: bring back great areas of human experience that have been jettisoned.” By mapping out a coherent and glorious American past, Scully also invigorated those who wanted to succeed upon it.
The win left the Islanders 2 points behind the Boston Bruins for the final Eastern Conference playoff spot with 10 games remaining.
But in several cities and states, AT&T’s actions send a different message.
“He didn’t trust anybody.” Russia does not have an extradition treaty with the United States, and Russian officials say that so long as Mr. Bogachev has not committed a crime on Russian territory, there are no grounds to arrest him.
Now, relatives, colleagues and friends are frustrated at the handling of the killings.
In real life, there was a lot of sitting and waiting and worrying, but how thrilling is that?
A 10-day trip to New Zealand hits the hiking trails of the Southern Alps (from $5,199) and a nine-day trip to Greece spans yoga sessions, vineyard hikes and cooking classes.
Better yet, why not spend it on something ridiculously sparkly and unnecessary that, nevertheless, answers the distant call of your deepest (and most mysterious) desires.
She wrote about their plight for small publications in Britain.
The project was also designed to eliminate a notorious bottleneck at the interchange of the Sheridan and the Bruckner by adding a lane to the Bruckner and relocating ramps to the Sheridan.
One student was injured after being shot, Chief Branson said.
“You know, Jerrauld’s a good guy,” he told me.
The agreement has stalled on rifts between Southeast Asian nations and the others, but Thailand’s minister of commerce, Apiradi Tantraporn, said Monday that the talks “are expected to be expedited” without the T.P.P.
“We didn’t think about what success would look like,” Ms. Stark said.
Mr. Arany joined the fight for independence against the Austrian Empire.
[ The New York Times ] • A State Senate race in a Seattle suburb could allow Democrats to secure their stranglehold on West Coast politics , enabling Washington, Oregon and California to cooperate.
Donald Trump Jr. told Senate investigators on Thursday that he set up a June 2016 meeting with a Russian lawyer because he was intrigued that she might have damaging information about Hillary Clinton, saying it was important to learn about Mrs. Clinton’s “fitness” to be president.
Strangely, though, the local wine regions — Bergerac for dry reds and whites, Monbazillac and Saussignac for sweets — are little known and hardly esteemed.
The man who stood fast against that request — the Elliott of Briggs v. Elliott — was the chairman of the school board, Roderick Miles Elliott.
Ten days after the 17-bus convoy set off from the Lebanese border , bound for Abu Kamal in Deir al-Zour Province, close to the Iraq border, it remains stuck in the desert near Sukhna, protected by escorts from Hezbollah, nearly 150 miles from its destination.
The department plans to train 5,500 officers out of a total 36,000 uniformed personnel, but its critics say that is hardly enough .
That’s not how it works.
It’s the calm before the storm.
“The market seems oversaturated, but I like to use the word oversupplied with my clients so as to not create a panic,” said Marie Bromberg, a Corcoran Group agent.
Mr. Jin, 67, gray-haired and slightly rumpled, was at ease in a recent interview at the bank’s temporary headquarters in Beijing’s financial district.
But given that the market is also contracting thanks to slowing economic growth in China and President Xi Jinping’s crackdown on corruption, it also means that Kering and LVMH are expanding their slices of the profit pie.
Are you an EDM fan?
The challah, typically long and braided, is round to remind us of the cycle of life.
A new study suggests it is extremely liberal — except when it comes to regulation.
“It’s not a fad, it’s about the products and flavors”: 29 Norman Avenue (Banker Street), Greenpoint, Brooklyn, 347-966-2092, restaurantnorman.com .
Mr. Pataki’s resonant rationale was that Mr. Cuomo was “too liberal for too long.” A canny Brooklyn-born brawler who made his political debut on a Greenwich Village soapbox, Mr. Finkelstein was adept at aggressively wooing disaffected Democrats to his Republican clients’ camps in statewide campaigns.
Yes, an administration without Trump would be less of an international embarrassment and exceedingly more predictable, but these men have all cozied up to Trump or were picked by him, so there is little daylight among them on policy.
“He was my teacher.” Mr. Gurdus later studied Orientalism and political science at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem.
Francie channels her grief and depression by starving herself, and sets off a spiral of further loss, desire and longing amid her family.
Their language also distorts the relationship between malady and conduct.
But another block of chardonnay would be picked at dawn and delivered to the winery, where we would work long hours sorting stems and leaves from ripe fruit and hosing down equipment, then eat late and fall into bed, lulled to sleep by the rumble of trucks and trains.
I exhaled and plunged into the first few songs, taking tiny glimpses at the audience.
budget in the name of fiscal conservatism misunderstood the agency’s value.
Calculations based on the American Time Use Survey indicate that caregivers effectively forfeited $522 billion in 2012 due to such duties; that is more than double the total cost of formal care, at $211 billion.
The hedge fund pointed positively to his earlier tenure at the German medical supply company Fresenius.
Hector is also the man who, years earlier, shot Max Arciniega, Gus’s original Pollos Hermanos partner and, by all accounts, the only man that Gus ever loved.
Playing in muddy streets outside Malabo.
Dr. Goudeau and Dr. Aguilaniu discovered that a worm’s eggs carry a surprisingly heavy burden of damaged proteins, even more than in the surrounding cells.
We must not dumb it down.
I’m a bit appalled that the site is so easy to hack that a third grader could do it, andI’d like to let someone in the administration know that students are getting into the system and changing their homework scores.
Ronnie tells him to “forget about Dad,” but Alex can’t, so he joins Ancestry.com to find out more.
Mr. Seabrook has pleaded not guilty to charges of honest services fraud and conspiracy to commit honest services wire fraud.
Such was the case in 2008 when Edward M. Kennedy , Democrat of Massachusetts, learned he had brain cancer and again this week when it was announced that John McCain, Republican of Arizona, had the exact condition that claimed his colleague — a man who shared Mr. McCain’s zest for a good argument and for cutting a deal.
Kevin Cooper is on death row in California, but even a federal judge argues that he is probably innocent and was framed by police.
They’re a revelation, Mark told us, and he hardly says that about anything .
Their entire act is balancing on or with shafts of bamboo.
“This was where I put a piano in the elevator, dropped a coconut cake from my window and got into my nightgown to walk around the lobby of the Carlyle on a dare,” said Megan McCarthy, who came to Finch from Atlanta and is now a realtor in Westchester County, N.Y. “When we turned 18, we took each other to the bar at the Carlyle for our first legal drinks,” said Sarah Macyshyn, her classmate, who came to Finch from Greenwich, Conn.
On defense, injuries prevented outside linebackers Clay Matthews (hamstring) and Nick Perry (ankle/shoulder), as well as cornerback Damarious Randall (hamstring), from playing.
“All of those nights that he’s given to me/I wish I could give them back to you,” Cam offers, in a kind of adulterous humblebrag, over an arrangement that’s closer to the E Street Band than to Loretta Lynn.
Their scandals may not build to anything impeachable, but the scandals will never end.
That is why children are told not to run but to stand still, arms at their sides, when a strange dog approaches.
She is now wondering if she should apply for a visa — which could end up in her becoming legal, or put her at risk because it notifies the government of her presence here.
In fact, Big Ben, the main bell that tolls every hour, doesn’t need fixing.
We won’t get along.” In another, two women in their 20s were searching for a roommate to take over a lavender-colored room in their Columbia Heights apartment for $550.
He has denied the allegations .
But unlike some approachable actresses, who stick with the pretty if bland aesthetic, Ms. Stone is as soignée as they come.
After The Times reported on the link between the Research Foundation and Ms. Coico’s expense payments, Mr. Milliken installed his senior adviser for fiscal policy, Marc V. Shaw, as chairman of the Research Foundation, and subsequently created a task force to recommend financial and management changes, Mr. Sobrino said.
Mike: Meanwhile, in content land, HBO suffered a fairly significant hack this week , in which the company lost thousands of internal documents, television episode scripts and videos, and delved into the personal information of a studio executive.
But we are supposed to believe that Rachel has grown him up.
Critics say it’s been misused to generate revenue, in some cases from suspects never convicted of wrongdoing.
(If you use Gmail, Dropbox or Microsoft’s Office 365, you are using a cloud service.)
Rod Blum, a Republican from Iowa, faced combative audiences in Dubuque on Monday.
His Italian friend began trying to contact him — at first with texts, then with frantic calls.
The senators also noted that they had asked Mr. Comey to brief them next week to learn more about the Russia investigation, but had not heard back.
That did little to stop the agency from moving forward.
For borrowers, delinquencies arose quickly because of the way the bank charged for the insurance.
Licking bowls, spoons and fingers.
Anita M. Ventrelli, former chairwoman of the American Bar Association’s family law section, said she recalled the concept surfacing about 10 years ago, but she did not think anyone was keeping track of how common it is.
New York is a village.
A good thing, we agreed, or our favorite field would be piled high with the limp bodies of half of Canarsie.
Eric Bischof, who helped advise the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on matters related to the American International Group, will join Bank of America as co-head of its global financial institutions group, serving alongside Jim O’Neil in New York.
A New York Times reporter watched one such race firsthand , in which the camel’s handler, driving alongside the animal, clucked softly into a walkie-talkie that transmitted information to the mounted robot to make the camel run faster.
That is because all service members are brothers and sisters.
She said that as they waited, her group’s guide talked to survivors in an effort to calm them.
Likewise, when we make people feel compassion, they’ll take on the burdens of others , spending more time and effort to help get others out of jams and ease their distress.
A soup kitchen has to abide by health regulations, even if it could otherwise feed more mouths.
When LIMA was created, Gozali, its chief executive, combined the separate sports leagues into a single one, with the backing of initial investors.
The problem with this clip-art approach is that it tends to turn history into cultural wallpaper, as in the section featuring images of the unnamed Julius and Ethel Rosenberg , who — with the help of Roy Cohn — were executed in 1953 after being convicted of conspiracy to commit espionage.
Many residents said the trauma of the past few days would not deter them from living in an often idyllic region.
And several legal commentators have defended Mr. Trump by claiming that a president cannot be prosecuted for obstruction of justice because Article II of the Constitution gives the president authority to supervise and control the executive branch, including law enforcement decisions and personnel.
And any suitor for Commerzbank will have to win over the German government, which still owns more than 15 percent.
Give an example or two to support your opinion.
White evangelicals across the country delivered 81 percent of their votes to Mr. Trump last year, according to exit poll data, and backed Mr. Moore in Alabama by the same proportion on Tuesday.
The demonstrators were venting their anger over the global political and economic system.
He asked his students to forget their preconceptions of what a poem or a story should be.
The militias, and their C.I.A.
The number of pilings, he said, would still greatly disturb the riverbed and aquatic life in the Hudson.
But there are also signs that some of the winnings at the three new casinos are coming at the expense of the racinos, which also help fund education.
Federal registration is the T.S.A.
As an actor, I was a bit like, “How can I not kill anyone?
Ms. Grand said she and her team had found themselves hankering for new faces, so they issued an open casting call via social media for the project — which then was photographed by the model Kendall Jenner in the Mojave Desert.
“Maher and the whole leadership of the movement refused to do it.
Today, Libor is the underlying rate for a vast array of financial products, from home loans and credit cards to small business loans.
At its feet are scattered 17 smaller marble sculptures to accentuate “Venus’s” classical elements.
Morgan Stanley mailed letters through the United States Postal Service to affected clients on Wednesday, Mr. Dunbar said.
The forum enters its final day today.
The organs were preserved and stored in jars, which would be placed in the mummy’s tomb.
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
The bride is an anchor and reporter for the CBS station KTVT, and the groom is a reporter for WFAA, an ABC affiliate.
The Highway Patrol identified the suspect as Ian McCarthy, 39.
And if she stops speaking to you for a while, you can reassure your wife and friends that she won’t be asking for money from you again anytime soon.
An arrest affidavit listed four medications, including Vicodin, that Woods told the police he was taking.
“As a private company, Kaspersky Lab has no ties to any government, but the company is proud to collaborate with the authorities of many countries, as well as international law enforcement agencies in the fight against cybercrime,” the statement said.
Woods, 41, had the fusion procedure in April — the fourth operation on his back dating to the spring of 2014 — and said it provided “instant nerve relief.” “I could no longer live with the pain I had,” Woods wrote.
From Belgrade’s “Hair” to Yugoslav punk rock, and then until the fall of Yugoslavia, things played out largely in synchronicity with the West.
• For more events, see The New York Times’s Arts & Entertainment guide .
[ The New York Times ] • Cristiano Ronaldo , the soccer star, denied tax fraud allegations after prosecutors in Spain accused him of evading 14.7 million euros in taxes by funneling business through an offshore company.
“We don’t see this as an investment, we see this as our home.
Vision is being represented by lawyers from Buckley Sandler in Washington, including a former Maryland attorney general, Douglas F. Gansler.
When he refused to hold town hall meetings, protesters staged them in his absence, asking questions to a cardboard cutout of him.
The University of Minnesota panel that heard the case of 10 football players involved in a sexual-assault investigation upheld the recommended punishments for five of them and overturned or reduced discipline for the rest.
“She is the one who broke it open, who has made this possible for so many other women.
“And to do so, moreover, by being complicit with China’s main competitor, the United States.” For China, North Korea remains a valuable buffer against the possibility of a united Korean Peninsula that would probably be capitalist, democratic and allied with the United States, said Evans J. R. Revere, a former State Department official who dealt with Northeast Asia.
This will be the fastest spate of executions in any state in more than 40 years, placing extraordinary pressure on the execution team and increasing the risk of errors.
Sabitri, a poor girl in a rural village, loses her chance to seek an education after a fateful mistake.
But it has had a hard time developing a reliable intermediate-range missile to target American bases in the Pacific, including those on Guam, which serve as launching points for American reinforcements should war break out on the Korean Peninsula.
“It doesn’t take much.” In “Good Time,” the ugliness he taps into goes beyond Connie’s greasy hair and torrents of flop sweat, and seems to exude from his very pores.
Prostitution flourishes in the area, a boon for local mobsters.
He quickly sounded his own alarm to fellow writers and producers at that Comedy Central news satire.
The postmodern visionary Yvonne Rainer, with whom Ms. Coates has danced, will also make a brief appearance.
Mr. El Aissami was born in Mérida, a hardscrabble Andes state in Venezuela’s west, famous for its tough mountain culture and dwellers known as “gochos.” He was one of five children of immigrants who came from Syria and Lebanon.
The late-night sofa is an important promotional perch.
In his remarks on the Senate floor Tuesday morning, Mr. McConnell chastised Democrats for moving slowly on the confirmation of Mr. Trump’s cabinet nominees, and did not mention Mr. Flynn.
— From “You Don’t Have to Say You Love Me” by Sherman Alexie The New Sentences column provides a bite-sized model for how to identify, analyze and evaluate literary devices — like the one in the Sherman Alexie sentence above — elegantly and effectively.
The divide within the government emerged in July, when the Justice Department filed a brief in the case, breaking with the E.E.O.C.
On social media, some called for a boycott of the ride-hailing service Uber for continuing to operate during the protests at J.F.K.
If the proposed law had passed before the mass shooting in Las Vegas on Sunday, and the rifles in the assailant’s hotel room had been fitted with silencers, one could safely assume that the death toll would be much, much higher.
“It could be straight-out jazz or Jimi Hendrix, but no matter what was going on, you never lost the groove.” Like many studio musicians, Mr. Snell and his peers, who spoke of their work in telephone interviews, were often not listed in album credits.
And the riotous “Nobody Cares,” in which Phil goes driving drunk with a couple of barflies (Andrew Call and Raymond J. Lee, both hilarious), becomes an ingeniously staged exercise in hedonistic hopelessness.
He wanted to buy Nintendo’s just-released console, the Switch.
Insurers, with different motivations, draw very different boundaries.
Feedback from taproom customers helped Heritage fine-tune its technique before starting Veritas in 2015.
“Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States!” Mr. Trump’s post said.
It worked as planned, he said, but “the Chinese considered the risks unacceptable” and never tried it again.
“The Good Dinosaur,” released in 2015, was an even bigger flop.
The structure of medical training has changed little since the 1960s, when almost all residents were men with few household duties.
I would just stay in my mind thinking of my kids, my baby, my failure.” They had all accepted what they thought was the remote risk of arrest in order to provide for their family.
“They had this very sophisticated, detailed frame of reference from which they could begin to say, ‘O.K., well, who understands these things like we do?’” Mr. Leo said in an interview, referring to the Reagan era.
1 R&B hit in 1962, at the age of 20: “That song took me everywhere.” Bluesmen gather for jam sessions in homes, at crawfish boils, at senior centers.
All around me burly pickup trucks rumble along, each jammed with aluminum toolboxes, gun lockers and the occasional dog kennel.
Some on the right had called for an advertising boycott of Mr. Colbert after profane comments he recently made about Mr. Trump.
We got our money back .
She found photographs she had taken of Joshua Tree in the California desert and of gilded rooms in Paris for a photo essay she calls “a study of two worlds — the bourgeois and the psychedelic.” As Ellery puts it, her brand is “about making women feel strong and powerful.
Lauren Li Singapore articulated the ongoing struggle: I think the Russian has gotten off easier than how other countries would be treated if without their power, money, context Russia has.
Read more » _____ • Hugh Hewitt in The Washington Post : “Only one obstacle stands in the way of a return to an originalism-driven federal bench.
“I think the left is just out to get him — they won,” she said.
It was not the wind and the rain on their own that wreaked havoc on Jacksonville, but the storm surge that came on top of a nor’easter that had lingered here over the weekend, filling the St John’s River, which bisects the city, to historic levels.
The Houthis imprison us, and in this prison the coalition kills us.
After a mediocre season with Oakland — his major highlight was stealing 52 bases — he signed a free-agent contract with the California Angels.
“That can slowly erode our natural psychological tendencies to orient toward others.
“It forces us to come face to face with this debris of modernization and these ruins that are constantly accumulating, even as we keep building.” The group says its most popular videos have been viewed more than 20,000 times on YouTube.
“It’s a policy,” he added, “of denying the existence of Alevis.” The political trajectory of Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the Sunni conservative whose Justice and Development Party, or A.K.P., has governed Turkey since 2002, is often judged through the prism of his increasing authoritarianism or by the challenges he is perceived to pose to Turkey’s secular traditions.
Gil C. Quiniones, the chief executive of the authority, said the Erie Canal was once critical to economic activity upstate, and could be again, noting its uses in manufacturing, agriculture and tourism.
It’s usually from overthrowing the baseball.
And although being away from home may not cause jurors to lean toward acquittal or conviction, Barry Coburn, a former federal prosecutor and a criminal defense lawyer based in Washington, said it could pressure holdouts to move swiftly to a unanimous decision.
She won after her brave decision in 2015 to let in one million refugees, many from Syria — a move that gave the AfD ammunition (as well as other anti-immigrant European movements) but will cement her stature over time.
Still, men scooped many of the blockbuster prizes of the night.
Thursday’s report looked solely at Jaden, whom a doctor said had a lacerated liver and a lack of oxygen to his brain.
Mike: It’s like Christmas in summertime!
They did blood tests and collected health and behavioral data, including information about their reproductive history, breast-feeding and use of contraception.
( Here’s a timely glossary of terms used by the far right).
Under Mr. Reagan’s 1986 tax act, similar investments did not come to a halt.
If the federal government had wanted to go after religious leaders who defy the prohibition on politicking, it wouldn’t have been hard to find them.
Frazier later discussed the discomfort of the two hit-by-pitches, saying the first one had left a welt the size of a Ping-Pong ball on his elbow.
Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com .
It gets overshadowed by the food.” ANN THOMAS , a water, sanitation and hygiene specialist for Unicef in Somalia, a country on the brink of famine.
It was the first time he’d been back since it happened, and the block had changed, like most of eastern Aleppo.
Malagousia This Greek white is another grape to have been rescued, as “Wine Grapes” puts it, from oblivion.
Leslie Alexander, the team’s owner, said in a statement, “I’ve made this decision after much deliberation with my family and friends, and do so knowing the franchise is in great shape with the players, coaches and management team in place.” Alexander, 74, bought the Rockets 24 years ago for $85 million.
On hot days in August, they can be just as attractive to humans interested in gazing at sea stars.
(Besides the disappointment of the loss, the Redskins got bad injury news: Cornerback Josh Norman has a rib injury and will miss several weeks.)
“I made this for myself because I am really crazy about the SAPE.” “When I asked her about her gold jewelry, she said, ‘Congo has a problem with gold, and I have a problem with gold,’” Ms. Harris said.
Little Olive food truck, near the tennis courts in Cruz Bay.
Although Mr. Abe had expected Hillary Clinton to win the presidential election, his cabinet has found a more simpatico national security leadership in Mr. Trump’s circle.
It is not legally affiliated with the National Front, but was founded by Michel Thooris, a National Front city councilor in Carros and a member of the party’s central committee.
The Red Wings have slipped since their Stanley Cup championship in 2008 .
For one thing, he is a veteran of decades of taking and giving congressional testimony, which gives him a high level of expertise on how to dodge and duck.
He invited me to take up space that I didn’t know existed before, and I believe there is healing in that.
“You can think of it as a musical virus,” said one.
The Financial Security Institute, which is financed by the South Korean government, cautioned that the report was partly conjectural and did not represent an official view.
The era of the all-powerful G.E.
The first video distributed by Mr. Trump to his nearly 44 million followers on Wednesday showed a teenage boy attacking another and was presented as footage of a “Muslim migrant” beating a Dutch boy.
The chancellor oversees CUNY’s 11 senior colleges, seven community colleges and various graduate and professional schools.
Can we please talk about it?
The former football star is expected to learn on Thursday whether he’ll be freed after serving more than eight years behind bars for his part in a bizarre armed robbery in 2007.
The Auburn Hills site where the company is building its factory, in Detroit’s northern suburbs, had been empty for years after housing an engineering firm.
As a result, neither General McMaster’s task force nor other American anti-corruption efforts enjoyed any meaningful success , and the problem has only intensified.
They can also explore more underground concepts with Sewer in a Suitcase , a workshop tool that illustrates what happens to water once it leaves the household drain.
The new information, Mr. Nunes said, showed that American intelligence agencies monitoring foreign officials may have “incidentally” picked up communications of Trump transition team members.
His photos are very impressionistic, like a stream of consciousness.
The problem was reducing what a computer knew into a single conclusion that a human could grasp and consider.
But Girardi was shown no mercy.
Rondo defended the younger players in his post.
As a contract actor for the Japanese studio Toho, Mr. Nakajima starred in dozens of other monster movies, including “King Kong Returns,” a 1967 Japanese production in which he again played the title character, this time in an ape costume.
Ms. Pelosi and Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Senate Democratic leader, thought they were making progress with the president, who had appeared emotionally conflicted after he rescinded President Barack Obama’s order, known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, which protected young immigrants.
Instead, they invent more reasons their prior position was actually correct.
Second-seeded Kentucky is the only Final Four upset.
The night before the march, I joined a secret propaganda action.
Folllow our reporter on Twitter: Manny Fernandez , Alan Blinder , Julie Turkewitz , Jack Healy , Dave Philipps , Annie Correal , Rick Rojas , Monica Davey , Richard Fausset , Richard Pérez-Peña and Audra Burch .
SCOR SE, based in Paris, reported a third-quarter loss on Thursday of €267 million as a result of the hurricanes and earthquakes, estimating losses from the disasters at €430 million.
The data quickly makes clear, then, that Burnley’s defense is not built on players mindlessly throwing themselves in front of shots.
• In Merrick, N.Y., a five-bedroom, three-bath rebuilt 1970 home with a finished basement, a home office, an outdoor kitchen under a pergola, a new bulkhead, floating dock and boat lift on a 60-by-120-foot lot on Merrick Bay.
rules but just dragged its feet on for years — but now domestic Chinese financial services companies, like UnionPay, so dominate the Chinese market that U.S. companies will be left to fight over the scraps.
As president, Ms. Park also refused to be questioned by prosecutors or testify at the Constitutional Court, calling the impeachment politically biased.
That year, Dr. Parekh left India for New Jersey to consult on quality control and ingredient selection for packaged foods, but ice cream remained his favorite hobby.
For Japan, he said, South Korea remains “a blind spot.”
212-721-6500, kids.lincolncenter.org FAMILY PLAY DAY at the Brooklyn Historical Society (April 1, 10 a.m.-2 p.m.).
Given that the epigraph of the book is a quote by Yvette Pierpaoli, the humanitarian who died while assisting refugees from Kosovo in 1999 (and who was Lemaître’s mother-in-law), adults will understand that the most pressing context of the book is the need for tolerance toward displaced people around the world.
A few years ago, a friend and I were at a bar called the Red Room in Manhattan that had a large Russian clientele.
As a child, she yearned to work outdoors on the farm, but her father forbade it.
But it will also face opposition in the region.
The Public Theater convened a similar town hall gathering last year after the presidential election called “Public Forum: A Town Hall Meeting on What Comes Next.” Ms. Ybarra said she hoped the discussion would involve “listening to other people and sharing thoughts,” and noted that she had witnessed sexual harassment in her near 20 years in the theater world.
Still, the full investigation is expected to further damage Mr. Fillon’s appeal among the conservative, often middle-class voters who had supported his victory in the primary.
Like any style, it can be faked.
She says that for a long time she was suicidal — not because her husband had cheated on her but because she had been abandoned by everyone in the parish, which must have meant that God had abandoned her, too.
Weeks later she was photographed greeting friends at her granddaughter’s dance performance in Manhattan.
But he has now left a mark of another sort by being on the bitter end of one of the Australian Open’s biggest upsets.
In fact, they were already planning how they would try to marry what they had done to what they were sure she was about to do.
The police said Officer Isaacs, who was driving home after a 4 p.m.-to-midnight shift, fired his service pistol, striking Mr. Small in the arm, chest and abdomen.
“We have a long history of disagreement over everything from technical issues to policy issues to the most mundane aspects of building management, and over all, that has been tremendously valuable,” Mr. Zunger said in an email.
“This apartment is a gem of light,” said Ms. Barrie, 85, a star of the comedy “Significant Other,” which opens on Broadway March 2.
So did the 20-point lead he held over Hamilton going into the 10th round of the 20-race season.
Farhad is out this week, so Nicole Perlroth, a Times cybersecurity reporter, is filling in.
It would all make for a smooth, perhaps even glamorous exit for Mr. Bewkes, and certainly a lucrative one, given that he stands to earn as much as $95 million if the merger is completed and he leaves the company.
Westbrook led Oklahoma City with 27.
It also does not explain that parents are responsible for any additional fees a private school may charge on top of a voucher, which can range from $5,000 to $23,000.
Wilder now can set his sights on something he has been promising throughout 2017: unifying the heavyweight belts.
So it’s about focusing and us trying to play the best baseball we can, and feel really secure and feel safe about where we are in that wild-card race.” As the seventh overall pick in the 2011 draft, Bradley carried expectations that he would become an anchor of Arizona’s starting rotation.
Yet it also manages to be a serene spot.
“In the past, so many airlines were vying for market share.
He served in the Navy in World War II, spending two years teaching radar operators in Chicago.
Waves towered as high as 22 feet, while thunderstorms and powerful gusts of wind hindered the visibility and mobility of Argentine, American, British, Chilean and Brazilian military personnel scouring the area in ships and aircraft.
With actresses of this caliber, see it twice.
Former Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch affectionately praised Mr. Boente last February when he was sworn in as United States attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia.
Kaepernick has talked with several teams, with the most recent known discussions occurring with the Tennessee Titans.
The most explicit shot is of Ms. Helbig longingly biting her lower lip.
It’s a pre-loaded app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon.
Yet period trackers are one of the most used health tools for women.
“While there are filmmakers who look for stories,” he told the audience Wednesday night, “this was a story that found a filmmaker.” Gwyneth Paltrow agreed to narrate the film and Lyle Lovett recorded a song.
Under normal procedures, National Grid requires employees opening accounts to first check what is known as the Building Information System database to ensure that a property has been inspected by the Buildings Department.
Like Mr. Rodriguez, Mr. Sahib was still pursued by memories of war.
Mr. Sisi has lobbied Washington to designate the brotherhood a terrorist organization, which Mr. Obama refused to do.
Since it is privately held, little is known about the company’s financials, but The New York Times has previously reported that revenues were roughly between $4 million and $6 million in 2013, before the debut of a major partnership.
Segura, a late addition to the roster when a sore shoulder felled Hanley Ramirez, had three hits and called the game the highlight of his career.
A few plastic choices give this space a faint General Motors vibe.
But it’s totally forgotten now.
In any case, I didn’t have the capacity to think about it right then.
After one too many lulls in the conversation, I decided to fall back on my original plan and tell him the only thing about me that he didn’t know.
“Some billionaire client of his was like, ‘Get rid of this,’” Mr. Feuerstein said.
Markets suggest Mr. Dimon is closer to the mark.
team consisting of Special Agents Steve Gaudin and Ali Soufan.
(Opens Thursday): High Line Hotel, 180 10th Avenue (20th Street), 212-933-9735, 180tenth.com .
All Shinola stores — including the American brand’s SoHo boutique that opened in New York in June — feature the Willard Bar, a spot where customers can choose watch cases, straps and buckles.
To the Editor: Re “ Doubts and DNA Evidence ” (front page, Sept. 5): As Manhattan district attorney and as a criminal defense lawyer for two decades before that, I have seen prosecutors and defense lawyers alike rely on evidence generated by advanced forensic tools.
A Food and Drug Administration panel opened a new era in medicine on Wednesday, unanimously recommending that the agency approve the first-ever treatment that genetically alters a patient’s own cells to fight cancer, transforming them into what scientists call “a living drug” that powerfully bolsters the immune system to shut down the disease.
“We have to work with the president,” Senator Roy Blunt of Missouri, vice chairman of the Senate Republican Conference, said on “Meet the Press” on NBC last weekend.
When she was told that Mark was dead, she said haltingly, “it was the worst feeling in the world.” “When you see your daughter crying,” she continued, “and your 4-year-old son, who had only a snap of a second with his dad, he’s crying.
His father is a partner in the New York law firm Olshan Frome Wolosky, where he is the chairman of the firm's bankruptcy and financial restructuring group.
The president can stop the payments because a federal judge ruled last year that the Obama administration had been illegally making the payments in the absence of a law explicitly providing money for the purpose.
Mychael Knight , a fashion designer who was a finalist on the popular competition show “Project Runway,” died on Tuesday near Atlanta.
On cross-examination, a defense lawyer, Sabrina Shroff, found an opportunity to try to make the co-worker into a character witness of sorts.
“We’ve had tough luck with injuries, so we just have to battle through until the guys come back,” Jagr said after the Panthers shut out the Devils, 3-0, on Monday at Prudential Center.
He lists reasons for his suspicions, and they are personal: His brother-in-law, Tokkuma Mulisa, who is in his early 20s, has been imprisoned for about a year and reportedly tortured, and his health remains uncertain.
She said her health meant that she struggled to work more than a few hours a week at a family restaurant.
And yet, the announcement by The Voice’s current owner that he is cutting his losses by giving up ink, paper, delivery trucks and the red plastic bins on the street corners that made you fear for your health each time you reached inside had the unmistakable feel of one more piece of Old New York slipping away.
I recently got a new Mac and don’t see this button anymore.
The company has said that 20 percent of its employees in Seattle don’t use motorized transport to get to work.
The Hong Kong Arts Center will turn 40 this year.
A British man rammed a rental van into Muslims leaving prayers in North London during Ramadan , and a man who was part of white supremacist demonstrations in Charlottesville, Va., is accused of driving his car into a crowd Saturday , killing a woman.
I always go there looking forward with some interest to what I’m going to see, hear and, incidentally, eat.
He was talented enough, he said, to attract the attention of the Cincinnati Reds.
youth organizations, while Nike has, since 2012, contributed approximately $2.5 million in financial and in-kind support to causes in those communities.
“I know we have to pay for these tax cuts, but I don’t want it to be on the backs of everyday hardworking American taxpayers,” said Representative Mike Kelly, a Republican from Pennsylvania.
By the Editors of Food52.
— Cliff Avery A story will still be read by an editor, with another looking over her shoulder.
Mayor Bill de Blasio has a message for New Yorkers looking for a productive way to respond to President Trump’s decision to remove the United States from the Paris accord on climate change: Do your part, and stop using plastic grocery bags.
For the better part of the 20th century, it was considered a normal part of aging.
“No disrespect, but we don’t want to be confused with individuals who are private security guards.” Some changes deal not with appearance, but with qualities that are harder to measure and that are intended to fight crime by fixing deteriorated relationships.
Like other fixtures of the Y.A.
Ndour used the night as a coming-out party, scoring 13 points, grabbing 12 rebounds and coming up with 2 steals.
The Patriots came into the game with an 18-0 record.
It’s a dish I concocted somewhat on the fly, having decided only on chicken, prunes and smoky cumin before I went shopping.
“Zika surprised everyone,” Tesh says.
While her debut single, “There You Go,” recalled a Destiny’s Child leftover, it was the injection of some Lilith Fair into her sound — as well as the performed defiance at having subverted her label’s expectations — that made her a star.
That’s the ethos of the Museum of Failure , which will open in Sweden in June.
In the city’s industrial heyday, factories churned out carpet and hats.
But rough handling by the police has spawned controversies in other parts of China.
She was sitting next to Mr. von Trier at the festival news conference when he, jokingly and stupidly, said he was a Nazi, which he apologized for.
Maybe go on a big trip or pay for a child’s wedding?
He was adorned with more than 11,000 beads and pendants made of turquoise and more than 3,000 made of shell.
Martinez, 29, is hitting .305 with 16 home runs and 39 R.B.I.
Allow me to extend the beer analogy.
The leader of this semiautonomous Chinese city of 7.3 million is chosen by just 1,194 electors, most of them business and political figures who have close ties to Beijing.
The nonprofit seems to have been created expressly for the purpose of buying the parks: It filed its incorporation papers in October, Mr. Strickland said.
With that money, which was diverted from the union’s pension fund, the benefits fund bought a parking lot and turned it into an 11-story building that fits into the cultural district surrounding the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
“Almost 20 percent of all Grindr messages” already use emoji, its creative director, Landis Smithers, said.
Add the cooked pasta, peas and sausage to the pan with the brown butter, stir to combine and top with grated Parmesan.
“Hands are really so distinctive and expressive and recognizable.
When a senator says that President Trump is making threats that could set the United States “on the path to World War III” — as Senator Bob Corker told the NYT on Sunday — you might expect the entire business community to take notice.
His 78-year-old body had thinned; his voice dimmed.
”, which we produce in partnership with the American Statistical Association.
Republicans in Washington need to do the same when it comes to Obamacare, tax reform and the rest of their agenda.
“There are many people who lack the ability to have a relationship,” said Mr. Zhang, who enrolled in a three-day course during a weeklong holiday in October.
Historically, “there is no doubt that Amazon used its ability to not collect sales tax to gain a competitive advantage.” But that criticism is outdated.
How he fits: Allen had been the top player left on most draft boards for quite a while, so the Nets seemingly got a bargain with the 22nd pick.
“Reform” implies improvement — the “tax cuts” (really, “tax deform”) as proposed will disproportionately favor the wealthy.
Dr. Kossin’s research found that in the most recent quieter period, from the late 1960s to the mid-1990s, hurricanes that did form were up to six times more likely to intensify rapidly near land, with wind speeds increasing more than 15 miles an hour over six hours.
He took up the guitar at 17, developing a unique call-and-response approach to the instrument.
More than 27 million people viewed the online interactive film.
On the 625-yard sixth hole, McIlroy’s drive traveled 368 yards and found the left rough.
He was driving to Florida.
He denigrates the conclusions of intelligence professionals and then later denies having done so.
Everything is so ripe and perfect.
Or maybe Julia Moskin’s recipe for an outdoor porchetta , to serve with roasted potatoes scented with sage and garlic .
We’re trying out a new feature this week: a rundown of the funniest and most memorable moments from the comedy shows.
One of America’s most popular modern dance companies continues its annual monthlong season with alternating mixed-bill programs that provide a strong sampling of the troupe at its best.
Hayes moved from San Francisco after the death of his partner from a heart attack.
From Singapore to Myanmar, they know that America is the only possible balance to China.
This is Eliot’s final word on Dorothea: “Her full nature, like that river of which Cyrus broke the strength, spent itself in channels which had no great name on the earth.
All day and night, people who live in the mountains cluster along roadways to bathe and do laundry in places where locals have redirected water from higher up that spews out of PVC pipes.
An all-white jury sentenced Mr. Irvin and Mr. Shepherd to death, and Mr. Greenlee to life in prison.
“Today you don’t have to be vegetarian to eat vegetarian food,” he said.
The Republican elders are offering their party an opening to change the conversation.
“No country in the world has been able to demonstrate reductions in its obesity prevalence, so we’re not that different,” she said.
Mr. Moore could conceivably ask the Senate, which has the constitutional authority to serve as “judge of the elections, returns and qualifications of its own members,” not to seat Mr. Jones.
All this proved so effective that at 16, Roberta was offered a $1,000-a-week role in “Street Scene,” a musical with music by Kurt Weill and lyrics by Langston Hughes that would open on Broadway in 1947.
No rest for the weary!” Gov.
Welcome to 2017 and the resumption of the Hollywood movie awards season.
What else are you interested in?
“I hate this situation; it’s really taking a toll on me,” she said.
Tamara Alcántara, a singer from the town of Tecamachalco in Puebla, has become a minor celebrity in the area for two recordings she posted on YouTube about gas thieves, known locally as “huachicoleros.” In a recent interview, Ms. Alcántara sought to distance herself from gas thievery.
James overreacted, attacking Barkley’s history of spitting into the wind, when he really might have said, You have no understanding of what it takes to win multiple championships because, frankly, you never had what it took to win even one.
But she has failed to secure a job; she worries that her barely noticeable speech problems make her job interviews less than optimal.
Mr. DeGroot never expected that his efforts to establish the right for his mothers to marry might help in his own quest, but that’s how it happened.
TRAVEL A picture caption on Sept. 24 with an article about Hurricane Irma’s effect on Caribbean tourism, using information from The Associated Press, misidentified the area shown.
“This is something Uber should have been doing from the beginning,” said Hebah Khan, 22, a junior at Barnard College.
He is a son of Donna M. Dymond and Lee H. Dymond of North Potomac, Md.
The gender imbalance of the departures has raised questions as to why so many women, including many who are black or Hispanic, have jumped ship on a mayor seen as welcoming to women and minorities.
The latter is used for both types of books: to mark factual tidbits to incorporate into future books or to note passages of prose that do something unique or are exceptionally well done.
We are from the same celestial plane and are messengers.
Even his staff has found trouble over historically loose comments.
Her sister and her husband tracked them down, fatally shooting the cousin and strangling Francisca, leaving her for dead on the road to Nijar.
“I’m going home,” he said.
“There have been rumors in the marketplace, more than rumors that the marketplace about tearing the building down and doing all manner of fairly grand development schemes.
In a statement on Monday, Saudi Arabia and Russia said they had “agreed to do whatever it takes to achieve the desired goal of stabilizing the market,” adding that a deal between major oil exporters to reduce production should be extended through the end of March.
And yet the conservatives have been thrown out of office almost as quickly as they took it.
Browse all our Reader Ideas .
Rylan said she could not comment on the lawsuit.
“She used Conrad as a pawn in her sick game of life and death,” Ms. Flynn said.
This second call-out yielded some of my best interviews, including several women who had voted for President Obama in the last election.
The 1971 hit “I’d Love to Change the World” by Ten Years After plays under the new trailer for “7 Days in Entebbe.” But as the Israeli-Palestinian conflict rages on more than 40 years after the events depicted in the film, it seems the world hasn’t changed much.
In theoretical physics, that cannot be.
Mark Kranz , the former chief financial officer for Fox News, also was subpoenaed and has immunity, according to two people with knowledge of the matter.
It would be the world’s shame — and Brazil’s in particular — to stand by and watch, or pretend not to see, as the forces of short-term gain wipe the last human vestiges of pre-European America off the face of the earth.
Golf was also just like life (and yoga), he added: People mess up at both when their “interior is not settled.” He was also up on all the jokes about Jesus and Moses playing golf together.
Nearby, a few children were skipping rocks, and people sat on the beach in twos and threes.
Alina presumed that the oldest were dispossessed as “kulaks” — peasants deemed affluent, making them potentially disloyal — and that their children fled to the cities.
Liberi Di … Physical Theater intends to persuade you that its show is really, well, something.
Although Muslims outside Kashmir do not identify with the demand for independence that their culturally different co-religionists are waging, these factors have fanned the insecurities of a substantial number of Hindus.
Not every Control Center icon has a shortcut menu, though, so you may have to poke around to find the ones that do.
With their sights set on a return to the World Series, the Indians would prefer to address Chief Wahoo after the season to avoid any distractions that could alienate a large swath of fans while games are being played.
And it’s too late to reverse the damage: Insurers are finalizing their 2018 rates as you read this.
With Lou Carnesecca as Mullin’s Hall of Fame presenter, standing up for him, right behind him, where the old coach has been for as long as Mullin can remember.
In college, I became even more depressed.
With each totem, the symbolism of the food is explained, like health for ginger.
My brother shot a dove with a BB gun.
“We have a moral obligation to protect and repay these people who risked their lives for U.S. troops,” said Brandon Friedman , who, as an infantry lieutenant with the 101st Airborne Division, worked with Mr. Darweesh in Iraq.
The officers had been responding to reports of underage drinking.
The Renaissance master is said to have painted the Mona Lisa around 1503.
Paul Betts, a German historian at Oxford University, described the move as a “milestone in Germany’s long-running effort to come to terms with the Nazi past.” Gay rights activists welcomed the news but said the compensation amounts were too small.
On this occasion, an exhibition at the Manezh, four prominent artists wrote to the newspaper Evening Moscow, criticizing Mr. Glazunov as a painter of “low professional level, poor taste, no ideological depth and no artistic qualities.” They added: “We would like to know, where is Glazunov’s feeling for present-day life and his link to Soviet reality, and how does he view his participation in the construction of Communism?” By that time, Mr. Glazunov was firmly ensconced as a kind of court painter.
Brands are “really creative at using the power of the logo when they don’t have the power of the personality,” he said.
After spending weeks in French Polynesia — including time on the yacht of the movie mogul David Geffen along with Bruce Springsteen, Tom Hanks and Oprah Winfrey — Mr. Obama will return to Chicago on Monday for his first public event as a former president.
Some Likud politicians said that Mr. Rivlin “is no longer one of us,” and others suggested abolishing the presidency.
Grown-ups exchange word of the latest armed robbery.
“The Show About the Show” contains ostensible cinéma vérité footage, staged re-enactments of events and re-enactments of re-enactments.
He may not command the same respect as Bhumibol, but his relatively clean slate is another kind of asset: It gives him credibility, perhaps even leverage, with pro-democracy advocates, including supporters of the populist former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra, commonly known as the red shirts.
In one area after another — the use of the waterfront, the zoning of buildings, public health, transportation and, most famously, policing and schools — Bloomberg used information as his primary tool of governance.
“Our relationships with cities have typically been uneven, but there are a lot of places around the world where Uber and the cities we operate in have the same goals,” Andrew Salzberg, head of transportation policy at Uber, said in an interview.
When asked about the timing of lawsuit, Ms. Allred pointed out that it was being filed nearly two months after she and Ms. Zervos had first demanded that Mr. Trump retract his comments about her or face consequences.
Might not the World War II Japanese cryptographic machine used to encrypt diplomatic communications, called Purple by the analysts in the American Army Signal Intelligence Service who eventually broke the cipher, be a more likely suspect than some engineer’s toy kangaroo?
Last year, the school placed an explanatory plaque in front of the Confederate monument noting that the South’s defeat freed millions.
He was Sir Ernest Shackleton, not George.
The University of California, Irvine, effectively expelled 499 incoming students to reduce enrollment.
“Think about the spaces between your toes — who ever talks about that?” she said.
You can always find the latest episode at nytimes.com/thedaily.
Mr. Ermold, who has since married his partner, filed his paperwork to run to Ms. Davis herself on Wednesday, according to The Associated Press , which described the encounter as cordial.
He attributed that, in part, to people marrying later and having fewer children, as well as tighter lending standards.
Your tourmates are relying on this and you have to go out and perform and gush out all of this emotion to a crowd of people who like might like it and might not, and then go back after and be emotionally supportive outside of the band and on the internet.
Analysts have expressed concern about the rapid expansion of China’s credit, warning that the country could face serious risk if it does not toughen measures to control its debt-fueled binge.
She named her Christine after the woman who edited her book, “Dear World,” a phrase borrowed from her tweets.
Joyride Coffee , a wholesaler that supplies offices and coffee shops in Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Diego and San Francisco, sells 20-liter kegs of cold brew and nitrogenized cold brew that are tapped like beer.
Sergeant Bergdahl was 23 and a private first class when he left his base in eastern Afghanistan in June 2009.
The sensual world, in Lacey’s prose, is always intricately detailed.
(Want to get California Today by email?
In the 20th century, the authoritarian governments of Argentina and Chile disappeared thousands of supposed opposition members, robbing spouses, parents and children of closure.
In 2013, the Conservative prime minister at the time, David Cameron, was unable to muster votes in Parliament to approve strikes against the Assad government intended to deter the use of chemical weapons.
Mr. McDonagh’s palette and spleen remain mostly intact, but here he’s neglected to include a story or point.
Marc’s girlfriend, Naomi (Oona Chaplin), struggles with losing him, while Elizabeth (Charlotte Le Bon), his nurse in 2084, has affections and worries of her own.
South Korea has historically worn blue.
“It feels a little bit more oily than your typical sunscreen,” she said.
First, in a tense semifinal against Russia, he scored three times in a decisive shootout, each time slipping the puck between the goalie’s legs.
Read more » _____ • Chris Cillizza on CNN : “What deserves to be debunked is the idea that the public at large is clamoring for Trump’s tweets.” In a plea for civility, Mr. Cillizza says any analysis that interprets a lack of mass condemnation for President Trump’s aggressive communication tactics misses the point.
Mr. Buffett, the Berkshire Hathaway boss, has bought more stock in Apple — whose market capitalization at Friday’s closing price was $717 billion — and reckons it may become the first company with a 13-digit valuation.
Then he walked back to the dorm through the blistering Arabian heat, past an indoor ski area complete with machine-made snow.
She and The Sweethome team tested how different repellents dried, smelled and felt on the skin.
In reality, he is a pop algorithm, a Watson of the Billboard charts, able to produce reasonable re-creations of a whole range of styles.
Still, there seems to me to be an extra dimension of awfulness to the whole situation once you realize that all this betrayal serves no real purpose, not even a bad one.
Security is also a worry, with cyber-threats on the rise around the world.
But almost all proclaimed defiantly that his murderous church rampage had failed in its mission to sow division and racist hate.
PLAN FOR RELAXATION Give yourself plenty of unscheduled time to decompress by napping or reading by the hotel pool, people-watching at cafes, lingering at wine bars and wandering through the streets soaking up the surroundings.
646-494-3625, jazzgallery.nyc SATOSHI TAKEISHI at the Stone (May 16-21, 8:30 p.m.).
His latest venture, IRL , seeks to make virtual reality more accessible.
“My four-year-old is gutted,” a father wrote on Twitter.
He is, after all, the author of “ Farm Implements and Rutabagas in a Landscape ” and “ Daffy Duck in Hollywood .” If you could find the impossible space where Franz Kafka overlapped with the Pop artist Roy Lichtenstein, John would be sitting there happily, grinning like the Cheshire cat.
; politicians like Senator Al Franken , Representative Trent Franks and the Senate candidate Roy S. Moore ; and journalists like Matt Lauer and Charlie Rose .
Venezuela was once among the most lucrative markets in Latin America for foreign businesses, a country oozing in oil and blessed with an emerging middle class hungry for everything modern, from new cars to snug-fitting disposable diapers.
Another, in California, seriously injured a group of hikers .
I charged up the hill toward the coyote, roaring as I ran.
“If your tone is too aggressive, too antagonistic, consumers may revolt.” Mr. McGinness said it was important for Westin’s new campaign to strike that balance.
“He’d just say ‘great save,’ or tell you how well you’d played,” Given said.
Lending Club, a start-up offering online loans, had not yet been mired in scandal.
What comments surprised you the most, and why?
Don’t anyone say anything.” Here is a story that actors love: In a tempestuous scene in a forgotten, hectic play, a Latina character goes for her pistol, screaming, as the script requires, “I keel you!” and shoots her lover.
There was a huge smile on his face, and, for a moment, he looked like any other teenager, from any other country.
That was the perspective we needed, because this couldn’t be a “Hannah has a baby and her self-involvement goes away as soon as she becomes a mother” plotline.
While many of them occurred in the new developments, there were also big closings at older buildings.
Soon he was working at Circuit City, where he nurtured a love of computers.
So Pete and I did the same.
It is what explains the popularity, at certain stadiums, of the so-called spider camera , whizzing along close to the heads of the players on kickoff corners and free kicks.
Henrik Ibsen’s Nora walks back through the door she famously slammed all those years ago, and we have so many questions.
The 2015 death of Freddie Gray, a 25-year-old African-American man, while in police custody led to violent riots .
You actually have people who are having very similar experiences to you.”
Zack Wheeler, who did not return to the majors as expected last season because of setbacks in his rehabilitation from Tommy John surgery, could make his first spring training start on March 9.
As is Syndergaard’s own sense of competitiveness.
For example, Gannett — now Tegna — which is famous for wielding the knife, targeted 36 percent of Belo’s costs when it bought the TV station group in 2013.
Not to burst your bubble, but saving significant money on major theme parks is a tall order: If you think you’re going to pull one over on Walt Disney, think again.
He used a point-and-shoot camera held low, by his waist.
• California’s ambitious climate agenda.
By the time Alex Ferguson sat down, late in 1999, to compose the first of his several memoirs, he had already accumulated a slew of honors.
Slowly drowning, with each gasp of air.
About seven minutes of waiting, it’s like “How long does it take?
I had lobbied to do photo reportage on these brave civilians, so when I finally got permission, I didn’t delay in flying from Budapest to Kiev.
A Ford Foundation grant for her writing about NASA was withdrawn because she would not provide an itinerary.
Ms. Abel, a stagehand at other Broadway shows, decorated the lobby.
“We need to see it as part of our life cycle.
And Representative Brian Mast of Florida said Mr.
The company said it has been taking steps to transform itself in recent months as the national debate over sexual harassment reshapes workplaces, and as it became aware that The Times and other news outlets were working on articles about the experiences of women at Vice.
Under an agreement with China, the department said, “the Australian government is able to provide consular assistance only to Australian citizens who have entered China on their Australian passport.” Professor Feng, 56, was born in southern China.
But the board also agreed to add six more seats for new directors to bring more “independent” voices to the company.
It took nearly two years to build the Argentine BlackBerry from scratch.
Friday night was the first time the play, which began performances May 23 and ends on Sunday, had been disrupted by protesters.
From 1964 to 1967, he lived as an illegal immigrant in New York with his late wife Jeanne-Claude, before getting a green card and becoming a citizen in 1973.
Mr. Guerin did not know if they had successfully boarded or not, and also had no information about the girl Ms. Watts said she saw change into a dress at the gate.
The Richemont-owned brand recently unveiled ambitious expansion plans, including a rollout of new stores (12 this year alone) and a broader product range (Ms. Ramsay-Levi’s purview includes all ready-to-wear, leather goods and accessories lines.)
And Speaker Paul Ryan, the House’s supposed guru in the continuing budget fights, embraces the trickle-down mantra he practiced as an aide to Mr. Brownback when the governor was in the Senate.
Mr. Raskin and Richard J. Barnet started the institute in 1963, fiercely devoted to maintaining its independence by refusing to accept government funding.
I find it very relaxing.
Leandro Spina is U.S. Sailing’s Olympic development director.
Ernie Vogt, who wrote about surviving the Sept. 11 attacks at the World Trade Center, said Mr. Petty’s song “I Won’t Back Down” gave him “hope at that critical time that, as an American, we would pull together to get through the most difficult time we have possibly ever faced as a country since World War II.” Here is a selection of stories, which have been edited for length and clarity.
Then they sent a friend — a tall man in dark glasses — to screen me.
[ The New York Times ] • Who wants to be king?
True, the people of the Virgin Islands didn’t vote for this current president.
The May 31st Journal article said that neither Mr. Aboutaam nor his brother had been charged with any wrongdoing in connection with the inquiries cited by the law enforcement officials.
Patriot Prayer was recently in the news for marching in Portland, Ore., after the killing of two people by a white supremacist who was aligned with the group, even though the mayor of Portland pleaded with them to postpone their event.
Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona and chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, released a remarkable public statement Thursday noting that he had called Australia’s ambassador to the United States, Joe Hockey, to express his “unwavering support for the U.S.-Australia alliance,” after a contentious phone call between Mr. Trump and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull concerning the status of refugees from an Australian detention center.
Professor Cahill and the report’s co-author, Dr. Peter Wilkinson, a researcher in Catholic culture, are both ordained priests who resigned from church ministry in the 1970s but remain practicing Catholics.
We were just roommates.” Mrs. Livshits became a tailor in her hometown and married a construction worker, who died after 29 years of marriage.
Rabbi Peter J. Rubinstein officiated at the Ritz-Carlton.
Not only is crying as natural and justifiable as breathing — the two acts are physically, neurologically, primally intertwined.
Or an internal fabric that’s likely to tear.
Manned by a Filipino crew, it was far less damaged than the Fitzgerald.
But budgets aren’t just about reining in your wallet; they’re also about deciding where your money will go, road maps to shared destinations.
If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the series page.
Later they returned to Israel, looking for a social project to invest in.
Mr. Lynton, who weathered various corporate crises at Sony Entertainment over his 13-year tenure, including a devastating cyberattack and a battle with activist investors , will step down on Feb. 2, the company said.
The hunt transforms the movie into a wintry document of decline, as the orange-vested team tramps through echoing buildings, a frozen forest and a dank and dripping ruin — spaces at best inhospitable, and at worst deadly, to a distraught boy.
Two years ago, this maverick left winger unexpectedly won the leadership contest, propelled by a surge of new party members who had joined just to vote for him.
Senator Susan Collins of Maine criticized the Trump administration’s often specious descriptions of what the bill would actually do, bolstering other more quiet critics’ resolve.
“He puts words together,” Edelstein said.
“He is a bad, bad man; he is a dictator, and he is the Hitler of our century.” Kanter is known to support Fethullah Gulen, an Islamic cleric based in the United States whom Erdogan has accused of orchestrating last year’s failed coup attempt in Turkey.
She also learned computer programming, working for a time on the Univac computer for the Atomic Energy Commission at N.Y.U.
Still, the Central Command, which oversees military operations in Yemen, has carried out a fierce campaign of airstrikes in Yemen.
When asked if he would commit to extending a cap on raises for police officers and firefighters, he demurred, saying he was waiting for a report on the issue, which is scheduled to be released in December.
It’s a state that offers an endless variety of stories, too many for a lone correspondent to corral, and while The Times has certainly scaled back its physical presence in the state (20 years ago, it had three physical bureaus in New Jersey — Trenton, Newark and Hackensack — and an emergency newsroom in a printing plant in Edison), it has committed to coverage of New Jersey across beats.
to play, and it’s a legitimate role, but for all practical purposes, the East Hampton Airport is controlled almost exclusively by the F.A.A.
After the 2001 terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center, she led a good-will delegation of Portlanders to New York.
A friend, who wasn’t able to attend our housewarming party, emailed to ask if she, her husband and another couple could come to dinner at our new place to see it.
It’s like having a fireman there.” When the line opened, the authority agreed to address the outstanding problems within 60 days, according to the oversight reports.
To name a few: I was bitten by a monkey; got in a motorbike accident; lost a good amount of skin on my hands, chest, back, legs and feet in numerous brushes with coral while surfing; got a raging ear infection surfing too close to a polluted river mouth after it rained.
The picture of Ulysses S. Grant on the cover of Ron Chernow’s overstuffed but essential new biography has been made prettier than its untouched version.
The addition of a strong human rights chapter in the new Nafta agreement would have a powerful impact in Mexico, where there are widespread human rights violations; in the United States, where the number of abuses against migrants and other groups is increasing; and for Canada, which just this week said it wanted the new agreement to include a chapter on gender and indigenous people’s rights .
POP & ROCK The last two years have asked patience of fans of Janet Jackson, who postponed and then canceled concerts starting in 2015, citing her desire to start a family.
The rationale for leaving some of the gold in New York and London is that they are major trading centers, and the gold could be deployed quickly if the euro collapsed or some other catastrophic economic event occurred.
“People think about it conceptually and not in terms of wanting to start a business, retire well, buy a house or have a baby.” The blob, she concluded when she was starting her business, needed clearing up.
For the first 95 percent of our species’ history, there was no other way to live.
They’ll talk about one, not the other.
Are you saying we’re trapped in Puerto Rico?” Let me pause here.
On her cue they played a variety of instruments — glasses filled with water, triangles, other hand percussion — as she wove a melody throughout the pooling communal sound.
What was more, where children’s biographies of an earlier age inclined toward unalloyed veneration, Mrs. Fritz’s were warts-and-all portraits of the often flawed men and women who left their impress on the world — and the resulting books were deemed far more humanizing as a result.
Nixon started his offensive in 1971, declaring in a speech from the White House Briefing Room: “America’s public enemy No.
It is unclear if Republicans will ultimately include a cap on contributions in the tax bill that they are expected to release in the coming weeks.
Ms. Sandberg has said that she had a personal obligation that kept her from the march.
What would you like to see here?
In 2012, he sent a posse to Hawaii to check on the president’s birth certificate .
Mr. Trump, however, is the first president in the history of polling to govern without the support of a majority of the public from the start of his tenure.
I don’t feel like I’ve got a choir that was here at last night’s practice too.
Since the meeting, Fed officials have said that it is on course to increase rates by at least an additional half a percentage point this year.
“If someone said, ‘I will not live with a liberal,’ I would probably be equally as likely not to engage with that person.” But Ms. Kian, who has lived in Washington only since the Obama era, said she was likely to keep screening out Trump supporters.
The Swiss psychiatrist Hermann Rorschach, acclaimed for his study of inkblots, might have enjoyed doing some field work at the most recent newsroom-wide meeting of The New York Times.
And unlike when these Confederate monuments were first erected as symbols of white supremacy, we now have a chance to create not only new symbols, but to do it together, as one people.
And a Republican legislative leader suggested it could be a crisis on the level of 9/11.
I’m writing this open letter partly to appeal to President Xi Jinping to allow you to travel for treatment.
Vardy kept Leicester alive with a goal in the 73rd minute in one of the few chances created by the English champions.
Lawsuits like these aren’t necessarily bound by ideology or partisan politics.
Russell himself grew up in the Sixth District and cast his first ballot as a registered voter against Upton in 2002.
Many American military leaders maintain that the Bush administration’s departure from established practices in allowing harsh coercive techniques — government lawyers had said they did not meet the legal definition of torture, and had declared that detainees were not protected by the Geneva Conventions — tainted the United States’ reputation while not yielding results.
“We are not amused,” she muttered.
A decade and a half later, there are still just seven doctors, nurses and midwives for every 10,000 people.
In France, he secured part-time teaching jobs at the Sorbonne and the University of Rennes.
No matter how it ultimately plays out, the episode has ignited something of a sagebrush rebellion uniting state officials across a deep ideological divide.
Peter Quinn has put her to shame.
“In his dreams he might envision a sort of Putin-Medvedev interplay, where he or one of his aides can hold power,” Mr. Taraghi said of Mr. Ahmadinejad.
“So,” he said turning to face Ms. Celis.
Harris knew why the eagles had come.
“Lower Ed” is a dense little wonder.
A married couple filing jointly and earning $30,000 will pay an additional $120, which is 0.4 percent of total income, while the same couple earning $100,000 will fork over $755, or 0.755 percent.
Thomas Day Jr., 54, was a contractor who worked in a branch of his father’s home-building business in Corona, Calif.
The conglomerate’s stock price has dropped significantly for the second day in a row.
It was 8:30 p.m., it was 44 degrees Fahrenheit, the wind was blowing, rain was pelting down and the bass was making the trusses shake.
It is the world according to Trump.
Was this what we had been reduced to?
The bin said “JGL,” which doesn’t ring any bells.
A few know of John Mitchell Jr., buried at Evergreen with his mother, Rebecca.
Volkswagen will also be on probation for three years and will be supervised by an independent monitor who will oversee compliance with ethics and regulatory measures.
“I can’t tell you how rare it is that people mean what they say in this business,” she said.
Mr. Pomerance’s other plays included “Melons,” about an aged American Indian chief, which was staged by the Royal Shakespeare Company in London in 1985 with Ben Kingsley in the lead role.
Maksym Kononov, a merchant mariner from Ukraine, can expect considerably more fanfare when his ship, the CMA CGM T Roosevelt, with its crew of 27, arrives Thursday morning, assuming the weather allows.
With Mr. Trump making clear that the U.S. has no intention of meeting his predecessor’s commitments to curb planet-warming pollution, we look at how some of Mr. Obama’s climate policies have fared .
“I loved the newness of everything,” she said.
In contrast to the situation in the United States, however, the wave quickly grew beyond accusations against the famous and powerful: Tens of thousands of Swedish women have signed a series of appeals in the national press detailing incidents of brutal sexual assault and harassment in almost every professional field, from law, medicine and academia to politics and defense.
On snowy days, he shovels the steps and clears the sidewalk.
“All of this just underscores how tenuous progress for women in the C.E.O.
Venezuela’s largest neighbors, Colombia and Brazil, have both said that Mr. Maduro now runs a dictatorship.
Even if you figured out a way to somehow point to a cow with electromagnetic signals, the aliens aren’t going to have cows in their world, which means the reference will most likely be lost on them.
Because no one from Beyoncé’s camp had confirmed the births, and there was nothing from Jay-Z’s team either.
“Suffering” is a word that comes to mind while contemplating the creation of any great project , be it a bridge or a book.
He is also working on the perfect bar of soap with one of his idols, the British designer Jasper Morrison .
FRONT PAGE An article on Wednesday about an admission by the Japanese company Kobe Steel that it had falsified data about the quality of metals it sold described incorrectly one way that quality is measured.
“Behold!” she said, throwing open the Dodge’s back door.
All of this is taking shape at such extraordinary velocity, absent the usual analyses and hearings, that even the most savvy Washington lobbyist cannot be fully certain of the implications.
The police in Malaysia are seeking seven more people in the assassination last Monday of the half brother of North Korea’s leader, including four North Koreans who left Malaysia shortly after the killing, a top police official said Sunday.
Valentino’s creative director, Pierpaolo Piccioli, stood alongside, looking on with pride.
Peace in Richmond, he told them, must come through them.
Shares of technology companies and retailers helped lead the way.
And if anything goes wrong along the way, we’re standing by to help, even if the rescue is as difficult as this guy saving someone off a ski lift in Colorado last week .
While some reached out to the party on their own, the campaign committee is focusing on courting those with military backgrounds.
Although Mr. Tucker has spent much of his career in the insurance industry, he was group finance director for a year at HBOS, a British bank that nearly collapsed during the financial crisis and is now part of Lloyds Banking Group.
Rental trucks and vans could be a good starting point for deployment of such technology.
Peterson is probably an upgrade from the remnants of Chris Johnson, but the Cardinals have averaged 2.6 yards a carry behind their beat-up line, and it will not get any easier against the Buccaneers (2-2), a team ranked eighth in the N.F.L.
getting the group to copy his control-seizing file onto its server, while also 2.)
Roasting concentrates its flavor and sweetness, producing lovely crisp, browned edges.
Mr. Trump carried this mythic posture through the primaries, where he said what other candidates never would, and into the Republican National Convention, where he told his supporters that he could do what they could not.
Maybe you’re just hearing a straight snare pulse every two beats here?
For newspaper delivery questions: 1-800-NYTIMES (1-800-698-4637) or e-mail customercare@nytimes.com .
“Hair of High Quality Plentiful There, American Says,” The New York Times reported ; “$22 Million Deal Made.” By the end of the decade, the United States was the biggest importer of hair, re-exporting it to more than 60 countries.
Doing so pleased their donors and trickle-down true believers, but it is worth pausing for a moment on the cynicism of the plan.
In a 2004 speech to the NAACP he went after out-of-wedlock births, deadbeat dads, sagging pants and more.
The writer is a consultant for EnergyNext.
“Just like my dad, we’re going to persevere and we’re going to win,” he vowed.
— to my mother it was preferable — to look different, as long as you look like yourself.
“We were all united on that,” Mr. Fractenberg said.
This is a choice he made after formerly wearing custom suits from Lagonda, which retail from €800 to €1,200 ($854 to $1,281), during his earlier career as an investment banker — a canny exchange probably based more on constituency than aesthetics.
It is like NBC’s careful husbandry of what has happened every day at the Olympics, only performed almost every week of every year.
The attack was particularly shocking for Quebec City, where the bulk of the population of 750,000 works for the provincial government, universities or in tourism.
Ms. Starke’s fund, which has a retail expense ratio of 1.15 percent, returned 8.1 percent for the third quarter, compared with the 4.48 percent returned by the Standard & Poor’s 500.
That means that 74 high-risk patients would have to be treated for two years to prevent one heart attack or stroke or death from heart disease and that at three years 50 would have to be treated.
But if it were to lull you to sleep, the dreams “Rusalka” inspired might well be nightmares.
I read some Fitzgerald and smiled, thinking of all the suckers shoehorned into seats on United or American.
What we do have are her handprints, and my husband and I cherish them.
The coming phase will be bad.” With the larger questions hanging over the country, the immediate challenge of stabilizing Mosul is monumental, especially in the city’s west side.
“Ours is an honorable profession and, so, we will always act honorably.” It was among the most forceful rejections — if far from singular — of Mr. Trump’s remarks on Long Island.
“I wanted to create a resource for anyone, who in 30 years’ time wants to study how London ended up like this, with only rich people left,” he said.
Supporters and opponents of a leader like Mr. Chávez come to see each other as locked in a high-stakes struggle, justifying extreme action.
He was told that it could not be, but that Mr. Trump was well within his presidential authority to pardon Mr. Arpaio.
Currently, federal spending varies from year to year based on demand for medical services and the cost of care.
In the 1990s, the capitol’s dome was restored, using money raised by schoolchildren through a “Dimes for the Dome” program .
And she brought the same songs from her coming album, “Melodrama,” that she had performed a week earlier at Coachella.
Economists may argue that these programs are ultimately more expensive and less flexible than carbon pricing.
After an attack at Forward Operating Base Chapman on Jan. 19, 2009, forensic technicians were able to recover latent fingerprints from the adhesive packing tape used to bind together the explosive material in the second undetonated bomb, prosecutors said.
“There’s nothing else in the world like it, and I can’t see it working anywhere other than Mauerpark.” Spectators can see it all, including gyrating German grandmothers and men with tattooed skulls belting out opera.
It’s a teardrop in the federal budget, but is emblematic of the ocean of wrong coming from this president.
And you may have seen a photo of Mr. Trump with his hand on a mysterious glowing orb at a counterterrorism center in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Just as Friday’s no-hitter was purely ornamental, the Yankees’ gaudy spring record will not give them any advantages in the regular season.
That remains a vital goal for the Yankees, who want to avoid the harsh penalties in the new luxury tax that takes effect next season.
She explained that “The Forever War,” a 2008 book about Iraq and Afghanistan written by Dexter Filkins of the New Yorker, then a New York Times reporter, had strongly influenced her views.
My sister went off to Hunter College High School for seventh through 12th grade, and she quickly became a child of Manhattan.
It’s hard to imagine an image that could more vividly capture the destruction of innocent life.” Read the cover story, “ The Uncounted .” See all past covers here .
But to become wiser and safer, though indisputably annoyed, step away from that bowl and read on.
“We had operated from the very beginning with the assumption that it was a given that Jimmy Carter could not be re-elected,” Mr. Anderson told a conference at the Institute of Politics at Harvard weeks after the election.
Can its felicities and beauties be restored in ways that, despite its infelicities and bizarreries, still move and delight us?
Well, these are my six: 1.
What’s more, the measurements enabled glaciologists to look at the decline of massive mountain glaciers, like those in Central Asia, which are a critical resource for regional water supplies.
For a more rewarding solution to Mr. Lang’s indisposition, Mr. Corea might have simply replaced Mr. Lang as soloist and presented his personal take on Gershwin.
Instead, the paratroopers were specially trained by the United States Forest Service to jump from C-47 transport planes and be deployed to fight fires ignited by lightning and other causes.
The move elicited boos, and the Hampton Grease Band responded with a lengthy encore.
Central to his progressive platform was a proposal to drive up Birmingham’s minimum wage, after a move last year to bring the city’s rate to $10.10 an hour was quickly undercut by the State Legislature.
Twitter sued the federal government on Thursday to block the unmasking of an anonymous account that has posted messages critical of the Trump administration and has claimed to have ties to a government agency.
He declined to comment on the decision of dozens of congressional Democrats to boycott Mr. Trump’s inauguration.
For the fans, this was their Super Bowl, their Oscars.
Le Pen continued to emphasize the anti-immigrant and anti-globalization views that propelled her into the second round, and she denounced the efforts of the mainstream parties to keep her out of the presidency.
Simply pointing a phone at a restaurant would bring up reviews of it.
In April 1971, Ms. Schwarzer joined de Beauvoir, the actress Catherine Deneuve and 340 other women in admitting publicly that they had had what were then illegal abortions.
Fresno’s new Syrians also are relying on people like Nabih Dagher, whose Dunia International Market sells halal meat, pita bread and other Middle Eastern staples.
The jazz guitarist, the home brewer, the sheepdog trainer, the massage therapist, the shelter volunteer, the Irish fiddler, the board-game enthusiast, the endless photographers and painters and poets and cooks.
“This was a momentous night for the art market,” the auctioneer, Helena Newman, chairwoman of Sotheby’s Europe, said after her evening sale of Impressionist, modern and Surrealist art, which brought a total of £194.8 million.
What exactly is a “lifestyle”?
In his continual quest to improve the N.B.A., Commissioner Adam Silver sometimes suggests that the rules may change.
In the early years, the race ended at the Whitney summit.
Olivia Oran and Lawrence Delevingne, Reuters : In New Jersey, Connecticut and California, former bankers, hedge fund managers and private equity executives have either announced bids for legislative and gubernatorial seats, or associates have told Reuters they are considering running.
What I want the women’s movement to accomplish next year is to find unity and a strong, common voice.
All along the shoreline stood a thick forest of trees that extended out over the ocean.
The other major bidder remaining is a group that includes Tagg Romney, the eldest son of Mitt Romney, the Republican nominee for president in 2012.
King Digital, the Swedish maker of Candy Crush, went public in 2014, but was sold for about $5.9 billion a year later to Activision Blizzard.
“But the science has been validated and verified.
Neither of us has undergone heart surgery, or treatment for cancer, and we don’t kid ourselves that any depiction of the experience we provide will be enough.
“I need you to realize I’m on your side,” he tells a skeptical Joyce.
It is also not true: Research has consistently shown that overall, migrants have little, if any, negative effect on wages or conditions (you can instead blame the recession for that).
The sale price was just slightly more than the $27.04 million the seller, identified as 432 Holdings LLC, had paid for it in July 2016.
The go-to reference for Carrie Fisher, who died on Tuesday at 60, is “Star Wars.” But many journalists have, in the past week, filled out her biography with details about her career as a writer whose candid and pithy books helped many understand and reckon with addiction and mental illness.
The Zika vaccine is one example.
“They will very quickly habituate to a threat.” Edmonton airport has also used live falcons to scare away birds.
“After the courts cleared the way for her to get her abortion, it was the A.C.L.U.’s job as her lawyers to see that she wasn’t delayed any further — not to give the government another chance to stand in her way.” “This administration has gone to astounding lengths to block this young woman from getting an abortion,” Mr. Cole said.
Much to my mother’s chagrin, we didn’t even go with her and my stepfather to the Borghese Gallery.
Of course, the most meaningful difference between Wi-Fi-enabled vending machines and family-run corner stores is the human being.
The self-reliance of individuals and communities would substitute for federal support.
Q UESTION: I’m staying put.
I still feel scared, but perhaps it can comfort people with mental illness to know that many professionals who appear to sit on a high horse of happiness, in fact, sit with them.
Ms. Silverman, 46, one of the greatest stand-up comics of her generation, pioneered a swaggeringly feminine brand of raunchy, button-pushing humor that paved the way for comics like Amy Schumer and Ali Wong.
Also consider: Charles Clay (BUF at Bengals) OAK vs. Ravens; BUF at Bengals Jake Elliott (PHI vs. Cardinals); Robbie Gould (SF at Colts).
Do you think that those evaluations are a good tool for showing commitment to social progress?
Sessions on Monday to discuss reasons to remove Mr. Comey.
“I was a Clancy fan from the time I was a rookie policeman and read ‘The Hunt for Red October.’ I was 22.” Cameron always wanted to be a novelist and a police officer; before they got married, his wife gave him a typewriter and a bulletproof vest.
They are both fearless, not adversaries.” — Susan T. Case, 70, Doylestown, Pa. “I do not see the bull in a negative way now that the ‘Fearless Girl’ has shown up.
The decision included $347 million in punitive damages , which are awarded in only 5 percent of civil trials in which plaintiffs are successful, according to government data .
In the scheme of a full-blown relationship (sexual or otherwise), that’s nothing.
If you have an Alexa-enabled device such as the Amazon Echo, Echo Dot or Tap , you can subscribe in the Alexa app.
With what by legal standards was lightning speed, the judicial branch responded to President Trump’s immigration order on Saturday night, telling the president that he had moved too fast in barring people from seven predominantly Muslim nations from entering the United States.
Most clothing lines offer regular and “petite” lines.
The British network ITV is, in addition to being the BBC’s major rival, a factory for mainstream cop shows.
[ Gothamist ] • Eleven years after they last saw their mother, José and Juan Rivera left El Salvador to join her in the United States, where new challenges awaited.
The model mimics what a human body does in real life.
What do you like about the game, and what don’t you like?
Other possibilities were disease, accident, or injury from flying into a window.
My patient’s wife held his hand as they sedated and paralyzed him so that they could place a breathing tube down his throat.
Dunkin’ Donuts said in a statement that it was aware of the lawsuit but did not address any companywide butter policies.
It wasn’t always the case that zoos emphasized stress reduction in tending to their nonhuman charges.
Why did Led Zeppelin do this?
That has put pressure on defendants and prosecutors to reach agreements, court officials said.
“By attaching names, ages, locations and personal stories and details, we hope a reader can really start to connect with those people beyond a one-line caption that would normally accompany an image,” said Larry Buchanan, a graphics editor at The Times who, along with David Furst, The Times’s international photo editor, helped conceive and direct the project.
I thought I knew everything about him.” A few days later, they returned to New York with matching rose gold bands — from Cartier on Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills, Calif., on their right ring fingers.
• Should the event be unifying, for society today and into the future?
For respect is earned, never demanded.
[ The New York Times ] • Elena Ferrante ’s four Neapolitan novels will be made into a 32-part Italian television series.
I heard a woman behind me ask her friend, “What kind of parent gets her child that much ice cream?” I felt myself go hot with shame.
The troupe’s gutsy and brilliant interpretation of O’Neill’s “The Emperor Jones,” which had Ms. Valk channeling the African-American actor Paul Robeson portraying O’Neill’s idea of devolving savage manhood, became an electric consideration of American perceptions of race.
What would you like to see here?
In 2015, he returned with enough that her parents approved.
For an archive of all the Partisan Writing Roundups, check out Our Picks .
Steven M. Rosenthal, a tax lawyer and senior fellow at the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center , pointed out that based on Mr. Trump’s estimated-tax payments for 2005, he appears to have paid about $12 million in federal income tax in 2004.
One snaps a photo of a young girl posing in front of a pair of suspended wings.
In July, sales of diesels in Germany fell 13 percent compared with a year earlier, according to government figures published on Wednesday.
Parking kiosks won’t accept her prepaid ticket.
Subway systems in Shanghai, and across China, shut down every evening.
Haley asked Roethlisberger what play he liked.
controlled him through secret messages over the internet and told him the things he had to do,” he recalled.
Democratic leaders in Sacramento told Xavier Becerra he had a big job ahead of him when he was appointed the state’s new attorney general.
He woke up in a hospital.
John P. Carlin, who was the Justice Department’s top national security lawyer, has moved to the law firm Morrison & Foerster to lead its global risk and crisis management practice, the firm announced on Tuesday.
An unsuccessful run for county judge in 1982, though giving voters a taste of the hard-line populism that would later draw a national fan base, only seemed to leave him more isolated.
On the boys’ side, she stuck on glow-in-the-dark stars and moons, so they could gaze at a night sky as they fell asleep.
Most of the people I talked to who had moved from Northern cities to the South were upbeat about their new home but also frank about its shortcomings.
How do they make the machine?
“It’s hard to imagine a legitimate reason for having this kind of extensive data on people’s movements, unless it’s part of a broader surveillance effort,” said Claire Lauterbach of Privacy International, a research and advocacy group in London.
Mr. Damore argues that there should be a meritocracy regardless of gender, but as long as women are viewed as innately inferior then achieving meritocracy is not possible.
Citing information from local police officers, a spokeswoman for the Grasse town hall said the assailant appeared to be with an accomplice — also a student — who fled.
“I try to get them to see the world’s going to resume,” he said.
Merkel is not one to fuss.
The defense portrayed Mr. Wildstein as a political trickster who relished dirty tactics and deceit that seemed pulled from fictional political thrillers, including stealing the jacket of Frank R. Lautenberg , then a United States senator, before a debate so that Mr. Lautenberg, a Democrat, would have to borrow a coat and be uncomfortable while facing off against Mr. Wildstein’s preferred candidate, Representative Millicent H. Fenwick , a Republican.
But how would I find people who were sick enough to qualify for a medical death and would be willing to let a journalist poke around in what remained of their lives?
A movement to withdraw it began when an African-American high school student here started a petition.
It developed an on-demand subscription service to go head-to-head with Spotify and Apple, and had plans to expand internationally.
As he hosted the Palestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas , Mr. Trump proclaimed that he would be the president who finally makes peace in the Middle East.
It is also not clear whether Mr. Trump will keep that requirement.
Will people your age and younger still want to be solvers?
On his deathbed, he quoted the third law of thermodynamics, which was about stasis and the stopping of entropy in a perfect crystal as the temperatures approach absolute zero.
The Los Angeles cool kids Remington Guest and Heather Haber met in an UberPool beneath a full moon.
She assumed that he was talking to neighbors.
These women sacrifice their jobs, their health, their own well-being to become caretaker.
Our guide to the city’s best classical music and opera.
“Applying the new measurement alternative for equity investments without readily determinable fair values could be challenging,” the firm said in a 2016 report on the rule .
“Philippine police have good reason to believe that they can literally get away with murder ,” he wrote online.
flag .. “They ought to make it the Brexit logo,” one resident said.
But that missed the point: Mr. Yevtushenko, like his fellow shestidesiatniki, did not see himself as an opponent of the Soviet system.
Back in 2005, when Mrs. Sirleaf, a Harvard-educated global bureaucrat, was on the ballot, the women of Liberia united behind her.
But “once they start policing peoples’ beliefs offline,” he said, “it’s not unreasonable to ask why they allow people who have other beliefs or behaviors that are repugnant.” For his part, Mr. Cantwell complained in an interview before his arrest this week that in the days since the march and rally in Charlottesville, he had also been kicked off Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Match and Tinder.
Mr. Gallin was also one of Hollywood’s most celebrated hosts, holding swanky soirees at dozens of multimillion-dollar estates that as part of an enormously successful second career, he bought, built, spruced up and sold to Hollywood luminaries, including the record executive Jimmy Iovine, the movie executive Jeffrey Katzenberg and the reality television king Mark Burnett.
To them, the gel seemed slightly louche, like using margarine instead of butter.
President Trump’s polling average has never once exceeded a favorability rating of 48 percent, and it now hovers at about 37 percent.
She had long, dark hair, wiry limbs and big, watchful eyes.
The department also accused the L.R.A.
“His collection is very personal, and it doesn’t have any particular geographical or historical boundaries,” she added.
It is designed to measure production and just production — not welfare or happiness.
A Cisco spokeswoman said Mr. Pai had asked the company’s chief executive, Chuck Robbins, to gather some Silicon Valley leaders to discuss the future of net neutrality.
Some hatehatehate the federal programs they’d be charged with guiding.
_____ • An expected strong “yes” vote in the Iraqi Kurds’ referendum on independence is not likely to lead to a separate state anytime soon.
There were a lot of legal things we had to do as well with that much cash.
Stalin was already a ruthless and canny militant in the 1890s when Hitler was still a toddler.
His hope is that the boys will become lucky flotsam in the “filtration system that sucks in strong wrists, quick reflexes and supple limbs from every part of the city, channels them through school teams, club championships and friendly matches for years and years, and then one sudden morning pours them out into an open field where two or maybe three new players will be picked for the Mumbai Ranji Trophy team.” Beyond this lie the vertiginous heights of sporting superstardom, sponsorship deals and lifelong adulation.
What bothered him most, he said, was the district’s tortured shape, designed to make it easier for a minority candidate to win the seat.
It was not clear whether such ads appeared on YouTube or the Gmail email service, the person said.
It was actually Mr. Trump’s predecessor, Barack Obama, who signed a 2015 law imposing tighter visa restrictions on foreigners who have traveled to Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan within the last five years.
With legal adult use in sight, the industry is making a rapid transition to more sophisticated, transparent and mainstream business practices, he said.
You have to say something.
These clubs are a world away from the bright lights of the Champions League.
Talking is a necessary step to re-establishing critical links of communication to avoid a nuclear catastrophe.
The dispiriting wave of religion-based violence abroad, and sometimes violent flare-ups here over issues like abortion and L.B.G.T.Q.
“It’s a private company very creatively using public resources — in this instance, teachers’ time and expertise — to build new markets at low cost,” said Patricia Burch, an associate professor of education at the University of Southern California.
You might want to review the best ways to cool your space , our recommendations of the best air-conditioners and how to start biking to work .
His message, according to officials, was that he wanted more creative solutions.
And how scary can a ghost be compared with a young male future senator picking up his first Ayn Rand?
But I did wish there was a way for me to finish my degree.
Analysts say his case is a test of whether the country’s relatively youthful democracy and judicial system are ready to crack down on the white-collar crimes of family-owned conglomerates, or chaebol, among which Samsung is the biggest and most profitable.
Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com .
During the Sacramento speech, Mr. West singled out Q-Tip: “I love you, bro.
“We understand that we have to pick ourselves up and get on with the season as best we can until he’s back with us,” said Irving, who finished with 22 points and 10 assists in the Celtics’ 102-99 loss , a much-anticipated game that was rendered fairly meaningless.
A few schools employed much higher burdens of proof, such as “clear and convincing evidence” and “beyond a reasonable doubt” — approaches that skewed the disciplinary process sharply in favor of the accused.
In between, Keflezighi would help his father with his various late night jobs, like cleaning banks or offices.
Working a low body count and a slow burn, “Desolation” is a decent short film that’s been unwisely expanded to feature length.
What they will remember is what we did or did not do about global warming.
Clark and Greene have jokingly talked about being warned not to play hockey in the courthouse hallways.
The commander said she picked up her first gun when she was 13, in the early 1970s, and her family was embroiled in fighting Muslim separatist rebels in the area.
The younger generation, which tends to be more hands-on, “will want to write a check to create a scholarship for minority students and then become a mentor and engage with the student who is receiving the scholarship,” he said.
Officials in both parties believe Democratic gains in the House, where Republicans enjoy a 24-seat majority, could reach as high as 40 seats if the political environment does not improve for the Republicans.
“The only possible way that I can comprehend the loss of my wife, is that her life is some sort of sacrifice for a higher purpose — which is to help the nation’s safety,” Mr. Brody said after the ruling.
Washington defenseman Karl Alzner calls Beagle the N.H.L.’s best fourth-line center, saying, “He’s been so good in every facet of the game.” Capitals General Manager Brian MacLellan added: “He always plays with energy.
“When someone is a little dressed up and looking like they made an effort, it’s almost like they’re showing respect for themselves and for everybody else on the plane,” said Ms. Linder, of Los Angeles, who has maintained her career as a flight attendant while also appearing on the TV soap opera “The Young and the Restless.” “My personal opinion is that when you take pride in how you look, you take pride in how you act,” she said.
Since the handover, more than one million mainland Chinese have moved here, contributing their energy and talents to the territory’s economic development.
A big question: How much more can Alexion do?
In an earlier hearing, Mr. Cosby’s lawyers tried to introduce a psychologist whose work examines the reliability of memory in recalling decades-old events, and they may do so again at trial, experts said.
“And what scale that will be really remains to be seen.” When Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi’s political party, the National League for Democracy, came to power in 2016 after winning Myanmar’s first free general election in decades the year before, she became the leader of a country with a long history of military rule, simmering religious and ethnic tensions , borderlands that were haunted by slow-burning civil wars and a military-drafted Constitution that left generals — who had once kept her under house arrest — with firm control of the domestic security apparatus.
By contrast Yoox Net-a-Porter, the world’s largest luxury commerce site by sales, buys and holds products from brands before selling them directly to consumers.
“We’ll leave it be.” In a statement, Dani Lever, a spokeswoman for the governor, called the funding tax “politically popular” but “impossible to pass” through Albany.
He acknowledged that he was competing in a sport with a relatively small fan base, even when under the Olympic spotlight.
Forecasters expect sales of about 17.2 million vehicles in 2017, down from last year’s record of 17.5 million.
About a month after Mr. Rojas returned to Jacksonville, in September 2012, he was arrested just outside Naval Station Mayport and charged with battery and resisting an officer.
The museum’s biennial show is a lesson in how objects from across eras, cultures and genres can be brought together to yield both ethical awareness and visual allure.
Within a few minutes, the story will come out in halting pieces — how the Howard School in Chattanooga, one of the oldest predominantly black public high schools in the South , fielded its first baseball team in 40 years; how they did not win a single game but played hard; how he promised to wear their team cap.
The nature of these hacking attempts has spurred an urgent joint report from the Department of Homeland Security and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
The combo may not be new ( Splash , a now-closed club in Chelsea, hosted Musical Mondays for over two decades), but it’s certainly growing.
As James becomes increasingly destabilized by his wife’s transformation, the movie seems keen to linger over what can happen to a relationship when a previously dependent partner gains agency.
A path that wants Indians to have freedom of conscience, thought and speech so that the best ideas and energies can be devoted to raising up the poor, the marginalized and the discriminated and making India a republic for all its citizens.
The abundance and diversity of wildlife was stunning.
It isn’t looking good for humanity.
• Lo-fi rap is thriving on SoundCloud, the streaming service.
What Republicans agree on is that their candidates must avoid the contortions of Ed Gillespie, their Virginia nominee for governor, who embraced Mr. Trump’s divisive messages on immigration, crime and Confederate “heritage” but danced inartfully around whether he actually supported the president.
A noise meter gauges their success, and, presumably, the parents of young viewers cross their fingers that their own children will take notes.
He said waiting tables was a natural fit for his daughter, who loved to meet new people.
The French Open is in full swing — and virtually every story about the tournament includes reference to a man who had little to do with tennis.
Helane Becker, an airline analyst at Cowen, elevated the firm’s stance on shares in American, describing the airline’s outlook for next year as “compelling” in a research note.
Because what we have right now is a joke and it’s a laughingstock.
As the call progresses, the consumer presses for confirmation.
They’re not suing; they’re venting.
“She needs to be able to move with the fabric, so there’s stretch to it, but always clean lines,” she added.
“I’m already starting to practice, every day, a very short time now — like 20 to 30 minutes a day,” he said.
For the record, I don’t think he died in that Wall collapse.
After struggling with the Milwaukee Bucks in the first round, the Raptors were swept by the Cavaliers in the Eastern Conference semifinals.
It is unusually strong and well built, seven strands of barbed wire and massive 8-by-8 posts.
But it’s a fascinating curiosity and a rewarding project for this reconfigured company, following its success in January with Bernstein’s “Candide,” directed by Harold Prince.
A Dutch government official denied him a travel grant because of his vivid depictions of masturbation, and later the Belgian king refused to present him with a literary prize, because Reve’s partner had been accused of indecency with a minor.
Those numbers are nonsense, as is his argument that the agreement would force the country to make enormous economic sacrifices and cause a huge redistribution of jobs and economic resources to the rest of the world.
■ 23D: I suppose I should just move on with my life, but the clue “well-known octet” for PLANETS still makes me sad on behalf of our dwarf planet, Pluto.
Within weeks, the university’s trustees are expected to form a committee to search for a new president.
Sayed Alam, 12, who arrived in Bangladesh nearly four months ago from Myanmar, makes $1.20 a day pulling in fishing nets on a beach not far from the refugee camps.
Jonathan Demme shoots David Byrne and Talking Heads in performance in what many critics consider one of the best concert films, with a visual style “as coolly iconoclastic as Talking Heads itself,” Janet Maslin wrote in The New York Times .
[ The New York Times ] • Cutting out all added sweeteners for 30 days can permanently and pleasantly improve eating habits.
A single man of large fortune; with many admirers and speaking engagements!” Now the internet is a creature of mean understanding, too much information and uncertain temper.
“Lego bricks strewn across the floor, poster paints cluttering the breakfast table, children’s drawings covering the fridge,” she said.
But my favorite is this: As we age, we simply pay less attention to time.
“We want to be treated fairly,” he said.
But he added that making “Warsaw Is My Name” has helped him come to terms with his conflicted feelings about his homeland.
She burst on the epic fantasy scene with her earlier Inheritance trilogy (completed in 2011) and has pretty well conquered it with the Broken Earth.
There is always the whisper that some other, nearby building is the new hot spot with more welcoming rules for social media stars, but 1600 Vine remains the most prominent and best known.
The Federal Trade Commission has brought several regulatory actions against businesses in recent years over privacy violations.
“All we like sheep,” sings the chorus in Handel’s “Messiah,” and most of classical music’s more traditional institutions appear to agree when it comes to programming at Christmas.
It’s epic in every sense of that word: sweeping, mythic, over-the-top, colossal and dizzyingly complex.
The photographs in this series, titled “The Blues,” on view at the booth of the Jack Shainman Gallery of New York, are tinted the titular color, which allows Ms. Weems to short-circuit photographic stereotypes of African-Americans, but also freights her pictures of Ms. Blige with inescapable sadness.
Still, some worry that far-right extremism is under-addressed as leaders strain to avoid the appearance of bias against mainstream conservatives — a consideration not so easily afforded to Muslims.
At checkpoints, mushers usually feed the dogs, massage them, try to get them to rest, and restock the sled with supplies.
Then the measure would go to the House, where resistance is even stronger to anything that resembles an effort to prop up the health care law.
Mr. Bannon’s fixation with China prompted his call to Mr. Kuttner — whom Mr. Bannon views as a like-minded China hawk — and his comments, in a conversation he believed was off the record, laid out his role in a bitter months-long battle over trade with Mr. Trump’s economic advisers.
It’s annoying,” added the fan, who asked that his name not be used.
It includes his years as a young high school coach in Miami, where he groomed future N.B.A.
Until last year, Mr. Kwan was the president of Yoox North America, the online luxury retailer; before that, he was the business projects manager for Dolce & Gabbana.
Church World Service did allow an exception for the Rutgers task force to contact the family directly in Istanbul, after it received approval from a relative living in New Jersey.
The Bell crowd is tight-knit; the bartenders have to be Bayside residents, she said.
Across Glen Cove Creek from Garvies Point, proposed waterside recreational amenities and other upgrades are being considered by the city for the playing fields and various facilities at the 19-acre John Maccarone Memorial (City) Stadium complex.
I would gladly pay $100 to watch Donald Trump and Ted Cruz eat dinner together.
Stanley Black & Decker will be able to sell Craftsman tools in even more outlets.
Zij zei dat ze online vijandigheid had ondervonden als ze zich positief uitsprak over het opvangen van vluchtelingen en het verwelkomen van immigranten.
Gerald R. Ford pardoned Richard M. Nixon.
■ Judge Gorsuch defended his originalist judicial philosophy, assuring skeptics that “no one is looking to return us to the horse-and-buggy days.” ■ When asked about his views on cameras recording Supreme Court proceedings, Judge Gorsuch would say only that he would keep an open mind.
to continue to keep the flag of free trade waving high,” the Japanese prime minister, Shinzo Abe, and the president of the European Union’s executive arm, Jean-Claude Juncker, said in a joint statement .
“The current administration’s been terrific for the scary-movie business.
“He looked at your ability.” For the sled players, Sauer’s impact registers whenever they put on their helmets, affixed with stickers memorializing him, or enter their dressing room, where a poster of him sitting on a net and reads Team First, hangs on a wall.
If Chrome does not ask if you want to make it your default browser and import your existing bookmarks from other programs, it can be done manually .
In the end, China did not slash subsidies for rooftop solar panels, and cut them only slightly for large power-plant arrays.
This would require at least eight Democratic senators to join the Republicans’ 52-seat majority.
Black mirrors with audio line the walls — one per victim — murmuring possible last thoughts.
Ms. Peters, who would sing with the Met 515 times over 35 vigorous years, was internationally renowned for her high, silvery voice (in private, she could hit a high A, two and a half octaves above middle C); her clarion diction in a flurry of languages; her attractive stage presence; and, by virtue of the fact that she and television came to prominence at about the same time , her wide popular appeal.
Passengers wearing sleek jumpsuits will be able to peer out what the company says will be the largest windows in space, taking up about one-third of the surface area of the dome.
Margot I think this problem really highlights the narrow path to passage for this bill.
“This is for all the women, women of color and colorful people whose stories, ideas, thoughts are not always considered worthy and valid and important.
Ms. Cotillard can be magnetic even when playing an unplayable character, but when Gabrielle falls for a veteran (Louis Garrel, who has perfected the facial expression of someone looking for another conversation), the chasm between her abilities and her co-star’s is mountainous.
In the end, my patient’s leaving was not about our therapeutic alliance.
The groom’s mother is a director of the Maurania Corporation, a privately held investment company in Providence.
Ending it would save $70,000 by 2020, it said.
Both of the intelligence officials testified before lawmakers on Tuesday.
Such mobility enabled them to better coordinate their actions with North Vietnamese planners and to retreat across the border into Cambodia when necessary.
The water seems especially pure in this section.
“Nothing is particularly weighted more than anything else.” Race is not one of the criteria, but to opponents of race-conscious admissions, such methods sound suspiciously like a euphemism for affirmative action.
Cissy had some ambivalence about whether her daughter should become an entertainer, but she nevertheless told her that if she was going to sing, she’d better step up.
Sure, the president came across in Comey’s testimony like a mob don, demanding fealty and calling on Comey to do him a service by seeing his way clear to letting the nefarious Michael Flynn go.
The conference has been the site of several historic meetings, including two in 1989: the first ministerial-level meeting between North and South Korea, and another between the leaders of East and West Germany.
There were more movies-of-the-week and more television series.
The complaints prompted some members of the council, most of whom live in the southern part of the district, to express regret for neglecting the problems facing the Harlem schools.
Ms. Salman, in an interview last year with The New York Times , said, “I was unaware of everything.” Ms. Sweeney offered a decidedly more sinister account and said that shortly before the attack, Ms. Salman and Mr. Mateen had made arrangements for access to the couple’s funds after his death.
The plaintiffs in the case said the bank had “served as the ‘paymaster’ for Hamas and other terrorist organizations, helping them identify and pay the families of suicide bombers and other terrorists.” The bank responded that it had helped the United States in “the fight against terrorism financing and money laundering” and was not accused by the plaintiffs of being “involved in the planning, financing or commission of the attacks that caused their injuries.”
Prices average around 15,000 euros, or $17,670, per square meter, reflecting “a new generation of properties being delivered there, replacing ’70s and ’80s relics” with high-tech, ultraluxury homes, he said.
“‘Just’ 91 rushing yards?” defensive end Cam Heyward said, referring to the Vikings’ total on Sunday.
Who actually exports a lot to Mexico?
First, though, a bit of housekeeping: Because many schools are off this week for midwinter break, some of our features are also taking a holiday.
It achieves this by maintaining the government imprimatur for ratings agencies known as a nationally recognized statistical rating organization — an N.R.S.R.O., in industry parlance.
… I promise.” I have not heard from him since.
In the little shop Mr. Puttampurakkal runs, I bought bags of the small, local black Malabar peppercorns locals call tribal pepper and another of the fat, fragrant peppercorns called Tellicherry, named after the famed growing region in Northern Kerala.
The show’s first section, “Gestural Abstraction,” is dominated by two brushy, wall-filling paintings — one by Lee Krasner, the other by Joan Mitchell — of a kind that has been a staple at the museum since the 1940s.
“Pedro Hernandez is an innocent man.” Mr. Hernandez is on trial in the kidnapping and death of Etan Patz, the 6-year-old boy who disappeared in 1979 as he walked to his school bus stop in SoHo alone for the first time.
“I know you enjoyed this type of mission; I know, because it was the Champs” — meaning the Champs-Élysées — “and the image of France, because it was also culture that you were protecting.” Mr. Cardiles then shifted to the night of the attack, saying that when he had heard there had been an attack on the Champs-Élysées and that a police officer had been killed, “A little voice inside told me that it was you.” He addressed his companion’s killer, who was shot the night of the attacks, saying, “You will not have my hate.” This was an echo of the words of Antoine Leiris, the husband of one of the victims in the November 2015 attack on the Bataclan music hall in Paris, who wrote a book saying he would not be sucked into hatred of his wife’s killers.
“But Mr. Trump does, which is extraordinary.” Mao did on occasion use “enemy of the people,” but he directed it not at his domestic foes but at the United States, declaring in 1964 that “U.S.
The display at Karen Lennox confirms Castle as multifaceted, most notably with two drawings of lettering.
But the 1847 West Village house, which is on the market for $25 million , is a rarity all its own.
Netanyahu is now close to Bennett’s position: Some form of Palestinian self-rule (and they can call it what they like) on whatever disjointed fragments of the West Bank remain once Israel has satisfied its security needs.
It’s enforced on the most vulnerable.” At Bossa Nova Civic Club, people swayed in the haze created by a smoke machine.
In the United States, lawmakers are looking into Russian efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election on social media platforms.
“No daughter of mine is marrying a robot and that’s final!” a father exclaims.
Jill Abramson, my old boss, is one of the toughest journalists I know.
Trisha took the walk and the place it might occur and tamed it.
But even a megalomaniac like Mr. Kim understands that unleashing them would spell a hellish end to him and his country.
Mr. Trump makes up his mind to act, although aides declined to provide more details about the president’s thinking and the conversations on the plane.
There, the complaints said, Mr. Patrick admitted that he had only $800, and Mr. DiNardo offered to sell him a shotgun instead.
The orchestra soon intervenes with slashing fortissimo chords.
In a grisly moment, the monstrous matriarch emerges from the shack they call home waving a severed limb and asks, “Who wants more foot?” _________ The Word of the Day and the quiz question have been provided by Vocabulary.com .
With time, and the existing ethics procedures, things are likely to emerge that will surprise us all.
Dean, sprinting to keep up, awarded a penalty.
“Everyone wanted to make him happy,” said the songwriter Carole Bayer Sager, who booked the evening’s entertainment.
In mid-April, a Google search for “socialism vs. capitalism” brought back one of the site’s links on the first results page but, by August, that same search didn’t feature any of its links.
I wanted to remind people that individuals can make a difference.
In “Blood Simple,” McDormand is in her mid-20s, dewy and golden blond, and she seems to occupy brighter, warmer light than anyone else in her scenes.
Now, after her 6-4, 6-4 victory over her sister, she can celebrate No.
For kicks, Maria once disguised her voice and left him a voice mail message threatening to lynch him: “We’re gonna string you up by a dreadlock, man, and light you on fire.” The couple met at Stanford in the late 1980s.
Mr. Cleveland said that he used to “work 16 hours straight on a Sunday.” But he got a wake-up call when a repetitive stress injury left him temporarily unable to type.
When an Asian woman in the group told him her name, followed by a man named Patrick, he said: “See, that’s a name.” On Twitter, several people said making fun of nonwhite names, far from simple middle-school bullying, serves to “other”-ize them.
Ultimately, the judge ruled that she would serve on the jury.
“Thanks to the good Lord, I’m in good health, but it’s time for the next step,” he said.
All of that should add up to a horrible day for the Texans (3-5).
Ms. Valk’s Johnston, who began the play reading from “Lesbian Nation,” ends with a hopeful passage from the same book about rewriting the ancient myths of womanhood.
I wanted to follow the book.
When Jordan started, Chris was a megastar.
“Dear Jimmy, thanks so much for inviting me into your home for dinner.
A year ago, when he finally won the French Open, Djokovic held all four Grand Slam singles titles.
She sets out to rectify this, knowing just which medical mysteries and haunting vignettes will give the pandemic full purchase on our imaginations.
Investigators discovered that the suspect, using a false identity, registered in December 2015 with German officials in Giessen, about 40 miles north of Frankfurt, as a Syrian refugee.
“Audrey said, ‘I’ve changed in a Starbucks bathroom one too many times.’” By the spring of 2016, they found a 3,500-square-foot space on the 12th floor of a building on East 20th Street to rent, and hired an all-female team — Alda Ly , an architect, and Chiara de Rege and Hilary Koyfman, interior designers — to realize their vision.
“I was hoping to say that more often but I’ll say it today.”
“All we know is that he was murdered,” Mrs. Richardson said.
But some see it as the right approach, even if players leave after one or two years to turn pro.
“And if they use it more often, there will be more inventory for advertising.” The company is trying to strike a balance between censorship and free speech.
One thing: I wonder if this is a case of lousy security on the website rather than actual “hacking.” That wouldn’t mitigate the offense of those who exploited it, but administrators who are careless about such things merit reproach, too.
After the first round, she had planned to stay away from the polls, but finally resolved to vote for Mr. Macron in an effort to prevent a Le Pen victory.
Hundreds of people, ages 4 to 94, including Ms. Namusoosa and Mr. Levi, danced to everything from Justin Bieber to the local Ugandan pop star GNL Zamba, Afro-reggae, Afro-techno and beyond.
chief, to inform Congress about a new review in the Hillary Clinton email investigation ahead of the election.
1 cause of ethical conflicts today in American hospitals,” he said.
The findings may help researchers promote activities and initiatives that increase dog walking and spread the Lassie effect.
Josh Groban led a massive musical number from “Natasha, Pierre & the Great Comet of 1812” that filled the stage and the aisles of Radio City Music Hall with a phalanx of colorfully dressed singers and high-kicking dancers.
The Bloody Angle is safe now, but not quiet.
Its beaches were a departure point for many of the estimated 180,000 migrants who illegally reached Italy last year.
Game of Thrones returns for its seventh season this weekend on HBO Canada .
Amid all this, it is noteworthy that Equifax imposes higher costs than competitors for some of its credit-reporting services.
“It’s very dangerous.” In the middle of August, a thermometer planted in one of their vineyards showed heat in excess of 104 degrees Fahrenheit.
Moviegoers may recall the basic premise of “Father Figures” from “Flirting With Disaster, ” a vastly funnier 1996 comedy by David O. Russell.
On “Small Town,” his new album of duets with the bassist Thomas Morgan, Mr. Frisell’s homey, plangent guitar sound is the essence of patient grace.
A wave of civilian casualties in Mosul is raising questions about military priorities.
“Absolutely,” he said with a nod, and bent to pet a cat.
Investigators are also likely to be interested in an unsent letter drafted by President Trump and a top aide laying out his rationale for firing the F.B.I.
A systematic review of studies published this month by the Cochrane Collaboration concluded there was no clear evidence that formula supplementation with DHA, or docosahexaenoic acid, a nutrient found mainly in fish and fish oil, improves infant brain development.
Ms. Kobliner’s book won’t make anyone a financial genius.
(She comes roughly every eight weeks.)
“I’m not going to change the way I do it just because I’m getting older,” Mr. Caro, 81, said of the process.
In person and on the campaign trail, the twice-divorced mother of three conveys tough frankness in familiar, gravelly tones conditioned by years of smoking — an alluring combination to growing ranks of French voters.
It was the first air-sea battle and a strategic victory for Allied forces.
Lawmakers have been debating fairness, with wealthier communities arguing that they should not have to support poorer municipalities.
[ The New York Times ] • The film adaptation of Stephen King’s “It” is a “skillful blend of nostalgic sentiment and hair-raising effects,” A.O.
The campaign’s flagship video depicts what would happen if internet trolls confronted their targets in public rather than online.
“To avoid that, recognize that we Puerto Ricans are American citizens.
And yet in the original edition Oompa Loompas were a tribe of African pygmies.
Some see the possibility that the arrests are meant to smooth a transition should King Salman abdicate.
Mr. Pistorius denied committing murder , saying he opened fire through a locked bathroom door at his home in Pretoria in the early hours of Feb. 14, 2013, in the belief that an intruder had entered the building, only to discover that he had shot and killed Ms. Steenkamp.
As a result, she knows a thing or two about luxury gifts, favoring items with an ethical or craftsmanship bent.
”) - David Brooks: “ The Essential John McCain ” (Most read: “ When the World Is Led by a Child ”) - Paul Krugman: Something different — a policy discussion on Ezra Klein’s podcast (Most read: “ Donald the Unready ”) - Frank Bruni: “ Are You Old?
But there is vanishingly little evidence for the Supreme Court’s assertion that convicted sex offenders commit new offenses at very high rates.
A front-page headline in Al Akhbar, a newspaper that leans toward Hezbollah, called the Saudi-backed Mr. Hariri a “hostage.” Even his advisers and allies were unwilling to declare unequivocally that he was free to return on his own schedule.
We undertake a collective mourning for black people who were never meant to be included within the ideal norms of American democracy, yet forced themselves to dream as they faced nightmares, to continue breathing as they were suffocating from the stench of black bodies lynched and burned alive, and who forced themselves to stay alive when suicide would have been easier.
She requested to speak without using her name because of worries about losing her job.
The actors Meg Ryan and Jake Gyllenhaal each bought apartments at 443 Greenwich Street , another development in TriBeCa.
“He would be so thrilled and honored to have his show here.
The $100 million loan will be for one year, provided by JP Morgan Chase, according to court documents.
A majority of them have been detained there for more than four years, and most are legally eligible for resettlement.
A local family decided to pour hundreds of thousands of dollars into starting a news organization from scratch, hiring reporters to cover zoning board meetings and high school wrestling tournaments and whatever else residents in this New Jersey suburb care about.
“Where it gets troubling, from a fan perspective, is tons and tons of strikeouts, no action, lots of pitching changes,” Manfred said.
( Axios ) • Senator Joe Manchin III, Democrat of West Virginia, argued that the G.O.P.
In the United States, Dallas and Seattle have experimented with dockless bike-sharing programs, although New York City recently issued a cease-and-desist letter to a company planning a demonstration.
“I’d come up in the world like hundreds of artists.
One longtime Avalon resident said that boredom was always a problem.
1993: Steve Jr. and his partner, Irene, at their baby shower in Griffith Park.
Nationwide, 1,721 people were detained on Monday, according to OVD-Info, an independent organization that tracks arrests, during one of the most sweeping anti-government demonstrations since President Vladimir V. Putin came to power.
In the memo, obtained by The Times, Deborah Harris, the Armory Show’s managing director, reports being “berated and humiliated” by Mr. Genocchio after chastising him for “frisky behavior” that included, she said, making “lewd comments about the bodies and dress” of staff members.
I rallied with Reid, who by the way is quite a rallier.
Silvers, like many who observed him, seemed to believe he would be in his perch forever.
Somewhere, she says, Spielberg once declared that “everything about me is in my films.” Haskell takes him at his word and rewatches everything.
“‘That is so thoughtful’?” “Did I say something wrong?” “Jenny Boylan, what is wrong with you?
Reached by phone in Austin, Tex., Leo Goldstein, DefyCCC’s founder, said he had started the site in 2015, and that CCC stood for “climate change cult — which sounds like an exaggeration, but it’s not.” He said he aimed to combat what he saw as alarmism over science that he argued was not settled.
Everybody is talking about her.”
To what degree the president deserves credit for the rise in stock prices remains a subject of debate, but so far, he has been far more market-friendly than his campaign pronouncements suggested.
I can’t even imagine what it must be like through the eyes of a 6-year old.” Later, as he talked about the casting process, which included convincing adults that he wasn’t a creep off the street, one of his young stars, Brooklynn Prince, wandered over.
The other method was to fracture unwinnable Democratic districts, salting their Democrats among Republican-majority districts so that races there became closer yet remained out of Democrats’ reach.
I don’t mention armbands, portraits of Himmler and unspeakable racist jokes.
“It would be expected that if people are exposed to these kinds of events in the news all the time, that they’re going to be less reactive.
Problems Something a little left field — a short four episode comedy series called “Problems.” The series stars and was created by internationally acclaimed Australian Sam Simmons and does have the unique, odd, slightly obscure Australian humour on show in all its glory.
But after speaking with several teams, including the Los Angeles Lakers, Rose found a landing spot with the Cavaliers, who are in some disarray after Kyrie Irving recently requested a trade from the team.
Justice Sonia Sotomayor was the most consistent voice on the other side, though she seemed to be in the minority.
Fishermen are still allowed to use a different type of net, intended for catching corvina fish, that is not supposed to pose a threat to the vaquitas.
Oriental, Russian and mixed salads are nearly all the same thing.” Recipes for “Chinese chicken salad” started appearing in American newspapers in the ’30s, but their components ranged far and wide, from mayonnaise and gelatin to pineapple chunks and celery and, in one case , French dressing.
If you are the president, you may freely: • attack private citizens on Twitter • delegitimize federal judges who rule against you • refuse to take responsibility for military actions gone awry • fire the F.B.I.
Mr. Lockhart was struggling with cataracts and had a home health aide.
Crammed with 56,326 words and more than 200 amendments, New York State’s bloated Constitution is about seven times as long as the amended United States Constitution and well over twice the average length of the constitutions of the other 49 states.
Maria leaves a whole new level of recovery to be scaled.
Investors and the company’s board of directors were particularly keen on stabilizing the troubled company after months of internal turmoil.
If you had to send someone to eat in one place in Israel, where would it be?
But she worries that awareness disclaimers and privilege apologies have ferried us to a silly, self-involved realm of oppression Olympics.
“Tony Conrad is as punk rock as anyone who ever had the audacity to call themselves punk rock,” said the writer and musician Henry Rollins, formerly of Black Flag, who moderated a post-screening conversation for the new documentary “Tony Conrad: Completely in the Present” in Los Angeles earlier this month.
Ten years ago most doctors would have called this malpractice.
“The French Laundry is Thomas Keller,” he said.
In an interview with CBS News in August, Mr. Scott encouraged Mr. Trump to meet with black leaders who have a “deep connection to the horror and pain” of slavery, Jim Crow and the racism exemplified by the Charlottesville riots.
It is $17.99, not $16.99.
Until one day you finally get that step, you successfully hit that step right on beat.
No matter the document type, teachers should end the exercise by asking students: What questions does this primary source raise for you about the Vietnam War?
“That is the first red flag that goes up,” Mr. Shipley said in an interview Friday, remarking on how few SEALs served in Vietnam.
— If you are a college student, what advice do you have for high school students planning to go to college?
“I think the Washington swamp critters are making a very big mistake.” Mr. Brooks, a fierce opponent of illegal immigration, was borrowing from the hymnal of President Trump in what could be the first major Republican primary clash of his administration.
“The good guys are creating a market for the bad guys.
Maddon had been questioned for not using Davis in Game 2, which the Dodgers won on a walk-off home run by Turner off John Lackey, an inferior pitcher.
It has been an incredibly exciting and intense period.” Across the Atlantic, Burberry is preparing for its second see-now, buy-now show, inspired by the artist Henry Moore on Feb. 20.
How should the musical issues in the alto parts of the choruses be resolved?
“Taking care of people separates him,” said Marty Shapiro, a Myriad partner.
That would seem to suggest that the back channel was meant to be hidden from the sitting government.
On Saturday, students joined nuns, activists and even supporters of Mr. Duterte as an estimated 5,000 people poured out of their homes to join a march for Mr. delos Santos .
In response, Moses gave an interview to People magazine , saying: “Of course Woody did not molest my sister.
However, Mr. Kristof’s interviews make clear that these voters continue to favor cutting social programs that benefit other Americans.
Mr. DiCaprio was seated next to Mr. Penn and wore his customary newsboy cap.
At first glance, Mr. Rajoy’s strategy seems counterintuitive.
The police ordered people to evacuate a 1.5-mile radius around the plant when Arkema officials warned that explosions were imminent.
“Jim has a reputation as a terrific merchant,” said Joshua Schulman, the chief executive of Coach.
Each stop would have a new pavilion, observation deck, bridge, restaurant, hotel or other structure, conceived by young emerging architects, and predominantly Norwegian ones, alongside installations by artists of note (like the French-American artist Louise Bourgeois’ evocative memorial for women and men burned as witches in the 1600s).
Since announcing plans to sell off the bulk of that business two years ago, G.E.
“I’m feeling hurt,” said Dorothy Bush, who also lives nearby.
The exact relationship between these right-wing loudmouths and the security services remains, as ever in Pakistan, murky.
As the militants began to rake the congregation with machine-gun fire, two boys, ages 10 and 15, cowered in a bathroom stall, listening, petrified, to the screaming and gunfire.
Those include Iraqi Shiite politicians close to the Popular Mobilization Forces, a paramilitary organization made up of dozens of militias recognized by the Iraqi state in 2014 as an auxiliary force to fight the Islamic State.
The director, Hugh Ross, adds a soupçon of farce to the percolating proceedings, keeping his busy cast on point.
Mr. Dalio has criticized coverage of his firm by The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal, complaining about what he has called “the fake and distorted news.” Here is a copy of a statement the firm provided to The Times in response to a series of questions.
Irma made landfall in Cuba on Friday evening as a Category 5 hurricane, lashing the island’s northern coast with a direct hit, before losing some of its force later.
Many doctors are carefully listening to and screening patients, calling in hospice, making sure the law works and trying to improve it.
“Not after today.” The party is unfurling proposals aimed squarely at voters who see a gap between President Trump’s populist message and the reality of his tenure.
Mr. Gilmore, a guitarist, navigates even the most tangled-up rhythms with a sympathetic and lyrical touch.
She takes her seat three rows behind the Montreal bench minutes before the opening face-off, her white hair a beacon noticeable from the last row of the packed arena, where her husband’s No.
The F.B.I.’s obsession with Mr. Kelley was reinforced because of a series of incredible similarities between his life and Mr. Hanssen’s.
All three companies charge hosts a commission.
As a result, what should have been Light’s incremental surrender to godlike power becomes an instantaneous embrace, and what ought to have played out as an extended manhunt is resolved with embarrassing ease.
The agency, created in 1974, released its analysis of the completed version of the health care law in March 2010.
In the House, by contrast, the majority can, without any consideration for the minority, decide what legislation comes to the floor, what amendments can be offered, the length of debate and when the vote will occur.
Cliff and Clair Huxtable ran an opposite sort of household, one that played Ray Charles records, and one where Christopher Plummer might stop by and perform Shakespeare from the living room sofa.
The point is that this is one policy area where “both sides get it wrong” — a claim I usually despise — turns out to be right.
“We’ve never tried in the past to go there,” he said.
“There’s a meme around tech companies and Silicon Valley, around issues having to do with gender equity in tech,” Ms. Naughton said.
• Scandal sinks dean at U.S.C.
High school students can get technical training and college credits through partnerships the school has with DeVry University, Rutgers, Hudson County Community College and the Culinary Institute of America.
The Allman Brothers Band, led by the guitarist Duane Allman and the keyboardist and vocalist Gregg Allman, helped define Southern rock, a style that incorporated elements of blues, country and jazz as well as rock.
I said I appreciated his suspicion of white hospitals, but we were in Portland, Ore., home of some of the best cancer centers in the country.
The anti-Semitism of the alt-right, the newest manifestation of bigotry that combines age-old hatred with internet-era technological savvy, biting wit and a self-conscious sense of irony, shows no more logical consistency than the anti-Semitism of the past.
But late on Thursday it appeared the situation could still be resolved without a fight.
That penalty, which required the Americans to drop behind the Kiwis, was far too much to overcome as Team New Zealand cruised to victory by 2 minutes 4 seconds, the most lopsided result of the series.
Some conservatives argued that the bipartisan bill would just prop up the health law.
“It’s all a kind of smoke and mirrors,” Mr. Alexander said.
Liberals see all that as both righteous and benevolent — we’re both promoting better values and willing to help train them to be more like us.
Maggie has contrived a humane, if shaky, solution for the prisoners of war by penning them in a makeshift prison area, but Gregory is out to undermine her authority yet again.
“You know your opponents much better,” he said.
But he said he would not sell his holdings.
“You know, it’s the best show in the world; it’s everybody’s goal and dream,” she said.
“Controversies over freedom of speech on college campuses have existed as long as there have been college campuses.
The operation was an endurance test for the surgeons.
It was the president’s first public appearance since The New York Times reported on Tuesday that Mr. Comey had written a memo in February in which he said the president had asked him to close an investigation into Michael T. Flynn, who had been pushed out the day before as Mr. Trump’s national security adviser.
Christopher Sharples, the squadron’s commodore, points to the Deed of Gift clause on “competition between nations.” “It does seem to us that the spirit of this requirement would be better served if the crew on each boat had a majority of nationals from the country that they were representing,” Sharples said last month.
The beer — wheaty, slightly hoppy and high in alcohol — pairs well with the gumbo, and the style is celebratory, for the arrival of spring.
but this weekend I went home to Arlington and found that my home state of Virginia was the site for a car attack at a school where some of my friends are going.
This will not go away anytime soon.
Last month, I noticed that our stories had stopped appearing on Facebook as usual.
The company buys cosmetically undesirable produce and sells it to retail chains: at the moment, the Midwest-based Hy-Vee and Meijer, and the New England-based Hannaford.
Here’s his classic recipe for roasted bone marrow and parsley salad , his gift to us.
“There is that angle that he used to have; he really had a loop in his swing and really couldn’t get the velocity.
The trampling by crowds in the hundreds of thousands was no longer sustainable when a manicured lawn had become the expectation; the cost of restoring Central Park’s greatest asset the morning after would be too much.
Another, less radical, proposal was to return the Final Four to a Friday-Sunday format, from Sunday-Tuesday.
From the navigation panel on the left, select “settings,” then “flash briefing,” then “get more flash briefing content.” Look for “The New York Times” and select “enable skill.” Now you can say, “Alexa, what’s my flash briefing?” and you will hear that day’s episode of “The Daily.” On Google Home: You can say, “O.K., Google, play New York Times news” to listen to that day’s episode of “The Daily.”
Irma’s effects coincided with high tide there, causing some of the worst flooding since Hurricane Hugo, which devastated the area in 1989.
“The food they brought you was administered as medicine, as elixir.” That’s the bit that I was reminded of by the high-vibration talk, and all that it promised.
Their search in Manhattan was brief.
The Department of Homeland Security assessment, first reported by The Associated Press, found that only a small number of people from the seven countries had been involved in terrorism-related activities in the United States since the Syrian civil war began in 2011.
“Some people need these trees to have a little bit of happiness in their life,” said Kristi Houseknecht, a store manager.
“Donald Trump is now totally dependent on congressional Republicans to avoid impeachment and therefore has no choice but to be a cheerleader for their policies and to sign whatever legislation they send him.” Starr continues: “This is exactly why at the Senate hearing where Comey made his devastating charges, Republicans pretended not to see the evidence of obstruction of justice.
Jim Ledbetter, Colson Whitehead, Lisa Jones.
The Interior Ministry did not respond to requests for comment.
As he left the brief gathering, Mr. Cadman said he was only catching up with Mr. Zinke, whom he has known for decades, on family-related matters.
But there is a third alternative: back to “Finland Station,” with all the lessons of the past.
Instead of attacking, the Syrian SU-22 zoomed away, and the Americans did not attack.
Belichick informed him two days before the game, and Silvestro said he was warned that he wouldn’t dress if the move leaked to the news media.
He graduated from Wesleyan University and received an M.B.A. from Columbia University.
Read more » _____ • George Lakoff in conversation with Daphne White in Berkeleyside : “It is a myth that the truth will set us free.” George Lakoff is a newly-retired professor of cognitive science and linguistics, which is perhaps why Democratic operatives didn’t listen to him when he predicted President Trump’s victory in 2016.
But would we have grown this close if we hadn’t experienced the medical emergency that pushed us into marriage?
His salary has doubled after 18 years and so has the college’s tuition, which now stands at $52,500.
“I’d like to present a different message: that women can be strong and dignified and gracious.” Valerie Schram, 53, came with her Baltimore church group.
Activists have also criticized the chief for a statement he made in a Sept. 7 interview with NH1, a statewide news network, when he said of the juvenile suspects: “These people need to be protected.” Chief Chase added: “Mistakes they make as a young child should not have to follow them for the rest of their life.” Angela Helm, writing in The Root , said the chief was more concerned about the perpetrators, “all but forgetting about the trauma of a little boy.” On social media, the story and images of the boy’s wounded neck set off a firestorm of demands for information and a speedier investigation.
Records show they aided the F.B.I., the Drug Enforcement Administration, even British intelligence.
Some come from countries that do not accept deportees from the United States, and so they cannot be sent back.
But he soon came to like the quiet surroundings, where there was little to distract him from his horticulture studies, and where there was already a group of Middle Eastern students and professors to make him feel welcome.
(By the time the pair eventually re-consummates, the rope’s come off).
“It’s an older industry,” said Dov Israeli of Precision Lock and Safe in Floral Park, N.Y. “They’re focused on price and less on what’s new.” A jeweler typically requires a certain level of protection to satisfy its insurance company.
At a side table, a beautiful young lady with matching purple scarf and hat looked at the old woman and said, simply, “Honey, please sit down with me, and tell me your story.” It’s possible, you see, for one person to save the world.
Neil R. Jordan of the University of New South Wales in Sydney, the senior author of the report, noticed that the successful rallies there seemed to have more sneezing.
What climate alarmists say is sometimes untrue and often exaggerated.
“It was all a con,” he said.
She is a daughter of Diana Kay Howard and Steven J. Pully of Dallas.
Now a pariah to pro-Europeans, Mr. Johnson undoubtedly sees that he needs to be popular among Brexit supporters if he is retain a chance of succeeding Mrs. May.
We hope you enjoy it, and that you will share it with those who would like to learn to solve.
If you can, pack mess kits, shelf-stable foods and snacks (like trail mix and energy bars) and paper cups.
I yelled a bit.” He met with them individually and added that he could not let them leave without saying a word.
According to the panel of experts, the deadly bacteria could have seeped into Neruda’s skeletal remains from the burial site or been derived from the decomposition process.
Facebook has already hit some bumps in its African push.
President Trump could have used his inaugural address to define one of the touchstone phrases of his campaign in the most inclusive way, arguing, as did many of his predecessors, that as the world’s greatest superpower rises, its partners will also prosper.
Devout supporters of the British exit from the European Union — known as Brexit — saw Ms. Merkel’s troubles as helping their cause — “the political weakness of the strongest E.U.
At 48, Mr. Wigdor has found himself as the courtroom general leading an army of Fox complainants largely because of his reputation as one of New York City’s most aggressive employment lawyers.
“How much does it weigh?” “You’re about to find out.” Hirota helped me into my robe, tying all the knots for me, instead of guiding me through.
When you think about it, a “big, fat juicy pork chop” is kind of an oxymoron.
After he sees Burton throw someone overboard, he tries to get the Frasier sex cult to find out if one of their members is missing.
He went on to help invent Pyrantel and Morantel, which are used to treat parasitic worm infections, and rose through the company’s executive ranks to become senior vice president for agricultural products research and development.
A month before his trial, Mr. Kim appeared at a government-arranged news conference in Pyongyang and apologized for trying to steal military secrets in collusion with South Koreans.
Mr. Kabila was elected president that year in Congo’s first free vote in four decades.
But there are many options that he’s discussed with his national security team that, should North Korea do anything irresponsible or reckless, that he has to choose from.”
A spark plug failure hit Vettel’s car in Japan, the next race, leaving him trailing by 59 points.
According to the report, Mr. Ball encouraged Mr. Todd to engage in spiritual exercises involving nudity and cold showers and he suggested Mr. Todd agree to be beaten while naked.
All the while, the CT6 stays centered in the left lane of I-94.
Those appeals are particularly poignant given Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi’s history as a political prisoner.
It’s a feature, not a bug, because the point of memory is to improve our ability to face the present and the future.
Third-ranked Ariya Jutanugarn will face her older sister Moriya in the second round.
Roya Soleimani and Andrew Charles Winner, who live in San Francisco, had planned their wedding for Oct. 15 at Chardonnay Golf Club in Napa County.
‘‘Students in those days were really studying the American Constitution as much as the Chinese one, and trying to think about ways of giving effect to the Constitution — to revitalize and breathe life into it.’’ A debate within the profession bubbled to the surface: Should lawyers operating in an illegal society follow the law?
Thank him for your great experience and tell him about your relocation plan.
Scott Tesser, his son-in-law, confirmed the death.
When the Twitter feed for the American Civil Liberties Union posted a question to Merriam-Webster asking if usage of the term “woah” was allowed, she replied , “We don’t include that as a variant, but we’re pretty sure you still have the right to say it.” On Tuesday, Ms. Naturale helped roll out 1,000 words Merriam-Webster is adding to its online dictionary (the words will make it into the print version eventually).
Its New York offices have for almost 40 years been a sort of crossroads for visiting chefs and high-end advertisers like Rolex.
Charles Mellison Jr., 77, a retired long-haul truck driver and registered Democrat in Miami, said he thought Mr. Trump’s comments were intended to “throw people off.” “He should be more respectful,” he added, as he sipped a cup of coffee.
I really haven’t thought much about when I’ll get them their own phones.
Minnesota officials said that fentanyl had not been seen on the local black market in appreciable numbers for some time.
This season, there have been no utter blowouts.
At times, it will be easier to give an inch than to stand firm.
The process of cleaning the whale takes two days, but much of that time is spent adjusting the cherry picker, which moves slowly and carefully.
Thousands of engineers had been deployed in Texas and Florida to reconnect homes to the electricity grid after hurricanes hit those states, a number far in excess of the crews deployed to Puerto Rico.
In Bogotá, Colombia, Marta Royo, who leads an organization called Profamilia, said she found the restrictions unacceptable.
The driver of the van, Caesar R. Goodson Jr., was acquitted of second-degree murder charges in June 2016.
The first double-digit seed has made it to the second weekend.
“Those folks that were sitting on the fence as it relates to supporting soccer now might be more inclined to do.” The St. Louis owners would include Paul Edgerley, a senior adviser at Bain Capital and a minority owner of the Boston Celtics; Terry Matlack, a managing director of Tortoise Capital; Jim Kavanaugh, owner of St. Louis’s team in the second-tier United Soccer League; and the former Anheuser-Busch president Dave Peacock.
All the housing she looked at, despite being listed as affordable, was more than her $900-a-month budget, she said.
“It really can suck a kid in,” said Brenda Peiffer, a former school counselor, whose son, a third grader, was assigned DreamBox for homework.
Daniel Barenboim has a thing that I think about when I think about this: This, of course, is identical to the opening.
He said he knew he should keep his distance, but they’re still in touch.
“And the way he operates, you don’t sue Trump, because you’ll be in court for years and years and years.” There is one historical parallel between Mr. Trump and Mr. Davies.
It was a process that he said was more deliberate than some thought.
(Insight is free for participants; hiring companies pay an undisclosed fee.)
The decade of the 1490s was a hinge in European history.
Just one season ago, it seemed the Mets were poised to overtake the Yankees as New York City’s baseball darling, its more winsome and winning team.
Logical policymaking of this sort doesn’t carry much water with the current Supreme Court when placed alongside a First Amendment that jumped the shark early in the tenure of Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. A 2011 decision, Sorrell v. IMS Health struck down a Vermont law that prohibited pharmacists from relaying prescription information to pharmaceutical companies; the companies wanted the information so they could pitch newer high-priced drugs to doctors who were prescribing older and cheaper ones.
The Board of Education had seven members; the mayor appointed two, and each of the five borough presidents appointed one.
Pop & Rock If you feel as if you don’t understand the appeal of the 20-year-old Atlanta musician Lil Yachty, don’t fret — you may be just a little too old for his proudly silly style of rapping and singing.
Larger ants break open the nest; smaller ants follow, rushing in to grab the prey.
But based on this visit, Mr. Trump’s right-wing pro-Israel supporters aren’t — or shouldn’t be — among them.
During four decades of Communist rule in Central and Eastern Europe, immigration was relatively low, and today, only about 20,000 of the Czech Republic’s 10.5 million inhabitants are Muslim.
Begin still makes a great misdirect (I last used him in 2001: “Begin, later in life” = PEACE NOBELIST), Mahatma means “Great soul,” the national bird of Trinidad and Tobago (Will’s clue), McDonald’s actually dishes out over 3 million Happy Meals a day, and decaf coffee dispensers often have orange lids because of the original decaf Sanka’s can color (though that didn’t make the final clue set).
As it went from 7-7, to 8-8 and 9-9, Müller’s serving was actually improving.
He pointed to the live shows he did during the political conventions as truly eye-opening.
Jonny Meadow, a radio historian, said in a telephone interview that Mr. Lavong called WWRL, drove to New York to audition and was installed as the new Dr. Jive.
You may know her as Viva, the sometime actress, model and artist who sprang to fame — or infamy — as a sylphlike muse to Andy Warhol in the late 1960s; the female lead in a roster of intentionally amateurish soft porn Warhol films that were showcased in TriBeCa recently in their 16-millimeter original.
Outside the ballroom, a team of about half a dozen public relations executives and security officials grew hostile, threatening to take us into a private room.
Let’s hope he’s keeping that copy of the Bill of Rights we left him on the refrigerator door, or we may have to boot him out.)
Unless you’re the type of person who is going to look at all the data, you’re probably better off ignoring anything you see about a single model run.
But his decision came with extra risk.
There are hundreds of reasons that a team might win a football game by, say, 10 or more points.
“Steve loves and passionately looks forward to that Congressional Baseball Game ,” said Jason Hebert, a Republican political consultant who has worked with Mr. Scalise for years.
It also ended state funding for capital work.
The expansion reflects the C.I.A.’s assertive role under its new director, Mike Pompeo , to combat insurgents around the world.
True, he notes, libraries also deal in books, but “the Bookshop is light; the Library is heavy.” “While the Librarian accumulates, hoards, at most lends goods out for a short while,” he explains, “the Bookseller acquires in order to free himself from what he has acquired; he sells and buys, puts into circulation.
He said that before Ms. Parker’s death, he had not had political aspirations.
personnel moves as in movies, sequels are rarely as good as the original, but two years ago, the Jets did not care.
Begun in August, the program has so far involved 38 asylum recipients.
Japan’s Institute of Cetacean Research, which carries out the whaling operations, says on its website that Sea Shepherd’s actions in the South Ocean amount to “terrorism and threaten human life at sea.” The institute said Sea Shepherd methods included “illegal boarding and ramming of research vessels” and “increasingly dangerous and violent sabotage methods which include entangling devices (propeller foulers), throwing and shooting of chemical-containing projectiles, smoke bombs and incendiary devices.” Videos recorded by Sea Shepherd show Japanese vessels ramming its ships.
But as investors celebrated yet another bounce-back from a market slip, Christopher Cole, a trader who runs a hedge fund here that makes bets on various forms of financial apocalypse, spotted something amid the sprawl of data and code that decorated the wall of screens before him.
Teachout was the favorite of the local progressives who held sway in the primary.
I made that trade-off; I did that.
This is his version of happiness.
Weight, physical activity and diet also play a role in heart disease, though they aren’t usually included in heart risk calculators that you find online and that physicians utilize to assess risk, from groups like the American College of Cardiology.
Rhode Island’s efforts started almost a decade ago.
Temple representatives said that the bodies and parts did not prove wrongdoing.
How long will it be until the dreams of every college student and overworked parent come true — and laundry can fold itself?
Despite all the declines, one age group showed no interest in slowing down: people over 70.
Ms. Louise suggests being part of the solution by considering the outskirts of a popular destination instead of city centers and the like — a way to save both money and hassle.
“You’ve got the symbolism of what is a very close alliance relationship between us and the U.S. in the Pacific,” Mr. Jennings said.
We must argue our positions fervently and never be afraid to compromise.” In the telephone interview, Mr. Flake spoke of his deep involvement with his church, of serving as a missionary in South Africa and Zimbabwe in the 1980s, and of rarely missing a Sunday service with his family in Mesa, Ariz., over his 17 years in Congress.
So it was Ken McDonald who became Jiggs McDonald instead, though he avoided using the name professionally after he went into broadcasting upon graduating from high school in 1956.
Smith was a competent 21-for-34 for 212 yards in his debut as starter Sunday.
In the first year, it will be about $370.
And then, on Saturday, you could cook Pete Wells’s recipe for Korean grilled beef lettuce wraps .
She graduated from the University of Virginia, from which she also received a law degree.
Those changes have rattled faithful viewers, who’ve come to think of the “Bake Off” as an oasis of civility in an angry age.
Other industries also forbid franchisees from hiring one another’s workers.
The importance of Alaska as a military pivot point started in World War II, when the Aleutian Islands were invaded by Japan.
But Mayfield’s antics never seemed to overwhelm his stellar play, which was so crucial to the Sooners’ explosive offense, particularly as Oklahoma established itself as one of the country’s best teams.
For the good of our country, we must make every effort to push it back into the shadows where it belongs.
“I was comfortable with him closing the game around three innings, but he did it with four,” Hinch said, adding that he knew he had reinforcements if needed.
The marriage ended in divorce.
“It would strip out needed protections for the streams that feed drinking water sources for one in every three Americans.
That “skinny” bill could then be a basis for negotiations with the House.
“They have done plenty already that they should be responding to,” Senator Robert Menendez, Democrat of New Jersey, shot back.
For President Trump, the answer is obviously “yes.” Mr. Trump seems to hate oppressive regimes that convert private property into public goods for the benefit of the people, but he loves oppressive regimes that convert public goods into private property for the benefit of a few rich friends.
Johnson’s history illustrates the inherent flaw in the tour’s policy.
10 line, indicating that had it not won its tournament, it might not have qualified at all.
Mrs. May thought she had broken the deadlock in September with a speech in Florence, Italy , in which she took some risks with her party by promising to pay around 20 billion euros, or about $23.5 billon, in 2019 and 2020.
Among other things, he is promising $2 billion of cost savings.
We’ve seen how he’s lived — he’s begun to heal and make new connections.
But nothing we’ve seen so far inspires optimism.
Russia is now tied for the most gold medals with Norway, formerly the second-place finisher.
It’s a totally different experience when you live somewhere as a full-fledged adult and the city has grown so much.
But, needing a win, the president grew skeptical and authorized Mr. Pence to resume health care talks, with Mr. Bannon playing more of a supporting role, according to three people close to Mr. Trump.
The clash is the latest development in a nomination process that has become politically poisonous in recent years, scarred by regular filibusters, two “nuclear” explosions altering the rules and a refusal even to consider a Supreme Court nominee.
After firing Mr. Comey, Mr. Trump thought he’d cow him by tweeting about the possibility that their private conversations were taped.
Lack told staff members that NBC would “invest in European journalism, strengthening the depth and pace of its reporting.” NBC will spend $30 million for its stake in the network, according to the person briefed on the plan.
They even lost in states that were considered overwhelmingly pro-opposition.
The results, released on Friday, are a disaster for the far-right, anti-immigrant U.K.
“I am going to throw acid on the face of Naseer,” she said, “to teach him how bad it was, what he has done to us and what I have had to suffer.” Gul Meena was recently resettled in the Swedish village of Duved, population 600, seven of them refugees.
They just needed one particular person inside the building to listen.
The Trump administration may see Mr. Sisi as an ideal partner in fighting the Islamic State and other extremists.
President Steve Mills pledged that Perry would have the leeway to bring other people into the front office to work alongside him.
Despite fierce demand for Kilamba’s apartments, many of the units are thought to have gone to ruling party supporters despite Mr. dos Santos’s campaign talk of social housing.
Subway delays rose to more than 78,500 in March, up 14 percent from a year earlier, and some lines have an on-time rate of under 40 percent.
As per the finale’s title, “Latching,” he attaches to Hannah’s breast.
He had arrived that morning at 11:30 by bicycle from his apartment in North Riverdale, the Bronx, to find the entire collection — a week’s effort — pulled down.
• Sheryl Gay Stolberg, domestic affairs correspondent, on the long friendship of Mr. McCain and Senator Lindsey Graham, whose name is on the bill.
A spokesman for the brand said several of its licensees wholesale products in China.
In the end, even Mr. Obama seemed a bit exhausted by the talk; he reminded Mr. Kass, to applause, that “I have to go home and have dinner with my family.”
$80 from Mon Purse, us.monpurse.com This zippered travel jewelry case , made of vegan material (for the vegetarians in the party), is lined in soft linen and holds earrings, necklaces and bracelets.
Today, however, a new group of entrepreneurs is building on Idaho’s tradition of homespun growth.
In 2015, Google’s photo app mistook a black software developer for a gorilla in photos he uploaded.
American firepower destroyed homes, villages and crops and alienated those whose hearts and minds were to be won.
J.P. Another season, another Tinashe song floated into the ether, looking for a home.
IRA BELSKY, FRANKLIN LAKES, N.J. To the Editor: Re “ ‘Lock Her Up’ Becomes More Than a Slogan ” (news analysis, front page, Nov. 15): More than the “banana republic” politics of retribution are at play in President Trump’s demands for a special counsel to investigate Hillary Clinton’s supposed crimes.
To the Editor: Re “ Amazon to Buy Whole Foods for $13 Billion ” (front page, June 17): As I read the article, I had memories of my parents going to the local grocer down the street to buy the food we would be eating that night.
Short black skirts were given a soupçon of fluidity in the form of a pleated silk insert dipping down and fanning out on one side.
I was called an elitist, a bubble-dweller who (apparently) spent my days snickering at rubes in flyover country.
In another, she asked Mr. Trump to meet with her sister.
Three eight-episode seasons may be enough for “ Broadchurch ,” as Mr. Chibnall heads off to become the showrunner of “ Doctor Who ,” but we could have used more Hardy and Miller.
We’re all designed to carry the burdens of others fairly easily, and it’s something we all avoid at all costs, and it’s really kind of tragic.
“In the Netherlands, you get a ball and start kicking it around.” The surplus of talent has created a nice quandary for Meulens.
ASHE There’s less of an opportunity for collaboration.
That led us down a path of actual conversation about the matter, how exciting that night had been for both of us and how unhappy both of us were with the state of our sexual relationship.
“Most of these people don’t want to get off the streets.
It was these pieces, notably “ Set and Reset ,” that brought her a new kind of worldwide prestige.
Pregame: Police officers and firefighters form a tunnel of honor for the players taking the field at each game.
Some of Mr. Fillon’s supporters who had dropped out of his campaign or expressed doubts about his chances have since returned to the fold, including the Union of Democrats and Independents, a centrist party.
“Anne With an E” was filmed briefly on P.E.I.
Above, the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur.
“But some people will say that’s part of the problem.” Hypatia , named for a female ancient Greek philosopher and mathematician who was murdered by a mob of Christian zealots, was founded in 1986 as a home for feminist scholarship that was often dismissed by the philosophical mainstream.
Federal law enforcement officials did not definitively link the threats, but the episodes rattled nerves, and raised deep concern and little doubt that the phone calls had been orchestrated.
Our city and state leaders say that New York, long at the vanguard of environmental issues in the United States, will continue its support of the Paris climate accord.
To those like James Adakai, whose Navajo ancestors lived and hunted here for generations, Mr. Obama’s designation was a victory, a validation of native voices amid a surge of indigenous activism that included the Standing Rock Sioux’s protest of an oil pipeline near their reservation.
At this pivotal time, we need those in power to stand up for what is right and honorable especially for those in need.
We have been encouraged to speak up for ourselves, to make UMD a safe space for everyone.
The Yankees started Bryan Mitchell.
He recalled his underlying trauma — stories of the Holocaust that he heard from his parents’ friends, all survivors, when he was a child in Paris.
“It’s heartbreaking to admit that,” he said.
the Extra-Terrestrial,” “Schindler’s List”: The greatest films of Steven Spielberg are known by all.
The government has long controlled and subsidized gasoline prices, but by the end of the year it will allow gas prices to fluctuate according to the market, a move intended to attract foreign investment to compete with the state oil company, Pemex.
(APPLAUSE) Another Republican president, Dwight D. Eisenhower, initiated the last truly great national infrastructure program: the building of the interstate highway system.
( NYT ) • Boeing is seeking to buy the Brazilian aircraft maker Embraer to try to gain a bigger foothold in the regional jet market — but is awaiting the blessing of Brazil’s government.
Chad Green began warming up when Garcia allowed two singles to start the fifth and Robertson quickly got ready to go into the game after Ehire Adrianza led off the sixth by lining out hard to Brett Gardner in left.
• All 150 seats in the lower (and more powerful) house of Parliament are up for grabs.
“I produce a road map for the modern world,” he told The Economist in 2010.
“I’m really fired up for the guys up front,” Carroll said.
Now that political outrage is being channeled into legislation.
But the most important thing I have on is my bee ring from Sangre de mi Sangre, which means a lot to me because the bees are dying, and if the bees die, we die.
Bayern prides itself on being not a team but a club in the truest sense of the word, a Bavarian civic institution.
President Trump can try to reduce us to “the blacks” who are all relegated to life in the “inner cities,” which “are a disaster education-wise, job-wise, safety-wise, in every way possible,” but I suspect that’s because he knows he has already lost control of the narrative.
But they’re all on the same team, bound not by race, religion, tribe or sect, but by a simple Air Force credo: “Integrity first; service before self; excellence in all we do.” For a moment you wonder, How crazy is it that you have to come to Qatar, Kuwait, Kabul and Kandahar to see the best of America and America at its best?
“The size of the market doesn’t really matter anymore,” Dustin Godsey, the Milwaukee Bucks’ chief marketing officer, told me, referring to a team’s location.
It’s called disruption at any cost.
Wheaton College faced controversy last year after it put Larycia Hawkins , a tenured associate professor of political science, on administrative leave after she wrote on Facebook that Christians and Muslims “are people of the book” who “worship the same God.” The college defended itself against criticism that its actions violated academic freedom or displayed anti-Muslim sentiment.
Predatory online pricing, not “online shopping,” is the primary source of this problem, as retail stores cannot afford to sell goods at cost or below.
After sitting on a stalled train for at least 30 minutes, Ms. Donato walked to another line only to find it was also delayed.
Children can even take animals home in the form of paper puppets and scenes, which they’ll create from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. with the artist Yeon Jin Kim .
I wrote this puzzle the day after I saw MOONLIGHT , which instantly became one of my favorite movies.
It will need to predict how many states would want to use the waivers allowed under the bill, and what they would choose to do with them.
Still, the European radical right is in a better situation than it once was in terms of its international standing.
“The jobs data is a compelling argument in favor of the tax credits,” Mr. Hughes said.
Most are made from oil, a nonrenewable resource.
And from there, the story began to take shape: It wasn’t so much about job training, but about what it looks like when Walmart becomes the equivalent of the new factory in a ruined factory town.
There is something particularly insidious about being victimized by a man who claims to be righteous.
This might look like business as usual at the top end of the commercial art world.
But despite her exemplary range, many American viewers maintain an image of her as an aloof, exquisite, possibly imperious, possibly enigmatic beauty.
Thomas Bach, president of the International Olympic Committee, said in an interview with The New York Times on Tuesday that he was unaware the Paralympic Committee was requiring Russia to be cleared by antidoping regulators, and he suggested he saw no problem with allowing the nation to compete even as it is deemed uncooperative by the global watchdog.
Beneath a modest headstone at Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn, the artist Jean-Michel Basquiat continues to draw crowds.
“Sometimes you are going to upset people.” The post that offended Ms. Willis was part of that effort.
Mr. Kluger has said in interviews that at Loring Place he is bringing back some of the tricks he picked up before he learned his ABC’s, while he was working under Floyd Cardoz and Tom Colicchio .
He was the recipient of prestigious civilian awards given by India in 1976 and earlier this year.
“I am deeply sorry to the people I hurt,” Mr. Oreskes said in a statement last week.
Were we wrong to open the windows?
It’s about doing more with the people we’ve got.”
Ever since the Big Bang, we have seen the emergence of matter, then life, then conscious life — and then, most notably, in Haught’s estimation, the human consciousness of “interior striving” that finds its zenith in our “spiritual adventures.” Who knows what advances in religion the next stage of the universe’s evolution will bring?
If we rarely see a spat, we learn to shy away from the threat of conflict.
With the show sold out nonstop, the average ticket price hit $321.13, reflecting a premium pricing model that producers have started to employ across the industry .
Weeks earlier, an attack on another mosque in the western city of Herat killed scores.
“Yes, this is reflective of the birth of the internet, but it’s also about the food and restaurant culture becoming a central part of popular culture.”
“No evidence of vandalism,” the police said in a statement.
But her new album, “Utopia,” prizes airiness: the breath that powers voices and flutes; the atmosphere where birds fly; structures and tempos that change freely rather than being locked to a beat.
Mr. Cohen was prepared to tell the committee’s investigators that the president’s critics were using rumors and innuendo about Russian interference in the election in an attempt to undercut Mr. Trump’s presidency.
If you like the song, you get up and dance.” GIA KOURLAS “When I was little, I skated at birthday parties and stuff, and then maybe four or five years ago, I went skating with my friends, and I was like, this is the highest high I’ve ever felt.
A few years later, the Steinhart Aquarium in San Francisco donated 12 of its old tank exhibits to the project.
• Just 39.4 percent of respondents said they believe bitcoin was in a bubble.
They used to stage their invasion on the cusp of Halloween.
“Management always seeks to maximize profit,’’ Mr. Cuomo told the crowd, according to Politico .
“He’ll feel it one pitch every once in a while, but when he came off, he said he was feeling it every pitch, and that’s why I pulled him,” Girardi said.
That’s a long trek, and seeing your byline on a New York Times crossword is a thrill.
Swiss Re said it expected 2017 to be one of the costliest years — if not the most costly — for natural disasters, and that was before raging fires hit Southern California, scorching more than 158,000 acres across four counties so far.
The experiment was just an exercise in science — the embryos were not allowed to develop for more than a few days and were never intended to be implanted into a womb, according to MIT Technology Review, which first reported the news.
“I’m not coming all the way to Australia for kicks and giggles.
“But now I took a closer look, only to recognize how stunningly beautiful and astute she was.” Ms. Liverpool, who had also remembered Mr. Norman from their previous encounter, also liked what she saw.
The groom’s mother was a reading teacher at the California Avenue School in Uniondale, N.Y. His father, who is retired, was a cabinetmaker in Bridgeport, Conn.
Since then, she has written two books: a 2014 children’s book, with Jessica Herthel, and a memoir, released last year.
Supermodels are not on their radar.
We’ve also highlighted a few of our favorites so far: • Expect steep discounts on the Amazon Echo , a voice-controlled smart home speaker that can answer questions and play music to control all of your internet-connected devices.
No one would object to a doctor’s providing comfort — spiritual or narcotic — to a terminally ill patient at the hour of death.
In November, New World Records released a 70-minute Eastman solo-piano improvisation from 1980.
I like lots of different kinds of photography.
But politicians will never truly give it up: Special tax treatment is a crucial way for them to maintain, and disguise, their power.
Meet Fiona, a baby hippo — and social media star — at Cincinnati Zoo.
In that race, the Yankees held a two-and-a-half-game lead over the Los Angeles Angels and the Minnesota Twins before Monday.
That condition differs from the damage that occurs during a stroke, when a single blood vessel is blocked, said Dr. Lee H. Schwamm, executive vice chairman of neurology at Massachusetts General Hospital.
They seem to think I would be a great daughter-in-law.
The city’s public safety director wore a life jacket.
Wenger stood in its eye, unfazed, unflustered and unmoved.
My niece is a fine art photographer, and she mixed white oil paint, and then Mike and I fought about how wide [to make the slash].
There’s no margin for me when others have so much leeway.
Daily Gendai, one of Japan’s leading tabloid newspapers, declared in a front-page headline that “Trump tries to smash Toyota,” and another tabloid, Evening Fuji, hinted at a coming battle with its headline, “Trump vs. Toyota.” Throughout his presidential campaign, Mr. Trump said he would punish American companies that moved manufacturing plants offshore.
Why would I ever want to buy a GPS unit?
Piaget in the late 1960s was among the first to produce dials decorated with opaque semiprecious stones, fitting thinly sliced turquoise, lapis lazuli, malachite and opal on top of its watch movements and under the sapphire glass.
Now the league, already wobbling under the strain of presidential and public aggravation over players’ kneeling during the national anthem, is coping with what amounts to an all-out war between one of its most powerful owners and its commissioner, Roger Goodell, who has been rewarded for the N.F.L.’s success with annual compensation that has topped $40 million.
All of this is affirmed by a deep social consensus and underwritten by stupendous oil wealth.
Initially, Mr. Gurley and Mr. Kalanick appeared closely linked .
He said his wife, Melania, was seated next to Mr. Putin at the other end of a table filled with world leaders.
And it was never even touched.
In a sport in which competitors work tirelessly to improve their times by a few seconds, that is a big effect.
BALANCING ACTS Behind the Scenes at London’s National Theatre By Nicholas Hytner 312 pp.
This “sore loser” rule was adopted by the party in 1994.
Cup final as “bigger than the buildup to the European Cup final the year before.” Even to a group of players who might have grown fat on success — Liverpool had won nine titles in the previous 14 years — the Double carried a particular resonance.
• An Atlanta record label is working to build sustainable careers , not viral moments, in the streaming era for hip-hop artists.
He and his colleagues, including Jonah Rosenthal, a scout with the Dodgers, then went on social media and called college coaches and anyone else who might confirm a player’s religious background.
Iwan said local newspapers often use headline puns playing on timepiece imagery.
And the hundreds of varieties that have been found in recent years are stunning in their diversity and the window they open into the tastes and habits of the past.
[ Opinion | The New York Times ] (Please note: We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers.)
Ms. Smith contributes writings that are more abstract and poetic.
In 1967, Ms. Halprin’s seminal work “Parades and Changes” was performed at Hunter College and subsequently banned for its nudity.
Created the most corrupt administration in the history of our government.
“But behind all this there is something good, a better life.” She takes solace, she said, in a saying her mother repeats often: “There is always calm after a storm.” In South Los Angeles, there is calm, an uneasy one given the ever-present threat of gun violence and rumors of immigration roundups and raids.
“To the extent the new administration prioritizes the creation of valuable, innovative high tech and manufacturing jobs, Tesla stands at the epicenter of that.” — Adam Jonas, a prominent automotive analyst at Morgan Stanley.
was not set up to deal with a major investigation like this,’’ Richard Marquise, an F.B.I.
(The Patriots are near besotted in their love of our hyperbolic president; their owner, Robert K. Kraft, showered $1 million on Trump’s inaugural, and Bill Belichick wrote a letter endorsing him last fall).
These were clients who had gone through Hurricane Katrina 12 years ago, and she was picking up the signals of a localized form of post-traumatic stress syndrome — or, as she calls it, “Katrina brain.” It is a condition, she said, that ramps up each June with the return of hurricane season and spikes with the anniversary of Katrina on Aug. 29.
Now he has helped orchestrate a series of events that should elevate it further.
The authorities blame him for the failed coup in July, since which about 45,000 people have been arrested.
“We can draw a line from content that proliferates on the platform to what is extracted and monetized, made into revenue flow from advertising,” she said.
It’s difficult to overstate the impact that the Moral Monday movement has had on North Carolina.
What questions do you have about President Trump’s new laws for immigrants wishing to come to the United States, and for those already in the country?
The North Korean authorities say Ms. Taguchi died in a car accident in 1986.
• Americans all come from somewhere, and those traditions play out on the Thanksgiving table .
Whom would you want to write your life story?
Bernard D. Cole, an adjunct professor at Georgetown University and professor emeritus at the National War College.
It also established her as a favorite at Wimbledon, which is set to begin July 3 without the defending women’s singles champion, Serena Williams, who is pregnant with her first child.
“He was hunched over,” he said.
The following year, he married Constance Hadley, shortly after she graduated from Michigan State.
“The few things he did say were very acerbic.” She had just returned from Ireland, and gave him a bottle of expensive whiskey.
If an organization lies once, then their authority should be questioned.
I was curious whether a company that profited from online breaches could recover from its own.
I’m going to operate within the boundaries of what is strictly legal, and I’m going to push those boundaries if I can.’” Not just push.
For many years, Americans were able to look at Russia and its social and political problems and see a country stuck in the past, perhaps someday to develop into a modern country like the United States.
Was it Hereros who killed the German settlers?
Bemidji State leads Division I in scoring defense at 1.79 goals allowed per game, and penalty killing at 90 percent.
The secretary didn’t help his cause at State by dismissing several senior career foreign service officers without ready replacements.
When their pay is calculated on an hourly basis, they are still paid less than men for the hours they work, Ms. Goldin has shown in previous work .
Phosphorus levels have declined considerably — a total of about 70 percent between 1998 and 2015 — but the largest reductions took place before Mr. Pruitt became attorney general, as wastewater treatment plants have been upgraded and more poultry farmers have shipped chicken waste for proper disposal.
He returned inside four times to search but periodically went to vomit outside, where he was shot at again, Mr. Wickland said.
Though the Coroners Service for the Manchester South District said on Monday that the cause was still under investigation, the family said it was suicide.
About 200 babies are born every year in France with a medical condition of sex development disorder, or one in 4,000 births, according to a 2017 parliamentary report .
Yet last week, Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater proved that there’s a place for both.
Raf Simons’s ode to the American nightmare at Calvin Klein aside, it’s possible the most political act of the last week has been the notable diversity on pretty much every runway; an implicit statement of belief in the value of embracing a wide variety of races, shapes and ages visible not just at those brands famous for their multi-everything casting (such as Chromat, Tracy Reese and Zero & Maria Cornejo) but across the board.
His father took up soccer in his late 40s and had to have surgery at 50 when he tore the A.C.L.
“It’s good for me to forget a little.” In 2013, the Filipino community in Israel came under an unexpected spotlight when Rose Fostanes, a 46-year-old Filipino caregiver, auditioned for the Israeli version of the singing competition “The X Factor.” A short video clip aired before Fostanes’s performance, mentioning that she lived in South Tel Aviv with three other caregivers: “I love my job because I like to take care of old people,” Fostanes said.
Which, if you have to have a cancer, turns out to be a relatively good one to have.
The blockading nations — Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain — insist that Qatar is using an open-door policy to destabilize its neighbors.
“Facebook is not supposed to be an element of a propaganda war.
Their range stretches from the stunted pine trees of the north, past the swaying palm trees of Florida, and into Central and South America, where the birds hunt amid rain forest ferns and orchids.
“But I wanted to do quality projects, cool things that made me excited, and I didn’t care if I only had one line.
This oversupply of men is harming women and girls.
Above, Mr. Tillerson with Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi.
The itinerary, however, is up to you.
Guilty feet have got no rhythm, and all of that.
Where should engaged couples and newlyweds avoid?
In February, Ms. Franklin, Chicken’s mother, showed up for one of her games.
Marth remembers the period when the league’s profile became a source of crisis as much as strength.
It made selfies a thing.
It’s the classic ounce-of-prevention approach — improve teaching in high school, so students won’t have to take remedial math in college.
Ryan Seacrest, Alicia Silverstone and Gwyneth Paltrow were also spotted — a reminder of how sprawling the marketing world now is.
Your mind will turn to Alabama anyway.
After he was interviewed by Jim Cramer, the host of the financial TV show “Mad Money,” in May, Dara posted on Twitter : “didn’t screw it up (according to mom).”
Wright, 34, has not appeared in a game since May 27 of last year.
“The presidential pardon granted to Alberto Fujimori on politically motivated grounds undermines the work of the Peruvian judiciary and the international community to achieve justice,” the experts said in a statement released by the office of the United Nations high commissioner for human rights .
The plant also features a “Manatee Viewing Center” that The Tampa Bay Times said is a popular stop among tourists who can see the station’s towering stacks from almost anywhere in the city.
Since the discovery, archaeological study of the earthworks and other evidence has challenged the notion that the rain forests of the Amazon were untouched by human hands before the arrival of European explorers in the 15th century.
The first thing I usually do when I get a new iPhone is run a benchmark app to get a sense of the kind of power I’m dealing with.
I AM LOVE (2010) on iTunes and Netflix .
The 26-unit building was not regarded by city inspectors as problematic; in a statement, the Department of Housing Preservation and Development described it as having a “relatively low history of repair violations.” At the time of the fire, the building had six open violations, a level that did not appear to alarm officials.
When he heard that, Trump said, ‘Oh my God, do I have any golf courses there?’” — JIMMY FALLON “Following President Trump’s threats of ‘fire and fury’ against North Korea, Senator John McCain has recommended that the president instead walk softly, but carry a big stick.
You must wear it like she wears disappointment on her face.
Behind the chaos, he once more reveals a central will to destroy.
The rice has the intense flavor of fresh chicken broth enhanced with a judicious touch of chicken fat.
He qualified that with “some,” and did nothing, for instance, to take back his own encouragement of challengers to Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona, one of his fiercest Republican critics.
The narrator of “Black Moses” is among the most heartbreaking of Mabanckou’s creations.
There are gifts aplenty, but not for the 300 children who attend this Catholic school in Hunts Point where she is principal (and where I attended first grade).
By Francine Prose Jane Mayer’s “Dark Money” explores the roots of the intense class divisions and gross inequalities that beset us.
My mother arranged an introduction to two girls my age, a plan I accepted without hope or expectation.
Standing in her home, mold already visible on the walls, she began to cry.
“As we look at candidates across the country, you need to make sure you have candidates that fit the district, that can win in these districts across America.” Senator Bernie Sanders, independent of Vermont, expressed a similar sentiment in April, after he was criticized for supporting the anti-abortion Democrat Heath Mello in a local Nebraska race: “We have got to appreciate where people come from and do our best to fight for the pro-choice agenda,” Sanders told NPR .
“My colleagues love them and love recommending them,” said Christopher Kisicki, a cycling associate at the flagship store in Seattle of REI, the sporting goods retailer.
• Sam is having a different experience at the Citadel from what he probably imagined in his maester dreams.
“This is routine,” Ms. Stein told CNN of what was then a presumption that Russia had hacked the D.N.C.
On the bus, I spent a long time staring at the photo she posted of the dish on Instagram: The prunes were black and glossy.
At one point, he offered to donate up to $5 million to veterans groups if Mr. Trump would release a copy of his tax returns.
She says she won’t marry him, though — not unless he lets her live alone with his daughter for three years before the wedding.
“Whether it’s a full moon crossing a nocturnal sky, and those reflections are multiplied by a thousand inside the sculpture, or whether it’s the rising sun projecting beams of light through it, ‘Mirage’ is constantly in flux.”
A summer with no sea ice coverage could occur as early as 2030, one scientist said.
If we didn’t get it right the first time, there was always a second or even a third attempt.
But it was the formal complaint on Monday that prompted NBC to take action.
“We are waiting to see what the government decides,” said Muhammad Akhtar, a migrant from Bihar who has worked in the meat factories for 20 years, earning around 10,000 rupees, about $150, in a good month.
In the bottom half of the inning, Gsellman was out of the game.
Before heading to Beijing as President Trump’s ambassador to China, Governor Branstad wants to push a state budget that includes up to $29.5 million in cuts to Iowa’s three state universities, not including additional cuts to community colleges, which could force public educational institutions across Iowa to increase tuition and reduce research budgets, salaries and scholarships.
At a co-worker’s urging, she also began therapy last June, finally confronting the troubles from her past that she had long ignored.
“Fairy circles” in parts of Namibia have baffled scientists for years.
[ South China Morning Post ] • Mao Asada, the 26-year-old Japanese figure skater and three-time world champion, announced her retirement from competitive skating.
I urge them to secure not just consent, but enthusiastic agreement.
They met at Caffé Nero in Jamaica Plain, where she sat at a table with two or three study prep books.
But at Mills, you hold the Darius Milhaud Chair in Composition .
Critics’ corner • Michael Wolff asserts of the deal, “Even when directly told that the White House didn’t like it, and that senior Trump officials were saying it was going down, AT&T put its fingers in its collective ears.” ( Hollywood Reporter ) • Matt Stoller of the Open Markets Institute writes, “Both Democrats and Republicans have to be careful not to open the door to an equally dangerous prospect — of dangerous monopolists wielding flimsy or even untrue political threats to justify their concentrations of power.” ( WaPo ) Multiple factors have shifted after the Senate included a repeal of the individual insurance mandate in the latest version of its tax bill.
• U.S. stocks were mixed on Wednesday.
Inside, the entrance hall has a stone floor that transitions to hardwood in the main living areas.
The beach was piled with kayaks and paddleboards.
It is a time-honored tradition for many New Yorkers: eating on the subway.
Some critics warned that the treatment of Mr. Liu has marred China’s international reputation and tarnished the legacy of President Xi Jinping, who has taken a hard line against dissidents.
Politics is why we are here.
I’ve taught myself a lot of moves.
Just four months after he sent in his obituary to The Times, he re-emerged — at a news conference in Brooklyn, which went unnoticed by The Times.
Don listened, out of politeness, and realized it wasn’t .
Video from the sold-out concert, which was held on April 30, shows Mr. Scott encouraging fans on the second-floor balcony to jump into the crowd below.
It was harder to document, to explain and ultimately to prove, but, she argues, just as damaging.
They want the capacity to meet the needs of all their citizens.
It was the 17th triple-double of his career and his fourth career 50-point game.
“It is very difficult to read some articles claiming we are just a bunch of bloodthirsty creeps,” she said.
If it does, Congress will feel pressure to undo some of Trump’s mischief, much as some members felt intense pressure to vote against repeal.
Still, that physical play seemed to set the tone for the Lynx, who were a different team from the one that lost by 75-64 two days earlier.
“I don’t post often, so I like it to be meaningful,” she said.
(The Trump administration ended that so-called protected status for Haitians in November.)
“This was a big surprise,” said Mr. Hindy, who said he preferred to stay in Williamsburg because “people know we’re here.” The company brews many of its products at the Brooklyn site and invites visitors to tastings and tours on the weekends.
The “10 a.m.” policy that the Forest Service instituted in the 1930s required that every natural wildfire be contained and controlled by the morning after it was reported.
“There is no people that has given more to humanity than Germany.
Whether or not Punxsutawney Phil sees a shadow today in Pennsylvania, the vernal equinox is less than seven weeks away.
One guy told me the other day: “Ice, you’re very lucky, because you’ve been able to see it from the poor man and the better-off man, and that’s a view very few people get to see.” Also, let’s be real, when I came out, there was no internet.
The small, triangle-shaped tract, hemmed in on one side by an abandoned rail spur, does not look particularly active; the federal plan described it as occupied by, among other things, a “dilapidated warehouse.” But for business owners like Mr. Rodriguez, who have turned the block into a one-stop shop for automotive needs — it also houses a tire shop, a motorcycle repair shop and another auto repair shop — the proposed plan threatens to uproot well-established livelihoods.
to sever the main support beam of a house to make room for an entertainment center’s electrical cables, an unfortunate modification that Blaise Ingrisano , a home inspector on Long Island, once uncovered.
The challenge, though, is inspiring — and necessary in order to stay, or become, right.
After several hours of hiking, the grandson of Somosomo’s chief, Viliame Mudu, spied a small cluster of flowers halfway up a tree.
And according to the formula employed by Baseball Reference , his 4.6 wins above replacement were second on the Yankees only to Judge’s 7.8.
There is also far too little space.
And on Wednesday she picked up the endorsement of the comedian Joe Piscopo, who had been publicly flirting with a run for governor, but decided against it and instead endorsed Ms. Guadagno.
This is something different, a community you can join before you have founded a company or even when you have little interest in founding one.
More and more, these bug detectives find themselves serving as “accidental specialists” treating people with a rare mental disorder called delusional parasitosis, the belief that you’re covered in bugs that aren’t really there.
On Friday, Huntsman and Clariant said they remained convinced that the proposed deal was “in the long-term best interests of all of our shareholders” but opted to avoid the continued costs and disruption in trying to push the deal forward.
draft pick was a highly skilled, athletic goalie who had a bad work ethic and a worse attitude — but when he scouts goalies he tends to look for character first and is willing to overlook physical shortcomings.
LOVE BEATS RHYMES An aspiring rapper (Azealia Banks) takes in the scene at poetry slams and rap clubs as she works to find her artistic groove.
“That’ll be really cool,” Thompson said of playing with his three teammates in the N.B.A.’s midseason showcase.
“The investigators preyed upon gay soldiers’ vulnerability like a cat playing with a mouse.” Mr.
And in December 2016, the travel site Expedia.com had a 12 percent increase in package bookings to Orlando compared with December 2015.
And the National Republican Congressional Committee last week began airing a commercial that accuses Mr. Thompson of supporting abortion for gender selection, a charge he denies and chalks up to desperation on the part of his opponent.
When Chopin, who was chronically ill throughout most of his adult life, died at age 39, his body was buried in Paris’s famous Père Lachaise cemetery.
I want to support you doing awesome things.
One is still on the United States Marshals Service’s list of most wanted fugitives .
For example, when I read that Nicholas Kristof called “Under the Loving Care of the Fatherly Leader: North Korea and the Kim Dynasty” by Bradley K. Martin “simply the best book ever written about North Korea,” I knew it needed to be included in my column on the continuing conflict between the United States and North Korea.
Dave McGrew, who followed the fruit harvest as a picker, doing a day’s work for a day’s pay and making music in the evenings.
He was 8 when his godmother, a teacher, gave him a copy of “Treasure Island” with this advice: “As you read, think of the man who was making up this story.
The bride’s father, a lawyer, is a senior vice president and managing counsel at a Boston branch of Citizens Bank.
The group, the Cluster Munition Coalition , said nearly 1,000 people had been killed or injured by the bombs, which are banned by international treaty.
Critics of pharmacy benefit managers have also noted that Express Scripts and others keep a slice of the rebates that are negotiated with drug companies and are based on a percentage of the list price — meaning that they make more money when drug prices go up.
She graduated from Smith College in Northampton, Mass.
The mystery of the pendant had particular resonance, and would grab headlines around the world for one reason: It was nearly identical to one owned by Anne Frank.
As China’s internet giants race to draw more and more consumers into their networks, they have sought to enlist local businesses in their quest.
In the South Bronx, Councilman Rafael Salamanca Jr. said he sees overwhelmed trash baskets every day.
All that tell and no show.
To contact the newsroom regarding correction requests, complaints or other comments about our coverage, please email nytnews@nytimes.com or call 1-844-NYT-NEWS (1-844-698-6397).
Are you earning more from selling me this product than you might from putting me in a similar product from a different company?
“It’s always been that way.” And if it hasn’t, there may be no one alive who remembers otherwise.
“He wanted his own presence with Trump.” But his work in Ukraine cast a long shadow.
In all, a little less than a third of seasons since the N.B.A.-A.B.A.
So it’s time to try.” Mr. Guth’s concept bears some similarity to the director Stefan Herheim’s , unveiled in Oslo in 2012 and available on a crucial DVD.
(Thursday): 28 Seventh Avenue South (Morton Street), 646-954-2280, icelandicfishandchips.com .
Others would be smaller changes that would modify the underlying bill.
John warns Jess, the caregiver he hires to dress and shower him, that the term “differently abled” is “retarded.” Most of what Ani tells her estranged husband, Eddie, who wants to help her with ideas he’s gleaned from the internet, cannot be printed here.
Mr. Moore has expressed concern over the years about mandatory life sentences for nonviolent crimes, and once suggested that a death row inmate might not be getting a fair shake in the court system.
The presentation included interviews with Evan Spiegel, the chief executive of Snap , and his fellow founder Bobby Murphy, and a more in-depth peek into the company’s culture.
The soloist on Sunday afternoon’s program could not have been more different: Jan Lisiecki , the splendid 21-year-old pianist known for his consummate technique and sensitivity , played Chopin’s Piano Concerto No.
They argue that Mr. Hernandez’s confessions reflected a fiction he had concocted and resulted from pressure he felt from detectives.
It had been underwater for about a day.
As with many companies with global markets, Boeing’s future was clouded by President Trump’s vow to renegotiate trade deals and risk a trade war.
Geophysicists, however, are unable to explain how such a large spike, even one limited to that region, could have occurred and disappeared so quickly.
He died last month and his obituary includes, for the mathematically inclined, the formula for calculating the apparent effects of winter’s frosty blast.
If you haven’t read any of his books, you would never know what an extraordinary talent he was: cerebral, tender, alien, mysterious.
“Internationally, the Freedom Party continues to gain in influence,” Mr. Strache boasted.
And humor, when it surfaces, is often of the wry, witty variety.
Mr. McAuliffe, who declined to discuss the White House meeting, said he had been in touch with Ms. Pelosi and Mr. Schumer since the elections to refocus the party’s attention on races in the states.
As a bonus, he and a workmate sipped happy-hour beers as they made their way home.
Good afternoon and welcome to prefall!
After two decades of trials at the tribunal in The Hague, no officials of the Belgrade wartime government are serving sentences, only Bosnians and Croats.
He directed police to conduct “crime suppression” sweeps in predominantly Latino neighborhoods and to raid businesses.
Mrs. Trump confirmed the decision.
Crew came less than three months after its longtime design director Jenna Lyons left the brand.
Do you think Uber has a role in helping to maintain some kind of social safety net that used to be filled by people having single long-term employment?
He finished with 13 points and shot 4 of 11 from the floor.
During this time, he cut himself and contracted a staph infection.
If approved by the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, it would allow the state to jettison some of Obamacare’s main features next year — its federally run insurance marketplace, its system for providing subsidies, its focus on helping poorer people afford insurance and medical care — and could open the door for other states to do the same.
I literally have to thank him, it’s in my contract.
A gunman had tried to get away in a cab but got stuck in traffic, and was himself shot by a postal police officer.
That same year, another North Korean soldier fled across the border after killing his platoon and squadron leaders.
Well, Senator Chuck Grassley explained it all last week: “I think not having the estate tax recognizes the people that are investing, as opposed to those that are just spending every darn penny they have, whether it’s on booze or women or movies.” Hmm.
‘‘I felt to be a lawyer sometimes you have to speak against your will.’’ His turning point came in 2008, when he defended a man from Xinjiang, the restive Muslim-majority autonomous region in China’s far west.
“Man’s turned against them,” the boatman says, referring to the human and industrial waste that’s poisoning their habitat.
Since his father became king in 2015, Crown Prince Mohammed has sought to moderate the kingdom’s religious rhetoric .
Volkswagen has announced ambitious plans to offer a lineup of battery-powered vehicles beginning in late 2019 that would be affordable for middle-class buyers.
The entanglement of provisions in the Republican tax bills that emerged from the House and Senate in the last few weeks may look less like the product of a carefully considered strategy than like a hodgepodge of giveaways and compromises only loosely constrained by math or economics, clustered around one goal: cutting the tax burden on the rich.
Now we expect her to be very sorry.
The project would have re-plumbed the state’s water delivery system.
1 player, above, advanced .
She was not involved in the clinical trials that led to approval, but she said she was likely to enroll patients in pediatric studies that are getting underway.
, Newark For all you golf fans out there, a dispatch from the mini-golf front: The much-adored miniature golf course on Governors Island is in danger of not reopening.
Amtrak had to run fewer trains between New York and Washington, one of the country’s major rail corridors.
A third of them lived in the suburbs, and several drove luxury cars, including a Rolls-Royce, a BMW and a Range Rover, officials said.
Curried mushrooms, curried mushrooms, sang the inner voice.
The dispute flared up amid rising tensions between Canada and the Trump administration over the future of the North American Trade Agreement and increasing Canadian worries about losing factory jobs to lower-wage plants in Mexico.
Still, there’s often a special charge to the pieces they create for their electrified de facto house band, the Bang On A Can All-Stars.
Those men think, ‘If I kick her, she’s not going to kick back, but the men will.
The company agreed to provide $875 million to compensate automakers for costs related to recalls, and $125 million for victims of the faulty airbags.
That would necessitate an unusual level of devotion to a piece of workplace software, which is why Slack says it is so devoted to its users’ well-being.
My favorite is Flora, in which the juniper is graced with hints of violet and geranium, making it ideal in a French 75.
She was also put on the no-fly list and became the subject of a Secret Service investigation for, she says, “conspiracy to assassinate the president.” When she asked the federal agent why the government was going to such extremes, the woman pointed upward, indicating, Ms. Griffin interpreted, that this came from the president himself.
Innumerable heirlooms stored in the basement, including holiday items, books and photographs, were unsalvageable.
That is the normal state of affairs at the Port Authority bus station.
But for me work was always instilled early on.
But he said everyone on the team called it by the same phrase: “The dying polar bear.”
— Lori Moore _____ From Between the Liner Notes : In the latest episode of this documentary-style podcast about music history, you’ll learn about the first black opera troupe in America.
“We live rent-free.” David’s mother, Peggy, 84, allowed him to take out a $50,000 second mortgage — $30,000 to remodel Salon Rock and $20,000 for surgery to reset River’s jaw, flawed since infancy.
— Those who falter will get stuck in the details, overwhelmed, distracted by the “shiny new object.” — Those who falter will stay tactical and short term, preserving the status quo or past.
A lawyer for Mr. Manafort could not immediately be reached for comment.
Even so, the forum drew scores of protesters and fanned fears of arousing more of the ugly nativist sentiments that exploded more than a week ago in Charlottesville .
After a palpable absence last week , Alec Baldwin returned to play Mr. Trump in the “S.N.L.” cold open, which imagined him in a future year, visiting a military base and trying to dispense words of inspiration while the United States battles with an extraterrestrial adversary.
So now we have high school students vying to be president of as many clubs as they can.
We will need to discuss how we determine a fair settlement of the UK’s rights and obligations as a departing member state, in accordance with the law and in the spirit of the United Kingdom’s continuing partnership with the EU.
She goes on to chronicle, in a mood of excited ambivalence, the good and the bad: “a scary mass extinction of animals” and “alarming signs of climate change” but also a number of promising “revolutions” in sustainability, manufacturing, biomimicry and nanotechnology.
“But when you make a save like that in a scoreless game, it’s a great feeling.” That was one of the few good scoring chances for either team, and when J. T. Miller finally scored in overtime, Lundqvist and the Rangers prevailed, 1-0, at Detroit.
Members of the group, which calls itself an “unofficial union” named “The Photographers,” began adding the hashtag #NoFreePhotos to photos uploaded on their Instagram accounts — where collectively, a spokesman said, they have three million followers.
49A: “Brooklyn Nine-Nine” with Andy Samberg can be very funny.
They haven’t necessarily grown up with the traditional trappings of wealth.
An abandoned child, his natural state is isolation, his faith a kind of misanthropy.
The words of Harvard’s president, Drew Gilpin Faust, ring true of us all: “Only by coming to terms with history can we free ourselves to create a more just world.” Time is of the essence; that more just world is long overdue.
Nor do you need any special equipment.
The neighborhood is taking care of the neighborhood.
But before giving up on the prospect of a few leaves in your salad, consider that most mustard relatives — broccoli, cabbage, kale — also contain traces of this toxin.
“There is a substantial withdrawal and rollback of proposed regulatory actions,” she said.
Those figures are the same as the estimates in the budget office’s previous analysis, despite numerous changes to the bill intended to win votes.
The first things that caught my eye were snugly red checkered pieces by Fear of God.
• Workshops in Germany aim to show children how to light fires safely .
And Florida’s real estate market is booming.
In Washington, a senior American official said Mr. Abedi had links to a radical preacher in Libya identified as Abdul Baset Ghwela, whose son had joined the Islamic State in Libya and had died fighting in Benghazi.
Like G.M., Fiat Chrysler has idled several thousand workers this year while it retools factories in Toledo, Ohio, and Belvidere, Ill. Further production cuts may be coming.
Tonic East is a favorite bar in Midtown East where they can meet up with other “Penn Staters” to watch college football.
12 U.N.C.-Wilmington over Virginia, No.
“It hurts,” Manager Joe Girardi said.
Add a bit of broth or water if it gets too thick.
Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson?
The earliest work in this 40-year survey at Blum & Poe , his first solo exhibition in New York, is from 1974.
However, it was unclear how much of a deduction Mr. Trump actually took.
We need certain amounts of other things, including a little bit of luck, but I think we’re going to do a real job.
Week 6, I called it quits.
We also have briefings timed for the Asian , European and American mornings.
Latin America’s political right is on a decisive winning streak.
Mr. Lockley was arrested in April 2010 in Newburgh, N.Y., a run-down area so popular with Bronx gang members seeking an escape from the New York Police Department that a local police captain said one neighborhood was nicknamed Little Bronx.
While she did not elaborate on her own experience, she called out Mr. Weinstein, who has been accused of assault by multiple women, and his “wicked conspirators.” I said I was angry recently, and I have a few reasons, #metoo , in case you couldn’t tell by the look on my face.
And do look for us on social media as well.
But the Obama administration said that the disparities were wide enough to warrant action.
How can I encourage them to repay my in-laws in some way?
He echoed others in saying the findings tend to also affirm smaller, more regional studies.
In 1993, he became the first black person to be elected president of the American Society of Newspaper Editors (now the American Society of News Editors).
“The area is a lot more attractive to buyers, thanks to an expanded and improved infrastructure.” Vacation houses in Jamaica typically range in price from around $800,000 to as much as $10 million, Mr. Marsh said, while one- and two-bedroom condominiums near the beach start at around $200,000.
Officials from other Arctic nations seemed relieved that the statements from Mr. Tillerson were not more severe.
Those rates are far lower than the 20 percent rate Republicans want to levy on corporate profits — and a huge drop from the current rate of 35 percent — leaving an incentive to keep money elsewhere.
Some goalies know exactly what they want.
The school also notified the local police, Ms. Baldwin said.
A few months later, his benefit was granted — sort of.
In March, the network briefly sidelined Andrew Napolitano, its senior legal analyst, after he made an unsupported accusation about Britain’s top spy agency.
This month, it wrote to members of Congress to urge that the contract award be delayed and entirely rethought.
“I average six Googles a day,” he said, referring to the number of new mentions of him when he runs his name through Google.
At 16, he became a model for the British magazine i-D after being scouted while traveling on the Tube, London’s subway system.
The annual property taxes on this home are around $24,000, and the homeowners’ association fee is $10,000 a year, Mr. Sawyer said.
Is he in love with his fastball because it’s hitting 103, or is he trying to establish a little bit of a slider?” He added: “You watch what he’s doing and he’s not just a guy that you literally take any direction with.
The United States has sharply increased attacks against Qaeda-backed Shabab militants in Somalia in recent days, conducting a flurry of airstrikes in the wake of the country’s deadliest terrorist assault last month and President Trump’s approval of new military authorities to hunt down insurgents around the world.
Some of the most interesting research on the way hospitals are built examines the role of nature to promote healing.
Laws that regulate children’s rights to money earned by parents using their images on social media aren’t clear, lawyers say.
SEE WHAT I HAVE DONE By Sarah Schmidt 328 pp.
The president spent less than an hour in the two museums.
Appearing with Reince Priebus, the president’s chief of staff, he joked about how well the two get along despite the friction that had always existed between them.
We mulled sitting on the front porch of the Doyle House in Hollywood, where Jamie Lee Curtis had the worst babysitting gig in history in the original “Halloween.” But in the end, Mr. Blum decided that the most chilling place on the planet was a home right down the block from my office that many see as haunted by a bloated, wailing orange apparition.
But Jonathan Hafetz, the lead A.C.L.U.
Chatayev was wounded and arrested in Georgia in August 2012 following a clash between the Georgian police and a group of militants, who were allegedly trying to cross the Georgian-Russian border and move to Dagestan.
Now, they may be rejected with me but it’s going to be a quick rejection.
“The reputation of Father Lott should be reflected to show that he was a pure predator who preyed upon an innocent child by repeatedly sexually abusing that child over the course of years,” he said.
(Presuming readers are familiar with her father, the author waits until Chapter 8 to explain that he was a “celebrated multihyphenate” — an essayist-columnist-radio-host-etc.
The team is the only one in the league that shares a building with a baseball team, the Oakland A’s, and the Raiders are among the teams that generate the least amount of revenue from their home games, lacking the fancy suites and epicurean dining options that other stadiums have.
First, the university was obliged to open what it called a “review of potential research misconduct,” in this case involving potential plagiarism in a federal grant proposal.
The reality, of course, is that it never was.
In January, they organized 15 events held in various suburban homes in the area.
That I suddenly burned to possess those overalls had little to do with any yard work I had left unfinished.
Mr. Pence and his boss have cheapened our flag and our anthem by their travesty of patriotism.
On Aug. 22, David Coombs appeared on NBC’s “Today” show.
In that case, he bucked the majority of his party on the grounds that the 2001 and 2003 cuts overwhelmingly benefited the rich — a widespread criticism of the current Senate legislation and the bill that has already passed the House.
Mr. Tillerson has shown no desire to start a new one.
Risking sources & methods is inexcusable, particularly with the Russians.” Democrats demanded more information.
A government contract with Microsoft to update the software for the N.H.S.
Amid the collective grieving, Mr. Pomeroy, 51, has found himself in an unfamiliar situation for a pastor.
It seems to me that a coward is not someone who is willing to take all questions from friends and foes, who follows the evidence and the law wherever it goes because that’s his job and he loves his country, someone who is not afraid to take on the Democratic candidate for president two weeks before the election or the president of the United States.
“They said I was a counterfeiter,” an indignant Mr. Boggs told The Associated Press in 1992, when agents in the counterfeiting division of the Secret Service raided his apartment near Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, where he was an artist in residence, and took possession of more than 100 of his artworks.
Little did they know, however, that there was another, secret, photo.
Josephine Wright, a professor of music and black studies at the College of Wooster in Ohio, said the lyrics of “Swing Low, Sweet Chariot” allude to feelings of despair and a desire for release from suffering.
Only women behind the camera, actually: For her indie comedy “ Band Aid ,” released Friday, June 2, Ms. Lister-Jones hired an all-female crew, from the grips to the drivers to the production assistants.
Her convictions and force of personality gave rise to their own movement (Thatcherism), yet her signal foreign policy success was an anachronistic colonial adventure in the Falklands.
Well, if happiness is the goal, you might consider opening that wallet.
He used the occasion to mount a robust attack on Britain’s politicians for making cuts to the national arts budget.
“But I believe we can play anywhere and win anywhere.
“Andrew let me know right away that he had to go deep into the role and that it had to take time — he had to live it.” This would involve intensive work with Father Martin, who, despite his initial wariness, ended up guiding Mr. Garfield through St. Ignatius Loyola’s Spiritual Exercises, which often mark the summit of a spiritual journey.
For updates throughout the day, like us on Facebook .
“It just felt like: ‘I am a failure for this.
On set in January, several people were wearing a uniform of sorts, as if enlisted: baseball hats that Ms. Moss had bought and distributed.
Then and since, I have researched and written extensively about the country that has become my second home.
• Stuffed portobello mushrooms are a satisfying option for a meatless, yet meaty, main course.
“He’s here to talk about the game, not about his family, about Real Madrid,” Santos said.
In July, Mr. Trump posted a video on his Twitter account portraying him wrestling and punching a figure whose head had been replaced by the CNN logo.
Last year, the couple decided to consolidate and start fresh in a place of their own.
“The benefit of the agreement is that it gives us a number of years to look at a whole range of issues,” said Richard L. Kauffman, the state’s so-called energy czar.
The authorities used water cannons to stop the protesters from advancing.
It happened to us the other way.” I should not pick on Hornacek.
President-elect Donald J. Trump’s cabinet nominees, while moderating some of their stances, have made it clear during two weeks of hearings that they intend to work hard to sweep away President Obama’s domestic policy by embracing a deeply conservative approach to governing.
After the game, Collins spoke to reporters, but he, too, had a blank look on his face.
Maybe we can use it instead.
“That car inspired a whole line of home furnishings.
Public school doesn’t start until children turn 5.
Federal officials said Wednesday that the quake on Sept. 19, and one on Sept. 7 that struck mainly the southern states of Oaxaca and Chiapas , damaged more than 153,000 homes, with more than 24,000 destroyed and more than 46,000 damaged so severely as to be uninhabitable.
Bin Hammam was removed from that election contest amid accusations that he had bribed Caribbean soccer officials.
Back in August this seemed unlikely to be a crucial game; now it may determine home field advantage in the playoffs.
“I think it’s going to affect my business greatly,” Mr.
What would you like to see here?
“Seek help, fight for government funding for mental health programs.
While those in some areas of the country were cheered by the executive order, the reaction was markedly different for many in New York.
Ms. Grace added, “Resorting to personal attacks means you’ve run out of honest arguments.” The new effort does go further in attacking Ms. Glen, accusing her of bringing a Goldman Sachs model of development to City Hall.
Larry Mullen Jr. on drums, Adam Clayton on bass and the Edge on guitar tore into the urgent rhythmic flux of “Where the Streets Have No Name.” Against the craggy postpunk groove of “Bullet the Blue Sky,” both Bono’s falsetto and the Edge’s guitar leads were keening sirens.
The Astros are hoping Justin Verlander can pitch as deep into the game as possible.
Mr. Zamil later deleted the posts.
And don’t let dinner go on too long.
Prominent Democrats also criticized the proposed deal.
FAST By Jorie Graham 84 pp.
“It is fitting that this show is taking place right at the very moment when the U.K. decides on its future government,” Ms. Broach said last week from her airy office at the Royal College of Art’s South Kensington campus.
The bill also won praise from Senator Susan Collins of Maine, leaving it likely to pass with all 52 Senate Republicans in support.
Quicken, which moved most of its operations in 2010 to downtown Detroit from nearby Livonia, Mich., recently committed $300,000 to a new government program that will give 80 tenants living in homes that face tax foreclosure a chance to buy the houses for as little as $2,500.
National Popular Vote will work only if it is hard to withdraw from.
“It wasn’t a complete shock; I would say I was surprised,” Stepan said of the late June trade in which the Rangers also sent goaltender Antti Raanta to Arizona for the seventh overall pick in the draft and defenseman Anthony DeAngelo.
In January, Russia-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine, most likely at the direction of Mr. Putin, ramped up their fight against Ukrainian government forces, bringing the violence there to its highest level in a year and a half.
“It seems counterintuitive that an animal would destroy its own habitat,” he said.
A debate has been raging among Democratic strategists and activists over how aggressively to compete in right-leaning districts where Republicans are defending vacant congressional seats.
All that may be hard for the union to accept.
Make some or all of those this weekend, or invent your own pies.
While it clearly channeled soap operas, macabre hits like “The Twilight Zone,” and surreal fare like “The Prisoner” — not to mention classic films like “Peyton Place” and “Laura” — it became a pop culture phenomenon, at least briefly, because no one had put these elements together in such a peculiar and evocative way.
But the two specials that arrive on Sunday — which were filmed in September and December — will dive into the current political climate to cover the president, class divisions, racial tensions and more.
(“A” is one of two plays by Ms.
“While he participated in some of the jeering of the white supremacists in his city, letting them know they were not welcome there, he did not instigate any physical assault,” Mr. Merritt said.
He has been reaching out to young people who have had little interest in politics.
( NYT ) • Matthew Petersen, who was nominated by the White House for a federal judgeship but drew scorn when he couldn’t answer basic legal questions, has withdrawn his candidacy.
There have even been puzzles where the circles were used to bring attention to noncircled letters .
Berlin told its citizens to exercise caution when traveling to Turkey and threatened to scale back economic cooperation.
Nye told Forbes recently that his interest in science came from a boyhood incident: “I got excited and fascinated with aeronautics, chemistry and biology all at once, after my mom put ammonia on a bee sting,” he said.
• What’s North Korea doing?
“ Full Moon Suppers at Salt Water Farm ” ($35) translates local ingredients, particularly those grown on Annemarie Ahearn’s family farm, into large-format style feasts, like the ones she shares with her students at Salt Water Farm cooking school.
Mr. Young’s earlier book, “ The Grey Album ,” looked at the generative power of storytelling, but “Bunk” takes a bleaker view.
It must be taught not only as an isolated craft or a set of techniques.
But the foundational message rings as loudly as it did nearly a century ago: that women “have always been a tremendous power in the destiny of the world.” Quotable “I feel like a dancer, or a sculptor, or a chef.
So I first came to Chicago when I was in my early twenties, and I was still trying to figure out who I was; still searching for a purpose to my life.
Well, he has to find a mess.
But “to get a Republican president, a Republican House and a Republican Senate just to vote for more money won’t happen in the next two or three weeks unless there’s some restructuring” of insurance market regulation to address Republican concerns.
He also hit every shot in the sprint, and finished fourth just six seconds off a medal.
In his speech and during the question period, Mr. Mattis did not mention Mr. Trump’s decision to withdraw from the global climate change agreement.
Susie Barganier, 55, a worker at Redbox, the movie rental company, was waiting for her color treatment at a busy hair salon.
Arts and crafts courses should not instruct children to depict anything living, which is proscribed by Islam, and should instead offer instruction only in calligraphy, said Abdullah Wasel, a member of Hefazat’s central committee.
The kitchen has quartzite counters, including a peninsula with a waterfall edge, and Thermador appliances.
Soon poor Elliot is seeing a fellow in a long cowled robe, and he’s not a member of the drone rock group Sunn O))) offering to play a free house party.
Instead, the spotlight had been on the team president, Phil Jackson, and his relationship with Anthony, who had reportedly been shopped around the league in recent weeks.
And when Nesbit quit, three weeks after the episode with Thaw, the restaurant’s name was changed to Gallaghers.
How large is the Chicago public school district, and what is it in the forefront of in American education?
The eventual liberation of their homeland at the end of World War II was a mixed blessing: No longer subjects of the Japanese emperor, Koreans lost the right to reside in Japan.
Singsaker is actually more concerned about his alcoholic wife, Felicia, who went on a bender, failed to catch her flight home from Oslo and is now missing.
The remains, it was assumed, were that of the missing man, Robert A. Levinson, a private investigator and former agent for the Federal Bureau of Investigation who was also a part-time consultant for the Central Intelligence Agency.
“My kids told me that the sky was crowded with helicopters and that they saw people jumping out of planes.” “The last thing they said to me was that the whole town is devastated now,” Mr. Mohamed said.
16 Gilles Müller; perhaps Novak Djokovic, who will meet the unseeded Frenchman Adrian Mannarino.
service was reduced because of a renovation at Penn Station.
A spokesman for Mr. de Blasio declined to comment on the mistrial.
Judy Norsigian was one of the women who got the project rolling.
Contrary to the latest tale of woe, there is much going right in Hartford.
For the first seven months of this year, Chinese sales of Hyundai cars fell 41 percent from a year ago, even as the broader market grew, according to LMC Automotive, a global consulting company.
I’ve had a bunch of conversations lately with Australians — including some readers of this newsletter — who recently moved back to Oz after years away.
Many companies, including Volkswagen, General Motors and Ford, have plans to shift more research and development to China, particularly around electric cars.
“Someone told me you could take public transit to a free ferry, see the Statue of Liberty and then go to a baseball game for a really affordable price,” said Mr. Fletcher, a San Diego native who lives in Brooklyn.
“This is what Holocaust denial is,” Mr. Kaine said on “Meet the Press.” “Many Holocaust deniers acknowledge: ‘Oh yeah, people were killed, but it was a lot of innocent people.
Correspondingly, trying to reverse the A.C.A.
The store, which opens Wednesday, has some counter seating: Creamline, 180 Seventh Avenue (20th Street), 212-727-2315, creamlinenyc.com .
On the campaign trail, Mr. Trump won cheers from rural audiences when he vowed to roll back the rule.
And Lynch sure seems to be loving the attention of his return from retirement, back in that familiar No.
I also read Stephen King books and autobiographies about celebrities I admired, like Tina Turner and Louie Anderson.
Snow showers are likely in the afternoon and into the evening.
He had never been one for politics before, he said.
The lawsuit covers only the first two years of the program, because the documents were supposed to be purged by Dec. 31, 2016.
They constituted 18 percent of the Army soldiers in World War I and 43 percent of the Union Army during the Civil War.
He attended Dartmouth College and had spent two years in the Navy when he was admitted to New York University’s medical school after at least a half-dozen other schools had rejected him.
“Right now, I believe the enemy is surging.” The main question before the administration is how to reverse the trends on the battlefield.
Over-trust was what Google observed when it saw its engineers not paying attention during commutes with prototype self-driving cars.
Alarmed by Kim’s nuclear provocations — and perhaps pressured by the Trump administration — China is acting tougher on sanctions.
“It’s a wonderful moment for the first country to evaluate the costs and benefits of metallic mining and say no,” said Andrés McKinley, a mining and water specialist at Central American University in San Salvador.
He built all of these and more.” “Before Mr. Moses, New York State had a modest amount of parkland; when he left his position as chief of the state park system, the state had 2,567,256 acres.
President-elect Trump should not be expected to destroy the company he built.
As a lawyer, a conviction for this type of conduct is likely to be considered a crime of “moral turpitude” because it involves a significant breach of the duty of a lawyer to maintain the confidentiality of a client’s information.
“They should be judged here, but by whom?” said Hilda Caldera, the widow of Alfredo Landaverde, a politician and counternarcotics official who was assassinated in December 2011 — one of the murders to which Mr. Rivera has pleaded guilty.
If CarMax showed up with dozens of cars, those dealers might shun it because it competes with that dealer’s used-car operation.
I think individual players risked a lot over the weekend.
In Catalonia, separatist parties were poised to hold on to a narrow majority in elections for a regional parliament , according to nearly complete official results.
director, privately asked the Justice Department to issue a statement that Mr. Trump’s claim was false, senior officials said, but the department had not done so as of Sunday evening.
Louis Malle cast her after seeing her in Peter Brook’s 1956 Paris production of “Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.” Ms. Moreau believed in surrendering to her directors, requiring what she called “a complete, unquestioning rapport.” The respect was usually mutual.
The Senate confirmed Scott Pruitt as head of the Environmental Protection Agency despite an all-night protest by Democrats.
“But I’m finding most of what I need right here.
The Julia Robinson Mathematics Festival , a fair within the fair, specializes in leading groups to tackle problems.
They are expected to get together during a summit meeting of the Group of 20 nations in Germany in July.
If you had told me, back in my 20s, how great it would be to spend Christmas Eve cooking for family as someone rustles wrapping paper in the living room and the dog snores at my feet, I wouldn’t have believed you, would have scoffed like a Gen-X Scrooge.
Jacob Lindgren, picked 55th over all in 2014, has undergone Tommy John surgery, too.
In the hours before he hopped onto Ms. Arroyo’s ambulance, he posted cellphone video online of himself with lipstick smeared around his gaptoothed grin, his tongue wagging from his mouth and his left hand dripping with blood.
Mr. Canter, who had founded a software company in the 1980s that became known as Macromedia, initially agreed to help her find a co-founder.
“Take the dinner scene from the pilot,” Mr. Lorre said on the set here, referring to a scene that takes a couple of minutes.
Point blank.” On television, Mr. O’Reilly was wrapping up his show with a pitch for a coming tour.
There’s a saying that what matters isn’t winning or losing.
The young adult novel, in which a misfit girl from an abusive home and a boy from a happy one bond, was challenged for offensive language.
And when they do that, they destroy your identity, they destroy your soul.
He passed a test to become a forklift driver and has his sights set on becoming a supervisor.
On one of those visits, he discovered that North Korea had a pastime in common with his home country.
“What purpose or objective of trademark protection does this particular disparagement provision help along or further?” Justice Breyer asked Mr. Stewart.
HCC Life, a unit of Tokio Marine HCC, says it will defend its case.
Browse past briefings here .
But by 2016, as their romance was blazing and their careers booming, Ms. Leas announced she wanted to sell her business, follow her heart and study for an M.B.A., which would take her out of town and away from Mr. Ferreira.
“It’s a struggle,” said Rodrigo Urias, 59, an S.O.C.
Many good producers, like Paul Pernot, make good aligotés as well.
He believed in Vick’s VapoRub for chest colds and Desitin — a fishy-smelling ointment meant for Norwegians and diaper rashes — for everything else.
An early scene sets the mark, with Henry and Gus — 14 at that point — at a supermarket meat counter with Newman, observing the butcher as he slices.
INTERNATIONAL An article last Wednesday about Matthew Pottinger, who has been advising the Trump Administration on relations with China, referred incorrectly to China’s currency policy.
He scrapped the Paris climate treaty without consulting one climate scientist — and no G.O.P.
Born in a factory so large that clouds once formed within it, the 747-100 was nearly twice as long as the Wright brothers’ entire first flight.
One afternoon in the elevator, I saw one of the guys from next door in jeans and a T-shirt, his dark hair slightly receding.
For a related opinion, see "Advice for My Conservative Students" by Colby College professor Aaron Hanlon.
Following are edited excerpts from a conversation with Mr. Penn: “Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle” was filmed in Toronto.
With a feminist government, a feminist foreign policy, a national agency tasked with upholding all things equality and a prime minister who calls himself a feminist, shouldn’t we be better than this?
We are seeing inventories go down, which is great.
Unlike his recent predecessors, he didn’t introduce the findings at a press briefing; in fact, there was no briefing, just an anonymous senior official taking questions by telephone.
The new moves by these established companies reflect the increasing draw of home-sharing sites like Airbnb, which promise travelers the chance to live like a local, said Fiona O’Donnell, the director of travel and leisure research at Mintel, a market research firm, in Chicago.
Every day there is a new round of questions and a new set of concerns that raise anxieties and lower trust.
There is clearer legal precedent suggesting that the White House could not use executive privilege to block the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, from talking to Mr. Comey or obtaining from the F.B.I.
He was quiet and kept to himself.
The race in Georgia, in a district Republicans have held for a generation, will be an early test of Democrats’ ability to capitalize on Mr. Trump’s polarizing presence — he barely won the district last year — and the ability of both parties to choose candidates within their divided ideological factions who can win a general election.
I had joked that I was moving to Berlin to become a bohemian, but once there I found bohemianism did not suit me.
It has said it could now make nuclear warheads small enough to fit onto a ballistic missile.
Russian ballets and circuses performed in Indian cities and were broadcast frequently on Indian state television.
This year, for instance, only nine of the 84 prizes were awarded on television.
With his perfect boy-band brown hair, hipster T-shirt and dark-wash jeans, it’s perhaps no surprise that in the American Girl world, Logan plays the drums in his friend Tenney Grant’s band.
Happy Birthday to Michael Jordan.
The Cougars have not won since 1985, when Brown was an all-American for the fourth year in a row, and they missed the N.C.A.A.
Julito Ramírez, the Planet Honda general manager, said that his company was having a hard time keeping up with demand, selling 250 to 300 units per day.
Yet the show’s racial politics resonate in London, too.
A majority of the fatalities came at the Bataclan concert hall, where the film takes place.
“Those aren’t arcane legal concepts,” Ms Bannon said.
I want to specifically tonight reject his vision and affirm that America has to be better than that.”
Considering them a burden, even an embarrassment, the Guatemalan state and society are unable and unwilling to assist the thousands of migrants being sent back home.
Lens is also on Facebook and Instagram .
Now it is showing its commitment to technology, and, as a woman in engineering, Ms.
But even Kerr, who tends to be as measured as coaches come, acknowledged that the game carried extra weight, if only because of the history between the two teams — and what the future could hold.
Right now, their proposals have key differences.
This set off an angry and defiant response on Tuesday from Gov.
Miami gives the Atlantic Coast Conference seven teams in the Top 25, while Iowa State gives the Big 12 four.
While numbers are difficult to obtain, The Guardian reported last year about a church in Berlin whose congregation increased from 140 to 700, the newcomers being Muslim converts from Iran, Afghanistan and Central Asia, and mass baptisms held at a municipal swimming pool in Hamburg, Germany.
In 1786, Jefferson triumphed in his Bill for Establishing Religious Freedom in Virginia, by persuading the Legislature to overwhelmingly reject attempts to include Jesus Christ as the religious authority in the bill.
Steven Hoffenberg, who was convicted in 1997 of bilking investors of Towers Financial Corporation of $462 million, leased office space on the 16th floor shortly after his legal difficulties began.
Wrong on pretty much every count.
The storefronts of the shops around the circle were all blown out, and the fence toppled.
And Mr. Trump’s nominee to head the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, heads to a confirmation vote today amid an extraordinary wave of protest from former E.P.A.
Coach’s handbags sell for $285 to $3,000, while Kate Spade’s retail for $100 to $500.
After Amacher’s death, archivists discovered voluminous notes for the work, including revised sketches.
So I’m using the Forest app to help, and it’s surprisingly fun.
But as much as we love economics here — this column is named Economic View, after all — there just may be a downside to this one academic discipline having such primacy in shaping public policy.
Pakistan’s government last week approved the appointment of a former army chief, Raheel Sharif, to lead the Islamic Military Alliance, a posting announced by Saudi Arabia in January.
He introduced young fighters in his entourage and had his publicist and lawyer onstage.
— Can, a 29-year-old government employee, who asked not to be photographed or fully named for fear of falling victim to a continuing purge of dissidents.
But because of your right to remain silent, it would be tough (though not impossible) for the federal government to force you to share your passcode.
You’re one of the best in history.” The Times said : “The roar heard at Rod Laver Arena when Federer held serve to even the match at two sets apiece was soon replaced by the groans and awkward silences that accompany an anticlimax.” 2011 French Open: Nadal in Four Sets Before this year, this was the only final in which Nadal and Federer were not seeded Nos.
Ms. Smith was born in Massachusetts and grew up in Fairfield, Calif., the youngest of five children.
But this much-trafficked watering hole also exerts a dangerous gravitational force, the kind that holds people in place when they should be moving on.
Corneal wounds, affecting the clear surface at the front of the eye, and dry eye, which robs the eye of moisture and can lead to pain, inflammation and vision loss, are especially common in dogs.
Their drama may not be as intense as Mr. C ending a man’s life with a sock in the nose.
Posters were a natural evolution from the audio format to the visual one.
In the book, Reeves covets a 1766 map of New York made by the British military officer Bernard Ratzer and considered one of the finest 18th-century depictions of the city.
And sometimes some of the very powerful dynamic climaxes become a result of this archaeological digging, rather than building on top.” Over the years, Mr. Barenboim said, his style in this music has changed primarily as a result of conducting more operas by Richard Wagner, who was a profound influence on Bruckner.
While Mrs. May was re-elected to her seat in Maidenhead, other ministers in her government were not so fortunate.
There’s also a painting by Ms. Rosen’s first husband, James Nares.
An 18-year-old in Nogales, Mexico, suggested that Mr. Trump could take an even larger role in the construction.
More important for Mr. Wertkin, if he did what the government outlined in the complaint , this will ruin the rest of his life in ways that no one contemplates when deciding to commit a crime.
Before Reading Read these college application essays , written by four brothers.
At Silberman, Nina Saxon, who works in the city comptroller’s office, sobbed as participants went onstage one by one to receive their certificates — many of which were in construction and at least some in barista skills.
Vinnie always knows the best guy.
• We told you yesterday about our Pentagon reporter’s discovery of a secret program that investigates service members' reports of U.F.O.s .
Mr. Halperin has denied nonconsensual contact with the women; an ABC News representative said the network considered harassment and retaliation unacceptable and encouraged employees to come forward if they encountered such behavior.
In 1989, this was a thriving cranberry bog that produced 1 percent of Ocean Spray’s entire harvest.
“So we will do like a brief introduction to them to let them know how the N.C.A.A.
Then she saw its name.
The Thunder do not have much.
“Joan” is not just a movie shot largely in close-up, but one without establishing shots.
It clings to the penultimate rung, No.
Freier said even fellow owners around the league were asking when the decision would be made official.
He finally couldn’t resist the city, or at least its verdant fringe.
What women are forced to hide about our sexuality — experience, orientation, assaults — pinches far worse than stiff underwire.
The first column was meant to recognize our fallibility.
Tell us in the comments, then read this related article , about how to become a better cook by sharpening your senses.
(The New York Times has reported that the Justice Department has pushed for the sale of either Turner Broadcasting, which includes CNN, or DirecTV.)
“The biggest political fights at the commission are not going to be around enforcement cases,” Mr. Goelman said.
But Mr. Elie also became frustrated with the pace of equal opportunity, at one time embracing black nationalism and Malcolm X. Mr. Elie, who retired shortly after Hurricane Katrina struck in 2005, was reflective about what more than four decades of advocacy for civil rights had accomplished.
The counterintelligence investigation centers at least in part on the business dealings that some of the president-elect’s past and present advisers have had with Russia.
SUNDAY BUSINESS An article last Sunday about efforts by the United States government to seize assets from corrupt officials gave an outdated title for Teodoro Nguema Obiang Mangue of Equatorial Guinea, who has agreed to give up valuables he amassed in the United States.
MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS By Agatha Christie Read by Kenneth Branagh 6 hours, 12 minutes.
He built a fortune in the Darwinian world of Chinese real estate, and people who crossed him soon rued the day.
Why?, Mr. Lewin asked him shortly after his arrest in New Orleans in 2015.
But that spirit of protest has been revived in the stadium jeers, which appear to have started two years ago .
Haven’t we seen this story before, in which a white man’s anomie is cured by the love of an exotic woman?
The court’s ruling, made under new constitutional rules, appeared reasonably straightforward: nullify the disputed election and hold a new one within 60 days.
A built-in sofa with integrated side tables allows seating for three.
In 1867, a German-born pharmacist, Henri Nestlé, began a milk-food production company in the small town of Vevey.
Mr. Wildstein was repeatedly described by defense lawyers for Ms. Kelly and Mr. Baroni as “ the Bernie Madoff of New Jersey politics ,” and he was described even by witnesses for the prosecution as “maniacal” and “a horrible person.” Following the sentencing, Mr. Christie’s office sent out a blistering statement, attacking Mr. Wildstein’s credibility and integrity.
Police Constable Rhian Samuda, another participant, has no plans to leave.
My experience was on the receiving end of the evacuation of the San Rafael Kaiser hospital in the emergency department by some very brave and reactive individuals who grabbed up all the patients from the emergency department, as flames were flickering through the parking structure across the street from them; drove them down by private car to the emergency department in San Rafael Kaiser in Terra Linda; and then scooped up the 70 or so inpatients and did the same.
“Did you ever think you’d hear about London from Pakistan?” I found the observation slightly upsetting.
I hope it is teaching them that there is value in making space in your life for laziness and pleasure, for the purposeless passing of time.
From an employed millennial, your dollar was worth more than mine is today, and my avocado toast helps me cope with that.
All are available to stream.
• Charges in Flint water case.
What questions do you have?
We could also shift away from an employer-sponsored system by allowing people to buy into our single-payer system, Medicare.
in his first five starts.
“The British are making a serious mistake over the long term.” If a rupture across the channel results, global banks like Citi stand to feel significant consequences .
Then Ms. Lysette, the actress who played Shea, told The Hollywood Reporter that Mr. Tambor had once thrust his pelvis against her hip while on set, kissed her on the lips several times and repeatedly made sexually suggestive remarks to her.
“There is no one in command, there is a complete loss of credibility,” he said.
“My savior is born,” yelled Amy Azzo as she scanned the crowd near Union Station.
Art Beltrone has spent months trying to answer this one: Who was Johnny from New York?
Intense, serious, it shows the architectural skill with which Mr. Battle contrasts groups as well as individuals.
His competition is the Lift eFoil, which costs $12,000 and will ship in September (with a five-month waiting list).
WowWee had originally planned on selling the Fingerling for $20, but the giant retailer was insistent: About $15 was the magic number.
5 in The Associated Press poll and with its lone loss coming by one point against No.
Early works by Robert Morris, Richard Serra, Bruce Nauman and Mark di Suvero (the subject of the Green’s first solo, and one of just a handful of artists Bellamy represented at the time of his death) evince an intuitive response to sculpture.
During the presidential campaign, he derided the alliance as obsolete and questioned whether the United States would automatically come to the defense of its members.
In 2011, they passed a law barring doctors from talking to their patients about one specific topic: whether the patients keep firearms at home.
To the Editor: Brava to the women who fought back against Harvey Weinstein’s raw intimidation and harassment, and to The Times for publishing their story .
I became a much better student after that and got into Radcliffe.
These results make some sense.
For years, Mr. Snyder has mined thrift stores and the treasure troves maintained by folks like the vintage-clothes wizard Bob Melet for inspiration.
First up on the agenda?
You’ve been at Venrock for 20 years.
On March 2, elections will be held for Northern Ireland’s Parliament, which is responsible for devolved issues like health and education.
“I’m sure there will also be plenty of people who just cut two holes in a sheet.” Despite the warm weather, some fall rituals persist.
On the streets, Mayor Bill de Blasio said in his eulogy, her bravery was “her example” to family, co-workers and to all New Yorkers until the moment, on March 16, when she fought alongside her partner to take back their ambulance from a man who had seized control of the vehicle and ultimately used it to crush Ms. Arroyo to death.
And while the condescending may look down upon the genre, it promotes female success, powerful female relationships, female sexual agency and high standards for intimacy and relationships.
That phenomenon should be of grave concern even to city folk who never venture within a thousand miles of a burning forest.
“I pitched all seven games and I think I threw only one slider all series.
A list of Western cities that once read New York, Madrid, London, now seems too long to complete: Boston, Paris, Nice, Orlando, San Bernardino, Ottawa, Berlin, Brussels, Stockholm, Sydney, Paris ….
I rebuilt it by taking administrative jobs inside the university, but never again was I tenure-track faculty.
Sherlock Holmes houndstooth coats had the sleeves sliced and draped at mid-bicep like an evening gown.
Hide , a seven-acre getaway in St. Donat in southern Wales, offers three yurtlike dwellings called “cabans” and plans to build three tiny houses this year.
A third, “Being Patriotic,” tried to rally Floridians in favor of the Trump campaign.
Only about 10 percent of the visits in the analysis included one of these options.
The only way it can happen is if we have a successful negotiation on DACA, and secondly whether we get health care.” In some respects, Ms. Pelosi and Mr. Schumer are an unlikely pair.
My symptoms had progressed to a point where I could no longer work, and to where I needed a surgical procedure called deep brain stimulation (DBS).
He is the son of Marilynn S. Irvine, of Fair Oaks, Calif., and Frank Slavick of Ft. Collins, Colo.
RE: TRUMPLANDIA Mark Leibovich wrote about how Washington has — and hasn’t — changed in the time of Donald Trump.
California was once defined by the differences between Northern California and Southern California.
James Washington, Dillon Stoner and Marcel Ateman each had more than 100 yards receiving for Oklahoma State, which is No.
Palliative protocols aim to alleviate suffering.
2 who should have been No.
Rosita Missoni, the hardworking 85-year-old matriarch and co-founder of one of today’s great luxury fashion brands, is crouched in the mud of her vegetable garden, showing me her summer crops.
Many of those cases had fatal legal flaws, according to the consumer bureau.
Mr. Elliott, 82, and his wife, Jocelyn Elliott, were kidnapped by the group in Burkina Faso in January 2016.
But you love this so dearly.
At an earlier news conference, Chief Williams said detectives had talked to Mr. Stephens on the phone, but he did not elaborate.
In 2011, an American State Department report on human trafficking flagged the trainee program for what it said were inadequate protections against “debt bondage” and other abuses.
Last month, Daniel S. Loeb’s hedge fund, Third Point, said he would agitate for changes at Nestlé, and Jana Partners had earlier pressured the retailer Whole Foods to revamp its board.
In Wednesday’s speech, Mr. Trump hoped to highlight what his advisers said were three successes from his just-concluded trip to South Korea, Japan, China, Vietnam and the Philippines: attempts to unite opposition to North Korea’s nuclear ambitions; to strengthen economic alliances; and to insist on fair trade.
And he’s remarkable in how he’s learned and in his strength of character in going after it and staying with it.
Yet underneath this apparent success was a momentous shift in how the tech business deals with the world.
Translating her role into Yiddish was one of Mr. Kosky’s most inspired choices.
Senator Jeanne Shaheen, Democrat of New Hampshire, said Mr. Price had been “a rabid supporter of defunding Planned Parenthood” and “seems to have no higher priority than to terminate health coverage for millions of people.” As chairman of the House Budget Committee, Mr. Price supported proposals to shift Medicare away from its open-ended commitment to pay for medical services and toward a fixed government contribution for each beneficiary, which could be used for either private insurance or traditional Medicare.
The ever-present danger of an explosion — and the certainty that someone is going to be blown up at some point — creates an undercurrent of dread that the director does not hesitate to manipulate.
It raised the question about whether lawyers for the Turkish banker on trial, Mehmet Hakan Atilla, would seek to cross-examine Mr. Zarrab about the rape accusation in an attempt to undermine his credibility.
They also shared his anti-Semitism.
[ The New York Times Magazine ] • Pope Francis apologized for the Roman Catholic Church’s role in the 1994 Rwandan genocide, in which some priests and nuns participated.
The eight-hour waits for gas in the days just after the storm are now typically just a few minutes.
In “It Will All Work Out,” a wobbly, bighearted, cloak-and-chatter show at Dixon Place, Mr. Wells narrates tales from his life while modeling a series of whirling, spangled outfits.
And that’s because we have no defense.
Obamacare repeal is dead, again .
“This is our offensive, not the Maute or Abu Sayyaf’s,” he said, referring to two groups fighting in Marawi.
Mr. Proctor has a deep enthusiasm for Ms. Chow’s work.
But Picasso, who bought it for 5 francs, liked it in a twisted way: It was so bad that it was good.
But that doesn’t keep J. T. Rogers’s portrait of the backdoor diplomacy that led to the Oslo Accords from being a nail biter, or from inspiring hope.
Schools such as the New York-based American Academy of Pet Grooming charge about $5,000 for basic grooming lessons, which can take nine months, depending on how quickly students fulfill the classroom hours requirement, or more than $6,500 for more advanced grooming techniques.
We thought we made great strides in changing that, but haven’t changed it enough for them to treat us as women.
LARRY D. WOODS NASHVILLE The writer is a professor of criminal justice at Tennessee State University.
“Underground Railroad Game,” presented at Ars Nova, was an audacious exploration of slavery in the guise of a misguided middle school history lesson.
After the plane landed, a bus took us to a ferry, and beneath it we felt the sea.
Some conservative media sites have criticized the University of California for not cracking down on protesters from the left, and have lauded the tough stance taken by the authorities at Auburn University in Alabama.
These 12 streamable sitcoms are all binge-worthy.
Yes, Americans would pay more at the pump, but it is a smarter alternative than the Trump administration’s privatization plan, under which we will all pay more in tolls and fees to the private investors who would own our roads and bridges.
Rolex is “the watch you want on your wrist when you’re in a Third World country and revolution breaks out and there’s only one seat on the plane and there’s a guy standing there with a machine gun,” said Alexander Linz, editorial director of the Swiss-based website Watch Advisor .
They made up a larger percentage of the electorate than they represent in the state as a whole (29 percent versus 27 percent).
Calls for Mr. O’Reilly to be fired intensified as the day continued.
They also know the role they play in providing hope and encouragement to our entire community.” The Mets will wrap up a three-game series in Cincinnati on Thursday, and then travel to Houston.
Here, minor characters, many of them Indian, offer her pearls of wisdom and speeches that flatter her ego.
The last scenario — an insider leak from among the 35,000 N.S.A.
Timothy Shahid and Joshua Kalina met, went drinking, became friends and then had a falling out that lead to the murder of one of the young men, all in a matter of hours.
The collapse of oil prices has turned Oshikango into a ghost town.
I think it’d be a bigger Venn diagram in the States, with different things going on.
PG Can you distinguish this episode from the one after 9/11, when your show on ABC was canceled?
Hugh Hefner was a GIANT in publishing, journalism, free speech & civil rights.
It’s crazy when you look at it now.” After a remarkable run to the Wimbledon singles semifinals in 1999, however, Lucic-Baroni’s career suddenly fell apart.
He sees it becoming more like cable TV: dominated by big business, with less of the flexibility and innovation that made it so awesome.
But Mr. Barnett and his zoning lawyer argue that it allows for a slim tower of unlimited height as long as 60 percent of the building’s bulk is in a podium no higher than 150 feet tall.
“There’s no doubt about that.” During their presentations to Ohtani, the Angels discussed a detailed plan for his usage, going so far as outlining every day of the season he would pitch or serve as the designated hitter.
“There’s no sign of inflation, which keeps the Federal Reserve on hold in terms of interest rate hikes, and it suggests stocks should keep doing well,” Mr. Slok said.
And Mr. Trump walked into a new controversy with his declaration on Twitter that he and Mr. Putin had agreed to create “ an impenetrable Cyber Security unit ,” suggesting for the first time that the two biggest adversaries in cyberspace would somehow police it together.
No one can really guess what the future will look like.
“Your mother had a good life,” he says.
“He tagged the place as if it were a bridge,” Mr. Daly said admiringly.
This is why you’re on the team.” After the American goalkeeper Briana Scurry made a diving save, Hamm made her kick, and Brandi Chastain then stepped up for the decisive moment.
(Many Americans believe it’s pronounced Shar-day; it’s Sha-day.)
“As a responsible administration, it was our duty to examine this issue closely and make the appropriate decisions.” Critics of the bylaw said it was unfair, costly and confusing .
On Sunday, Mr. Puigdemont used a television interview to argue that Catalonia should have direct ties to the C.I.A.
In a phone interview, Charles said that changes in the employment marketplace, especially the rising demand for highly educated workers and the sharp drop in demand for those without college degrees, have been brutal for black men without a postsecondary education.
Bluntly put, Trump’s supporters, who were 90 percent white, can continue to put Republican candidates over the top only if an increasing number of minority voters stay away from — or are kept away from — the polls.
The Belgian choreographer Anne Teresa De Keersmaeker proposes a question: Can choreography be performed in the form of an exhibition?
In April, their Tax Day demonstrations dominated the news.
It has fired 20 employees in the last few months for transgressions that included sexual harassment.
“If they get some legislative successes, they’ll be fine,” said Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma, “and if they don’t, that’s when the real trouble begins.”
The investigations into the absentee voting process were conducted only in the Black Belt counties where blacks had finally achieved political power in the local government.
PG: But did we give the impression that a white working-class guy struggling to find a job was something we didn’t respect?
They were there with a group of motorcyclists doing a cross-country road trip.
The party’s far right claimed a victory on Tuesday night when Roy S. Moore, the former Alabama chief justice who was removed twice from the bench, won the most votes in the state’s primary election to fill Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s vacant Senate seat.
We are in a market that is very dynamic, and so far things are going well.
(Her previous works at Playwrights Horizons were the raucous “ Stage Kiss ” and the mysterious “ Dead Man’s Cell Phone .”) Here she is joined by the director Les Waters, who staged Ms. Ruhl’s Pulitzer-finalist “ In the Next Room, or the vibrator play ,” and by Kathleen Chalfant as the title 70-year-old who is still, somehow, a child.
If that means denying myself some things, that’s O.K.
All sports select genetic outliers and provide systems for their self-development.
The timing of the potential expansion is significant.
Long after the headlines fade and readers move on to the next big news event.
The House on Thursday narrowly approved legislation to repeal and replace major parts of the Affordable Care Act, as Republicans recovered from their earlier failures and moved a step closer to delivering on their promise to reshape American health care without mandated insurance coverage.
But this two-tiered system of haves and have-nots is poised for its biggest transformation in decades.
As his critics constantly stress, Nawaz’s timing was convenient; the British government was then looking to finance anti-extremist organizations and provided Quilliam with early funding.
“They have had other choices,” he added.
Greg Abbott and his wife, Cecilia, offered their condolences to the victims and their families.
Ever since 1962, when the two countries engaged in a brief but bloody border war, India has been highly suspicious of China and its intentions.
All of the annoying parts of air travel that adults normally dread can be the highlight of a child’s trip : the airport parking lot shuttle, the self-service kiosk, the baggage drop off, the security lines, the various X-ray machines and metal detecting rituals.
Kaepernick left the 49ers in the spring when it appeared he would be cut and is now a free agent.
Even determining how severely lands are affected and the estimated costs of remediation lay ahead in the weeks and months to come.
Auto dealers need to look for “ways of making ourselves more visual and ways of bringing the younger generation,” said Keith May, the president of Fletcher Jones.
Another awful postal moment, stirred by frustration or loneliness or impulse, loosely yoked to a political cause.
The company is familiar with the trend: The decline in cable subscribers has cut into subscriptions for Disney’s flagship sports network, ESPN.
Building jokes about rape, the Holocaust, AIDS and race, she used what she calls her “unreliable narrator” character to distance herself from her material.
The tech industry was booming and the worldwide web was becoming the white-hot center of American innovation.
Stocks plunged after the British vote in June to leave the European Union , and had a more muted decline, based on futures prices, after the Italian referendum last month, which strengthened the hand of politicians who want to take Italy out of the euro.
They bark because they do not know what else to do to in situations that cause stress, fear, anxiety, boredom or too much excitement.
Franco Falcinelli, the top-ranking vice president, will become the interim president.
With design thinking, the innovations come from those who actually work there, providing feedback to designers to improve the final product.
But there can be no doubt: He’s past the point of hugging.
Buoyed by robust global demand, earnings at publicly traded Japanese companies during the most recent fiscal year, which ended in March, rose to their highest levels since the 2008 global financial crisis.
When they are teenagers, they might never have seen a record.
“Twenty years ago, the center of town was still animated,” he said.
There has already been one documentary about its legendarily chaotic making, “The American Dreamer.” This one is based on anecdotes told to the director Nick Ebeling and covers some of Hopper’s later career as well.
The plan complements a campaign to add 57,000 modern public toilets nationwide by late 2017.
For them to be like: ‘He’s the champ!
Bill Skarsgard was calling from his native Sweden, where “It” — the much-anticipated horror film in which he co-stars — was set for a premiere in Stockholm on Friday.
“It’s not an apples-to-apples comparison.” While employer plans are usually fairly generous, other plans may require the patient to meet a high deductible before medical care is covered, for example.
Today, the same streets are eerily quiet.
After all, many of the women have the league to thank for their husband’s professional and financial success, and the wives of current players — about 30 percent of the women on the page — tend to be more upbeat about the league.
“We wanted to have a woman president,” she said in an interview for the New York Times podcast “The New Washington.” “But when we didn’t, then I couldn’t walk away and say, O.K., just let all the men have the seats at the table that are making decisions for our country.” [How to listen: If you don’t see an audio player on this page, or if you would like to subscribe to “The New Washington” at no charge, follow the instructions at the end of this article.]
“Connections are at the core of everything we do at Facebook and our relationship with residents of East Palo Alto is no different,” Juan Salazar, a public policy manager for Facebook, said in a statement.
Borough Market, a lively bar and restaurant district near the Thames, was reopening , less than two weeks after terrorists dressed in fake suicide bombs went on a stabbing rampage .
In Rakesh Satyal’s “No One Can Pronounce My Name,” his second novel after the well-received “Blue Boy,” we are given a portrait of the Indian-American experience filtered through the lens of three intersecting characters.
“They don’t want handouts.” Yet some of the basic income experiments now underway are engineered precisely to encourage people to work while limiting their contact with public assistance.
Later, in the parking lot of Magic City, the storied strip club that remains a proving ground for rap hits (and reliable source of dinner; it was before 6 p.m. on a Wednesday), Pee palmed stacks of $20s, $50s and $100s that had been bulging from Lil Baby’s pockets.
There was a vastness to Rakim.
The theater will anchor a “festival square,” over which it reaches with a dramatically cantilevered, 10,000-square-foot canopy, intended “to encourage gathering and outdoor performance,” according to the Montreal firm’s designers, Katsuhiro Yamazaki, 45, and his partner and wife, Manon Asselin, 50, who won the Prix de Rome architecture prize in 2008.
Although many women who take time off assume they can come back into the work force easily, even a few years off can have a lifelong impact on earnings.
All-Star Game next month is sure to be cluttered with players from both sides.
Each of the last three National League most valuable players — Kris Bryant, Bryce Harper and Clayton Kershaw — declined a chance to be part of the United States team, as did the two-time American League M.V.P.
A silver coin collection and a television set had been taken, as well as the painting, the authorities said, starting a journey to an anonymous antiques dealer’s kitchen wall.
One popular scam involved rigging oil trucks to push air, rather than oil, through their meters, creating false delivery receipts.
But the industry’s ability to do so is now in question.
Her family returned to Lithuania when she was 4, and she went on to play professionally there as well as for the Lithuanian national team.
But the 1002 area is also a critical habitat for much of the refuge’s wildlife.
As my very good friend Muriel Bowser, mayor of Washington, D.C., said at that event, “One election does not change who we are in cities in America.” My message to the cities of America and to the women of America is that there are millions of us around the world who will stand by their side in the fight against populism, against climate change and against the forces that would hold you back.
And many cities in Europe are taking this approach, extending the areas from which vehicles are prohibited.
European soccer’s governing body, UEFA, is concerned about Milan’s financial viability under its Chinese owner, and without a resolution Milan could face sanctions that include a ban from the continental competition it once ruled.
But if political action is meant to persuade people that Mr. Trump is bad for the country, then people on the fence would seem a logical place to start.
On the campaign trail, Mr. Trump criticized Hillary Clinton’s ties to Riyadh.
members come out with dissenting views in public like this,” said William Gumede, a political scientist at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg and executive chairman of the Democracy Works Foundation, a good-government group.
Which of the ones highlighted in this timeline do you remember?
One of the big questions is whether Mr. Trump will press for the return of Crimea to Ukraine and an end to Russian activity to destabilize the Ukrainian government — regular talking points for the past several years.
Most of the accused are from Cumhuriyet, including reporters, executives, a cartoonist and an accountant.
“There are no tricks to it,” said Mr. Bateman, who also directed four episodes and is an executive producer of this show.
“But it comes back to him insisting on being there and being the dad.
They must wind through the Legislature, then collect at least 7,500 pre-orders within a year.
Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s former chief strategist, made clear in a “60 Minutes” interview Sunday night that he considered Mr. McConnell and Mr. Ryan to be a significant part of the Washington problem, not part of the solution.
But I still know your birthday and your mother’s favorite song.
“We wanted to find a world-class institution, but also an organization that would be accessible to the community,” Paul Pariser, co-chief executive of Taconic Investment Partners, one of the complex’s three building partners, said in a statement, adding, “I.C.P.
They are often cited, correctly, as a big culprit behind what Lawrence Summers, the Harvard economist and former Treasury secretary, refers to as “secular stagnation,” an economy that is “stuck in neutral” and condemned to a mere 2 percent annual gross domestic product growth rate.
Among the groups sponsoring the march is Emily’s List, which supports female Democratic candidates at the local, state and federal levels.
The answer is MONEY TREE, which makes a reappearance in The New York Times Crossword for the first time in 60 years , since it appeared in a puzzle by the former editor Eugene Maleska, edited by Margaret Farrar.
After Rom and her husband, Reid Carron, retired from the largest law firm in the Twin Cities — she was a commercial real estate lawyer, he a management labor lawyer — they moved north in 2012 to a modern log cabin they had built on land her father bought decades before on Burntside Lake.
Now, take that to its logical conclusion.
“The more crowded the shelters get, it trickles to the street.” Mr. Wilson and Ms. Stefano found several people living under an overpass in Highbridge Park in Washington Heights in Manhattan.
A 2014 analysis published in JAMA Pediatrics examined data from many studies and concluded that bullying was linked to both suicidal thoughts and suicide attempts, with cyberbullying most likely to be linked to suicidal thoughts and behavior.
The singer’s identity is a well-guarded secret.
“Sometimes I feel angry and sometimes I feel upset, because we saw the bombs and everyone is denying it,” said Gokmen Erdem, 36, whose brother-in-law was killed on the night of the coup.
Here are single women who shoplift husbands, a mother who jettisons her daughter.
— and Harada writes occasional pieces in Spanish for the Steelers’ website — but it otherwise is not affiliated with the league, which Harada said he preferred.
The president of the University of Connecticut has warned that cuts included in a Republican proposal that reached the governor’s desk were severe enough to “simply decimate” the school.
The challenge for Hindu nationalists is to extend political strategy into social belief.
One person remained hospitalized, the police said.
During a support-group meeting for people left behind by suicide, Hope Litoff realized she was among a group of collectors.
“I rank pineapples quite highly as they are quite decorative objects, sort of colonial superfruits, with leaves that look like green fountains at the top,” he said.
“There was hesitation about that and rightly so,” he said.
Some were waiting their turn, but a couple of them, like a man in his 50s named Kevin, had already been cut and were just passing the time.
In the first few months of 2016, severe droughts and heat waves spread across much of southern Africa , triggering local food and water shortages that affected millions.
I hope she also kept a diary during those years.
Instead I grabbed a wad of napkins and offered to carry Lily’s cone back to our table so she wouldn’t drop it on the way.
Ever anxious to keep his patient in top form, first for the Nazis’ huge open-air rallies and later for vital meetings with top generals or world leaders, Morell plied Hitler not only with sundry quack remedies but also with near-daily injections.
‘‘People who haven’t had to do that have, say, read every last book up there from cover to cover and probably remember it.
MARTHA SCHWENDENER Through Dec. 10.
But Rwandan officials insist that such allegations do not absolve an unrepentant France.
Senator Jeffrey D. Klein, the leader of the independent Democrats, said on Monday that the idea that his group was siding with Mr. Trump “couldn’t be further from the truth,” adding that his members had voiced opposition to many Trump policies.
Men with flat brimmed hats and women in long dresses lined the Avenida Central as a carriage ferried his corpse to the cathedral.
Mr. Ibrahim faded almost immediately into the background, then disappeared completely as the horn section played “Vary-oo-Vum.” It’s a heaving, keyed-up Ibrahim composition that becomes a 12-bar blues in the solo section: classic bebop, rendered faithfully.
“I think the in-game activity is easy,” Farudi said, adding: “The secret sauce for us is how we keep fans engaged in off-season, during the week.” Christian Williams, 29, of Melbourne, Australia, spent $450 during the team’s crowdfunding round to be named one of 10 co-founders of the franchise.
In his first speech as president of the United States, Donald J. Trump declared , “From this day forward, it is going to be only America first, America first.” If you had taken his words at face value, you might have expected that big American companies that make nearly all of their money in the United States would flourish in a new, America First environment.
In Maplewood, N.J., the desire to keep all that space manicured is on a collision course with a longing for quiet.
And homeless students graduated at a rate of just 55 percent, while students with stable housing graduated at a rate of 74 percent.
— he would have had only a “modest chest,” because having a muscular chest was often associated with a “laborer, not a gentleman,” the study said.
Since coming to power in 2013, his government has locked up tens of thousands of opponents and effectively outlawed public protests.
_________ Teacher’s Note: This lesson plan includes several suggestions so that teachers can choose the resources that will be most helpful and appropriate for their students.
Governor Brown must scrap this bill.
“We urge you, our representatives, to prepare written objections for Jan. 6th,” the team wrote at the top of a 1,000-page legal brief.
They started out as brown, and they have something plum about them, but they’re weirdly neutral.
By 2016, the percentage of Republicans who felt this had tripled.
They tore Halima’s Somali passport.
The proposed new regulation is evidently intended as retaliation for reporting requirements imposed by the Department of Justice on the American affiliate of RT, the Russian state-run TV news outlet that American intelligence agencies say is a propaganda tool of the Kremlin.
• Is it even your responsibility to make your parents feel better about your need for autonomy?
That started to change in 2008, when American Airlines introduced a fee for a passenger’s first checked bag.
On Wednesday, we spoke with customers at Walmart stores in three communities — Las Vegas; Bloomington, Ind.
To propel, through self-detonation, bolts and nails into kids is a particular infamy.
But then things began falling apart.
I think the one person — I don’t think I’ve ever spoken to him.
On Monday, Mr. Kushner accompanied Mr. Trump as he spent hours with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Israel’s president, Reuven Rivlin, discussing how to accelerate efforts to achieve peace.
The shock waves from these transformations — harnessed effectively by Donald Trump’s campaign — are reorienting the political parties from the more familiar liberal-versus-conservative alignment to new poles of cultural pluralism and monism.
A reader can bring Katy Perry to life — reciting the work of Albert Camus, no less — by using a special app to scan her face, as the pop star stands alone, brooding, on a darkened Paris street.
The $110 million will be used for additional remediation measures, Wells Fargo said.
“Once that enemy is gone, then they don’t have the rationale any longer to keep this society in complete isolation.” That is not to say that the North Koreans don’t have a list of wants if and when they are offered a seat at the negotiating table.
When Ms. Jacobo took over she started with new coats of paint in the hallways and the classrooms — white and a light purple — to signify the new order.
You’re not supposed to be complimentary, but you’re supposed to cast a critical eye on folks who hold enormous power and make sure that we are accountable to the people who sent us here, and you have done that.
Ben Brantley likened this scattered show, which spans six decades and includes a bounty of showstoppers, to “hearing a rushed raconteur drop name after famous name.” 212-239-6200 , manhattantheatreclub.com ‘THE TREASURER’ at Playwrights Horizons (closes on Nov. 5).
Since the 2010 earthquake, Haiti has been hit hard by cholera , drought, floods and Hurricane Matthew , which wiped out crops, livestock, homes and roads along Haiti’s southwestern coast last year.
Mr. Shewey (left), 63, is a psychotherapist and writer in New York.
There’s not much to be gained from an internet-connected toaster or internet-connected coffee maker because I need to be in the room with it to grab the toast or coffee, anyway.
“They come in feeling pressure that could affect their performance,” she said.
Republicans don’t care about budget deficits, and never did.
They tell me if it will be a hard night or if someone will need special care.
since Scott Pruitt, the agency’s administrator, was confirmed.
As if in revolt, his finger grew red and raw, beneath the circle of metal.
Please put this dispute to rest.
Future generations, I’m so, so sorry.
Gustav-Gull Platz 2; 41-44-542-8899; jackandjo.ch Want a watch from outer space?
After students have chosen one strong match, invite them to meet in pairs or small groups to describe why they chose what they did, then ask them to write those explanations up for homework.
A lot of base hits.
Politicians call for prayers and bemoan senseless evil; critics denounce their appeals as cynical and skewer them for hypocritical complicity.
In her entrancing fiction debut, “Swallowing Mercury,” the poet Wioletta Greg achieves a form of literary alchemy that mesmerizes for its ability to situate us inside a personal landscape where both the eternal past and the unfolding present feel as if they can exist simultaneously.
She did not want her name published but said she welcomed attention to the plight of women like her.
But the new approval takes the testing a giant step forward.
“I have to push this rock.
Only a fraction of “Twin Peaks” old broadcast audience returned for Sunday night’s two-hour premiere of Showtime’s revival, which arrived more than 25 years after it was last on the small screen.
Yet, to govern a deeply divided nation, we need to elect politicians willing to reach a policy that few find totally satisfactory but most can live with.
There are regions of Nevada, Indiana and Ohio where no insurers wish to offer Obamacare plans next year.
Un promoteur immobilier, propriétaire du terrain après que la famille Baldwin en eût perdu la possession il y a plus de 10 ans, prévoit d’y construire trois immeubles et une piscine.
The races will be federal elections, usually with incumbents.
The fires could be seen from a distance.
I get really upset when I hear people complain [namely some members of the Lacks family] that Rebecca, or I or HBO, haven’t done anything.
“He juxtaposes the high and the low, the circus, and this always makes me think of Twyla’s choreography.” She treasures an Annie Leibovitz photograph of Ms. Tharp dancing in Central Park.
In a 2004 piece for College Art Association Reviews about a collection of Mr. Scully’s essays on modern architecture, the architect Jonathan Massey summarized the view of some critics when he wrote that “Scully’s tendency to universalize his own empathic response dehistoricizes his objects of study.” A passionate advocate for his favorite architects, Professor Scully often enlisted his commanding rhetoric to promote their work.
Now, the agency says it is finally ready to go after scofflaws.
Both Qatar and Turkey welcomed many Muslim Brotherhood members who fled Egypt after the 2013 ouster of Mohamed Morsi, a Muslim Brotherhood leader who had been elected president of Egypt the year before.
The painter Mark Bradford will be representing the United States at the Venice Biennale next month.
Graham dancers generally don’t talk onstage.
To which Oscar Barbour offered a useful idea: People should “let go of their personal stake” in a charged conversation.
Ms. Ball was buying vinyl wall coating last month in Madison, where campaign signs showing Mr. Justice in a coal miner’s helmet still hung near the center of town.
He needed it against the Yankees’ lineup.
If her feeling — and I believe this, because there are just too many things not on the list for me to believe this is canonical.
Angry investors say that they bought the bonds with the constitutional guarantee, and that Promesa does not give Puerto Rico the right to suspend its own constitution.
Earlier this year, she appeared on stage with Anita Hill at a sold-out event in San Francisco.
backed away from the venture after its bankruptcy in 2009.
International arrivals have more than doubled since 2000, and Bangkok is consistently ranked as one of the most visited cities in the world.
But if the brain recovers through a slow process similar to development, why do we provide — and only to those lucky enough to receive it — just a few hours of rehabilitation a week for six weeks?
He was named to the N.B.A.’s all-rookie team.
Let us know at briefing@nytimes.com .
Strange told the crowd of himself and the president, calling Mr. Trump “my friend” and wearing his signature “Make America Great Again” hat.
But long before there even was a New Orleans, another Southern city — Mobile, Ala. — was celebrating Mardi Gras in the run-up to Ash Wednesday.
In his adopted state of California, it is decreed by law : “The governor annually shall proclaim April 21 to be ‘John Muir Day.’ ” Born in Scotland on this day in 1838, Mr. Muir is perhaps best known for his naturalist writings and for cofounding the Sierra Club , the largest environmental organization in the United States.
He continued: “My commute now is I walk down the hall, close the bedroom door behind me.” More laughter.
• Warnings before London fire.
“My brother and I wore out three garage doors throwing tennis balls against them.
Originally thought to involve 2.1 million accounts from 2011 to 2015, the bank disclosed last week that as many as 3.5 million unauthorized customer accounts , dating to 2009, had been opened — nearly 70 percent more than originally announced.
“If I could find something flexible, I could work part time,” she said.
Cosmo DiNardo, above — who has been described by prosecutors, his own lawyers and the police as mentally ill — confessed and named a cousin as an accomplice.
In addition, keep in mind that you need only one great Times article to create a great found poem.
“We’re in a global talent war,” said Chris Whelan, chief executive of the Economic Development Agency in Wellington.
(They appear together on two tracks from Ms. Davis’s 2016 album, a collection of duets titled “Duopoly.”) HARRIET TUBMAN The Cell, Jan. 11 A month before the release of “Araminta” — a stern, turgid and mysteriously funky collection — the trio Harriet Tubman played to a packed house at this low-key performance space in Chelsea.
Politicians now wonder whether a tipping point has been reached, one that will force lawmakers and officials to clean up their act as they did after a scandal broke in 2009 over inflated expense claims .
Unfortunately, the tintype cultural giants he has assembled onstage offer no such thrilling deviations.
As the rival Palestinian factions Fatah and Hamas began unity talks on Tuesday in Cairo, one detail stood out as emblematic of the challenges they face: The delegation representing Hamas is led by a man who has been accused of plotting to overthrow the president of the Fatah-dominated Palestinian Authority, Mahmoud Abbas.
[ The New York Times] • Taiwan’s constitutional court will rule on whether same-sex couples can legally marry.
“It’s just trying to make sure that the government isn’t shut down.”
This is, as Yuval Levin put it, an investigation about itself.
“The Senate Intelligence Committee is the best place to determine the facts regarding Russian involvement in our elections,” said Senator Roy Blunt of Missouri, who sits on the panel and has been more aggressive than other Republicans in calling for a thorough inquiry.
I knew she’d love to.
If you had 20/20 vision, Dr. Cioffi said, it could diminish to 20/40.
But Webster will not let the cynicism of old age creep into his soul.
She is a daughter of Patricia K. Parker and Douglas K. Parker of Bloomington.
Also thanks to the A.C.A., I began buying my insurance through my state’s health care exchange website.
“It’s about the outreach into the schools and the many, many millions of kids, some of whom can’t read, some of whom are great readers, some of whom have never found a book they connected with.
By 1964, the government of India had identified some 300,000 Indian refugees from Burma.
Two walks and two hits given up by Keuchel, a muffed ball by left fielder Marwin Gonzalez and a terrible throw to second base by Yuli Gurriel combined to hand the Dodgers three runs.
Further, cadets have very strong incentives to perform well and avoid distractions, since class rank has a major impact on their job status after graduation.
I don’t believe that he is a warmonger in any way.
My savings were gone, my car engine had blown up and my cat was so depressed he was licking out patches of his fur.
player Derek Boogaard’s parents, who blamed the league for their son’s brain damage and addiction to prescription painkillers.
How about Mr. Lubovitch — what do you like about his style?
They also claimed to have found cocaine and heroin in Mr. Lopez’s refrigerator, a charge that Mr. Lopez vehemently denied.
The writer is chairman of the department of literature at Sarah Lawrence College.
And in kakgur, a soup with hunks of butternut squash broken down but still tasting bright, and cheese half vanished in the broth.
Total subscription revenue increased 14 percent in the quarter, to $247 million, partly because of digital subscription growth.
It was Sept. 7, 1964.
But he was interviewing for the job.
“But it was important to Sharon that she be married.
While the show’s main character is gone, several things remain: the docu-fiction aesthetic, the near-centrality of the Cali Cartel; and Pedro Pascal as Javier Peña, the hard-bitten D.E.A.
In addition to her work at the foundation, Ms. Halbreich will continue to oversee MoMA’s upcoming Bruce Nauman retrospective through its New York opening next fall and will retain her position as the museum’s adviser to the director during that period.
Across the globe, about $580 billion went to fixing Y2K.
“And I think that when Adelson purchased The Review-Journal, a lot of people took note of that.” The Adelson family has said it does not interfere in the paper’s operations or influence its coverage.
issues in-house, rather than by applying external pressure,” he said.
I’ve been coming to this annual event on and off (mostly on) for more than 20 years, and it’s now part of my cinematic life.
That would have been a little more than the amount of oil consumed and carbon pollution produced by the United States in a year, according to the Environmental Protection Agency.
Under Texas law at the time, prosecutors had a way to avoid a retrial and preserve the conviction — but only if they acted within a time frame set by the court.
The back wheel of Froome’s bike broke just as the AG2R team of his close rival Romain Bardet was picking up the pace before the last big climb of the day, a five-mile slog up the Col de Peyra Taillade.
Diana, one of the most photographed women in the world, whose every fashion choice was scrutinized by millions, evolved from girlish ingénue to glamorous international star — powered in no small part by her choice of dress.
Studying the Tsimane, Dr. Trumble believes, could shed light on this modern plague.
We are committed to education and the arts.
To use his favorite words, Mr. Trump is “a disaster.” “Sad.” OREN SPIEGLER Upper St. Clair, Pa. To the Editor: When Meryl Streep won the Cecil B. DeMille Award at the Golden Globes on Sunday night, I don’t recall seeing her political achievements in the video clip that preceded the presentation.
I strongly urge the Senate not to pass such harmful legislation, as there will literally be lives on the line.
General Motors, Volkswagen, Daimler and other automakers have put big bets on the market for electric cars in China in recent months.
“You know, there are those kinds of letters, I think, that — shape your attitudes.” He volunteered stories of other letters: a woman in Minnesota writing about her monthly expenses, a dad writing to say that his son had befriended an illegal immigrant and that the experience had flipped his own bigotry on its head.
In a restructuring world dominated by oil and gas companies on the one hand and retail on the other, iHeartMedia stands out.
When did you first get the idea to write this book?
I think he’s lonely, but it might be the screen that makes me think that.
Will a new flag make Staten Islanders feel better about their place in the sun, or at least in the big city?
They have to eke out room on teeming sidewalks and streets just to get anywhere.
When he collapsed, he was taken to the prison infirmary, where a doctor poured a liter of ether over his groin , burning his genitals.
Even more infuriating was Smith’s overall conclusion that Hume approached “as nearly to the idea of a perfectly wise and virtuous man, as perhaps the nature of human frailty will permit.” Smith had spent his life and career avoiding the kind of controversy and offense that Hume had reveled in.
The plant was violating all these rules.
She has now adopted the Haggler’s approach to mixing television and commerce.
Big Break An avid internet shopper, Mr. Goncalves would go online to buy avant-garde brands like Julian Zigerli from Zurich and Dusty from Finland, because he couldn’t find them for sale in New York.
Mr. Kim’s trip was his first reported public appearance since he visited the North Korean missile command last week and was briefed about its plan to launch four ballistic missiles to create an “enveloping fire” around Guam , home to key American military bases in the Western Pacific.
When Ms. Yarchin saw the episode based on her story “Paging Dr. Hart,” she told me, “I was smiling the whole entire time.” But the fan service of “FANtasies” goes only so far.
Please listen to the corresponding audio before quoting from it.
“The comparison is inapt,” Justice Ginsburg wrote.
I’d hear her saying, ‘I know you can do better than this.’” On Monday morning, administrators put up posters around the school so that students could write on them how they were feeling.
The industry is trying to cast this “gainful employment rule” as onerous and unnecessary.
The Tobacco Vapor Electronic Cigarette Association posted the commissioner’s remarks on its website.
He was a captain in the Army and from April 2008 to April 2009, completed a tour in Iraq, where he served as a platoon leader and executive officer for the 101st Airborne Division.
Unlike its predecessor treaty, the Kyoto Protocol, the Paris deal was intended to be nonbinding , so that countries could tailor their climate plans to their domestic situations and alter them as circumstances changed.
I could envision advertisements with headlines like “Luxury Inner City Building — Co-ops Starting at $4 Million.” I could envision a gossip columnist writing, “The gala drew a glitzy, moneyed crowd from the inner city.” Then I noticed the teenager, who was sitting across from me, texting with blinding speed.
“It would be wrong for Senate Republicans to jam through this tax bill without giving the newly elected senator from Alabama the opportunity to cast his vote,” Mr. Schumer said.
Ms. Moran, the president of the Songwriters Hall of Fame since 2001, said that Jay Z had previously been considered for a nomination.
The resulting schedule was as packed — seven events in eight hours — as it was brief.
At the same time, his employer informed him that his loans would be eligible for public service loan forgiveness.
“Pro: His old motto was ‘Make America Great Again.’ Con: His new motto is ‘Lawyer Up.’” — JIMMY FALLON “Pro: Seeing Trump at the G-20 summit.
On vacation in Palm Beach, Fla., she took Samuel, then around 4, to the Lilly Pulitzer shop and watched with curiosity as pink poplin turned a depressed child turn into a happy nymph.
He visited Yad Vashem, the museum and memorial to the six million Jews killed by the Nazi regime in World War II.
The book goes on sale Tuesday, Oct. 3, and already, his book-tour stop at Brooklyn’s Kings Theater has sold out — a far cry from the intimate crowds of his early career.
Their December 2016 NBER study, “ The Impacts of Neighborhoods on Intergenerational Mobility I and II ,” involved a much larger population than the widely publicized “ Moving to Opportunity ” research, and was designed to address some of the statistical questions raised about the earlier work.
Mr. Sanchez-Milian was issued a notice to appear before an immigration judge, but his hearing has not been scheduled, Mr. Bourke said.
In a short news conference, Mr. Rajoy called on Carles Puigdemont, Catalonia’s leader, to confirm his intentions, given what the prime minister called “the deliberate confusion” generated by the comments and actions of Mr. Puigdemont and other Catalan leaders on Tuesday.
“Since when has that ever stopped anybody from hurting someone?” Falk replies.
Some of the work can be set up in advance, Mr. Pagnato said.
This was not so long ago, and yet the world back then was still so unmapped: A traveler could and did wander through it like Pausanias, like Ibn Battuta, like the explorers who wrote the first drafts of the romance of movement, of the twinned danger and delight of finding oneself in a place where one was at the mercy of unfriendly but intriguing strangers.
Wichita State’s Marshall, who has repeatedly been linked to higher-profile jobs because of his success with the Shockers (26 wins a year, on average), once again left the window open for a possible move.
After you have posted, try reading back to see what others have said, then respond to someone else by posting another comment.
I felt much more motivated and focused, and I got more than all the rest of the years of my education.” CHARISMA GLASSMAN, Harvard Business School, ’16 “Every June, alumni of Princeton congregate to remember and celebrate their collegiate experiences at reunions that capture the spirit of going back to school.
Exhibiting the same unabashed confidence exuded by another New York developer who just took office in Washington, Mr. Macklowe reasoned: “I’ve never had a bad deal,” he said.
No advertiser has been a steadier presence on these pages than Tiffany & Company.
These essays chronicle her self-imposed exile, from the physical aspects of her move to Rome, to the literary alienation and self-discovery that accompanies working in a new language.
Follow @ nytimesphoto on Twitter.
Publishers snap them up and insist their authors bloat the contents to 80,000 words, at which point the original becomes flabby, misshapen and lame.
A number of brokers hung up when he told them what he was looking for and that he had 13 or 14 potential roommates but no absolute “yeses.” He also learned that actors’ reputation for being flaky partners on a lease was not totally undeserved.
He took particular issue with Mr. Sarimsakci’s decision to publicly promote his possible partnership with the Trumps.
Recently, two parents with a child who had the same birth defect, fibular hemimelia, went to one of his races to better understand potential solutions.
Be nice to Melissa and Kim while I’m gone.
It was Europa League, not Champions League.
That led to some questionable messaging, said Ms. Brown, whose organization spent about $200,000 to help organize on-the-ground mobilization efforts.
Two doors away, at 26-21 Jackson, Rockrose has installed Levante, an Italian restaurant from Stella Management Group.
An uninformed visitor might assume that Mr. Trump is a candidate in the coming election.
Eventually they did, and shortly after 2:30 p.m., Ms. Rasekhi walked into Terminal 4 and was immediately surrounded by loved ones, lawyers and journalists.
Portland first installed bottle-filling stations in 2013 and now has 16.
Ms. Bridge was soon handed a final card that read: “You are my bucket list.” The card instructed her to return to the bar where she and Mr. Berenstein had their first date.
On social media, Mr. McCain took a beating in the 24 hours after he said he would make the five-hour flight to Washington to vote for what many viewed as a bill to take away health care from poor people when Mr. McCain was receiving the best treatment available.
Prince Sihanouk of Cambodia , like Charles de Gaulle in France, still hoped to persuade America to pull out of Indochina.
The Kaiser Family Foundation estimates that premiums increased by 20 percent from 2011 to 2016, compared to 31 percent from 2006 to 2011 and 63 percent from 2001 to 2006.
The value and vulnerability of the infrastructure in harm’s way clearly contribute to the upward trend in disaster losses.
He vowed to crack down on illegal immigration, calling undocumented workers a threat to families and comparing them to terrorists .
Everything in that department was fine.
The Yankees recalled infielder Ji-Man Choi , who played 54 games for the Angels in 2016, from Scranton/Wilkes-Barre and added him to the active roster.
This shot was no different; it looked as if T-1000 from “Terminator 2” had challenged a Wang computer to a jumping contest.
“The nuclear war isn’t tonight.”
At the same time, Mr. Bush accelerated programs to get inside the long supply chain of parts for North Korean missiles, lacing them with defects and weaknesses, a technique also used for years against Iran.
The uptown exhibition is a great baseline introduction to Ms. Kusama’s sensibility, and its obsessive repetition and intuitive process.
The master has a spacious walk-in closet, a whirlpool tub and a door to one of several terraced gardens around the property, Ms. Bórquez said.
So both job-seekers and employers should approach these matters with a spirit of open communication and mutual respect.
You don’t hate someone without some kind of intense, thwarted love lurking somewhere as a flip side to that emotion.” But Murphy, a romantic at heart, seems to mourn the fact that the two women couldn’t (or wouldn’t) bury the hatchet, and that mournful emotion keens through the finale.
In March, Reese Witherspoon’s Type A character on “Big Little Lies” established her remove from pop culture when she hears Sade at a dinner party and mistakes it for Adele.
Education in prison has a resonance that reaches all those connected to a prisoner.
“Because it could happen to you.
In recent months, anger over rising drug costs set off a civil war within the pharmaceutical industry, pitting drug makers against other players in the health care system, including the little-known pharmacy benefit managers that negotiate with drug makers on behalf of insurers, large employers and government health programs.
Command struggles returned in Wednesday’s 6-5 loss to the Giants.
Now Flake is one of the prideful Republican rebels who are standing up to Trump on a daily basis, along with Senators Bob Corker of Tennessee and John McCain of Arizona.
Amazon’s policy will help undermine authors’ incomes even further if it directs customers to “new” books for which the author receives no royalty.
On this week, in 1981, six men gathered in a living room in Greenwich Village with a mission: stopping an unidentified plague that was killing members of their community.
In addition to reviews, features and news during the week, our critics and reporters collect the best of what they’ve heard: notes that sent shivers down their spines, memorable voices, quotations that cut to the heart of the story.
This saltbox sits on five acres in Quaker Hill, a hamlet of colonial homes and horse farms in the town of Pawling, anchored by a 1760s Quaker meeting house next door.
“We just want to breathe some fresh air into this,” Dr. Sander said at the time.
To the Editor: Re “ Trump Says He Did Not Record Comey ” (news article, June 23): You report that President Trump has now denied that he taped his conversations with James Comey.
As Mr. Vance notes, even that ultra-free-market, anti-big-government individualist Friedrich Hayek understood that government had health care obligations.
Lucie Rose Slesin Steinberg, the daughter of Suzanne Slesin and Michael Steinberg of New York, was married June 20 to Kamyl Bazbaz, the son of Alice Bazbaz of New York.
counterterrorism analyst who worked closely with paramilitary officers in Afghanistan and who lost three friends in the war.
In Monteverde, meantime, Mr. Parrello continues to fan the Pasolini flame.
The city is a mecca for circus fans because it was where the Ringling brothers grew up, it was the original winter quarters for Ringling and it is the home of the Circus World Museum .
State Representative Rafael Anchia, a Democrat who is the chairman of the Mexican American Legislative Caucus in the State House, said the best evidence that Senate Bill 4 preceded the rise of Mr. Trump was the series of federal court rulings since 2011 in which the Texas Legislature was found to have intentionally discriminated against Hispanics and African-Americans.
Mr. Turnbull said the council had agreed at a meeting on Friday in Hobart, the capital of Tasmania, that laws would be changed to ensure that there would be “a presumption that neither bail nor parole will be granted to those who have demonstrated support for or have links to terrorist activity.” “Violent criminals with terrorist links should not be walking the streets,” he said.
Or do we have some greater purpose?” In response to his boss’s attempts at rapport, Mike grunts and says things like “huh?” and “what?” Jack’s resentment builds; he can’t stand it whenever Mike takes a break to talk or text on his phone.
Nonetheless, the Yarnell Hill Fire , as it is known, has made it easier to use danger as a reason to move firefighters out of the path of flames, even if it means that communities may burn.
The study that led to approval enrolled 111 patients at 22 hospitals; 101 of them received Yescarta.
law professor who has worked closely with Mr. Acosta.
He added that John F. Kelly, the secretary of Homeland Security, “has noted that Congress is the only entity that can provide a long-term solution to this issue.” Immigration rights activists, who have fiercely battled Mr. Trump’s travel ban and increased enforcement of other immigration laws, initially hailed the announcement, calling it a surprising turn of events from Mr. Trump.
Their services have been part of contracts the union has negotiated with the Hotel Association of New York, including the current one that runs until 2026.
If you shopped at one, “you’d be classed as a poor family, and the kids would be horrible.” When Ms. Carr, a 28-year-old bank employee, moved out of her grandparents’ home, she found herself thinking much harder about her finances.
He was guilty of crimes that led to the grave injury of other service members, but after years of working with veterans with less-than-honorable discharges, I thought about how Sergeant Bergdahl, a disabled prisoner of war, would lead the rest of his civilian life.
Comedy This annual stand-up show benefits the Ovarian Cancer Research Fund Alliance and pays tribute to the comedian and actress Madeline Kahn, who died of that disease in 1999.
“The Greek collection?” “Yes,” Mr. Roberts said.
Though it’s hardly perfect — stumbling particularly with Pape’s films — it features galleries of exquisite beauty and command, especially in the early stretches.
With refrigeration equipment not functioning, cold-storage warehouses that held the chemicals began to warm.
“We’re tired,” she said, speaking on the telephone from a hotel.
“Pepsi was trying to project a global message of unity, peace and understanding,” the company said in a statement on Wednesday.
For Mr. Mugabe, the ballot was an affront.
(Picture book; ages 7 and up) LINES Written and illustrated by Suzy Lee.
“Symbolic gestures are not going to change the fact that we’re neighbors and that our countries will affect each other in perpetuity,” said Carlos Pascual, a former United States ambassador to Mexico.
The Chinese government will almost certainly try to prevent any grave site for Mr. Liu from becoming a place of pilgrimage for dissenters.
In the women’s tournament, Stanford and Mississippi State advanced .
Navigator was listed on an initial disclosure filed by Mr. Ross that covered his holdings through the end of last year.
“This is also about protecting the rights of the weakest in society,” he said.
Sua figlia doveva operarsi e sua moglie era malata di cancro.
“That was the first time I really thought this might be bigger than I anticipated.” The following year, he started a nationwide party tour called “Barstool Blackout.” The college students who attended danced under blacklights and occasionally — the obvious implication — drank until they blacked out.
There were a few offers to develop TV shows, but nothing came of it.
“I have 109 envelopes,” he said.
More than 80 percent of last year’s season-ticket holders came back, he said, and the team added 3,000 new ones.
She didn’t have a six-point lead in any of the 16 (sometimes low-quality) national surveys that went into the field on or after Oct. 23 and were completed before the Comey letter, including her steadily shrinking lead in the ABC/Washington Post tracker.
New York City, Rio de Janeiro and London are at risk as well.
If all of the holders of those options sold even part of their stock to Uber, Mr. Kalanick could control the votes of up to 9.9 million shares, or an additional 2.2 percent of that stock class.
The city’s public and private sector unions are likely to spend on favored candidates, but not until much closer to the Sept. 12 primary.
Both solar and wind power, which have always been broadly popular, are growing fastest in many Republican-leaning states — a trend that could do far more than endless scientific reports to break the deadlock around climate politics.
Thought to be one of about 300 such souvenirs of the day, it is estimated at $1,000 to $2,000.
“It’s just not the right thing to do.” As Mr. Brahin goes, so goes the nation.
Sharp-shouldered wool tuxedo coat dresses; tiers of black and white print (polka dots and stylized florals) with a ruffle or three for flou; red leather trench coats and leather bombers — they were all in there.
Raanta did not play as a result of a lower-body injury.
Debevoise’s compensation system, which pays partners according to seniority rather than revenue generated, will also be attractive to some former government workers.
“If, in fact, the company comes back to the commission asking for recertification, and at what cost, clearly the commission evaluates that versus natural gas or renewables.” In a statement on Wednesday, Toshiba said Westinghouse and affiliated companies were “working cooperatively” with the owners to arrange for construction to continue.
Their expressions are set in what might be called complacent resignation.
Conceived and directed by Tina Croll and Jamie Cunningham, and curated by Rajika Puri, the program investigates American choreographers, like Ruth St. Denis, Ted Shawn and Jack Cole, as well as early Indian dancers in America, including Balasaraswati, Ragini Devi and Indrani.
California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C.
Because they are using a special budget process, Republicans won’t be able to repeal all provisions of the health law.
That uncertainty apparently persuaded Mr. Trump to leap into the fray.
coach and TV commentator, drew diagrams on a screen for viewers watching San Francisco beat Cincinnati in Super Bowl XVI.
But that changed in February when the department, under the Trump administration, announced that it no longer believed Title IX required “access to sex-segregated facilities” like restrooms and locker rooms “based on gender identity.” The new guidance has had a big impact.
A positive verdict would present it with a real dilemma, however.
Elizabeth Anne Gocke and Nolan Ganguli Shenai were married Sept. 23.
The bill includes stiff new criminal penalties for people who sell or give marijuana to minors, or who create cannabis products that appeal to children or adolescents.
“Many look at how politics is done here, with a tie and a nice car and all the money and they say: ‘We can’t do that, we don’t want to,’” said Yimmy Ríos, 47, a rebel intelligence agent at the settlement.
Perks included generous paid parental leave, free organic food and a pet-friendly workplace.
România a făcut progrese mari în ultimii ani.
Bowman — what a name!
But the project failed to get funding or permits and was dropped shortly before the Republican primaries.
Tune in, and tell us what you think.
Alexandra Petri, the hilarious ComPost opinion writer at The Washington Post , has become very popular in recent years, and I hope to see her as an alternative clue soon.
“During the election, they were trying to create discord between Americans, most of it directed against Clinton,” Mr. Graham said, addressing Mr.
director, Mike Pompeo, is not mentioned at all in the reorganization order.
Professor Kimmel said his mother told him over dinner that she was harassed in graduate school.
The administration should do the same thing for Hobby Lobby and similar companies, the court said, emphasizing that the intended beneficiaries would suffer no loss of coverage: “The effect of the HHS-created accommodation on the women employed by Hobby Lobby and the other companies involved in these cases would be precisely zero.
He’d count the words in the death notices of rivals and obsess over whether his would be longer (it would), whether it would make the front page (it would) or be above the fold or below (below, alas).
“This museum has always thought of itself as another model, and I think right now especially, in these times, another model is the right thing to be,” she said one recent afternoon, visiting start-ups at the incubator, New Inc, in a warehouse building next door to the museum, where the museum will expand into new, raw exhibition space beginning in the fall.
“Throughout the game, people just assume that because it’s an easy thing to say,” he said of the Super 2 issue.
Caught in the act, the killer reaches for a rifle and starts picking off his observers.
In Puerto Rico, for instance, the pension funds are so short of cash that money contributed by working teachers basically flows straight out to retirees.
He seems to regard his cabinet as “fixers,” carrying out his wishes, legal or not.
The answer may be as simple as pricing.
After the French left Vietnam in 1954 and the country was partitioned, Dwight D. Eisenhower and, after him, John F. Kennedy sent billions in aid and advisers to support the South Vietnamese government under Ngo Dinh Diem.
Supported by state-sponsored air travel and security, candidates toured the nation, fielding questions, delivering speeches and staging debates — and, in a novel innovation for South Vietnam, enjoying equal airtime on the radio.
Other conductors have brought more intensity to the music.
Mr. Schell wanted to dive deep into Mr. Simpson’s tale, and approached Mr. Edelman to make a long-form film.
It’s amazing.” Cheryl Cutlip, who danced as a Rockette for 15 years and left the company in 2008, said that benefits were ushered in quickly after the TV company Cablevision bought Radio City Music Hall in 1997.
“I prefer to shop online,” she said.
Ms. Mao said she had once walked among cedar trees as a young woman.
It won’t be unbearably chilly — temperatures should stay in the 40s and high 30s — but Christmas Eve will be the clear weather winner, with blue skies and sunshine.
But congressional leaders fought these necessary measures every step of the way.
because he struggled at it, then found his calling.
Our correspondent says that doing so would shatter norms established after Watergate.
Some of the biggest companies in the world — Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon and Alibaba among them — are finding they need to play by an entirely new set of rules on the once-anarchic internet.
You can sign up for these and other Times newsletters here .
“These guys are serious about improving their skills,” Green said.
• Here’s a snapshot of global markets .
But, she added: “We have so many more demands.
(I was thrilled I could keep the cat, but I didn’t want to cheer too loudly.)
At the next timeout, each side of the arena alternated the “Rock Chalk Jayhawk” chant so often heard at Kansas’ Allen Fieldhouse, a scant 45 minutes away.
The devastating suicide attacks on Sunday in the heart of the Middle East’s largest Christian community suggested it has found a solution: the cities of mainland Egypt.
He still kiteboards regularly and plays golf.
Ten more women piled out after her, at a spot on the border of Agoura Hills and Malibu, in Southern California.
We know that certain gene variations elevate the risk of addiction to various drugs.
No rules govern the exact balance between people’s right to determine their political future and the maintenance of existing states and borders, but something of a consensus has developed against breaking up a state that is law abiding and respectful of human rights.
She voted for Mr. Trump and even sent him a check during the campaign.
Mr. Trump won overwhelming support from white working-class voters, who believed that he was on their side.
How may this have affected the labor-force participation percentage?
■ Teach yourself to cook with these five starter cookbooks .
The religious right will become, in effect, a conservative religious PAC that will be able to accept large donations from millionaires and large corporations to push its agenda, leaving secular political activists at a distinct disadvantage.
This year, the president of Microsoft, Brad Smith, called for a digital Geneva Convention to push back against a raft of political hackings that have targeted elections in the United States and Europe.
At least that is the impression given by the many, many thousands who thronged around Buckingham Palace.” That was a dispatch in The New York Times in 1947 on the day before Princess Elizabeth of Britain married Lt. Philip Mountbatten, the Duke of Edinburgh.
The move, once unthinkable among senators, is a testament to the creeping partisan rancor in recent years, after decades of at least relative bipartisanship on Supreme Court matters.
Others contract with casinos in Atlantic City, Pennsylvania and Connecticut to deliver gamblers from early morning until late at night.
They implore fans to show support by sending virtual gifts, which translate into payments for the stars and help determine rankings on live-streaming sites.
But Mr. Trump has shown a willingness to overlook the killings, and has praised Mr. Duterte for doing an “ unbelievable job on the drug problem .” Leaders of the Philippine armed forces prevailed on Mr. Duterte not to reduce military cooperation, including a longstanding United States program to provide training, equipment and intelligence to fight terrorism.
Dalad Banner is not the sort of place that at first glance looks like a home for high-tech work.
LeBron James scored 35 points, Kyrie Irving added 24, and the Cleveland Cavaliers picked up where they left off after a long layoff by throttling the visiting Toronto Raptors, 116-105, on Monday night in the opener of their Eastern Conference semifinal series.
Fox meant leadership on the court, an indictment of Cousins, but losing franchises typically suffer from poor guidance from the top down.
Almost every major luxury watch brand has an archive.
I was raised by an American.
Since 2007, while he was a ballet master at the Mariinsky, he continued to stage his versions of the classics for other companies, including the Bolshoi , La Scala and Perm Ballet.
Few factories in the area employ more than 300 now.
Three other Republican senators voiced concerns.
But we, Helena and I, remember it as if it were today, and I can’t explain why.” The explanation for Reyes’s precise recall is the very lack of normalcy she refers to in her childhood.
She held the post for two years.
While I don’t speak Amharic, I found the performance engaging.
(Bad call on Edie the white-out huffing I.T.
These are edited excerpts from the conversation.
Even before leaving, Agnes’s mother was often absent or inaccessible.
“He said the damage to my respiratory system of biking for 30 minutes, twice a day, almost certainly outweighs the health benefit.
His voice was loud and shrill, almost feral.
He used to tell me he wasn’t someone who ever really felt happy.
hacking tool, known as “Eternal Blue,” affected a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows servers.
In 2011, photographs published by The Star-Ledger caught him using a state helicopter paid for by taxpayers to attend his son’s baseball game.
“We’re trying to give something to the guest.” For his part, Mr. Ragan said he understood how uncomfortable the tasting moment could be, and he applauded Ms. O’Neal for what she was trying to accomplish.
“Rubbed-balloon sound” might not seem like a sonic texture you’d place much stock in if you were creating a musical work.
But first, Hornblower, the company that the city chose to operate the service, must complete the fleet and assemble it in New York Harbor.
Chain ice cream stores filled the gap when it closed, but Nicholas Larsen, an alumnus of Telepan and Blue Hill, has opened an independent shop in the neighborhood with his wife, Petrushka Bazin Larsen.
Mr. Montgomery is a stringer, a journalist who is not on staff at a news publication but works on an as-needed basis, often doing the legwork at the scene of a breaking news story and providing “string,” or content, for stories.
Mr. Benmosche, a former MetLife chief, was lured out of retirement to pick up the pieces.
“An open society is by choice more vulnerable than a closed society to some form of influence operation,” said Mr.
Gen. William Westmoreland sensed this buildup and asked Johnson to increase United States troop levels in Vietnam.
He referred questions about the outcomes of the cheating complaints to a university spokeswoman, who said she could not discuss the cases because of student privacy.
A three-quarter-length portrait is a biographical mystery: out of a coal-black background, an anonymous gentleman in a soft hat and gray mantle looks suspiciously off to the side.
Their excuse of protecting themselves against loss from no-shows and last-minute rescheduling is hardly credible in view of the exorbitant fees they impose on passengers who don’t turn up for a booked flight.
These actors all have one goal in mind: to gradually erode the rebels’ hold on the border area, until it collapses.
Mayor, this election is not about Donald Trump.
JA And I could write to Merv Griffin and Mike Douglas and tell them both they were my favorite talk show hosts.
He now has 21 home runs, the most in the major leagues, in 209 at-bats.
• Fares are also rising on the Long Island Rail Road and Metro-North Railroad, and tolls are increasing on the authority’s tunnels and bridges.
(Middle grade; ages 9 to 12) “No mother is finally buried until her child climbs out of the grave,” Cammie O’Reilly, the protagonist of “The Warden’s Daughter,” says.
Or: Promise me you’ll be O.K., Dad.
“We’ve never advertised,” Ms. Sinclair said, “but business has been good since the store opened.” A beef patty was 65 cents when she started working there 30 years ago.
Clement Benny’s drumming bears hints of Balkan rhythm and second line.
Karma, 188 East Second Street, Manhattan; 212-390-8290, karmakarma.org.
Over the years, a wide circle of Mr. McDonald’s friends have gotten updates on the latest disposals.
Most of them are coming to school high.
At issue is whether the funding changes should be compared to the increases that would occur under current law, the Affordable Care Act, or whether the focus should be on the modest annual increases that would happen under the Republican bill.
My grandmother commented on how much better silent films had been than the films they were making then.
“Do It Again” from Steely Dan’s 1972 debut album, “Can’t Buy a Thrill,” reached the Top 10.
“Feel that satin interior,” she said, running the back of her hand across its cream-colored bodice.
“As for the music,” he said, “some of it’s beautiful.”
A recent analysis using large-scale data identifies cable television news as a major contributor to polarization.
In the Rust belt, millennials are disproportionately white non-college voters and their defections from the Democratic Party parallel those of their elders.
To discourage that, the K.G.B.
The Obama administration, which took sweeping steps last week to punish the Russians over election hacking, will release a report this month that is likely to serve as a turning point in those discussions.
And with tears and anger, she lashed out at the man who shot her and killed her husband during a traffic dispute last year.
In one interview, a man who identified himself only as Artemio and as an “electrician and rescuer” told her that he had heard the voice of a girl.
The firm already clears Bitcoin futures, one of the few banks on Wall Street to do so.
He sometimes shouted obscenities and excoriated employees in front of others when they made mistakes.
They won the title in 2004.
For Italian historians, this was a glorious chapter in their country’s history, a heroic national struggle, brilliantly planned and executed, leading to the creation of a liberal democracy.
That’s what happens when you get a Kenyan-born doctor.
“It’s a broad recovery, and it will continue,” said Vladimir Osakovsky, chief Russia economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Brown performed it with a man (Bill T. Jones or Mikhail Baryshnikov); now it’s given by two women, Cecily Campbell and Jamie Scott of the Trisha Brown Company.
Many Silicon Valley firms remain hesitant to be seen as working too closely with the Pentagon out of fear of losing access to China’s market.
But glamorous as it was, the ad business wasn’t the best deal for the companies that were paying for the ads.
It is critical for disabled people to find a sense of community.
It’s very interesting to watch conservatives who rail against federal spending throw themselves in front of any bill that eliminates money for something in their district.
Although he clearly did his research, Mr. Gardley is not interested in naturalistic docudrama.
Decades later, shortly after 9/11, Berger wrote about the hazards of mistaking that ideology for reality.
The couple met at a Halloween party in 2013 at Baghdaddy’s, the lone bar at the United States Embassy in Baghdad, while Ms. Arkell helped managed international development projects for the State Department’s Iraq office and Mr. Anderson worked as an attorney-adviser on bilateral issues.
In Mr. Bataillon’s sensitive camerawork, the screen alternates, excitingly and musically, between long shots showing the full company and full-length views of leading dancers.
She will succeed Graydon Carter , 68, who said in September that he would step down after a 25-year run at the helm.
After the fall of the Iron Curtain, A. Lange and other fine watchmakers began to return, and found a market among aficionados of fine watches for whom the name Glashütte still had mystique.
But her loyalty to Sears has been tested after her recently purchased Kenmore refrigerator needed repairs twice.
“Good or bad, we could know by Facebook.
“When you have those teams recruiting better and the Big Ten being a brighter star,” he said, “then the rest of the conference also improves in terms of their national appeal and brand.” One way for the Big Ten to sustain its current level of competitiveness might be not to buy into the hype that it has become this competitive.
“It’s like a piece of art, where the idea is the most relevant.
But it doesn’t mean I’ll be wearing the same thing for 20 years.
Nearly every economist I spoke with said the risk of these left-tail events had risen.
Like the “Purge” movies, about people unleashed on a government-set schedule to get crime out of their systems, “Get Out” was made by Jason Blum’s Blumhouse Productions , which has a model of making movies for relative pennies, allowing filmmakers more freedom.
_________ What Ms. Avery did and why, in her own words I think the first year our students submitted found poems for the contest was 2013, when we were delighted to have three winners and one honorable mention.
Donald Trump Jr. once referred to Congresswoman Maxine Waters as looking “ like a stripper .” Another strategy of dismissal is to portray these women as mere ideological, party-serving puppets, rather than as fierce advocates with their own opinions and power.
One major shareholder advisory firm, ISS Proxy Analysis, has recommended that investors vote against 12 of the 15, including the chairman, Stephen W. Sanger, a former chairman of General Mills.
“I really just needed him for the save tonight,” Maddon said when asked why he did not bring in Davis to take on Turner.
“There’s still a ways to go, but everything that we hoped would happen has happened.” Dong has plenty of company.
It is, however, a good illustration of the entrenched reality of practices that have discounted, demeaned and derailed women’s work lives for decades.
“The reason we are where we are is a kind of bread and circuses aspect to football.” “It’s a hard row to hoe,” he concluded, “but maybe, maybe, if we keep doing the research …”
Mr. Andrés left the island only a few times, the first after 11 days on the ground.
“The book gave me my mantra, which was ‘Don’t be down the middle.’” Even more foundational is a 60-year-old photograph on his desk.
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who participates in the pool, has cautioned against overstating the clerks’ roles in evaluating petitions seeking review.
Personnel evaluation systems were essentially nonexistent, with nearly all teachers being rated “satisfactory” after a perfunctory review.
A single news van was camped outside.
At the San Antonio school, Michelle McGowen said she could live with the likelihood that her home was lost.
Some people buy them because they have a milk allergy or lactose intolerance.
10 a.m. to 6 p.m. [Prices vary] • BUST Magazine hosts the BUST Craftacular — a music festival and crafts fair with demos and workshops — at the Brooklyn Expo Center in Greenpoint.
But I carried the taste of soda and starch for a while.
None of them have written for “Thrones,” though Mr. Martin is also working on scripts with Ms. Goldman and Ms. Wray, as well as cocreating Mr. Cogman’s adaptation.
The arrest comes as tensions in the region have risen over a series of North Korean nuclear and missile tests, which have defied international sanctions aimed at curtailing the weapons programs.
Cleveland had its American League-record record run stopped at 22 straight games on Friday as the Indians were beaten, 4-3 , by the Kansas City Royals, who became the first team since the Boston Red Sox on Aug. 23 to best the defending league champions.
“When I was still in high school there were so many discothèques here,” he said.
Because banks usually keep those obligations off their books, they have greater flexibility to lend to more speculative projects and use the proceeds to pay higher interest to investors — provided that the more speculative borrowers repay their loans.
Aktes zum Beispiel geriet Pappano in höchste Begeisterung, was mit Kaufmann, trotz seiner gesanglichen Finesse, nicht ganz zusammenpasste.
In 2014, an American citizen, Jeffrey E. Fowle, was arrested and accused of leaving a Bible in a hotel.
Nearly four months after Prime Minister Theresa May invoked Article 50 , starting the clock on a two-year window to negotiate Britain’s departure, little or nothing of substance has been accomplished.
That’s what it comes to.” Smith and I had decided to experience everything the Mermaid could provide.
6, on which the train was traveling, had sliced through the floor of a car, officials said.
“When did you ever hear about anything like this?” Mr. Olilish, sitting outside his home in Longsight, east of Rusholme, says he believes his generation is “well integrated.” “It is not like London,” he said.
The acquisitive Chinese conglomerate HNA Group moved to allay concerns about its ownership structure on Monday by releasing a statement showing that its biggest shareholder had recently shifted from a mysterious businessman to a foundation it set up in New York.
“What’s important about this for children is the logic.
Claude Lanzmann’s “Shoah” spreads its interviews out over more than nine hours, implicitly acknowledging the limitations of making a Holocaust film even as it serves as a record of survivors’ memories.
“Uspud” — perhaps a parody of Flaubert’s “Temptation of St. Anthony,” the program notes suggest — is fitted with an elaborate scenario in which Uspud, a persecutor of Christians, converts to Christianity only to be torn apart by demons, his soul thus freed to join Christ in heaven.
That would be the first feature he ever showed at the Elgin; no one showed up.)
Check out our full range of free newsletters here .
“The racial predominance inquiry concerns the actual considerations that provided the essential basis for the lines drawn,” he wrote, “not post hoc justifications the legislature in theory could have used but in reality did not.” Justice Kennedy noted that the case had some curious features.
An Argentine businessman convicted in the United States’ FIFA case carried on in testifying against three former soccer officials at trial on Thursday, a day after breaking down in tears on the witness stand.
Almost certainly, the events that helped set Salman Abedi on his hauntingly familiar path, from quiet boy in a strict Islamic household to troubled young man to, eventually, suicide bomber, began there.
As I wrote this week, the complicated election system the party will use makes it difficult to handicap its leadership race.
Philip Murphy, a Democrat, will face Kim Guadagno, the state’s Republican lieutenant governor, in the November battle to replace Gov.
“1 in 8 women get breast cancer.
And I struggle with that.” Of course, the reason Mr. Garfield is getting such plum parts is because he is ascending that hierarchy, despite himself.
And that will also give me a blog [post].
But what does it mean to be truly “independent” in the hyperpartisan 21st century, when nearly everything in American life seems to end up as a mark on the political scorecard — pro or con, win or loss, Republican or Democrat?
Drivers around the world are willing to pay a premium for the German brands because of their reputation for precision and craftsmanship.
By these measures Britain has some real weaknesses.
It’s virtually unusable on a mobile device.
On Friday, the administration announced it would no longer release White House visitors’ logs that have been available for years.
2’ has all the digital bells and whistles as well as much of the likable, self-aware waggery of the first,” Manohla Dargis wrote in The New York Times .
You have to go through me.” — DAVID HALBFINGER
I encourage you to watch it.
France granted them asylum in May.
A few excerpts from the conversation: Q.
“He’s like you: simple, humble and he wants to be great.” That humility was evident during his interactions Saturday, when after introducing himself in English, Ohtani said through an interpreter that he forgot what he was going to say because it was his first time talking in front of a large crowd.
“I’m officially embarrassed,” one Red Wings fan, Brent Latam, wrote on Twitter .
Ears taped, mouthguard in, I held on to another big bloke and pushed.
Derrius Guice rushed for 138 yards, including a 70-yard touchdown run, and caught a scoring pass as No.
Many people would have just not voted.” Petitions began circulating almost immediately.
He tried to clear her mouth of dirt.
He said the officer fired when the car was “moving forward as the officers approached,” according to The Associated Press.
In interviews, he admitted to struggles with alcoholism, an addiction to cocaine and nervous breakdowns.
“I remember screaming and yelling and praying to God for them to stop but to no avail.
They found large negative results in both reading and math.
So somewhere in the course of two minutes lies the secret to making footage tied to a familiar story go viral: a mix of callbacks and cameos with fresh suspense.
All of a sudden, I felt I just couldn’t carry the weight.
“Jonathan Strange and Mr. Norrell,” Susanna Clarke Like Jane Austen’s huge lost fantasy novel about the return of magic to England.
There is no more tenuous comfort than that which rests on the possibility of another’s remorse.
For years, Justin Boyan worried about the effects of climate change but focused on his wife, his two daughters and his work as a computer scientist in Rhode Island.
For Ricks, the relationship is essentially about freethinking.
The Kansas City Chiefs moved up 17 spots by acquiring the 10th pick from the Buffalo Bills for three other picks — the Chiefs’ 27th overall spot and a third-round pick this year, and a first-round pick next year.
It is important to point out that Mr. Weinstein was within his rights to question how these initiatives were structured.
Follow along for the latest updates.
In May he parted ways, by mutual agreement, with his entire coaching staff.
The move to “ radio digitization ” was decided by Parliament in 2011, and a timetable was announced in 2015.
A surprising sequence of picks worked in the Jets’ favor, and when it was their turn to pick, there was no debate, no hesitation.
Watching this production’s overtaxed ensemble perform vignettes from different musicals, in an oppressive succession of themed wigs and costumes, is like hearing a rushed raconteur drop name after famous name, without bothering to explain their significance.
Sign me up!” For real, though, I do wonder to what degree technology has advanced that we’re worried about hard drive bombs and the like.
The former officials expressed their concerns on Monday to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, based in San Francisco, which is considering the matter after a judge in Seattle effectively ruled that travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations as well as vetted refugees from all nations could, for now, continue to enter the United States.
Through my friends at CRG Gallery, who represent him.
Voyagers’ cameras are now turned off, but the probes continue to report back on the conditions in deepest space.
Davis won in its first N.C.A.A.
The next questioner wondered if all she had been through across her 37 years — from the early dreams of escaping poverty in Compton, Calif. — might help her going forward, at least on match days.
officials said, and the announcement was a step toward that.
— What impact will the president’s speech have on the United States?
I think it’s worth mentioning that this is as close as we’ve come to seeing Mark give some sort of political statement in a rather charged environment.
He added that the material is “flame retardant, so it doesn’t catch fire as easily, but the temperatures you’re talking about are often 900, 1,000 degrees centigrade, and in those conditions, any material will generally burn.” After the Camberwell fire in 2009, which killed six people, a parliamentary group called for a review of fire safety rules, and an inquest advised the government to require that older buildings be retrofitted with sprinklers.
— DAN BILEFSKY and ILIANA MAGRA The hurricane is expected to be Category 4 when it makes landfall in Florida on Saturday, the National Hurricane Center said.
“But there’s a long game to be played, and Mr. Carney is not convinced that Brexit is going to be anything other than harmful for the U.K. economy.” Lifting interest rates tends to increase the value of a nation’s money, as investors arrive seeking higher returns.
Jackson and Hannah Diamond of Britain are sailing on Vestas 11th Hour Racing with seven men, including Enright and Mark Towill , former Brown University teammates from the United States who are leading their second Volvo campaign.
One is with Ms. Coulter and the groups bringing her to campus, the Young America’s Foundation and the university’s College Republicans.
Pioneered by Toshiba nearly 40 years ago, so-called NAND flash memory has become one of the crucial building blocks of modern electronics, essential to storing data in smartphones and other gadgets.
Would the United States really want to up the ante a second time?
At one point he beamed onto a screen selections from sworn testimony that Mr. Davis had given in 2015 to agents for the Security and Exchange Commission in which he denied ever providing insider information to Mr. Walters.
It is in fact the premise of the advertising businesses that account for some 90 percent of their revenue.
Reached at his Rochester, N.Y., studio, Mr. Paley said outdoor art personalizes communities.
Someone’s got to save Bikini Bottom, after all.
Also taking a shot are Cloud Computing, who was third in the Wood Memorial; Multiplier, the Illinois Derby winner; and Senior Investment, who won the Lexington.
But after two days of unrelenting attacks on General McMaster by conservative activists and news sites, complete with the Twitter hashtag #FireMcMaster, the president weighed in to quash such talk.
Zelinsky, a prosecutor on Mr. Mueller’s team, said at Mr. Papadopoulos’s plea hearing this month.
The media mogul Rupert Murdoch is on the phone every week, encouraging Mr. Trump when he’s low and arguing that he focus on the economy rather than detouring to other issues.
It would be difficult to avoid having the proceeds of illegal activity touch the United States in some way, which is one reason the Justice Department set up a kleptocracy team in the money laundering and asset recovery section of the criminal division to pursue these cases.
On this day in 1969, the U.S. said its $500, $1,000, $5,000 and $10,000 bills would be discontinued .
Le Pen from reaching the presidency — a French political tradition known as the “Republican Front,” in which mainstream parties ally against the far right.
stands for Return on Investment.)
Reconstruction’s enfranchising policies were a “tragedy,” Pike wrote, nothing but “the slave rioting in the halls of his master.” His “objective” reporting caused many once sympathetic Northerners to demand a national reunion based on white rule.
No matter where you are, it seems everyone complains about inaccurate forecasts.
Some say he’s been a better generator of social media content than a midfielder.
But a complex legal battle ensued among the Baldwin family, relatives of Ms. Faure and a woman who had worked as Ms. Faure’s housekeeper.
I have the freedom to do that because of people like you who are committed to protecting our liberties and our Constitution.
She had two arms and two legs!” Nancy Casey, 41, a nurse practitioner in Portland, Ore., isn’t fazed by garbage.
Talitha Bateman, Anthony LaPaglia and Miranda Otto star.
The infamous Zoot Suit riots, a series of racially motivated attacks against Mexican-American youths in the summer of 1943, figures in as well.
“I was attracted to these landscape paintings that were trying to describe a really intense moment historically, of what this country was becoming, on all these different levels,” Ms. Mehretu said.
■ 32D: I don’t think we’re talking gardening here.
Texas Tech University System Board of Regents, $85 million of revenue financing, system revenue and improvement bonds.
Kim Jong-nam, the half brother of the North Korean leader, was killed with VX nerve agent , the police in Malaysia said.
And the bats were certainly out on this recent night — indistinct and inaudible though they were.
The rest of his portfolio includes several Bouchon bakeries and restaurants around the country, and a plethora of side hustles.
They wanted to shoot the full eight pages in one shot.
He then clambered over the prison wall and lowered himself to the ground using a rope, officials say.
BY the time the Mariposa Battalion was disbanded later in 1851, it had cost the California government $259,372.31 and killed at least 73 Native Californians, according to Professor Madley.
We also look at a debate over the different treatment Nate Parker and Casey Affleck have received.
The couple met via a mutual friend in 2012.
In May 2014, after examining the study, Bernd Gottweis, Volkswagen’s head of product safety, wrote a one-page report.
Still, the latest payroll data underscores the striking rebound at American factories, which lost more than two million jobs in the recession, but have clawed their way back and recovered more than one million positions since 2010.
Translated by Miranda Richmond Mouillot.
Its namesake, though, lives on.
The biggest of Kahn’s secrets, one that in recent years has threatened to swamp more nuanced discussion of his work, was a sociosexual one.
Ohio State Coach Urban Meyer was livid after the game about Barrett’s injury and called for an investigation.
Email us at thedaily@nytimes.com .
It is below them where the real problem lies.
We’ll get through this season together.
The result crystallized a long-held feeling among Scots that a right-wing Conservative government in London did not represent them and their more-progressive sensibilities.
Mr. Maduro, in a rambunctious, rambling address in the capital’s Bolívar Plaza, declared that the final count would show that his party had won more than 300 of the 335 seats being contested.
I was confident that at the very least we’d expand background checks or make it harder for people with mental illness to obtain guns.
The world is about to end.” But liberals, too, could be misguided, she suggested.
Mr. Trump’s version of reality got a boost: There was no such thing as truth, only a battle of opinions proffered by different actors, each of whom strives to be loudest.
But the Warriors have a lot of stars and only so much money under the salary cap to spread around.
Some recent manosphere rant or manifesto is held up for inspection and then broken down into snippets and interspersed with Futrelle’s commentary, designed to bring the absurdities of the target into view.
Rather, such artifacts of history should be left standing as a reminder that following one’s conscience and doing one’s duty may not always put one on the right side of history.
After school, he moved to Los Angeles to work in the promotions department of Paramount Studios but quit after a year.
Public statements and messaging documents obtained by The New York Times show a concerted push by Republican lawmakers to discredit a nonpartisan agency they had long praised.
(Nearly all of the county lies in the path of total eclipse; Wickliffe is about a mile outside).
6293, rue St.-Hubert; 514-560-4223; candidecafe.com .
He loved the portrait — “Sargent at his very best, and poor old H. J. not at his worst,” he wrote — but one viewer hated it.
Her father is a financial management specialist for the Los Angeles controller’s office.
“Drug coverage under Medicare will allow seniors to replace more expensive surgeries and hospitalizations with less expensive prescription medicine,” he said.
Archie Comics should be applauded for how this openly gay character has been depicted since his debut in 2010.
“We kids would always talk about what it would be like if one of them died and the other was still alive,” Mike Rippey, 71, said.
In addition to their daughter Erika, who is also a writer, he is survived by another daughter from that marriage, Jessica Vild; a stepdaughter, Ali Rubinstein, from his second marriage, to the former Carol Rubinstein, a TV producer who died in 1991; and four grandchildren.
A federal judge said on Thursday that the Trump administration’s temporary ban on travelers from six predominantly Muslim countries and on refugees should not prevent grandparents and other close relatives of residents from entering the U.S. • Deadly attack in Jerusalem.
A House Democrat demanded on Tuesday that a former pesticide lobbyist who was appointed to the Department of Agriculture by the Trump administration release all emails she has exchanged with lobbyists or other representatives from her former industry.
Trumpism can be contained, and yes, defeated electorally.
Instant and slow-motion suicide by alcohol and a range of other drugs are rising at the same time.
Feb. 9, 2001: The Greeneville , a Los Angeles-class fast attack submarine, collided with a Japanese fishing boat, the Ehime Maru , off the coast of Oahu, Hawaii.
Today, virtually every family sends their children to boarding schools run by the Tibetan government, in Indian cities as far away as Varanasi and Bangalore – and most parents know that their children will never return to the incredibly harsh life of herding yaks between 14,000 and 18,000 feet above sea level.
• Turkey detained at least 49 people protesting the outcome of Sunday’s referendum to expand the powers of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, as videos stoke accusations of voting fraud in polling stations across the country.
But while consumer demand contributed to the restaurant boom, it was changes on Wall Street that really fueled the explosion.
In the past three years, the number of activist short-sellers working globally has nearly doubled, to 72 from 39.
I would thank myself, say goodbye to myself, appreciate myself (for the first time) and then I would seal the letter and reflect.
You made a sudden decision to start collecting contemporary Afro-Cuban art, when you barely knew the country.
Frankie’s sunny side is rarely up.
But it was an increasingly lonely position.
Mr. Abrams, the Republican foreign policy expert, said that it was unfair to characterize the study as being designed by former administration officials to exonerate Mr. Obama.
His widow blamed the company’s gung-ho culture, with its long hours and intense psychological pressure.
After all, history shows that stocks have provided the best returns of all publicly available asset classes over long periods, and the conventional wisdom is that they will continue to do so, regardless of transitory things like presidential elections or even wars and recessions.
The internet doesn’t have to be a corporate playground.
But in a way, pop-ups, despite their growing ubiquity, are like Band-Aids on deep wounds when it comes to the problem of stubborn vacancy rates, brokers say.
I’m sure it’s not perfect.
A private research company found that those videos had been manipulated and were unreliable.
(When hearings become heated and contentious, many times the witnesses become angry and their faces show a lot more emotion.)
Mike Huckabee, the former Arkansas governor and the father of the White House press secretary, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, did not dispute Mr. Trump’s comments directly, but he called the behavior of white nationalists in Charlottesville “evil.” Democrats have suggested that Mr. Trump is simply unwilling to alienate the segment of his white electoral base that embraces bigotry.
In Dallas, Mayor Mike Rawlings personally offered regrets to four released detainees at Dallas-Fort Worth Airport.
“Your family will be all right.
“Hey, it’s a job,” some presumably said.
Lost in the news grind over Roy Moore, the lawbreaking Senate candidate from Alabama, is how often he has tried to violate the Constitution.
Nothing can save him.” Finan writes that Milans very likely joined the United Order of Ex-Boozers, a group of mutually supportive alcoholics organized by the Salvation Army.
“The men you’ll see, they’ll do things technically wrong, but because they’re so strong they’ll get away with it,” said Michael Joyce, who has coached several WTA players.
“Since I have fingers missing, some styles of guitar playing were forever unreachable for me,” he told an interviewer.
Some shoppers care more about the conditions under which clothing is produced and less about the pricing breakdown.
How much valuable time will be lost while his advisers, who may doubt the intelligence community themselves, try to convince him that an evaluation is valid?
Not to mention that the president can count leading opponents of the program among his closest advisers.
A person close to Mr. Manafort identified the associate as Konstantin V. Kilimnik, who worked for years as Mr. Manafort’s close aide in Ukraine and communicated with him throughout the 2016 presidential campaign.
“Our folks are extremely happy,” said Robin Wright, a senior sales manager for VisitGreenvilleSC.
“I am a big fan of coincidence and synchronicity.
Mr. Pavlensky and Ms. Shalygina fled Russia and sought political asylum in France in January , after being questioned by the police in Moscow over what they say is a false and politically motivated allegation of sexual assault.
Be exceptionally considerate of those depending on you, most of all those born with a lot less.
After the financial crisis of 2008, Ms. McCauley snatched it off the demolition list for $500.
But why should extra-tough security benefit such a small group?
There’s been a steady back-and-forth on claims that reducing dietary sodium (which represents 40 percent of the salt molecule) is crucial to our well-being, countered by claims that following this advice can sometimes be a health hazard.
Since then, he has built the Marathon des Sables into one of the world’s most iconic races.
“The one exception is a scene in which the gravity aboard the ship suddenly fails,” he added.
With ease, eventually: Brazil was languishing in sixth place in South American qualifying when it fired Dunga, its previous coach, and replaced him with Tite.
Directors contemplate the sexual, social and political aspects of this famous story of love lost.
Beneath the jauntiness and good humor there is an unmistakably elegiac undertone to this film, an implicit acknowledgment of lateness and loss.
“Being able to hear the filters and the tones coming out definitely requires a different kind of deep listening than I think any of us had done in the past,” she said, “which was a really unique, challenging and exciting experience.”
David Pulphus is no Chris Ofili.
“Moving forward, I hope that my ‘toxicity’ has transformed into authenticity and that my career is not over,” Ms. Holder said in an email.
H-2A workers in New York make $12.38 per hour, minus federal and state taxes.
“As soon as we heard he would be playing here, we bought tickets,” he said.
Mirjana Lucic-Baroni, who before this year had not won an Australian Open match since 1998, extended her run by beating Maria Sakkari of Greece, 3-6, 6-2, 6-3.
For now, Republicans are playing down the likelihood that Medicare cuts will come to pass.
Discounting Riverside, Calif., which could be considered part of the Los Angeles region, the biggest metropolitan area without an N.F.L.
It is an occasion that screams for international media coverage.
The prince was the first guest on the podcast “ Mad World ,” in which Ms. Gordon interviews a series of people about their mental health.
“They were all shot and left on the streets for others to take as an example,” he said.
I’ve been going to the Face Place for facials for many years, so at home I’ll wash and sometimes moisturize with their products.
On Friday, Republicans rejected the idea of putting in place tax increases that would take effect some years from now, a step that would soften the deficit effects of the legislation.
“We’re huge fans of the show,” said Karen Cooper, Vice President and Publisher at Adams Media, in a statement, citing the show’s use of magical realism as one of the elements that were carried over to the book.
“They understand the importance of the Supreme Court to those issues that brought them to the streets, principally women.” Mr. Blumenthal said the selection of a nominee by President Trump would “put a face and a voice” on the Supreme Court battle.
Its American nuclear subsidiary, Westinghouse Electric, sought bankruptcy protection in March after delays and cost overruns at two nuclear-plant projects in the United States cost Toshiba $6 billion in write-offs, rendering it insolvent.
But Howard Bragman, who has worked in entertainment public relations for nearly four decades, said that Jackie’s young age was likely to allow her to perform without the same degree of criticism that older musicians might face.
Then, while Canadians were off fighting and dying in Afghanistan, America declared a completely unnecessary war in Iraq.
Running water, squealing children, a Bronx street planted in the heart and heat of a July morning.
1 record in the country; I’ll order you a car,” she recalled him saying.
The price for regular gas in Florida rose to an average of $2.41 on Thursday from $2.35 in one day.
[ Reuters ] • In Moscow, a knife-wielding man broke into the studio of Echo of Moscow, a prominent talk-radio station, and stabbed a journalist, Tatyana Felgenhauer, in the throat.
A federal appeals panel delivered a sweeping rebuke of the claim that courts have no role as a check on the president and said that the Trump administration had not shown any evidence that anyone from the nations involved had committed terrorist acts in the United States.
Traditional grocery stores can no longer make or break brands.
This gets at one of the oddest phenomena of modern life.
Long before he sparred with reporters as White House press secretary for President Trump, Mr. Spicer turned his ire toward an unlikely foe: Dippin’ Dots, a frozen treat described by their maker as “tiny beads of ice cream.” In a series of posts on Twitter from 2010 and 2015, Mr. Spicer asserted that Dippin’ Dots were not — despite their slogan — the ice cream of the future.
City authorities erected a wooden stand-in in the square to give residents an idea of how it might look.
Museums & Galleries This San Antonio-based artist’s toothsome little panel paintings, on view through May 21 , are like present-day icons devoted to nature and abstraction that also take tips from the early modernists who merged them.
What is the nature of your identity?
Don’t ever let this guy into the U.S. Can you imagine if he wrote about Obama?” a man calling himself Steve the Dragon wrote on Twitter , adding: “@SecretService would like 2 know.” The book appears to be part of a growing cultural current of imagined assassinations of the president by liberal artists, directors and writers, which Mr. Freedland argues is predicated on a need for “catharsis” and revolt against a world turned upside-down rather than any murderous intent.
In a phone interview, Mark Longabaugh, a senior strategist in the Sanders campaign, cited data from the Pew Research Center showing that the percentage of Democrats describing themselves as “liberal” grew from 27 to 48 percent from 2000 to 2017, while self-identified Democratic moderates fell from 45 to 36 percent.
“You could hear a Washington cynic saying, ‘I’ll do the short version,’ or not do it until they hold the hearing.
“They have had other choices,” he added.
Mrs. Adams, the wife of President John Quincy Adams, first had to deal with an overbearing mother-in-law in Abigail Adams, herself a former first lady.
The Democracy Fund , a bipartisan foundation that funds political research, recently put a series of questions about this topic to 8,000 people who voted in the 2012 presidential election as part of its Voter Study Group collaboration.
Hugh Hefner, gone to his reward at the age of 91, was a pornographer and chauvinist who got rich on masturbation, consumerism and the exploitation of women, aged into a leering grotesque in a captain’s hat, and died a pack rat in a decaying manse where porn blared during his pathetic orgies.
The Reader Center is one way we in the newsroom are trying to connect with you, by highlighting your perspectives and experiences and offering insight into how we work.
The Chinese also pushed to issue a joint statement, which the Trump administration rejected.
Watson celebrated that bull’s-eye pass with a bow-and-arrow motion.
The final stage consisted of six rounds.
They romanticized slavery as a benevolent institution that featured happy, faithful and well-fed bondsmen and women.
(Pleasant Grove lost its bid for refusing to bus in black students.)
But the furniture was literally stuff my father dragged in off the street.
On balance, the evidence is that drug use stabilized or declined since Portugal changed approaches, particularly for heroin.
Despite stepping into this controversy, Mr. Johannesson’s approval ratings have remained high .
Ms. Yin declined to comment.
The 154 co-ops and condominiums advertised included a studio at 1375 River Road for $125,000 and a three-bedroom unit at 9 Somerset Lane for $2,999,000.
And the meeting ended on a discordant note when, as the participants were filing out, the former undersecretary of state George Ball (a lone voice against the bombing campaign) snapped at his colleagues: “I’ve been watching you across the table.
But at Chambers Street, there was Officer Ryan Nash.
They differed from classical liberals and conservatives by supporting a social safety net to buffer markets’ worst effects, but they didn’t offer a fundamental critique of capitalism or any sense that market forces should be redirected to protect social needs.
Even in the case of a four-game sweep, the turnaround would have been tight.
Katherine Waterston in a very strange hairdo!
Misgivings about a few make us newly attentive to the many.
The Philip Glass celebrations continue unabated, now with a rarity: a 1980 chamber opera left deliberately abstract, for later directors to complete.
But those of us who are lucky enough to choose where we live would do well to ask ourselves, as part of that calculation, whether the choices we make for ourselves are necessarily the best for our home communities — and for the country.
But with national Republicans focused chiefly on another surprisingly competitive special House election in Georgia, and Mr. Thompson, the Democratic nominee, lashing Mr. Estes for his ties to the deeply unpopular Gov.
I think I’m going to go lie down for a while to recover.
“There is no need to renegotiate parts of the agreement, because the agreement is working.” Mr. Tillerson outlined the Trump administration approach in a television interview on Tuesday.
Ms. Thornton was the only Native American candidate to be interviewed, said Aweñheeyoh Powless, a mother who was on the committee, and she was one of the three candidates recommended by the committee to the board and superintendent.
“I told the man, ‘No, I’m going to Virginia Episcopal School on V.E.S.
Many of them are tourists, and more than half the market is dedicated to cheap clothing and souvenirs.
My dad did all the right things.
“My whole point is that Jefferson Davis lived 81 years,” Mr. Hayes-Davis told The New York Times.
I was playing a round of the board game Risk with my 11-year-old son and husband, and that afternoon, as we battled over Afghanistan — who hasn’t over the centuries?
The first and largest Bitcoin exchange, Mt.
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles will cooperate with BMW to develop self-driving cars, the companies said Wednesday, as traditional automakers look to defend their turf against cash-rich Silicon Valley giants eager to upend the industry.
The safety plan at Indian Ladder, for example, calls for someone to check the orchard each morning for mouse and deer droppings and address the problem before picking begins.
What if Minnesota’s former governor Tim Pawlenty, a Republican, won Mr. Franken’s seat in an election next year against some lesser-known opponent?
At his last stop, in Sydney, Australia, Mr. Pence praised a “strong and historic alliance” and pledged to honor a refugee deal that President Trump had thrown into question.
1 who tested positive for meldonium at last year’s Australian Open, fell to Kristina Mladenovic, 3-6, 7-5, 6-4.
“You need to have conversations with the key players before you ever get in the room.” The first few minutes of a meeting are paramount, too.
“The upcoming term,” said Elizabeth Slattery , a lawyer with the Heritage Foundation, “promises to be one for the history books.” Justice Ginsburg has singled out one case in the coming term as especially important: Gill v. Whitford, No.
Manfred used the announcement of the penalty to also issue a reminder to every major league team that the use of electronic devices to steal signs during games is prohibited, although he acknowledged that it is increasingly difficult to police such activities when all clubhouses are now outfitted with sophisticated replay equipment.
Only two of those positions are filled.
They “leverage the dismissals, anger, mockery, and contempt of the population at large as proof of their credibility.” — Grant Gold, Art Director _____ From The Los Angeles Times : After a spell of heavy rains in California during the 19th century, arid land bloomed.
President Trump has endorsed legislation that would slash legal immigration by half , mainly by cutting the number of visas granted to relatives of citizens, while favoring people who speak English and have advanced degrees.
Even the copper wiring had been stripped out.
“The minute I got there, I looked at the situation and said ‘How am I going to utilize my resources?’ ” Ms. Mullan, a registered nurse, said in a telephone interview Monday morning.
After helicopters dropped off his team, Chief Hatch sent his military working dog after two people he suspected were enemy fighters.
Her paternal grandmother had breast cancer and her father dealt with prostate as well as colon cancer.
Of those 92 companies, 48 got rid of a combined total of 483,000 jobs.
“I am so happy,” Mr. Gonzalez said at his victory party Tuesday night.
“Before, I’d have to try to read the map and feel slightly archaic like I’m Nicolas Cage in ‘National Treasure,’” she said in reference to the film about the hunt for a treasure map.
The pattern of white college and non-college voting is shown in the accompanying chart, which relies on data from the Pew Research Center .
She had written a poem in Spanish called “Ovarian Cancer,” filled with graphic imagery (she compared cancer to a bleeding fetus).
Echo, which has a fleet of 113 vehicles, mostly buses and vans, says on its website that it provides travel for schools, tour groups and corporations.
Everything about the movement from “Watermotor” (1978) is informal.
killed at least a dozen people on Saturday in the eastern part of the country, officials said.
In fact, the second $25,000 his family was to have received was the subject of a phone call just last month — less than two weeks before the charges were announced — between Gatto and Code.
Paris gave Mr. Pinault the use of the Bourse in 2016 on a 50-year lease.
Talk of “absolute” power and a noted affinity for foreign strongmen have fueled fears of authoritarianism.
Even though he was on a breathing tube, Coryell, 85, talked to Fouts during Super Bowl week then, getting updates on the vote.
think he’s just getting started.
And that’s something that we do very well.” Rebecca Heller, who was coordinating lawyers’ efforts on the ground for the International Refugee Assistance Project on Saturday, said that by Sunday afternoon, her services were far less in demand.
• What do you see that makes you say that?
to demonstrate that the footballers were eligible to participate for F.F.T.L.
As a woman you are entitled to autonomy over your body and you not men determine what appropriate and inappropriate touching is.
In developing its rates, the company said it assumed that major provisions of the law, including the existing subsidies and tax credits, would continue.
“But it would be inappropriate to discuss plans for future exercises at this time.” In a possible sign of worsening conditions in the North, the South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff said that 15 North Koreans, including the four soldiers, had fled directly to South Korea this year, compared with five people, including one soldier, last year.
The app is fairly limited in scope, allowing for text and video chat, as well as sending photos.
Jusef Nurkic added 21 points and 12 rebounds for Portland (32-37), which moved to within a game of idle Denver for the final playoff spot in the Western Conference.
The school, according to its website , accepts students who “struggle with internal and external factors beyond their control that have contributed to a failure to thrive in school.” Examining the life of a person charged in a brutal crime does not lessen the loss felt by the victim’s family.
“Trump campaigned as a champion of rural America and small and midsize Rust Belt cities, but — much like his proposed Obamacare repeal — his budget brings the hammer down on the very people who put him in office,” Tim Murphy wrote on March 16 in Mother Jones.
In February, a group of senators, including Robert P. Casey, Democrat of Pennsylvania, and Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, introduced the Protecting Older Workers Against Discrimination Act.
From his missile strike on a Syrian airfield to punish President Bashar al-Assad for a deadly chemical weapons attack, to his dealings with China’s president, Xi Jinping, over North Korea and trade, they say, Mr. Trump uses surprise to his advantage.
“Detroit” is set mainly during the rioting that convulsed that city in the summer of 1967, and in it “them” is most often used — along with cognates like “those people” and “you people” — by white soldiers and police officers to refer to African-American citizens.
As Mr. Trump tries to bar refugees and some Muslims, and orders the roundup of immigrants, he too seems to want to define people by just one thing: their passport, their immigration status or their religion.
The former editor of Cosmopolitan, Ms. Coles has consolidated power at Hearst Magazines, where she is now chief content officer.
There are many technological marvels — a signature of Mr. Lepage’s work — but they’re humanely scaled and rarely deployed for their own sake.
The Times series noted that neighborhoods in boroughs outside Manhattan just don’t get the same crime-fighting resources that those in Manhattan do.
I can relate more to the working-class people, and I feel street artists represent more that type of people.” The plan had been to reopen the house as a restaurant, but after renovations were delayed, Mr. LaPadula’s imagination ran a little wild.
So where did this zombie horde come from?
Maurice White took Frankiphone lessons and incorporated the instrument into his work with Earth, Wind & Fire, which he founded in 1970.
They might also notice the unusual floor plan, with two bedrooms below street level, lighted by a sidewalk light well, and the unfinished subbasement.
The car was then used in last week’s attack in Cambrils, which ended when the police killed the five occupants of the car.
Notebooks piled up beside his bed.
His Eminence Archbishop Demetrios, the 89-year-old leader of the archdiocese, was quoted in the statement as saying that until October 2016 he and others had been unaware of the organization’s financial condition.
The latest increase, approved in January , revived accusations that the system had strayed from its mission to provide an affordable education.
My guess: A lot of these Republicans will find themselves in single-digit races come October 2018.
Here’s what you need to know about the race.
For his part, Mr. Davis is convinced that a political deal will ultimately be done because continental Europe is a net exporter of goods to Britain.
“It’s pretty clear that the trend in employment growth is strong enough to keep the unemployment rate trending down.” Revisions to earlier estimates brought the monthly average gain since April to 194,000.
But, she said, “I want to see the action.”
With Katherine Waterston, Nicholas Hoult and Tom Holland.
It looked as if the Saints had wrapped up their first division title since 2011 as they were rolling to a win over the Falcons while the Panthers were losing in the final minute against the Buccaneers.
The third premiere is “Elizabeth Cree,” by the composer Kevin Puts (a Pulitzer Prize winner for his affecting opera “Silent Night”) and the librettist Mark Campbell.
Climbers with physical disabilities will also be required to obtain health clearance from their doctors before the tourism ministry issues local climbing permits, Mr. Neupane added.
This would cost the courts more money and delay trials, one reason defense lawyers like the bill.
Also in 2016, a Justice Department investigation of the Baltimore police documented a pattern of racial bias and cited frequent complaints about plainclothes officers “as particularly aggressive and unrestrained in their practice of stopping individuals without cause and performing public, humiliating searches.” All of this history was on Commissioner Davis’s mind, he said, when he made the “unilateral decision” to abolish the entire 46-member gun task force after reading F.B.I.
On Capitol Hill, the reactions to Mr. Comey’s testimony were split along party lines .
In August, Mr. Ryan-Vuotto was awarded a $500,000 settlement for sexual abuse by Father Lott.
Relations with Moscow have soured significantly since then, yet Mr. Flynn has grown only more vehement about the need for the United States to cultivate Russia as an ally.
Mr. Levandowski then tried to cover his tracks, according to the complaint, wiping his laptop’s hard drive of its data.
Far more valuable was what I learned.
Their aims would eliminate Israel.
“He became incredibly agitated,” Mr. Hagan said.
By last year, the Navy had largely reversed course, sandwiching a junior officer’s first sea tour between 14 weeks of classroom work.
Daryl Washington, the lead lawyer for the Edwards family, said they were pleased with the grand jury’s action.
Poor writing is nothing new, nor is concern about it.
Aug. 12 The news from Charlottesville, Va., began with an emergency declaration — not the sort of thing that immediately registers as a presidency-shaking moment.
Similarly, in Vegas, three pear-shaped cops named Fusco (played by Larry Clarke, Eric Edelstein and David Koechner) have discovered that Dougie Jones sprang into existence around 1997, and that he’s been an anonymous insurance company employee for about 12 years.
His monthly rent is $2,000.
“They’re not part of the intelligentsia of what happens in Washington.
• The soundtrack often underscores the themes of the show, but ending the episode with Car Seat Headrest’s terrific single “Fill in the Blank” is more about propulsion.
So diagnosis is key — someone experienced should look at the child’s head, looking for lice and not just for nits, since all kinds of debris in the hair can be mistaken for nits; everything from dandruff to dirt to drops of hair care products.
The president’s approval ratings are stuck in the upper 30s, and the party out of power typically does well in off-year elections.
Can you recommend a wardrobe that meets all of these criteria?
Palestinian Christians do not identify with the evangelicals’ vision.
“Olga was so charming, calling everybody ‘Lovey’ or ‘Love’ in her unmistakable British accent,” the church said in a statement.
But in this era of deep ideological divide it has taken on forms of modern partisan warfare.
Let’s pick up the pace Texans.
“The brains have a certain eerie presence and haunt us a little bit.
And keep a notebook and pen by your bed.
At the end of each trimester, I sit down with my principal to review my performance and progress and to set goals for the remainder of the year.
“But he did so many things.
He said he is looking forward to finding the comic side of an increasingly fraught era: “The humor is very dark, but it’s there.
Trump is playing an endgame.
If the experiment continues to succeed, Liberia’s education minister would like to hand over “as many schools as possible” to private providers.
To the Editor: Re “ Rwanda’s Lessons (Really) on Health Care ,” by Eduardo Porter (Economic Scene column, July 19): My colleagues and I recently returned from Banda, a village in rural Rwanda that our organization, Kageno, has worked in for a decade.
through the All-Star break and a much better strikeout rate.
In a damning, 15-page report published on Wednesday, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency admitted that its oversight of Wells Fargo was “untimely and ineffective.” The report said the agency failed to spot clues that would have allowed it to connect the dots in one of the most brazen banking scandals of the recent past.
Mr. Immelt’s goal for G.E.
I hope that many of Mr. Trump’s supporters will be shocked by this callousness and remember who they, and we, are.
Acknowledging the politically delicate nature of the latest proposal to revise the Constitution, Mr. Abe said on Wednesday that the country “must hold fast to the idea of pacifism.” Analysts said it was a shrewd calculation intended to reassure skeptics and set a precedent for revision.
Hundreds of them have been arrested since 2013 as part of a broad crackdown on social freedoms by the government of President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, which has killed hundreds of protesters and jailed thousands of political opponents.
But even on the rare occasions when one arrives, or seems to, it quickly switches gear into a synopsis-like reporting of things: “One night, after a very expensive bottle of wine, while they lay spent in the after, Karen told Mark that other women had never used her as a measure because she easily receded in groups, most comfortable as an approving spectator.” The effect is to give the events a muffled, offstage quality; the last thing you’d expect from a world-class dramatist.
The budget office’s hardest task was estimating how many states would waive their insurance rules and in what ways.
“The OU is an extremely high standard,” Rabbi Teitelbaum said.
With so many websites vying for the opportunity to book your next trip, TripAdvisor is hoping its recent makeover will help it stand out from the ever-expanding crowd.
Peter Dinklage and Lena Headey have great chemistry and haven’t shared the screen for three seasons.
(This interview contains spoilers for the first 11 episodes, and has been edited for length and clarity.)
Those same rules were in effect for the Roman Porno Reboot Project, a set of films commissioned by Nikkatsu last year to celebrate the 45th anniversary of its big gamble in 1971.
But she could not help seeing a contrast to how things played out for the Trump accusers.
This four-day festival in Chicago, known for its stellar rock ’n’ roll acts, concludes with performances by London Grammar, Little Dragon and the Drums.
It is chatty rather than polished and occasionally hokey, populated by entertaining allegories and regular flashes of humor.
Joseph was awarded the team’s $700,000 offer rather than his $1 million request.
This is clearly a win for San Francisco — but it is a victory for Airbnb, too.
But the problem when you get in is that you’re so locked in that you don’t want to let go, right?
Lamination is almost always attributed to the French and Austrian pastry chefs who made it famous and defined by the particulars of their technique.
Some, like Albert Pujols and Jose Bautista, have continued their education in the United States.
He first felt discomfort in his lower back and tingling in his leg late during the 2012 season, which he thought was caused by the sport’s day-to-day rigors.
Mr. Trump’s campaign said it would spend $1.5 million to air the advertisement throughout the country, a relatively small sum that does not indicate a major national public relations campaign.
So while the president blathers about how some of the torchbearers were fine people, other people are talking about whether we could have a civil war for real.
Michael and Jefferson, cousins who grew up in Santa Rita, a small town in northwestern Honduras, took the journey separately that year.
The extraordinary tenor Javier Camarena, delivering the aria at the Metropolitan Opera and on a Times Facebook Live video, didn’t stint its long, calm line, but I was even more interested in the glint of metal in his tone as he describes “il mio tormento,” the torment of his past.
“What President Trump is discovering is that he has a huge, huge problem underneath him, and I think he’s shocked that the system is as hostile as it is,” said Newt Gingrich, a top adviser to Mr. Trump’s campaign who said he has spoken with Mr. Bannon many times about his suspicion of the deep state and what he sees as its pernicious influence.
Add to this the fact that the Democratic Party seems to write off many of these rural voters as hopelessly lost to the Republicans, and we end up with the divided political landscape we have today.
Relatives by appointment only.” A coffee cup is inscribed, “All my friends are dead.” Webster does not think of himself as special just because he has lived so long and happened to play in the N.H.L.
But no team has been more yielding than the Orioles, whom the Yankees have beaten in 12 of 18 games, with one more matchup scheduled for Sunday afternoon.
The future of democracy may well rest on our ability to tell the difference.
THE ANGEL: The Egyptian Spy Who Saved Israel , by Uri Bar-Joseph.
Over the years, immigrants from various countries have moved through the area, including Irish, Italians and Chinese.
As for Americans who aren’t ideologically committed, forget about it: Passing the bill would be an invitation to a political beheading.
And perhaps most important, it was way to build the future and be a part of something larger than themselves.
Mr. Trump’s complaints to the F.B.I.
[ The Mercury News ] • The case of Kevin Cooper , a California death row inmate, is a national embarrassment.
Colorado, $268.8 million of Building Excellent Schools Today Grant Program debt securities.
But the standards for approval under the proposed amendment would make it easy for interested states to waive the insurance rules for up to 10 years.
Their political enemies, leaked documents seemed to show, had built a spying operation using software made by an Italian firm called Hacking Team — just one of many private companies that, largely below public notice, have sprung up to aid governments in surveilling the private lives of individual citizens.
Special forces soldiers in the Afghan Army, generally referred to as commandos, are much more highly trained than regular troops and work in proximity to American soldiers, including serving as partners in ground combat operations, as well as in training exercises.
Securities from Brazil, Colombia, India, Indonesia and Mexico are the biggest stakes.
The water was not especially rough, and no colder than expected, about 55 degrees, yet Argüelles, his skin coated with zinc oxide and petroleum jelly, was sluggish.
(On this evidence, one might argue Viola was the pioneer of photo bombing.)
A brilliantly stylized foreplay sequence is constructed around assassin-related paraphernalia, and both Ian McShane and Laurence Fishburne — as the respective heads of separate killing squads — remind us of madams, pimping death across continents.
All comments are moderated by the Learning Network staff, but please keep in mind that once your comment is accepted, it will be made public.
But his position was never the dominant one within the Republican Party.
After a year, he transferred to Villanova, where he had to sit out a season because of N.C.A.A.
Occasionally you detect an embryonic melody.
said in a news release, spending almost $2 million on personal expenses, including jewelry, private school and camp tuition and casino payments.
Mr. Simons became one of the country’s top political donors.
They believe that sports teams, desperate to gain any edge, might be buying into a gimmick.” The story includes a simplified version of the game.
The fixation on tax cuts is regrettable, because corporate tax reform is a worthy goal.
human rights at a time when gay men are being rounded up, tortured and executed in Chechnya.
Researchers found that wounds, poisonings and infections of the gut and skin increase soon after storms.
Purchased new, the same appliances would have cost roughly $35,000.
“Hey, come get your jacket!” Detective Rodriguez called out to the men.
The future president — who values complete loyalty — would never forget the exchange .
But the generals on the Joint Chiefs of Staff pushed back — the war was winnable, they insisted, if only the president would double down on bombing, mine the North’s main port of Haiphong harbor and add 200,000 men to the ranks, most of them destined for Vietnam.
“A few years ago we picked up some students who were preternaturally into crosswords, and those people have become our stalwarts,” Mr. Last said.
At the United Nations, the Malian foreign minister, Abdoulaye Diop, said the “criminal, cowardly, barbaric attack” in Gao would not stop the government from promoting peace.
Roof but cannot address the jurors or call or cross-examine witnesses.
(Schatzi Wines, Milan, N.Y.) DOMAINE POLI ÎLE DE BEAUTÉ I.G.P.
Fans got their first taste of Goodell at 7:30 p.m. — about an hour before kickoff — when he emerged from a tunnel with the Chiefs’ owner, Clark Hunt.
My contract as a contributing editor was terminated soon after that.
After months of organizing, the committee behind the push for a union drafted a one-page letter laying out its reasoning and left printouts on employees’ desks Tuesday night.
A pay-for-play internet system could also be problematic for Codecademy, an education company founded in 2011.
To receive it in your inbox, register here .
If your pets tend to get car sick, feed them several hours before the drive and wait until after you arrive to feed them again.
The actors scheduled to sing will largely be replaced by songwriters and composers, and the nature of the events is still being finalized.
He had at least 10 suitcases in his room, the sheriff had said, which might have been used to bring the guns in without notice.
They need illegal aliens to fill the churches.” Cardinal Timothy M. Dolan, the archbishop of New York, called Mr. Bannon’s comments “preposterous and rather insulting.” In the interview from his Washington home, Mr. Bannon reacted defensively when asked whether his clout in the White House had diminished by the time he left.
“Weaning is the toughest deal, especially when you live on the farm and you hear them hollering at night,” Alexander said.
Now Mr. Pender, a former Ivy League basketball player, is expected to be a key witness in the trial of a Queens man accused of orchestrating a brazen daytime murder on a Midtown Manhattan street in 2012.
Here’s a snapshot of global markets .
Following are recommendations for the most common complaints: After years of sun exposure, dark spots and broken capillaries can populate the chest.
“I would not let anything ever be deferred in terms of maintenance that I thought would then create any kind of safety problem or operating problem,” Mr. Moorman said.
“Only in Washington does repeal translate to restore,” he said.
Yotam’s debut article leads our Food section right now, and it is accompanied by recipes for kadaifi nests with poached pears and saffron cream , and pomegranate granita .
Japan’s industrial icon said its disastrous foray into nuclear power had created “substantial uncertainty” over its ability stay in business.
Ever since, American presidents have likewise been periodically tempted to strike North Korea after one provocation or another, but have ended up showing restraint for fear of a cataclysmic war.
Professors also frequently allow students to discuss problems among themselves, but not to share actual code, a policy that some students say creates confusion about what constitutes cheating.
This month in London, two gallery exhibitions are offering very different experiences each time you return: One artwork is being left to build itself, while another invites its own destruction.
“She admits in a subsequent text that she did nothing, she did not call the police or Mr. Roy’s family,” the judge said.
branch for the Western Cape metropolitan area.
Two aid workers said at least 15 buses had departed for Deir al-Zour.
More recently, in what should have been a triumphant moment, Ms. Okorafor’s name was omitted from some headlines announcing the HBO series based on “Who Fears Death,” while Mr. Martin was promoted as an executive producer.
Meanwhile, immigrants in New York and across the country are living in a terrifying dark age.
Nearly half of men, and 57 percent of men ages 18 to 36, said they felt pressure to join in when other men talked about women in a sexual way.
But he does a great job of releasing that, and then he always seems to come back out there and give a quality outing.” Kenley Jansen, the Dodgers’ All-Star closer, said Hill was “the nicest guy I’ve ever met in baseball, period.” He said he could sense that Hill’s competitiveness is derived from the setbacks he endured to get to where he is now.
This time the pain terrified her.
She struggles with the risks of coming forward as a witness, as protests erupt in her neighborhood.
What does it mean to say this to a brown boy who doesn’t know any lawyers or engineers?
Mr. Davis, a refugee from Sierra Leone who performed odd jobs for vendors around Times Square and had no fixed address, showed little emotion and declined to speak to reporters as he left the courtroom.
The couple met in September 2014 through the dating app Hinge.
My mirror is completely drenched from spray, road grime and rainfall.
Mr. Hellman gave Mr. Stanton some of his most important earlier roles, including in “Ride in the Whirlwind” (1966), about three cowboys (one played by Mr. Stanton’s longtime friend, Jack Nicholson) who, after meeting some outlaws, are themselves mistaken for desperados.
“I want somebody who can fully inhabit this role with my support.” Indeed, at Mr. Campbell’s final media breakfast briefing in the museum’s Temple of Dendur, on May 31, he called Mr. Weiss “a brilliant partner.” Mr. Rosenheim said that the change in the director’s status should not inhibit top applicants.
In the 32nd minute, Dempsey handled a neat flick from Pulisic and fended off a defender in the box.
David Villa tied it in the 77th with his M.L.S.-leading 19th goal.
They overcame that stretch, but stumbled on the next one.
“If inspections of Iranian military sites are ‘merely a dream,’ as Iran says, then Iranian compliance with the J.C.P.O.A.
During lectures, students gathered in the “war room,” its conference table dotted with room-temperature pizza slices, to live tweet and select questions for the speaker from Facebook submissions.
“We have new hope here,” Yusleydis Smith Díaz, 20, who is considered the top women’s player in Cuba, said as she finished a practice this week.
The two judges wrote that with the sprawling Congressional District 23, map drawers had taken steps to intentionally disadvantage Latino voters by including Hispanics with lower voter turnout rates, excluding higher-turnout Hispanics, fracturing politically cohesive Hispanic areas and including “higher-turnout Anglos” in the district.
People who don’t know me will likely be surprised at most of it.
Quite the opposite: I see him as really stable.” — SEWELL CHAN and CHRISTOPHER F. SCHUETZE It is hard to imagine a place where it is easier to vote than in the Netherlands.
Click a category name on the left side of the window to see samples of each template.
Here’s a rundown of some of iOS 11’s biggest features.
No, he was doing it to say I care about you.” Jeffrey Sandusky’s arrest is among several unrelated high-profile sexual abuse cases to emerge in recent weeks in Pennsylvania.
Rather than rejecting this jerry-built structure, the Democrats’ Obamacare legislation simply added a cracked support beam or two.
The competition includes two categories: classic porridge made with oatmeal (pinhead, coarse, medium or fine), salt and water, and a specialty class that allows for experimentation.
The sought-after schools with high graduation rates and stellar test scores have disproportionately high populations of white and Asian students, while struggling schools are largely populated by black and Hispanic children.
This is our time of testing.
Tweet me at @mikiebarb .
The White House’s antagonism toward the news media is born of genuine grievance and a calculated strategy that it plays well with Mr. Trump’s political base.
That red ink will irk Republican deficit hawks.
An erotic banquet spread itself before him, and he partook.
Though he will face enhanced competition in the Western Conference, including the mighty Golden State Warriors, Anthony appears to have landed in an enviable spot with the Thunder, who are powered by Westbrook and enhanced by George, a pair of two-way talents who are backed up on the interior by the rugged center Steven Adams.
Burroughs even gave her a generous blurb early in her career for “Great Expectations”: “Acker gives her work the power to mirror the reader’s soul.” So it makes sense that Kathy and Burroughs gave a reading together in Toronto in 1989.
But the residual effect, from the players’ perspective, could be that they recognize they are no longer inhabiting the island that Williams said Abdul-Rauf was on 21 years ago.
[ Associated Press ] • “Do not let me be fired,” Harvey Weinstein asked Hollywood studio executives as he contended with sexual harassment allegations stretching back decades.
So we turn to the clouds to distract us from the heat.
Unlike a round of cuts earlier this year in which ESPN laid off about 100 people, this one was not expected to include prominent on-air personalities.
That’s great, but, after they have argued and discussed the list (and, ahem, “corrected” us for our oversights), I sincerely hope that they find the time to seek out those movies that they may not know, including the likes of “A Touch of Sin” and “The Death of Mr. Lazarescu,” titles that easily stand alongside the cinematic classics of the 20th century.
When I talk to these Tylers about our name, they smile and play along, but I know they can’t really relate.
Is that a problem?” Well, actually, could you see why that would be a problem?
Driving in Australia, like driving in London or Hong Kong, means driving on the left-hand side of the road.
Historically, religious exemptions from the law have occasionally been granted to protect the person who holds the belief.
Andrew M. Cuomo of New York said at a news conference Tuesday.
In other polls, a majority of respondents have characterized Mr. Trump as dishonest and untrustworthy.
While splurging on a special gift for yourself or your family is the most instantly gratifying move, considering buying savings bonds or splitting up your return among multiple bank accounts.
Along the winding roads that cut through green hills laced with rows of grapevines, a sign emblazoned with a golden T marks the entrance to the 1,300-acre Trump Winery.
Here’s another one: On a recent visit a few days before the opening, this reporter slipped in a secret of her own.
(For Eugene, it was the wives; for Dwight, the luckless Dr.
(Want to get this briefing by email?
“The difference between Rakim and Kendrick Lamar is minimal,” Mr. Simmons said, referring to two hip-hop artists whose rises occurred nearly three decades apart.
More from Andrew’s latest DealBook column on their paper: When Mr. Strebulaev first circulated a draft of his paper, he said, “a number of companies contacted me, or, rather, their general counsels contacted me.” He encouraged them to point out mistakes or factual errors.
He “had not traveled back to join a coalition,” Merridale writes, but to undermine the provisional government and establish a dictatorship in the name of the proletariat.
“Secondly, I think you have to take the man for his word that he wants to unify the country, and we’ll see whether he’s able to do so.” Mr. Bush agreed to give interviews to publicize his book, “Portraits of Courage: A Commander in Chief’s Tribute to America’s Warriors,” published by Crown Publishing.
The Museum of the Bible opens this fall, and was created by members of the Oklahoma-based Green family , who own Hobby Lobby.
For example, the House Republican tax plan introduced last year would pay for tax rate cuts in part by eliminating the tax deduction for state and local income taxes.
Recent figures show Croatia attracting 16 million tourists a year, mostly in July and August.
“I’m still surprised that it actually works.” But, he said, the signal that tells the frogs to move is clear and simple.
Jeter emphasized that he had initially expected to build around Stanton, because he could not assume that a player with a no-trade clause would ever be willing to leave.
His incisive and revealing photographs pierced the public veneer of Washington politics, bringing the viewer into the back rooms of power.
He was the national president of the Boy Scouts of America from 2010 to 2011 and served on the group’s executive board in 2013 when it voted to lift the ban on gay scouts.
Under Obamacare, states had limited, rather binary policy choices, and even those were hard for state governments to make quickly.
Lin Manuel Miranda, the creator and former star of “Hamilton,” wrote most of his musical “In the Heights” on the black Yamaha piano in the Arthur Seelen Theater in the basement.
American bishops eventually adopted a zero-tolerance policy and pledged to remove priests credibly accused of abuse.
Republican leaders said they wanted to protect people with pre-existing conditions, but it was not immediately clear how they would do so.
“In the early 1940s I planned to be a full-time revolutionary who would move around like they did in Russia,” he told Arts Monthly in 1999.
By Tuesday evening the petition had exceeded its goal of attaining 100,000 signatures.
Unfortunately, these stereotypes suggest that girls aren’t as smart as boys.
“To me, that world was all about stale, dry brown bread and an indiscriminate way of eating cross-legged on couches or on the ground with none of the formality of the table.
The show was created by Greg Garcia, whose previous credits include “My Name Is Earl” and “Raising Hope,” so he knows something about sitcoms.
David Hubert Gunby, 23, died in 2001 of kidney disease attributable to the wound he suffered in 1966, and his death was ruled a homicide.
And I’m one of the lucky ones.
Of course, you can’t cut them up to make them cook more quickly, but you can select smaller beans.
I should also add that our 19-year-old daughter, Paris, would rather go to a concert with him than anyone else.
Of course,” he said when I talked to him last week.
“Seen in this light, it’s hard not to conclude that the D.O.E.’s goal is timid and sets a benchmark that it can easily achieve,” the study said.
He is no more a universally beloved figure than his father was.
The network describes itself on its website as the first “Russian 24/7 English-language news channel which brings the Russian view on global news.” President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia said the network was created to “ break the Anglo-Saxon monopoly on the global information streams .” Though the network is owned and operated by the Russian government, its executives say their journalists are independent.
Mr. McCabe could also be transferred or sidelined, leaving his current role at the F.B.I.
To those of us allergic to repetitive tasks, it makes sense that Peter spends the movie trying not to work anymore.
Sheriff Gualtieri, as well as Sheriff Stanek, Sheriff Mark Dannels of Cochise County, Ariz., and Sheriff Greg Champagne of St. Charles Parish, La., who was president of the National Sheriffs’ Association when the discussions began, have all traveled to Washington or corresponded with the Trump administration to discuss the new approach.
Having studied its organizational structure over the last three months, the museum’s board members concluded that the future health of the Met’s management required a new approach, with Mr. Weiss at the top.
Anyway, at first glance I thought it was a bit silly for Apple to ask people to pay $150 more for a glorified Sonos, which starts at $200.
That same itinerary from Love Field would cost you only $93 on Southwest.
For newspaper delivery questions: 1-800-NYTIMES (1-800-698-4637) or email customercare@nytimes.com .
I think it’s just become its own meme.
I should not be in this.” Later, she came across a man carrying a machete — for snakes and crocodiles, he said.
Mr. Trump has been less vocal about the role of guns in attacks.
But now fans fawn over Ms. Shay when she walks into a nightclub, taking selfies and cooing over her.
Near the end of a vexing 2016 season for Michael Conforto , two of his coaches sat him down to talk.
Paging forward through your browsing history can typically be done by pressing the Alt and Right Arrow keys on a Windows computer, or the Command and Right Bracket keys on a Mac.
Despite having sworn off nightclubs in 1973, saying he could no longer work in places where liquor was served, Mr. Gregory returned to them on occasion in later years, a thin presence wreathed in white hair and beard.
Despite the misery and cruelty it depicts, “The Golden Legend” is a heartening book, largely because of Aslam’s faith in the integrity and courage of his main characters and, one supposes, of real people like them.
Two weeks ago, Mr. Sharp vanished, along with a colleague, Zaida Catalan, a Swede, both members of a Group of Experts, appointed by the United Nations Security Council, as they went to investigate a relatively new rebellion that is still poorly understood in the Kasai-Central Province of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
As she kept her eye on a downcast little girl who was ordinarily cheerful and lively, Ms. Lopez, 59, said the devastation on the island has been hard to bear, and she misses family members who have gone to the mainland.
“82,000 fans?” he asked rhetorically.
Daly said he had been trying to throw the club to his caddie, who was not looking.
Wealth-X uses criteria that can produce a ranking that’s different from those of other research firms.
She played a direct role in the C.I.A.’s “extraordinary rendition program,” under which captured militants were handed to foreign governments and held at secret facilities, where they were tortured by agency personnel.
And ultimately what happened in those two cycles is that Democrats won.
And if you prefer the comfort of over-ear headphones and still want to go wireless, check out this Wirecutter guide .
Mr. Brown, who already had three grown children of his own, took on a role most parents dread.
Rates on existing fixed-rate loans remain the same for the life of the loan.
Executives of Facebook, Twitter and Google pledged to Congress this week to do more to prevent the fakery that has polluted their sites.
Unlike the unions, the leadership of the police and fire departments said the Browns were their partners and arranged for officers to run onto the field with the players and stand with them during the anthem.
‘Journey’ was the last one we came up with, late at night.” At the Oscars, it lost to “My Heart Will Go On” from “Titanic,” which, Mr. Flaherty sighed, “was No.
(Here’s the RSS feed .)
But in an interview, Mr. Rosen said he thought there was more to the story than the markets yet know.
The vessel can withstand and contain an explosion from a bomb inside.
But reported private warnings by Mr. Rogers over the complexity of a British exit had made him the object of sharp criticism from prominent hard-line supporters of a withdrawal, including Dominic Raab and Iain Duncan Smith, Conservative lawmakers.
Dating to the 14th century, Dartington was bought in the 1920s by Dorothy and Leonard Elmhirst (she, an American heiress; he, a landowning Yorkshireman) who aimed to establish a new model of rural life, community and education.
“So it doesn’t disappear from our culture.” Whether tourists will still climb the mountain to Buscalan after Ms. Fang-od is gone remains to be seen.
The migrant population at one longstanding shelter, Movimiento Juventud 2000, with capacity for about 25 people, soared to about 250, many of them living in donated tents in an adjoining lot that becomes a swale of mud when it rains.
• In the five years since the shooting at Sandy Hook elementary school in Newtown, Conn., the grief has endured and evolved.
The upscale grocery chain Whole Foods Market agreed to sell itself to Amazon in June for $13.4 billion as it faced pressure from activist shareholders unhappy with its share price.
The Rohingya, a Muslim ethnic minority fleeing Myanmar’s far western Rakhine State, have fled into Bangladesh by the hundreds of thousands, turning informal refugee camps there into a sprawling and desperate city.
Consumers will not be uninsured on Jan. 1 if their current insurer leaves the marketplace and they do not select a new plan in the 45-day open enrollment period, which ends on Friday.
But Wall Street will be focused on what the iPhone maker says about the September quarter, when it traditionally unveils its new phone lineup.
While he shared the white planters’ misgivings about blacks, he employed these slaves to gather data about the island and was fascinated by their music, acquiring banjos and making musical annotations of their songs.
The authorities seemed to listen, though, and dozens of Moscow parks were later renovated to appeal to hipsters, complete with dedicated spaces to hold free and open discussions.
He wanted what he wanted when he wanted.” She said her husband, who died in 2012, would often tell him no, “but he would come around the other way and insist on yes.” Mr. Shapiro disputed that he played any role in the depletion of the trust fund, which was set up by his father and uncle.
To the extent that this view may be accurate, it is something that Democrats need to change.
“The language of some of our most beloved food writers has gone from flavor and feasting to cleanness and lightness,” Ms. Tandoh lamented in an essay written for Vice U.K. last year.
Every time his cellphone rings in relation to last-minute details, it sounds like the chiming of bells.
Instead, Mr. Collins suggested asking a customer service agent to find you a flight with another carrier.
La Sicurezza dello stato cambiò nome in agenzia di sicurezza nazionale ma rimase sotto il controllo del potente Ministero degli Interni, che si stimava impiegasse più di un milione e mezzo di poliziotti, agenti di sicurezza e informatori.
Germany’s defense minister, Ursula von der Leyen, caused ripples when she pointedly expressed appreciation for the American “secretary of defense’s strong commitment to NATO.” She was referring to Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, who has spent his week in Europe trying to persuade allies that contrary to what President Trump has said in the United States, the country has not soured on the trans-Atlantic alliance.
Despite the wealth of sensitive information in its databases, Equifax, in essence, falls through the regulatory cracks.
It’s a fast-moving, richly imagined story that loses nothing in repeated readings.
In other sports news, the U.S. Open hosted 87 matches , after all but nine of yesterday’s were postponed because of rain.
For one hideous second she watched him flailing his arms and legs like an overturned turtle.
The Memorial has all the trappings of a home event for Jason Day.
While the Trump connection piqued the interest of many people in attendance, such events soliciting investors for projects in the United States are not unusual in China.
We learn almost as much about vaudeville, ragtime, Victrolas, Ash Can painters and the realist works of Theodore Dreiser and Edith Wharton as we do about City Hall and Tammany Hall, centers of the era’s corrupt politics.
“What is the problem anyway?” Mr. Putin did offer a mild defense of Mr. Sechin, saying that no law had been broken when he refused to testify, despite critics who argued otherwise.
Someone had spray-painted an anti-black slur across it, Mr. Charles, who is black, said.
In a game that the Packers will be highly motivated to win, given the playoff picture, and one that could be high scoring, given how these two pass defenses have been performing, Rodgers should pick up right where he left off.
This week in Australia, the Perth World Super 6 is debuting a format — a lightning-paced last round, with match play and a special hole — to adapt the sport to changing times.
If the tropics couldn’t make a couple out of us, what could?
In Trump Law, you can lose and still win, or at least declare victory, as Trump did after losing his defamation suit against the author Timothy O’Brien, claiming, falsely, that he had succeeded in his goal of costing O’Brien a lot of money.
Flint’s misfortune drew attention to the widespread problem of contamination of water systems.
For its part, 19th-century China turned to the United States as the first country to educate its young in a desperate effort to counter the West.
Milan Kundera’s “The Unbearable Lightness of Being,” for instance, remains a luminous meditation on life’s fleetingness, set against the 1968 invasion of Czechoslovakia — and also has the all the juicy details of our hero’s voluminous sex life.
But a boulder that was bigger than most houses had moved more than 160 yards, or more than the length of a football field.
Abuar, who told me he was 16 though he looked no older than 13, was given the job of feeding an antiaircraft gun mounted on the back of a Toyota HiLux pickup truck.
I decided I would try to get each one in a single frame so that I wouldn’t have to keep popping off flashes while people were trying to sleep.
That company holds some of Mr. Trump’s largest assets, including his Old Post Office lease, golf courses and residential properties including a house in Beverly Hills, Calif. New York City property records show that in recent weeks Mr. Trump has transferred several residential condominiums he owns into the trust.
2 role, with Gabbert behind him.
He cited instances in which servicemen were contemplating suicide and the page would “light up” with people who wanted to help.
They’ve created this thing where people will work for free just for the honor of it.” Meanwhile, he said, Olympic officials live privileged lives “on the hard work and labor of the athletes, and that’s just ridiculous.” But Symmonds also knows that until athletes act collectively, little is expected to change.
In recent days, Mr. Trump has been routinely misstating the effect that the current draft of a new health care law would have on those with pre-existing conditions.
The industry would still be able to sell nicotine in other forms, like e-cigarettes, nicotine orbs, sticks and lozenges, for example, and gums and patches.
First, gratitude for her craftsmanship and dedication to the storytelling on behalf of our lead character, Jenna Hunterson.
I had graduated from the University of Michigan with a dance degree in 2010 and moved back to my hometown in Michigan and wasn’t dancing a lot.
The Russian envoy followed up on Dec. 28 with another text that asked if he could call General Flynn, and the two spoke, Mr. Spicer said.
The bride’s father owns Party Plus Rentals, a Baltimore company specializing in weddings.
The credibility of the Justice Department in handling the Russian matter was already deeply compromised after Attorney General Jeff Sessions arrived in the job refusing to recuse himself from any investigation.
Because the internet lit up with it briefly, it’s probably worth mentioning that American politics crept into the Paris collections in the form of the Balenciaga and Kering logos on some jackets and scarves that were nearly identical to a logo used for Senator Bernie Sanders’s presidential run.
“I mean, gosh, the guy averaged a triple-double,” Robinson said.
What would they take next?
The so-called Essex Man, an approximate equivalent of the Reagan Democrat, wanted to get ahead economically — purchasing shares in newly privatized utilities and buying his own home, a “council house” that had formerly belonged to the public housing stock.
If the Celtics can use home court to fight off the Cavaliers, and the Bruins can get hot, there may be more silverware coming to the banks of the Charles.
Like the Great War for Britain, answers to what the Vietnam War was, why it was fought and the causality of its unsatisfactory conclusion will define America’s nature and very soul in the 20th century and beyond.
A resolvable blood feud got stoked.
“Actually, today we’re up to positive six,” said Zack Hargrove, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Bismarck.
Posner, a character in “The History Boys,” speaks to him, he writes.
The doctor felt one slightly enlarged lymph node on the right side of the boy’s neck.
“Today, as in the past,” writes the historian Molly Michelmore in her book “Tax and Spend,” “most of the recipients of federal aid are not the suspect ‘welfare queens’ of the popular imagination but rather middle-class homeowners, salaried professionals and retirees.” A 15-story public housing tower and a mortgaged suburban home are both government-subsidized, but only one looks (and feels) that way.
Today’s fill is no different: CITI BIKES, a creation of the last five years, lies at 1-Across.
After 41 years at Marvel, where he produced thousands of comic books for the likes of Captain America, the Incredible Hulk and Fantastic Four, Mr. Sinnott retired to work exclusively on the Spider-Man Sunday comic strip, distributed by King Features to newspapers across America.
One hundred years ago this October, the Dutch dancer, courtesan and German-paid secret agent known by her stage name, Mata Hari, was executed by a French firing squad.
The first: Listen to audiobooks of classic works set it some of the states we’re passing through, like Sherwood Anderson’s “Winesburg, Ohio.” Since I also want to shop local at her Birchbark Books shop once we get there, spinning up the audio version of a Louise Erdrich novel is a distinct possibility and I’m looking at “The Last Report on the Miracles at Little No Horse” for starters.
Tara Cox, a yoga teacher, said she had some concerns about Shariah law, but quickly added that “a Syrian family moved to our small town, and everyone has rallied around them.” When a speaker warned of Muslim no-go zones in “every hamlet, every village” in Britain, saying that the same could happen in Canada, there were no bellows of rage from the audience, only courteous murmurs of concern.
In October 2015, the 18-room Hôtel Providence, the first hotel venture from the night life mogul Pierre Moussié and his wife, Elodie , became one of a smattering of boutique properties in the area that locals claim as post-work gathering spots and visitors make their base as they explore the thriving Right Bank.
That meant that Steven Lopez — a 38-year-old three-time Olympic medalist — and Jean Lopez, at 43 a veteran coach, could participate.
President Trump’s move this week to freeze the hiring of federal workers has sowed confusion in the Department of Veterans Affairs, and it may be driving a wedge between the president and veterans, who overwhelmingly backed him during his campaign.
They come mostly from a select group of doctors at particular hospitals, many of which have outsourced their E.R.s to a company called EmCare.
— Alma Adler The most impressive, nonnatural wonder remains for me the Statue of Liberty : Liberty Enlightening the World.
The movie tells the story of Charlie Driggs (Jeff Daniels), a straight-arrow tax consultant who is seduced away from his humdrum office life by a charmingly flaky young woman played by Melanie Griffith.
I am a peaceable person.
More than 1 million men and women in Texas have active licenses to carry handguns.
See, etiquette doesn’t solve every social conundrum, does it, Missy?
More serious is Boot’s dismissal of Aristide Briand as “justly forgotten.” Briand was one of the most competent statesmen of the 1920s and ’30s and came the closest of anyone to heading off World War II.
With the bases loaded, Robles fired a full-count fastball over the head of Nolan Arenado and to the backstop, resulting in the Mets’ head-scratching 5-4 walk-off loss.
While the trade deficit with Mexico has resulted in job losses in some industries (possibly about 700,000 jobs in the first 16 years), a 2014 study estimates that 1.9 million American jobs depend on exports to Mexico.
But the Protestant mainline has gone well out of its way to accommodate you on all these points.
For a preview of life without net neutrality, an Op-Ed contributor suggests looking to China , where the internet comes with surveillance and censorship.
Well, there is one knotty parable: “DUCKWORTH.,” the album’s finale, which tells the apparently true story of how, decades ago, his label boss crossed paths with his father in near-violent fashion, in an incident that could have ended with bullets and tears.
Mr. Jones’s ads, most of them featuring him speaking directly to the camera, ably portrayed the Democratic candidate as likable, serious and forward-looking.
Casse has acknowledged that the colt has always been difficult to handle — he wheeled and dumped his rider at the start of the Hopeful Stakes last year in Saratoga.
(“I keep them under lock and key,” he said.)
On the beach on our last day, Max received a call from one of his singers, who had gotten engaged to an actress.
The Houston Astros selected George Springer III, a promising outfielder from the University of Connecticut, in the first round of the 2011 draft.
I had been to Birdland many times before and had usually been let in at no charge by Pee Wee Marquette, who worked at the entrance collecting the $3 admission fee and knew me.
She also wanted an end to the lawsuit between Mr. Kalanick and Benchmark.
Eduardo Cunha, the powerful former speaker of the lower house of Congress, was sentenced to 15 years in prison in March.
When I say I’m done and you were expecting something else, you’re now asking me, Are you sure you’re done?
But the next day, Mr. Mueller’s team raided Mr. Manafort’s home , and he essentially ceased cooperating.
Mr. Gottfried, the comedian famous for his blue material and dying-donkey voice, lets down his guard (a little) and allows cameras inside the comfortable Manhattan apartment he shares with his apparently sane wife and two well-adjusted children.
In the two decades since, the league’s international appeal has brought in not only billions in television revenue increases but also a bevy of foreign investors, including a cohort of Americans led by the Glazer family at Manchester United, Stan Kroenke at Arsenal and the Fenway Sports Group at Liverpool.
She is the daughter of Arline G. Heimert of Winchester, Mass., and the late Alan E. Heimert.
That office building, one of the most valuable assets sold to JPMorgan in its hasty purchase of Bear, was where Mr. Zames later worked.
Almost 20 years ago, when I was writing my first novel, trying to think of the worst thing that could happen to my plus-size protagonist, I decided that her ex would write a column called “Loving a Larger Woman.” He’d get praised for his tolerance and sensitivity.
But Mr. Bonds has long labored under suspicions that he sailed to his 73 on a tide of performance-enhancing drugs.
In 2013, with other tech leaders, Mr. Zuckerberg backed Fwd.us , a nonprofit group dedicated to comprehensive immigration change.
Jim Wilson, a photographer for The Times based in San Francisco, discussed the tech he is using.
If anyone were concerned that they’d be in legal trouble by coming forward with information, “we’re going to let that pass,” Sheriff Davis said.
Everyone involved is making every effort to ensure that the trip goes better than U.C.L.A.’s recent visit did.
Though somehow that seems unlikely: She has plans to launch an online emporium for life-enhancing home goods (everything from incense to crystals to notecards) and is in the throes of pulling together a series of soirees for London Fashion Week.
The idea of letting my weepy alter-ego make a controlled appearance is so appealing that I sometimes wonder whether I travel just to give my tear ducts a test run.
I want them to win.
He is on a pace for well under 300 mounts in 2017, down from 554 in 2014 and over a thousand in 15 other years.
On Christmas Eve, Alice texted me: “Did dad get me Christmas presents?” “Yeah!” I replied.
assessment is that no amount of economic sanctions will force the North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un, to give up his country’s nuclear program.
It is truly a refuge, representing one of the last remaining wetlands in a valley overtaken by agriculture and urban sprawl.
chairman, is expected to ask former colleagues to join the agency, including Steven R. Peikin, a Sullivan & Cromwell partner and former federal prosecutor, who is expected to be named as the commission’s co-director of enforcement, according to three people briefed on matter.
Rush-hour trains are so crowded that their aisles are filled with passengers.
director who was investigating the president’s associates, then asking him to drop an investigation into a former aide and ultimately firing him when he did not — might have spelled the end.
Although most of the animals tested in 1973 had died by the time the recent analysis was conducted, the study also concluded that an animal’s personality traits were generally consistent over time.
What’s more, if you wrote a sentence about attractive (beaux) étudiants and attractive (belles) étudiantes, the adjective used to describe them had to be masculine, too: “Les étudiants et les étudiantes sont beaux.” That was just the way French was, she said.
It was constructed in A.D. 1215 and rebuilt in 1229.
Hubert Védrine, the former French foreign minister, sees Brexit as merely a symptom of these larger problems — the false promises of ever-increasing wealth and quality of life for all of “social Europe, which will never happen.” Overregulation of everyday life from unelected bureaucrats, whether it’s bananas or electric vacuum cleaners or light bulbs, is its own problem, too, Mr. Védrine noted, and not something the European Commission, the bloc’s bureaucracy, was intended to do.
But if global demand softened for these products made by skilled workers with advanced technology, it would be bad news for Americans.
But employees said his infamous temper followed him from his home in Manhattan to the hotel’s gilded hallways.
FATHER JOHN MISTY “Pure Comedy” (Sub Pop/Bella Union) The idiom is cabaret piano ballad with electronic reinforcement.
Using “rape” to characterize what he was describing would be accurate in one sense: Children of course cannot give consent.
(Mr. Lynch is skipping the Iowa trip to remain in New York for a man’s sentencing for killing an officer in 2015 .)
But it also created a subtler set of problems now driving more and broader violence.
Peter H. Reynolds is the author and illustrator of many picture books , including “The Dot,” “Ish” and his latest, “Happy Dreamer.” Peter H. Reynolds: A lot of teachers did not like my drawing in class.
One study concluded that 60 cents out of every dollar spent on Medicaid goes to offsetting those costs .
The family was led by Angelo Bruno from the 1950s until he was murdered in 1980.
They are the Christ killers, fit principally for the ghetto, unfit for citizenship.
The United Nations aid coordinator in Yemen, Jamie McGoldrick, condemned the strike on Twitter .
“You think, ‘Wow, am I negotiating with the government or am I negotiating with an ideological movement that is fueling the government?’” said Santiago Mellado, Compassion International’s chief executive officer, in a telephone interview from the charity’s offices in Colorado Springs.
The images he came back with are a testament, if you will, to the human appetite for other species.
Less waste and less expensive means of disposal help keep costs down.
It can be hard for individual investors to parse various funds and their costs.
“A lot of companies are going to look at the numbers and decide that, under the circumstances, it’s better to leave,” he said.
Military officials said intelligence had indicated that Al Qaeda used the partially constructed community meeting hall as a gathering site and as a place to educate and indoctrinate fighters.
There are legitimate reasons someone might be targeted, such as evidence of a connection to terrorism or crime.
Mr. Moon’s party demands that the deployment, which began this week, be suspended immediately.
In a series of meetings that month, the group established the A.A.C.M., whose goal was to create original music and raise public consciousness through performances and events on the South Side.
My life was already beautiful and rich without music, just different.
One program — the Strengthening Families Program: For Parents and Youth 10–14 — aims to enhance parenting skills and adolescents’ ability to refuse drugs.
The move is a blow to Crackle, Sony’s streaming service, which has run the show since its debut in 2012.
Based on this season’s general world-expanding tendencies , it seems likely.
The government, he said, has no presence in these remote areas, and the townspeople have a difficult time selling their goods or attracting teachers and doctors to the region.
The idea was to have someone who could deal directly with Mr. Trump on the matter and coordinate with his personal lawyer, which would allow Mr. McGahn and the rest of the staff to tend to the day-to-day work of keeping the White House functioning, a White House official added.
Mr. Kim’s office wrote that after jail employees learned of Mr. Rahimi’s “radicalization efforts,” they searched his personal property and found an address book containing the names and inmate numbers of other terrorism defendants, including Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, a Texan convicted of helping to plan a 2009 attack on a United States Army base in Afghanistan, and Maalik Alim Jones, a Maryland man who pleaded guilty to conspiring to support the Shabab in Somalia.
But if you’re from out of town, how do you go about enjoying it?
The worst complication, however, started as a blister on a toe.
“Bring your sweaters and slippers,” I warn my visiting family.
She grew up in Memphis but spent a lot of time traveling with her parents, who worked for carnivals.
With Mr. Trump’s decision, Mr. Qaq said, the authority was “paying a price” for its lack of strategy for the city.
Those charges will be dismissed if he stays out of trouble.
Officers took him aside and checked his identity on a previous trip.
Sunday • Take a child to the Women’s Empowerment Festival , in honor of Women’s History Month, at the Children’s Museum of Manhattan on the Upper West Side.
“In particular, the ability to carry out U.S. airstrikes in Syria in support of the coalition against ISIS requires some degree of cooperation with Russia, which is now in serious jeopardy.” Other security experts said that much depended on the Trump administration’s next steps, and how the Assad government and its Russian patrons responded.
I think people feel pretty good about the agency today and where we’re headed.
DEADEYE DICK: RICHARD BELLAMY AND HIS CIRCLE at Peter Freeman Gallery (through Oct. 28) A wistfully romantic portrait of the postwar dealer Richard Bellamy, a passionate advocate for contemporary art and a notably indifferent businessman, “Deadeye Dick” (organized by the Bellamy biographer Judith Stein) emphasizes the early-1960s heyday of the Green Gallery, which he founded on West 57th Street, while inviting cleareyed judgments about the difficult realities of the art trade today.
Since 2009, the annual Independence Day march has become a magnet for white supremacists and far-right groups.
Have thoughts about this collection?
The tax and money laundering case against Mr. Manafort describes a complicated scheme in which he lobbied for a pro-Russia party in Ukraine and its leader, Viktor F. Yanukovych, and hid proceeds in bank accounts in Cyprus, the Grenadines and elsewhere.
• Last week, Melanie Plenda, a freelance journalist working for The Associated Press, faced criticism from Republicans and a torrent of personal attacks online after she reported on a New Hampshire G.O.P.
But the population of those three places combined is smaller than Brooklyn or Queens alone.
“This year I am going to celebrate the holiday by thinking about what freedom really means,” said the singer.
Felipe’s intervention, while unlikely to smooth relations between Madrid and Barcelona, could help rally Spain’s opposition parties around Mr. Rajoy, at a time when the Socialists have been ambivalent about how far the crackdown on Catalonia’s government should stretch.
Between the Tiger and the Lady, whom do you choose?
“If they don’t embrace their children and teenagers, they can get lost.” In Libya in the days immediately after the bombing, the father was arrested by a militia, the Special Deterrence Forces, which said it had also detained Salman’s younger brother, Hashem, now 20.
With so much on the line, one would hope that Mr. Trump has prepared carefully for the challenge.
And a thriller set at the zoo will set your pulse racing, as a mother draws on every survival instinct she has to keep her son safe from gunmen.
“Which I think is a cool way of thinking about it,” Brown said.
His parents died when he was a teenager.
Amazon’s grand proclamations, on the other hand, tend to focus on domi­nation, not on providing any sort of abstract benefit to society outside the lowering of prices and the delivery of goods.
Many Bangladeshis, the great majority of whom also are Muslim, support their government’s decision to shelter the refugees, despite the costs and the risks.
“I’ve always had an interest in Rolex because growing up as a kid I was really into music, especially American hip-hop and watching music videos,” Mr. Lee said.
We’ll take anything we can get there.” Woods, 41, rode in the cart with Reed’s wife, Justine, and Spieth’s girlfriend, Annie Verret, with whom he exchanged high-fives after the match.
But in previous years, the first student had been improving slowly, by 5 percent annually.
“A number of months have now passed, and no meaningful dialogue has materialized,” the N.H.L.
You can also find Lens on Facebook and Instagram .
A flock of starlings is the bane of the bird feeder — a vast, clamoring mob of unmusical birds soiling the windshields and lawn furniture, muscling one another aside so violently that no other birds dare draw near the suet.
Nor does Venice receive careful attention from the author.
If you are the 71-year-old Phil Jackson, building on a Latvian unicorn (Kristaps Porzingis) and a teenage point guard yet to be named, you may well require job security into your 80s to realize the restoration of Knicks greatness.
It’s a pre-loaded app called “Play Music” with an orange-and-yellow icon.
The Belt and Road videos were released ahead of a forum in Beijing next week dedicated to the infrastructure initiative.
At the summit of the Premier League; among the rich and famous of the Champions League; at suburban schools in the United States; at provincial, second-tier clubs in China; at village teams in Africa: In every corner of the world and at every level of soccer, there are indelible traces of Barcelona.
How would you describe their passion?
But for reasons that are not well understood, most people will have episodes in which the virus awakens and travels back down the nerve to the skin, where it develops into a lesion in more or less the same spot.
Dr. William J. Barber II, hundreds of North Carolinians have called for voting rights, higher wages, L.G.B.T.Q.
Here’s a look at how 10 billionaires have made and invested their money, according to public filings gathered by the financial research firm Wealth-X.
St. Isaac’s is one of the most lucrative museums in Russia, attracting almost 2.4 million tourists last year.
Though Bernstein’s “Serenade” was inspired by his reading of Plato’s Symposium, a dialogue in praise of love, he cautioned listeners not to read too much loftiness into the allusion.
We have four global editions, timed for the Americas , Europe , Asia and Australia , and an Evening Briefing on weeknights.
Among the highlights is Robert Aldrich’s “Kiss Me Deadly” (1955), a noir — adapted from a Mickey Spillane crime novel — whose tangled plotting, unexplained character entrances and themes of nuclear apocalypse could easily have set the template for the current season.
They need to do so for the sake of the climate, the budget deficit and the Americans who would otherwise lose health insurance and voting rights.
You may want to make that gift now.” In that case, you could give that asset away and pay the tax on it now, with the assumption it would be worth more to the beneficiary later.
Another faction argues that it is madness for the Front to neglect its immigrant-bashing, xenophobic roots — the line established by Ms.
I saw a woman sing the hypersexual “Pony” by Ginuwine, by herself, interjecting her own expletives.
The political news cycle is fast, and keeping up can be overwhelming.
I realize this may sound like a quantum leap, but I believe this sort of failed state is where income inequality ultimately can take even the United States.
For nearly three years, the failure rate of the North’s missile launches soared, though it is not clear how many of those failures can be attributed to the American effort, and their success has increased recently.
That this possibility is also dependent on the economic performance of the individual should not surprise us.” The rent caps and milieuschutz laws, he added, combine to make modernization difficult, if not impossible, leading to “deterioration of the property portfolio.” Yet there are also concerns that the booming property market is not sustainable.
Prosecutors on Wednesday summoned former President Park Geun-hye of South Korea for questioning in a corruption scandal, only days after she was removed from office in a historic court ruling.
The company, which is playing catch-up with its rival Christie’s in the digital arena, is scheduled to hold more than 30 online-only auctions this year.
_________ The Word of the Day and the quiz question have been provided by Vocabulary.com .
Mr. Wolff’s “Exercises 29 and 30” (recent pieces from 2011) required the musicians to listen to cues from each other.
— Gloria, Maryland A: Actually, I think socks with sandals are increasingly less taboo than you might assume for both women and men, though traditional unspoken dress codes may not have caught up to reality.
GC But the strange thing is that the psychiatrist I took that script to — because I was interested in her specific behavior — never mentioned a possible mental illness.
As reports of increasing desperation continued to emerge from the region over the weekend, governments in Britain, France and the Netherlands, which oversee territories in the region, stepped up their response.
Is it any wonder that the Coen brothers are reportedly working on a screenplay ?
Shkreli live-streamed his life,” said the lawyer, Katherine M. Bolger.
First, the initial wild enthusiasm in financial markets for Trump policies faded.
Amy Coney Barrett, one of Mr. Trump’s few female nominees, has been confirmed (55-43) for a seat on the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago.
He made two All-Star teams as a Ranger and two more as a Montreal Expo, and he won the National League batting title in 1982.
I loved the stories in “Ashenden: Or the British Agent” by W. Somerset Maugham.
In 2000, a Russian part of a joint Russian-Swedish investigative group looking into the fate of Mr. Wallenberg essentially admitted that an official note issued by the Soviet Foreign Ministry in 1957 about his death was false.
The country is the United States — to which they imported, wholesale, a European industrial aesthetic meant to wash away Prairie Style organicism and Art Deco ornament.
To use the Lincoln Bible, the inaugural committee has to borrow it from its permanent home at the Library of Congress.
The East Belfast Community Initiative, which says it mediates on behalf of former U.V.F.
My field in education had been design, and I’d first become involved in printmaking, then started doing other things — portraits, landscapes.
The pressure to find one is increasing.
men’s basketball tournament misstated the record of top-seeded Villanova in some copies.
There’d be parades and symposiums and recitals.
Or that Amazon recently joined them here , opening an office whose engineer-heavy work force will focus on perfecting Alexa, the company’s intelligent personal assistant that aims to turn us all into the Joaquin Phoenix character from “Her.” Put simply, where the tech world is going — self-driving cars; personal A.I.
The region has one of the highest standards of living in Europe along with considerable political and cultural autonomy.
In the early days of his career, Mr. Dongo was ridiculed when he performed at the street jams that regularly spring up across the city, but at Code 146 he was welcomed with open arms.
Their child, James, was born during the last days of Don’s Christmas leave.
A Family Court judge in Kentucky has recused himself from adoption cases involving gay and lesbian parents, saying that “as a matter of conscience” he could not be impartial.
Times Insider delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how news, features and opinion come together at The New York Times.
“We are looking at the Canaanite society through 160 burials and at the same time uncovering a common past for all the people of Lebanon, whatever religion they belong to.”
Mr. de Blasio brings along commissioners or their deputies and high-level police officials, and he often calls on them to respond to audience members.
According to the Federal Aviation Administration, United States civil aircraft suffered 142,000 bird strikes between 1990 and 2013.
“They should be running today.” Others were frustrated about paying for a taxi.
Canadian news reports indicated that Mr. Campeau lived in rented townhouses after his return to Canada and had a relatively modest income until his divorce from Ilse Campeau was made final.
“My only wish is to leave detention, live with my mom and study.” Then, last December, the government released Hector to his mother without any explanation, the court said.
Since its establishment in 1961 under President John F. Kennedy, A.I.D.
“He still had six years.” Yet she had to admit it.
Mr. O’Neill is a libertarian who is on the board of the SENS Research Foundation , a charity that funds anti-aging research, and until recently served on the board of the Seasteading Institute, an effort to create new societies at sea.
The number of mental health admissions at public city hospitals increased sharply over the five years ending in 2014, even as private hospitals shed psychiatric inpatients over the same period, according to the report, released last month by the city’s Independent Budget Office .
As Roger-Mark De Souza of the Wilson Center and my Stanford colleagues Chris Field, Katharine Mach and Alice Hill pointed out last week , coastal communities are already incorporating climate information into their planning and are realizing financial savings.
By 1938, the party counted 38,000 members in New York State, about half its national membership, and most of those lived in New York City.
Parks and, for that matter, the essays of Ta-Nehisi Coates.
And that, coupled with the current — it’s not even a political climate, it’s like a moral climate — has meant that the play’s been attended to in a slightly different way.
He has repeatedly stressed that less than 1 percent of Americans are serving on active duty, a statistic that service members often point to when explaining the rift between themselves and their civilian counterparts.
Le Pen reaffirmed her protectionist agenda and denounced Mr. Macron for celebrating his first-round score at the Rotonde, an upscale brasserie in Paris.
• Rail service at the station, a major transportation hub in the city, was suspended late Monday night and will remain suspended all of Tuesday.
Chelsae Clemons, 26, a technician at a Goldwind plant in Findlay, Ohio, said the emphasis on safety and training was part of the program’s value.
Mr. Gove, too, favors a clean break with the bloc.
The sheriff was an early Trump endorser.
As an undergraduate at Cambridge University, Geoffrey Everest Hinton thought a lot about the brain.
She was Puccini’s only recognized remaining descendant.
Last year might have been the year that it all came together for Karnowski and Gonzaga, except that a back ailment limited, and then prematurely ended, his season.
The clock is ticking for Mr. Peña Nieto.
— Anna Dubenko , senior digital strategist _____ From DCist : I’ll admit to a weakness for Ozymandian porn, but Pablo Iglesias Maurer’s “Abandoned States: Places in Idyllic 1960s Postcards Have Transformed Into Scenes of Abandonment” is much more than that.
Instead, the old-fashioned economy ticket — the one with the niceties — is expected to cost more.
(I’m on those sites, too: @samsifton.)
In the newspaper one day, he read an article about how someone had achieved his schoolboy dream of becoming a rocketeer.
The company’s decision to conceal the breach and pay the ransom quickly raised questions among security experts.
Then came the order to vacate.
That was the same year Hingis turned petulant during a dramatic French Open final loss to Steffi Graf, angering the volatile Paris crowd and Graf by violating tennis protocol and crossing the net to examine a ball mark in Graf’s half of the court.
And as it did, Mr. Schmidt’s profile had grown and broadened.
Long interested in museums — especially ethnographic ones — he was inspired to open his own: The Museum of the Old Colony, a movable installation comprising images, text and objects that has already been exhibited at New York University and will open in the coming weeks at the Puerto Rico Museum of Contemporary Art .
Logic and common sense dictate that the president either sanctions the killings or is incompetent to stop them.
Where does the essence of that chemistry lie?
By an odd stroke of luck, my room was spared.
Mr. Correa turned around and headed back to Harlem, where the second half of his work day is based.
You can do it here .
And it immediately begs the questions, why there are no slave ship monuments, no prominent markers on public land to remember the lynchings or the slave blocks; nothing to remember this long chapter of our lives; the pain, the sacrifice, the shame... all of it happening on the soil of New Orleans.
The problem is that the authors “remain vague as to what they mean by ‘incorporation,’” said Deborah Delmer , a professor emeritus of plant biology at the University of California, Davis.
The women were working as wigmakers to put food on the table.
“It took me a while to feel O.K.
You might see what you can manage in this regard.
Academic institutions, and our society at large, are already struggling to counteract the damage of the anti-intellectual movement that has hit its stride with Donald Trump’s presidency, and with stories like this, this dangerous movement will only be strengthened, to the detriment of us all.
So I think everyone agrees that advertising-supported content needs to remain the main driver or the epicenter of the business.
The movie, messily constructed, seems more fascinated with the tragedy of these two women’s parallel struggles than it does with the characters themselves.
Still, Halep was supposed to be the more conditioned player, the one with better timing and rhythm.
The insurance and pharmaceutical industries have figured this out.
But her frequent appearances on ballots in the Sixth District offered her an important name-identification advantage in the initial balloting in April.
At a time when President Trump talks about the United States being “locked and loaded, ” betrays a fascination with nukes, shows contempt for the law , and equates American greatness with American military power above all ( compare what’s happening to budgets at the State Department and the Pentagon), a reminder is in order.
That solar is now involved in a trade war is a sign of how far it has come.
He previously owned a minority stake in the Philadelphia 76ers, after having been involved in the Indonesian basketball league, but he eventually sold his holdings about the time that he bought Inter Milan.
Mr. Blankfein’s push into retail banking is still in its infancy, but the 20 percent-plus returns on equity that other consumer lenders manage — more than twice what Goldman reported last quarter — suggest that is a promising new direction.
They want the message, the story.
That is fiction,” said Jay Rosen, a media critic and professor of journalism at New York University.
[ The New York Times ] • They came from Mexico to pick grapes in the Napa Valley .
What comes much closer is the famous Chuck Close quotation: “Inspiration is for amateurs.
And yet, Mr. Levander said, “None of these investigations have led to allegations that Mr. Corzine engaged in any kind of intentional misconduct or fraud, or that he was at any time not truthful in his many hours of testimony.” The case also concludes a long-running political challenge for the commodities agency, which came under fire for not preventing a breach of customer money at a firm it regulated.
Next time, consider following up with a phone call (or another text, if you are wedded to the passive, digital approach).
After driving by Coffinwood , a macabre, coffin-themed property and custom coffin-making business (it’s private property but you can contact it directly for a tour), I headed toward Death Valley.
on two major civil rights cases that are still in the courts: a transgender rights case in Virginia and a voter discrimination case in North Carolina.
The sale of Men’s Journal would further shift Wenner’s business away from print.
While we all ponder that notion, Sweden’s diplomats and foreign aid workers will continue to deliver lectures on gender equality to other countries.
What else are you interested in?
“The difference is that, perhaps, now is our time.” Maintaining this newfound momentum through 2018 presents a significant challenge, however.
This year’s offerings include selections from Kevin Jerome Everson , a filmmaker-artist who has been featured in the Whitney Biennial .
“It’s a little bit trite to say, but things grow because they’re fun,” said Jeremy Liew, a partner at Lightspeed Venture Partners.
Failure to reauthorize CHIP would harm children and families almost immediately.
The American military has been fighting in Afghanistan for nearly 16 years, and the Taliban today controls more territory than at any time since 2001.
It took power in national elections a few weeks later.
But she feels the pull of her own heritage, and that of her homeland, to mining.
Though the stories were about the criminal justice system, they were also, inevitably, about addiction — three out of four inmates in Connecticut have a drug or alcohol problem, according to the Department of Correction, and the number who use opioids has soared.
Strange, a striking turn of events for a man who had already won two statewide general elections and is known by the nickname Big Luther, in homage to his 6-foot-9 stature.
“The idea that then on top of that, that person was an actor was a really tall order.” In the 2015 world premiere of “Charm” in Chicago, Mama Darleena was played by a cisgender, or gender conforming, man — though in three other productions, she has been played by transgender women.
But the aftermath of the ravaging by Boko Haram is far more complicated.
Mayor, a striker, and Sierra, a fullback, both 25, are believed to be the first openly gay professional athletes in Mexico’s history, and they are certainly the first players from one of Mexico’s national soccer teams to speak openly about their sexual orientation.
Ms. Wells’s death seemed to reveal a gap in efforts to prevent what happens behind closed doors from escalating to deadly violence.
The photographs, taken between 1948 and 1954, focus on the beauty of postwar France.
If you were a fan, you got in line.
In Philadelphia it’s $1,739; in Jacksonville, Fla., it’s $1,112.
His family watched, amazed, as the brother they knew so well re-emerged from the chaos of his dementia.
“No tax cuts for the rich”?
Parents whistled and waved their arms, holding boxes of juice and cookies, as the children emerged.
I was born in Gibson City, Ill., in 1957.
But there was one performance this year that stunned me.
Of course, there are exceptions here, too.
“It was determined that there were other, higher priority issues that merited funding, and it was in the best interest of the DoD to make a change,” a Pentagon spokesman, Thomas Crosson, said in an email, referring to the Department of Defense.
Ms. Garg has responded defiantly, saying that her critics are a minority of parents who are using hyperbole and acting in bad faith.
Cloud Imperium Games has now opened four studios: in Los Angeles; Austin, Tex.
But with or against the wind, Ostapenko gained the upper hand with her superior power and fearless shot selection.
Liautaud recently spent about $3 million for a three-mile fence near the Taos Pueblo reservation in New Mexico, according to reservation officials, along a stretch where sheep from a growing herd were getting hit on a highway.
Senator John A. DeFrancisco, the Republican deputy majority leader, who represents the Syracuse area, said that when “there was an on-time budget, he took credit because he’s made the government functional again.” “Now there’s no on-time budget,” Mr. DeFrancisco said, “so I would think it would be logical for him to indicate that maybe he didn’t do as good a job as he should have.” Mr. Cuomo has scarcely been around to make such a pronouncement: Before Tuesday, he had not made a public appearance since March 28.
We’ll be watching how the marriage turns out.
Yandex is an incumbent in a region where the government does not always welcome foreign business.
The reader feels the echo of such poems when Petrushevskaya’s younger self, a girl who’s been desperately hungry for most of her life, finds herself in possession of a fistful of silver coins.
Customers can buy molds for cannoli shells or a “Fuggedaboutit” baseball hat, or grab a replacement gasket for a cappuccino machine or a joke street parking sign that warns: “You Taka My Space, I Breaka You Face.” “We’re the last of the old mom-and-pop stores in Little Italy, which has really shrunk over the years,” said Ernest Rossi, 66, the shop’s owner.
And what’s with all the lingo — lead climbing?
“Instagram has changed everything,” she said.
You can sign up for these and other Times newsletters here .
California voters have supported bolstering rehabilitation programming, which now comprises roughly $396 million of the state’s $11.3 billion corrections budget.
Most of the prisoners, though, claimed to have never seen a beheading, or even heard of such a thing.
For the séance, she wore a pink-and-gray striped halter dress and embroidered lace-up sandal bootees, both by Fendi.
once the repeal is finalized.
Thirty-one senators voted against Justice Sotomayor, and 37 against Justice Elena Kagan, both nominated by Mr. Obama.
The truth is there’s no single answer; you just have to slog through websites (and I would recommend going via the department stores, for the assortment: bloomingdales.com , macys.com , jcpenney.com ) to find the best option: the black Hepburn-esque halter-neck buried amid the metallic, magenta lace; the spaghetti-strap jersey knit without the sheer mesh inserts.
• It’s mating season in the Galápagos.
But try to describe any of the four men who made up its brain trust, and you can barely get more than a phrase out of it: Gilberto Rodríguez Orejuela (pragmatic, a deal-maker, weak), Miguel Rodríguez Orejuela (shrewd, more tempestuous than his brother), Pacho (secretly gay), Chepe (runs New York, scowls like Lee Van Cleef).
As Warner braces for new corporate oversight — AT&T is expected to win regulatory approval in the coming months for its $85 billion takeover of its parent, Time Warner — the studio has taken steps to improve film quality.
Click on the slide show to see this week’s featured properties in Connecticut and New York: • In Ridgefield, Conn., a four-bedroom, four-full and two-half-bath renovated 1977 house.
His recent conducting work includes music by the Japanese composer Jo Kondo, scheduled to be released this year on Mr. Zukofsky’s record label, CP 2 .
I explained that I was a native New Yorker and the only manual labor I typically perform is folding up strollers in my Manhattan apartment.
In a statement on Friday, it called the charges “incredibly disheartening.”
I think I’ll be more open to things, and I won’t sweat the small stuff anymore.
While his critics are convinced that Trump the chameleon is masquerading as the protector of the left behind, he has in fact tapped into vast anger over immigration, which has shot up over the past 50 years — and there is no good reason to believe that this anger will dissipate by 2020.
Gloria Steinem, the liberal activist and writer, wrote in an email that she had grown tired of “false equivalency or even-handedness” from news organizations, which she blamed for aiding Mr. Trump’s rise.
Even the most radical groups seem to sense that expressing extreme views can be dangerous.
Guido, who is 23 and goes by Lupe, has been working at Engineered Floors for almost two years.
“You don’t create jobs by signing a piece of paper if those jobs rely on a combination of economics and technology that the president doesn’t control,” said Kevin Book, a managing director at ClearView Energy Partners, a Washington analysis firm.
“Basically, the environment was destroyed to produce that shrimp.”
“Those are the highly desired guns, the guns criminals will pay thousands of dollars to buy,” Professor Alpers said.
What kind of music does M. Lamar play?
In some instances, you hope that you can continue a civil relationship, for the good of the children.
Here are selections of the Philharmonic’s first 100 years as a recording orchestra.
“The more we go on, the more fragmented it gets,” Professor Malejacq said.
“Establishing a distinctive worldview, an indelible character, and adapting his voice to the world as it unfolds on Twitter: That’s a lot to accomplish in 140 characters,” Miranda told me.
“That’s how they connect to their peer group, that’s how they get their support, that’s how they have a conversation with their group; you take this away and then you have a very isolated child.” Over all, Dr. Mojtabai said, we need more information about whether there really is a trend here, and much more information about the teenagers’ lives.
Set in 1965, this psychological horror film stars Agnes Bruckner as Heather, a teenager with strange powers whose parents leave her at an isolated all-girls school deep in the woods of New England.
“They’re expanding what it is to be criminal,” she said.
Mr. Carranza, the Houston superintendent, said that after the crisis of Hurricane Harvey passes, the district would resume its work turning around the low-performing schools on the state’s watch list.
In a statement on Thursday, the White House pledged to work with the government to bring the attackers to justice, saying “the enemies of Afghanistan will not succeed in their attempts to destroy the country and divide the Afghan people.” As Afghan and American officials were busy trying to tackle the affiliate in its stronghold in the east, urban attacks claimed by the group started increasing, particularly in Kabul.
Activists and artists of their generation had to develop much harsher, darker senses of humor as calluses against the much rougher struggles they endured.
Veteran financial literacy educators and advocates welcome the additional tool, though some of them were underwhelmed by my notion of a grand, master class on paying for college.
Work promotions, romance, ninja battles — it’s all a far cry from Mr. Nanjiani’s past gigs, which included roles as a counter guy, a custodian and an airport security guard.
“This is happening here, there’s shamanic work over there.” Another said: “Maybe we were all belly dancers together in a past life.” After the final round of meditation, one student volunteered her vision, of having been her mother in the past.
To that end, cooks in several cities have begun hosting black-focused vegan food festivals and “mac downs,” where hundreds of people compete in vegan mac-and-cheese competitions.
“I liked it more than my usual tweets.
Captain Nowalsky, an American lawyer charged with denazifying Berlin, had also established the only Jewish orphanage in Berlin.
None of the three are particularly great or good, and Arthur’s entanglement with them, as the outsider among entitled troubled youth, has a “Brideshead Revisited” feel, but with less theology and purpose.
To the Editor: Re “ An Odd Couple Is Pushing for College Cost Clarity ,” by Ron Lieber (Your Money column, Oct. 21): The confusing language of college financial aid offers is especially overwhelming for first-generation and working-class students.
“And then he really did it,” Ms. Goodman said in an interview with The New York Times.
“I think that’s what helped me with the success in 2015, being able to locate my fastball and pitch off of that.” During deGrom’s stretch of wins dating to June 12, he has struck out 58 hitters, walked just 12 and posted a 1.61 earned run average over 61⅔ innings.
Death has not diminished the American modern-dance choreographer Merce Cunningham (1919-2009), at least in terms of his dances.
“I was thinking to myself, what arrogance.
With Aaron Rodgers out long term, the possibility remains that the Packers could seek help from a veteran free agent.
An entire half — and then some — remained in the A.F.C.
Is there anybody in this cabinet who you can like?
Read more » _____ • Ed Pilkington in The Guardian : “The 36-year-old husband of Ivanka Trump might have dug himself deeper into a hole by leaning so heavily on personal ignorance as the core of his defense.” If we are to believe Mr. Kushner’s version of events, writes Mr. Pilkington, then the American public has a right to be concerned about the naïveté and lack of understanding displayed by the president’s senior adviser.
It’s a portrait of an intellectual and sentimental education that offers almost unseemly pleasure.
Spelacchio cannot even save appearances.
Arte Povera, the politicized avant-garde art movement that blossomed in Italy in the late ’60s, is having a moment.
But they still appreciate the symbolic importance of the claims in Ottawa.
There were also nine image-based product listing ads displaying different Reef sandals for sale; only three were offered by reef.com while the rest were ads from other retailers.
Narragansett makes most of its beer, including its lager, in Rochester, at North American Breweries , which also produces Genesee beer.
She had played the most selective schedule of her career — only eight tournaments in 2016 — and her sporadic play had allowed Angelique Kerber to end Williams’s three-and-a-half year reign atop the world rankings .
The alleged thefts took place over three years beginning in 2012 and encompassed millions of rides, officials said.
Don't see this out of the best in the world too often.
Newhouse editors also enjoyed spectacularly generous budgets at their magazines, which often ran deep in the red for years before turning profits.
Everyone has been saying this forever, of course, and it usually comes off as something an old person would say.
It was never removed from the envelope and was taken across the South Pole in it.” “Again on his second South Polar trip [1934] the Admiral asked me for the dollar.
Kunlun Red Star is 7-4 in the seven-team league, and its sister team, the Vanke Rays, is 8-1.
“Bálsamo wood is the future of cachaça,” Jean Ponce said via Greg Caisley, the bar’s owner and chef (Mr. Caisley, an Australian expat, served as translator for my conversation).
A nearby summit and lake were named Dick’s Peak and Dick’s Lake in honor of the old sailor.
In London, Qatar’s foreign minister, Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani, accused his country’s foes of “clear aggression” and said Qatar was ready for a lengthy standoff, having developed new supply routes for food, construction materials and other imports.
212-352-3101, lamama.org LIMÓN DANCE COMPANY at the Joyce Theater (May 2-3, 7:30 p.m.; May 4, 8 p.m.; through May 7).
So have the multimillion-dollar bidding wars at auctions between the sheikhs of the Mideast and the well-heeled lads from Ireland.
Stay away from open windows, Megyn Kelly!
Both purchases were of four-bedroom sponsor units and made through limited liability companies.
Here he appears with Matt Brewer on bass and Antonio Sanchez on drums.
“He always preferred to be the master of his own laboratory.
Mr. Guo is not the first Chinese tycoon to leave the country in a cloud of controversy and decamp to the United States or another Western country.
Frank once confessed to Jennifer that he always wanted to write a cookbook about meatloaves, but being neither a cook nor cookbook writer — two seemingly insurmountable obstacles to such a project — he gifted the idea to Jennifer, who then insisted they do it together.
There’s progressive, then there’s progressive.
The political story lines are weaker and a lot of the exposition is ham-handed.
Definitely Punta Ala, a town set on the Tyrrhenian Sea.
“They threw tear gas, but even then they couldn’t remove us,” said Ms. García, now 67.
Instead they step onto a live talk show set to make paella and promote “Best Food Friends.” When the news breaks on live TV, a chyron pops under Dev’s image that reads: “DEV SHAH: Sexual predator Chef Jeff’s ‘BFF.’” As Chef Jeff storms offset, Dev lies: “I don’t know anything about this!” “Master of None” reveals how it’s often easier to support a woman in the abstract than it is to actually condemn a man, especially if that guy is your blustering celebrity boss.
Sessions said that any decisions about the investigations would be made “without regard to politics, ideology, or bias.” Representative Jim Jordan, Republican of Ohio, pressed Mr.
then asked the Supreme Court to review that ruling.
One, a medical student who had a brain injury, was “in good spirits talking to his family,” Dr. Chilimuri said.
Competition is fierce, as retailers like Walmart, Target and 7-Eleven sell groceries, and Amazon and Fresh Direct deliver to the doorstep.
In the end, they say, they have no choice.
In Monday’s hearing, for instance, Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina, asked Mr. Comey which Obama administration officials would have had access to the leaked information, implying that officials from the previous administration must be responsible for the leaks.
At the same time, six weeks in, there will probably be new calls for more rules to keep football’s stars secure and upright.
David Axelrod, a senior adviser to Mr. Obama, said, “I don’t recall anything moving him more.
Meanwhile, Saudi Arabia has executed more and more members of its Shiite minority to demonize the group and to deliver a harsh message on dissent to Saudi citizens.
Calle Jarnkrok, Viktor Arvidsson and Filip Forsberg also scored for Nashville, which improved to 9-1 at home in the postseason.
When it was clear the heavy rain would not soon subside, the rabbis continued to lead the wedding ceremonies away from the crowds still outside.
Doctors use focused blasts of ultrasound to smash kidney stones.
Antonetti told Francona, who also missed a game last August after he experienced chest pains, to put his health first.
1.” Zverev does not bask in his accomplishments, in large part because the Grand Slam achievements have eluded him.
I love cooking and it’s very therapeutic for me.
On the day in 2015 when Trump endorsed a Muslim ban, Flake tweeted “Just when you think @realDonaldTrump can stoop no lower, he does.” Flake attended prayers at an Arizona mosque that afternoon.
The First Amendment, the courts concluded , required the government to protect the rights of the marchers and to control and, if necessary, punish any lawbreakers.
• Mr. Hulse on why Congress’s bipartisan budget deal should make Mr. Trump worried .
“It was a cunning thing to do, but Proust had a large network and he used it in a very modern way.
BEDTIME DISTRACTIONS I play my games, I look at Instagram and then I watch Netflix.
North Carolina State shot 55 percent after halftime, with Smith dominating the Blue Devils (15-5, 3-4) and finishing 10 of 18 from the floor with six assists.
Kluber also has a significant edge in E.R.A.
I just think you look better without it.” Late last year, at a bar, I looked around and noticed I was the only man there, including the bartender, without a lush growth on his face.
It’s just cheap beef pounded thin, dressed in seasoned flour and fried, an Americanized taste of the schnitzel brought to Texas by German immigrants in the 19th century.
MISTER LONELY (2008) on Amazon and iTunes.
“They wanted me for the whole summer,” he recalled, but he said no.
“People from Livingston say it’s definitely Livingston.
Eleanor Lin , a nurse who works in the Bay Area, said she would welcome a single-payer system.
Much of the U.S. population has an ancestor who was processed there.
Some of his unpublished images capture the event’s humor, beauty and joy.
Younger shoppers are increasingly willing to try supermarket-brand items, which are no longer seen as lower-quality knockoffs, a trend that could be accentuated if the economy takes a turn for the worse again.
“Our attention is so focused on the opioid epidemic right now,” he said.
The company also announced it would embark on a sweeping reorganization to ensure that executives are more closely supervised by its board of directors.
Julian Fellowes of “Downton Abbey” is one of the screenwriters on this adaptation of the Agatha Christie novel.
Zwirner will share the space with an advisory firm, Adler Beatty.
If you were to roll a ball out into the precise middle of 50 players, why would Westbrook emerge with it instead of the other 49?
Late Monday, Israeli news outlets reported that the attorney general would soon announce charges against Mr. Netanyahu’s wife, Sara, on accusations that public funds were misused in the family residences.
The most recent season of the critically acclaimed animated series “BoJack Horseman” featured a subplot affirming abortion, and Brit Marling’s new science fiction series, “The OA,” turns into a bizarre commentary on guns and school shootings.
In an interview Wednesday morning, Mr. Hurst, 30, described himself as humbled and awe-struck by his victory.
In that sense, perhaps there was an element of a leopard in a flock of gazelles, looking around, evaluating the women as prospects.
In any case, passing the laws and applying them are two different matters, in large part because the judges, the police and other officials in charge of enforcing these laws are often conservative themselves.
You can toss together bean soup pretty quickly if the beans are already soaked.
And a true-crime documentary comes to A&E.
They have some company in that hole, with the Minnesota Wild down by 3-0 to the St. Louis Blues and the Calgary Flames down by 3-0 to the Anaheim Ducks.
The constant caresses were part of an effort, he said, “to make them feel my love.” After the children and their fathers were divided into two teams, they walked out to the middle of the court in two straight lines and waved to a crowd of imaginary fans, as if they were professional players in a packed stadium.
In his groundbreaking book, “Distinction,” Bourdieu argued that class status was not merely a measure of money in the bank, but an accumulation of signs.
What exhibits would you have?
But here, it has given rise to extended lock-in parties behind protected walls.
“The real work is done in what’s missing, in what’s in between.” Those missing pieces are most apparent in the government documents, once classified but still heavily redacted, about the abuse at Guantánamo that Ms. Cornwall includes throughout the book.
“China can see benefits only for a U.S. regional plan, not for South Korea’s national security interest,” he said.
Mr. Robinson, across the room, nodded, adding, “He kept me from being crushed completely.” At least the ambulance was nearby.
The traffic lights were flashing yellow on eerily deserted streets, ruined household belongings piled on curbs like hillocks of plowed snow.
Van Hits Pedestrians in Barcelona, Killing at Least 13 in Terror Attack In China, an Action Hero Beats Box Office Records (and Arrogant Westerners) Or, maybe you found stories like these from the Style, Science, Sports, International, U.S., Tech, Science, Education, Business, and Arts sections: Taylor Swift Spoke Up.
2 Baylor (30-2) advanced to the Big 12 final with an 88-71 win over No.
In some cases, those assets are their children.
He was a founder of the Salem-based music label Rykodisc, which produced Grammy Award-winning albums from reissues of David Bowie and Frank Zappa.
“This is not necessarily a one-way relationship,” Dr. Pershing said.
Nearly 80 percent arrived in Italy, with the rest divided among Cyprus, Greece and Spain.
After all, I know all the data.
As a young man, Congressman John Lewis, who represents most of Atlanta, literally put his life on the line in pursuit of justice.
He may have just thought this joke was really funny, which, told by him, it was.
And while impostors are commonly thought of as assuming a higher status, to which they have no claim, these characters take on the identities of those they perceive to be of lower status, to whose sufferings they have no claim, in order to engage in a kind of theater of pain.
One ties you to the center of the universe, the other cuts you off.
It’s going to be as close to 100 percent as possible.
He tells Bailey that he cannot die, there are too many lawyers and private investigators and publicists and stockholders dependent upon him for their livelihood.
Stay tuned for “How to Solve The New York Times Crossword,” a guide to getting beyond those Monday clues that will be published online by The Times in November.
EmCare said in early February that it planned to reach agreements with insurers for most of its doctors.
Ms. Artis said that when she was growing up in Brooklyn, she was sent to visit relatives in North Carolina in the summer, and hated having to get up early to weed.
On the blueprint mapped out by the White House, Wednesday was supposed to be a day devoted to national security.
The United States will have a hard time solving problems in the Mideast without Tehran’s cooperation: in Lebanon, where it backs the Shiite militant group Hezbollah; in Syria, where it is propping up the government of President Bashar al-Assad; in Iraq, where it supports the government of Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and trains powerful Shiite militias; and in Yemen, where to some extent, it is backing the Houthi rebels against the government.
_____ • The indictments of President Trump’s former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, and his longtime deputy have cast a shroud of foreboding over the White House.
When they moved, those books were donated with the rest.
These guys might be too busy to worry about décor.
That program gives foreign investors preferential treatment in obtaining permanent residency, in exchange for investments of at least $500,000 in American development projects.
Other advocates for Irish immigrants noted that while Mr. Trump’s travel ban did not affect Ireland, it could eventually be expanded to target different groups.
In the end, Ms. Ben Hania explains, “it is the policemen who are afraid of her.
Today, the winds are OBOES in the orchestra pit.
There, he quickly gravitated to the Vietnam vets he saw on campus and, eventually, to activists like H. Rap Brown and Stokely Carmichael, with a detour through psychedelic rock, psychedelic drugs and psychedelic clothes.
On Friday, North Korea tested a ballistic missile that experts have said could have the range to hit California.
“The way he went through the world was as a writer,” she said.
“You don’t really need me there,” he said.
He and Ms. Black urged protesters to become involved in local politics and issues rather than focusing on what they called a virtually unreachable goal.
this month, in which he said that the United States should have “kept” Iraq’s oil after the American-led invasion and might still have a chance to do so.
Alaska and the District of Columbia still limit drivers to 55 m.p.h., and Hawaii to 60.
Will Beyoncé join her onstage?
The Reader Center is one way we in the newsroom are trying to connect with you, by highlighting your perspectives and experiences and offering insight into how we work.
And so, especially, does the recommended viewing she lists at the end of each chapter — certified examples of excellence that only the most insistent of contrarians might challenge, including “Casablanca” and “Chinatown” for screenplay, “The Hurt Locker” for directing, and Viola Davis in “Fences” for acting.
Under United Nations Security Council sanctions against North Korea, the country cannot sell seafood abroad.
Mr. Banks also appeared in documentaries: “We Shall Remain, Part V: Wounded Knee” (2009), a Ric Burns “American Experience” television film directed by Stanley Nelson; “A Good Day to Die” (2010), directed by David Mueller and Lynn Salt; and “Nowa Cumig: The Drum Will Never Stop” (2011), directed by Marie-Michele Jasmin-Belisle.
The New York Times is expanding its coverage of Australia, New Zealand and the region – and we want to hear from you.
Starting salaries are low, but after the developers begin working as billable contractors for companies, their pay rises, up to $30,000 or so, comparable to salaries for young professionals in Africa’s urban centers.
Freedom is hard in Asia, not only for women, but men.
Often people, especially young people, need to be part of something bigger than themselves or even their families, some immense idea to devote one’s life to.
Qianlong, one of the greatest of the Manchu rulers of the Qing dynasty, cobbled together a vast multiethnic Chinese empire through conquests and alliances.
On Friday, union workers remained embroiled in a contract dispute with Charter Communications, which offers cable, internet and telephone services under the name Spectrum.
Mr. Holleman said vigorous federal enforcement of laws governing coal ash disposal was crucial because utilities like the Tennessee Valley Authority, which are responsible for managing coal ash storage, held so much political sway at the state level.
But there wasn’t even a bathroom there.” He struggled to find a buyer until a local mason, impressed by the intricate stonework, bought it for $625,000 in 2014, knowing he might spend twice that amount to update it.
“I was in a complete daze.
This week, Kenneth C. Griffin, a major political donor and the founder of the hedge-fund company Citadel, which has its headquarters in Chicago but employs hundreds of people in New York, went to Washington to press that case, according to three people with knowledge of the travels.
In early 2015, she fell seriously ill. As her health worsened, Mr. Mohammad described her condition in a phone call with his cousin Ahmad — the same cousin who had taken him to jihadist lectures as a teenager.
Sometimes a revival is better than the original.
He and his collaborators have gained new insights into heart disease and Type 2 diabetes , for instance, from studying Old Order Amish.
The will-they-or-won’t-they characters have to get together, and at that point the show is closing in on its finale.
A celebrity or comedian typically provides entertainment; that person is neither the host nor the master of ceremonies.
“They’re saying, ‘If I have a brand name that is pristine and prestigious and known by the wealthy, let’s see how I can leverage it across other product lines.’” Hotel and residential real estate have been particularly popular expansion choices.
Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device : Via RadioPublic | Via Stitcher A New York Times investigation has found three decades of sexual harassment allegations against the Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein.
As an unincorporated engineering consultant, Samuel must file Schedule C for a sole proprietorship.
• Shares in Suning, the Chinese appliance giant that bought Italy’s Inter Milan last year, dropped after state-run media questioned whether Chinese tycoons had taken over indebted European soccer clubs to launder money .
It is not hard to understand why Chinese millennials, absorbing such lessons, are often blamed for their lack of concern for others.
They point out that even an obstruction-of-justice charge that Mr. Young faces is based on his statements to agents about a fictional F.B.I.
Behind those decisions was a desire to avoid confrontation and leave Washington for the Christmas holiday.
Citizens exercising their constitutional right to assemble, organize and have their voices heard by their elected officials is exactly what we expect to see when American values are at stake.
Joining the rarefied $100 million-plus club in a salesroom punctuated by periodic gasps from the crowd, Jean-Michel Basquiat ’s powerful 1982 painting of a skull brought $110.5 million at Sotheby’s, to become the sixth most expensive work ever sold at auction.
EAT, LIVE, LOVE, DIE Selected Essays By Betty Fussell 298 pp.
“Fifteen years ago, for the Japanese, Swiss mechanical watchmaking had to be traditional,” he said.
Regardless of the version being served, the common feature of this pastry is plenty of fruit — preferably fresh, dead ripe and picked at the height of the season.
I would buy a cake.)
you work for,” he added.
When the news comes on, I worry I will see their faces.” A woman named Sandy described a stampede in Queens after a fake post about an ICE raid circulated on social media.
Just use a light touch when spreading the syrup from the strawberries over the frangipane, and you should be fine.
The statuette positioned at the top of Oregon’s 1939 N.C.A.A.
Hitchcock also adapted du Maurier’s story “The Birds” (he had less happy results when he took on her novel “Jamaica Inn”); Nicholas Roeg turned another du Maurier story into “Don’t Look Now.” And while an earlier version of “ My Cousin Rachel” (1952) doesn’t rank alongside these films, it does have two perfect stars: Olivia de Havilland and Richard Burton .
Sometimes, the texts were sexually explicit.
The steep increase has the potential to destabilize the country’s financial system, the ratings agency warned, which could hurt the prospects of a country that has been the single biggest driver of global growth for a decade.
Two nights ago, an overnight rainstorm knocked nomad off the air for a few hours.
Keflezighi won here in 2009 and won the Boston Marathon in 2014.
ZA Sport, the official Russian outfitter for the Games, unveiled Russia’s uniforms last month , and they were relatively subdued: a lot of tan with red, white and blue stripes, plus some bright red or blue knits, and scarves with a quasi-Constructivist design.
Our wider-ranging interview with Mr. Thiel is here .
A cloud might roll by, straight through the screened-in porch, and there are no other homes in sight.
Like many companies, SeaWorld has a policy that a director who does not receive a majority of votes must resign from the board.
In April he was hired to replace Alexandra Shulman at Vogue, and he officially started in the top job Aug. 1.
A number of Red Bull employees who held management positions at Salzburg departed, meaning there were no longer any individuals who could exert influence on both clubs.
As she wrote on Facebook, “I was taken to hospital that night for being suicidal.”
SOUTH AND WEST From a Notebook By Joan Didion 126 pp.
“They are the two coaches who taught me everything and were most important to me,” Mladenovic said.
Intel’s move also raises the issue of the role of science fairs in education in the so-called STEM fields — science, technology, engineering and mathematics.
“They are the ones who hurt us and our country and displaced the people,” he said.
Has this series exposed you to new ideas?
But was it avoidable back in the 1940s, when the Cold War went from an ideological conflict to a permanent military confrontation?
Soon after, the authorities tried to get him to board a plane to Dubai, but Mr. Vayeghan hesitated.
After a while I wanted a change of scale, something beyond the human struggle, no matter how heartbreaking.
But he continued to receive $6,000 bills for annual dues and thousands in minimum charges for food and beverages that were never consumed.
Does he stay up late enough to watch?
But French cinema owners had criticized Netflix for not fully participating in France’s unique system, in which a percentage of box office revenues go toward financing new films.
And that 90 percent of terrorism’s victims are Muslim.
Lotfi Zadeh, the computer scientist and electrical engineer whose theories of “fuzzy logic” rippled across academia and industry, influencing everything from linguistics, economics and medicine to air-conditioners, vacuum cleaners and rice cookers, died on Wednesday at his home in Berkeley, Calif.
He was accused of letting Wall Street off the hook for misdeeds that helped lead to the crisis, and he was frequently forced to defend the fact that no senior banker of note was prosecuted, let alone convicted, for the actions they took that brought the economy to its knees.
I can also divest individually, in my retirement account, with the help of socially responsible mutual funds, which have lately proliferated, some with impressive results.
They have reviewed hundreds of clips of contentious plays, participated in online webinars and practiced conveying their findings to the on-field official in concise language.
This month at least gives people a time where if you bring up race, everyone doesn’t get nervous.
“I love seeing new places, and the best places.” It is tennis that has taken her to so many new places, including New York for the United States Junior Open this year.
Book by calling 888-226-4412 .
The concern, Mr. Weimer said, is that the “pipeline is not very old.” The mixed-bag record contrasts with TransCanada’s promotional materials and news releases, which talk about exceeding regulations and building exceptionally safe pipelines.
Last week, the Princeton economists Anne Case and Angus Deaton unveiled new research offering a bleak portrait of Mr. Trump’s base of white men and women without a bachelor’s degree: They are, indeed, dying in droves, committing suicide and poisoning themselves with drugs and alcohol at much higher rates than blacks, Hispanics, or men and women in other advanced countries.
“We don’t want the ministry to tear down the building when the terrorist didn’t manage to do that,” said Janne Wilberg, the city of Oslo’s director of cultural heritage.
■ 7A: There is definitely SEX in some R-rated movies, but would you consider them SMUTTY?
We’ll pick a podcast on Mondays, and discuss throughout the week.
He responded, according to the woman and a witness, with an obscene gesture.
JESSE GREEN The problem with successful musicals is how to keep them that way.
I want to marry him!” She added: “I’m still a typical girl.” Tall and lanky, Lin Fan, 18, is the youngest member of the group and has yet to find her rock-star mojo.
The summaries showed that investigators had focused their questioning on whether others were involved and whether Mr. Rahimi still had additional bomb-making materials.
“As someone who gets a lot of Twitter hate,” Trevor Noah said, “I’d prefer it to come from a cute little egg.” And late night’s favorite target is getting a show of his own.
One gouache, “That Girl,” shows a translucent, misshapen face with a tightly closed rose in place of one eye and a blue hair bow jammed in the other; inside her fishlike mouth, two girls dressed like Alice in Wonderland are having a prim tea party.
Meanwhile, a family heirloom, her father’s oak David Linley desk, replaces the traditional checkout counter and hosts bespoke client meetings.
The way she sees it, by denying him adequate treatment, the government has continued to torture him.
Perhaps this perception contributes to the teaching shortage used to justify fast-track approaches to preparation.
Islamist militants, most affiliated with the Islamic State, have been pressing a twin-pronged war in Egypt, attacking the security forces in remote Sinai while striking civilian and police targets in major cities.
There are two-hands-required cemitas (Pueblan sandwiches served on a sesame seed bun), pita-like wrapped tacos Arabes, and tacos placeros stuffed with orange rice, along with offerings from chiles rellenos to hard-boiled eggs.
Even staff members from “The Late Show” have asked him for assistance.
The decision by Empire State Development was first reported by Bloomberg .
While some provisions in the new order have been relaxed, Mr. Trump and immigration hard-liners in the administration are expected to assert that the new version is no less strict because it retains a temporary ban on refugees.
But in a statement, the airline said the decline had nothing to do with a policy change.
Le Pen’s victory, cultural figures have ratcheted up their pro-Macron activities in recent days while organizations that normally don’t take sides in elections are weighing in.
Danny Tarkanian, Mr. Heller’s Republican challenger, said the conversation among activists was no longer dominated by finding the most conservative candidates.
shares would be by the end of the year.
“What do you want to let go?” Ms. Rizzolo asked.
Sandi Jacobs of EducationCounsel, a consulting firm, cited eight states that recently doubled — to 10 years — the time a teacher must work before vesting, or earning a nonforfeitable right to a pension.
Media hacks have Twitter, excitable teenagers have Snapchat and middle managers have LinkedIn, but in the art world, the social network of choice remains Instagram, where all the world’s beauty is gridded into squares.
By far, the worst performers were aspirin and vinegar with added sugar.
Dr. Christina Mack, director of epidemiology for QuintilesIMS, which compiled the injury data for the N.F.L., fielded that question.
The tournament includes 16 teams and will be played in four countries before the semifinals and the final are played at Dodger Stadium March 20-22.
Each etched name marks the shattered hearts of parents who opened the door one morning only to see a casualty notification team that bore the tidings of their son’s death.
“His success speaks for itself, but more than that, I firmly believe that his passion for the game and his innovative approach to coaching student-athletes make him the perfect fit for our program.” Kelly won three Pac-12 titles in just four seasons (2009 to 2012) in charge of the Ducks, who were turned into a marvel of exciting football by his up-tempo spread offense.
We treated ourselves to fondue at dinner, and fell into conversation about inventions throughout history.
The pre-eminence of anthracite (hard) coal mining by the 1840s , and the discovery of oil in Pennsylvania in 1859, sent industrial landscape photography, already enamored of bridges and levees, into a tizzy over machinery and half-finished iron structures.
Make no mistake: This is a work in which nothing happens.
Sotheby’s has paid back the buyer of the work, and now the auction house wants the two defendants to reimburse what they earned from the sale.
Even if the vulnerabilities were small, you do not want to take any chances.
Western officials and the news media have for years routinely described President Aleksandr G. Lukashenko of Belarus as “the last dictator of Europe.” So it may have been jarring for some to hear him expressing deep support for human rights, democracy and the rule of law in an address last month to a large group of United States and European lawmakers who came for a conference to Minsk, the country’s tidy, but utterly uniform, capital.
With his father, Aras, Mr. Agalarov’s Crocus Group paid nearly $20 million to license the Miss Universe name and bring the 2013 pageant to Crocus City Hall in Moscow.
That term is, simply, the surname of the sitting American president.
Several students have developed book projects from their blogs and Instagram pages, and I promote their work, charities and events on my own social media feeds.
Throughout their workouts and for an additional few hours, the scientists drew blood to check for levels of a particular hormone, acylated ghrelin, that is thought to influence appetite.
Repeat customers, the eczema association’s certificate of acceptance and a medical product billing insurance code have all helped raise the site’s visibility and attract business, Ms. Scott said.
For Mr. Springsteen, whose last tour with the E Street Band sold an estimated $268 million in tickets around the world, the show’s economics may be less important than the simple lure of playing to fans in close contact.
“In all that big old planning and strategy, there was a big old hole.” Hunts Point, a mostly industrial community, has a residential area that includes a large homeless population.
A man answering the telephone at the hostel said it was booked on Wednesday and most coming days.
Edge has a new book, “ The Potlikker Papers: A Food History of the Modern South ” (Penguin).
Mr. Bah was killed in a hail of bullets fired by officers from the Police Department’s Emergency Service Unit, who opened fire on him in his Harlem apartment after less lethal options for subduing him failed.
“This isn’t the time for elected officials to be overly tactical,” Bill Lipton, state director of the progressive Working Families Party, told me.
And Roethlisberger reverted to his traditional form on the Steelers’ final possession.
Will it cause headaches for people?
This person is hard to understand, or they’re not credible, or they won’t stand up to cross-examination.’” Mr. Decker said that when Congress spent years drafting, debating, and finally voting on hate crimes legislation, which passed in 2009, it was a struggle to ensure that it punished crimes singling out people with disabilities, as well as bias based on categories like race or sex.
“He’s not afraid of the haunt value: Could this guy come back and haunt us?” In one way that has already happened.
Many people have no idea how bad that was,” the president told a crowd in Bismarck, N.D., last week.
Mr. Mohammed said he knew there were threats to the protest, as militants have targeted previous peaceful rallies, but he came in solidarity with the young people in front of him.
Mr. Chávez gave himself the authority to suspend unfriendly judges and to pack the courts with new ones, destroying the judiciary’s power to act as a check on his presidency.
Vendors outside the Bay Area will be able only to buy, not rent, unless there’s enough demand for Mr. Cohen to create an additional transportation hub.
Bower was 45 years, 1 month and 2 days old when he played in his last N.H.L.
In September, Ms. Wilson began a master’s program in psychology at City College, where she is a part-time student, paying tuition out of pocket from her annual salary of about $35,000.
“Many of us had watched with pain as the party and government were being reduced to the personal property of a few infiltrators with traitorous histories and questionable commitment to the people of Zimbabwe,” the party leaders said in a resolution.
After flowers were recently stolen from her sidewalk planter, she taped a warning note “to the creep who keeps stealing these plants.” Her Sunday evening invitation-only salons have a Bohemian feel.
Such sectors still employ millions of Americans.
Ms. Figueroa and her grandson still live just about five blocks from Wildlife Conservation.
There is more history, depth and complexity in contemporary science than what some scientists make of it.
But does that mean he was repeating false rumors or making unfounded accusations?
The anthology takes its title from a 19th-century compendium of 8,466 numbered sentences designed to help travelers compose shorter telegrams; to use this system, the sender and the receiver of the telegram would each have a copy of the book and would communicate such useful messages as “I am onboard a steamer ship bound for Paris” by writing “45-Paris,” or ominous ones like “A sad accident has happened” merely with “461.” The anthology’s editor, the poet and novelist Helen Klein Ross, chose some of these sentences and assigned them to poets to use as titles.
Mr. Evan is a Broadway veteran who appeared in “Les Miserables” and “Jekyll & Hyde” and also sings with the Trans-Siberian Orchestra, a band that often toggles between classical and rock.
Young theatergoers have many opportunities to interact as fellow travelers.
DOUG EDWARDS, LOS ALTOS, CALIF.
concussion settlement may not have to pay their lenders back.
Being snowed in can be a great chance to put on your chef’s hat, so start out with our guide to cooking for the storm .
The measure passed the House 414 to 0 on Friday, just as lawmakers were about to begin their summer recess.
But in many ways a preview for a wall, and what it can and cannot accomplish, has been here for nearly two decades.
“We want to see ourselves depicted as soulful, sensitive, profound, valorous, wounded, tolerant and funny beings.
There were proposed themes for each week, to lend a “cadence” to the transition.
You were not in a Martin Heidegger costume in Times Square on the morning of Wednesday, June 21, posing with intellectually insatiable tourists; you were in the Union Square subway station blocking the entrance of the fourth car of the uptown 6 train.
It’s a pattern consistent with the argument that Republican voters were slower to make up their minds than Democrats.
She has discussed fund-raising assistance with Mr. Brock, once a self-described “right-wing hit man” who switched sides and eventually became one of Hillary Clinton’s fiercest loyalists during her campaign against Mr. Trump.
Soundgarden at its best was Mr. Cornell’s ideal vehicle because it gave his voice copious possibilities to grapple against.
Britons are asking themselves if they could have stopped the bomber .
But that night, so soon after the election, he needed something to calm his nerves.
Some museums have also responded by quickly staging politically relevant exhibitions.
The ball came back to Acosta for an easy score.
It hardly helped that Lowry missed the final two games of that series with an ankle injury.
His biography there reads, in part: “Parilli brought national recognition as he introduced Bear Bryant’s T formation that baffled opponents and spectators alike.
• And fashion forward: Edward Enninful, born in Ghana, was named the first male editor of British Vogue since its founding in 1916.
In this they were profoundly wrong.
Mr. Meckler makes a case against lifetime appointments for Supreme Court justices, arguing that the founding fathers never intended this group of jurists to hold so much power for such a long time.
Its future there is uncertain .
“I thought the stakes were so high,” she told me.
In their world, things like drinking alcohol, mixing between men and women, and dancing can lead to committing sins.
There’s a pair of huge ’60s speakers and a wall full of vinyl.
It was a way to get a bunch of jokes out of the fact that you could look anything up.
And this has put the con under terrible strain.
Friedman said those were formidable hurdles, but when they finished the initial interview, Zaidi remarked that it was as if Roberts had the answer key.
He named his previous two collections “Mastodon” and “Walrus.” They concentrated on the primordial, with thoughts about mankind going the way of the dinosaurs.
“The problem is the pool itself may not be diverse.
Over the weekend, a former engineer at the ride-hailing company wrote a blog post about her experiences of sexual harassment and the indifference managers at Uber displayed.
Assessment: This talking point, adopted by many , many members of the G.O.P.
The witch hunt against the comics coincided with the widespread expulsion of women from the postwar work force and the persecution of gay people in federal government.
It is more the thrill of getting very high.” Neil Ta, a photographer in Toronto, took up rooftopping in 2009 to fulfill an aesthetic curiosity, climbing to the tops of tall buildings in Canada and during his travels in Southeast Asia for the view.
Ms. Rezagui, for example, sees her career in politics as continuing her grandparents’ anticolonialist fight in Algeria.
Once the Huskies began hitting shots in the first quarter, U.C.L.A.
“You get scared that, even if you have all your papers, if you get a little drunk, or have a fight, they’ll arrest you and kick you out of the country.” During the Saratoga meet, Mr. Contreras lives in a backstretch dorm, in a dank room with bunk beds, his sparse possessions neatly arranged on the concrete floor.
“Without the deal, that would have been $32 or $33 billion,” he said.
Everything felt great.” Harvey made just 13 starts this season, with a 4-3 record and career-high 5.25 earned run average, before sustaining a shoulder injury.
When the comedian Hasan Minhaj stepped up to deliver his remarks at the White House Correspondents’ Association dinner on Saturday night, he had known for more than two months that President Trump would skip the gala .
And yet I might prefer the Panthéon installation.
“He’s lying to my face.” Moreover, Mr. Shkreli had been trading the company’s shares during windows when company officers were not allowed to trade, and he had issued stock grants to new employees that exceeded the available amount of stock.
His stand-up is fast-paced, smart and interactive, and his illusions reveal the same caliber of creativity and cleverness.
Or, if you have some leftover rice sitting around from takeout or good planning, try Kim Severson’s ace recipe for rice cakes , which would go nicely with fried eggs, a green salad or a platter of oven-roasted Italian sausages.
And we visited a high school in Ohio where, as teachers seek to integrate climate science into the curriculum, they face students who are suspicious of evidence of a human role in global warming.
The walls are lined with comic books, album covers, posters and shelves of movies and music, most on VHS tapes and vinyl.
United States citizens may sponsor immediate family members — spouses, minor children and parents — for visas that are not subject to any caps.
First, he and his wife, Linda, 62, a retired costume designer, built a modest ranch house, then invested in some farm equipment, bought a heifer, and added a honey-producing beehive and a vegetable garden.
“I want people to leave with the understanding that it’s O.K.
The party is in the middle of a major push to derail Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act, encouraging activists to swarm their members of Congress at town hall-style meetings and assailing Republican leaders for lacking a specific plan to replace the health care law.
Avenues promised to prepare students for a global world by offering bilingual instruction in Spanish and Mandarin.
She would be upset if I stayed, to be honest.
Doctors say they’re seeing more of a rare but dangerous condition among newcomers to spin classes.
Matthew Fiedler, a fellow in economic studies at the Brookings Institution and a former Obama administration official, explained in a recent blog post how the bill could bring back coverage limits.
The site recently ranked all 50 states and the District of Columbia in five categories: family fun; health and safety; education and child care; affordability; and socioeconomics.
Its future, however, was as uncertain as Haiti’s.
Sunday • Adults can learn to ride a bike in Jackie Robinson Park in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn.
The party has been railing against immigration, poverty and corruption.
Weston’s version of a hot spot these days is Lachat Town Farm , a 42-acre property left to the town and the Nature Conservancy in 1997.
Was it as simple as letting go of expectations and finding the good in good enough?
He was then taken to a hospital, where he was in critical condition on Tuesday, South Korea’s state-run news outlet Yonhap reported.
The hasty review process obscured defects.
Also on view are advertising-style photographs of Rolex watches and pieces of the original architectural steel grid from the Renaissance Society — a project by Mr. Poledna that doesn’t translate as well to the gallery in New York.
He wore military fatigues, and he told me he re-enlisted in the military after he got out of the hospital in 2013.
But he emphasized that proof was still needed to tie the gang to the heist.
“Fed up,” “hoodwinked,” and “bated breath” are some examples in English.
Some of the instructors have told him not to go, he said.
Despite the numerous people of Irish background already in the country from earlier waves of migration, Ireland was an eligible country under the program because, at the time, its economy was doing well and few people were emigrating.
The camera was right behind the soldiers as they raised their rifles.
Bits and pieces of fake news may be mixed with truth, distorting our perception of what is actually real.
Rather, he said, “there was a rush to judgment: The church, feeling it should be both supportive of the complainant and transparent in its dealings, failed to engage in a process which would also give proper consideration to the rights of the bishop.
You can also find Lens on Facebook and Instagram .
But rarely, if ever, has a president this early in his tenure, and with such personal invective, battled the courts.
You could make Bobby Flay’s double-chocolate pancakes for breakfast this weekend, particularly if you have children and any of them are entertaining sleepovers tonight or Saturday — it’s a child’s fantasy made real, that dish, insanely delicious, the perfect thing to eat before an afternoon spent watching the X Games in Aspen .
As the Revolutionary struggle ground on, Adams was dispatched to Europe as a diplomat while Jefferson served as governor of Virginia.
He was bored with small choices, so he would push you hard but get out of your way if he saw that you were committed.” Mr. Ferrá was born in the city of Camagüey in central Cuba on July 14, 1937, to Maximo Ferrá, a cabdriver, and the former Graciela del Risco, a homemaker.
My fear when I was a kid was that I would end up working in the post office.
The tool is unavailable for anyone still filing a Fafsa for the 2017-18 school year, which ends in June 2018.
She graduated from the University of Virginia, from which she also received a master’s degree in financial engineering.
Plastic bags should be reused and recycled instead, they argue.
It was 33, not 35.
It was all about mass appeal.” Friends who have known Mr. Fallon since his time at “S.N.L.,” where he was a cast member from 1998 to 2004, say he has a likability that is more durable than any fleeting cultural shift.
Critics of same-sex parenting have frequently pointed to a 2012 study by a University of Texas sociologist that suggests children of gay and lesbian parents are significantly different from children raised by heterosexual couples.
The judges upheld the district court’s dismissal in the case of Mr. Hadford, whose only identifying feature seemed to be that he liked to ride his bike around campus.
The fastest times are run on days when the average outdoor temperature is in the 40s.
The “gold standard” medical treatment for hair thinning is a drug applied to the scalp called minoxidil, widely known by the brand name Rogaine.
And at first Trump was like, ‘Who cares about the votes?
Only about 10 percent of the season’s total grosses went to plays, compared with 89 percent for musicals and 1 percent for special events.
In a late burst of activity before a monthlong summer break, the Senate on Thursday confirmed more than 60 of President Trump’s nominees.
“It’s still raw.” • And a bag with moon dust collected in 1969 was sold for $1.8 million to a mystery buyer .
and the Republican Party in the State Senate has been a vexing, and growing, problem for the traditional group of Democrats in that chamber.
This says to America: I’m going to tell you a lie that is so outrageous that you will want to believe that some part of it is true, to preserve your faith in truth, democracy and mankind.
“So I’m adding ghosts or whatever: things that go bump in the night, creaky floorboards, mysterious things, to the house.
Even the most ephemeral street art is not usually this fleeting: Minutes after the work is finished in the metallic glint of dawn, passers-by stop, stare — then carry bits of it away, until the whole thing collapses.
of the 1989 All-Star Game Mets 1.
A laminated card signals that you want a water refill.
Charles Dickens’s father was jailed for unpaid debts in Marshalsea Prison, one of many notorious lockups in the area.
How steep are the prices?
Most people in that waiting room would probably be, too.
The Mets then headed for flood-ravaged Houston and a day off.
“You go first,” was one notable comment, so I did, bleaching my whole head.
On Thursday afternoon, I decide to email the company’s chief executive officer, Sundar Pichai.
In 2015, the music licensing agency BMI reached $1 billion in revenue for the first time, and Michael O’Neill, the company’s chief executive, predicted that it would take another three years before the agency could, after expenses, pay $1 billion in royalties to its songwriters and music publishers.
What is this form called?
That is “probably a great part of the allure — discovering something that seems beyond reach, sometimes impossibly beyond reach, that pulls you forward into its orbit somehow.” What became “Phantom Thread” was originally conceived around three years ago while Mr. Anderson was briefly bedridden with an illness.
Drake is a teacher to many, but he’s still a hungry student, too.
“‘The Lost Boys’ is to horror movies what ‘Late Night With David Letterman’ is to television,” Caryn James wrote in a review for The New York Times .
“When we ask my grandmother if she wants to go back to Afghanistan, she says, ‘No, I don’t like it there,’” Hosna Waziri said.
The agreement required the approval of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, on which the State Department has a voting seat.
How is it to play in your home country in front of your fans?
Lester is an unsuccessful composer of musicals in the grip of a sort of writer’s block: He can’t seem to come up with a decent love song.
This week, the Joffrey Ballet, which left New York for Chicago in 1995, returns to this city: It brings “Romeo & Juliet” — choreographed by Krzysztof Pastor to the Prokofiev score — with a difference.
The patrons were newspapers and magazines.
“My comments on Islam have never veered into vitriol,” he said.
The only reason I know how to speak Ukrainian is that it was mandatory in school.
But when the party commenced, the women assembled — all recently or soon to be married — began discussing their prewedding preparations.
Calmejane held off the Dutch rider Robert Gesink on the final climb and rolling finish.
But this contest may better resemble an earlier presidential nomination fight: the epic contest between Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama.
(Some countries in Europe introduced registration plates in the 1890s.)
Last Wednesday, when Mr. Trump was railing against the news media and announcing his desire to open a widespread investigation into voter fraud, Ms. Trump posted a video of her infant son crawling on the White House carpet.
Stephen Colbert’s “The Late Show” was left out of the best variety talk show category last year, cementing a perception that the show was struggling.
The court, the Constitutional Council, which ensures that legislation conforms to the French Constitution, found that a provision that made it a crime to regularly consult websites that promote terrorism disproportionately violated the freedom of communication .
Here are five possible definitions for the word “intersectional” — give it your best shot.
Roof would do what he did on Wednesday morning: walk to the lectern, insist to the jury that “there’s nothing wrong with me psychologically,” then return to his seat faster than the ink could dry on my legal pad.
Most of her possessions had blown away.
Has there been any change in the ambivalence with which the rest of the country viewed New York?
• See the exhibition “ Kerry James Marshall: Mastry ,” before it closes on Sunday, at the Met Breuer on the Upper East Side.
According to the A.I.B.A.’s bylaws, a vote of no confidence by the executive committee members means Wu, the president, cannot act, and that an interim management committee must be formed to take over administrative duties.
Disadvantaged parents tend to be less engaged with their children’s school work.
Larger courses don’t have built-in structural barriers to sharing, as some dishes at Empellón Cocina did.
He creates worlds that are clear in a sentence-by-sentence way, but in which the big picture recedes against the horizon.
Navigating shortages — Cuba imports 70 to 80 percent of its food, according to the World Food Program — frequent electricity and internet outages, and a decrepit water and sewage system are just some of the headaches for hotels trying to maintain standards.
“You want the city to look its best,” she said.
You can also add “Seinfeld” to your Watchlist .
Tweet me at @mikiebarb .
Ms. Carusone, 37, is a political consultant and a senior adviser to Americans for Responsible Solutions, a Washington-based gun violence prevention organization, founded by Gabrielle Gifford and Mark Kelly.
Mr. Montgomery did not defend that reasoning at Monday’s argument in the case, Packingham v. North Carolina, No.
LYNDA ANDERSON I knew from a very young age that marriage was not for me.
The officials said that the men, communicating through internet messaging applications, intended to carry out bombings and shootings in heavily populated areas of New York last year.
After a frenzy of congressional action to rewrite the tax code, salesclerks and chief executives are calculating their gains.
President Trump promised to replace the Affordable Care Act with something that is better, is cheaper and covers more people.
At the time of Mr. Tull’s departure, Wanda denied that the executive shuffling was related to the performance of “The Great Wall,” which was released late last year in China, where it took about $171 million — a strong total, but $29 million less than the threshold producers had given as the minimum amount the film needed to reach to be considered a success, given its cost.
Your handprint could be going on a local fishing tour and leaving a positive impression.
BAKER: Yeah, a year earlier, though.
Is that a valid complaint?
Except that this is not the right moment to pick on Junior.
To the Editor: Re “ Cake Case Takes Court Back to the Culture Wars ” (front page, June 27): As a prominent wedding cake maker based in New York, we do not discriminate among our customers.
Which events should be featured?
Judge Gorsuch, 49 — who was appointed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit, in Denver, by President George W. Bush — is an originalist, meaning he tries to interpret the Constitution consistently with the understanding of those who drafted and adopted it.
Amazon has developed a camera and scanning software designed to automatically determine customers’ measurements and upload them to their accounts, according to the person familiar with Amazon’s apparel talks, who saw an early prototype of the device.
Mr. de Blasio promised to help.
“As with any change, there is always resistance but the advantages to having civilian students far outweigh any concerns of nearly 20 years ago,” Admiral Alfultis noted.
But they had never seen an American president taunt the North with similar language , until Mr. Trump threatened it with “fire and fury like the world has never seen” and said his country’s military options were “locked and loaded.” ”The Americans had always been an ally who would prevent, not start, war on the Korean Peninsula,” said Kim Ji-woon, a college student attending a rally on Monday in central Seoul that featured a large banner reading: “Trump, shut up!” “With his trash war talk, Trump makes me wonder what’s the use of the alliance.” Mr.
The guides at Chobe Game Lodge are breaking gender norms, according to Botswana experts.
It was the tale’s latest shocking twist, but also a logical culmination for a season that saw the major female characters overcome all sorts of tribulations — as well as real-world complaints about the show’s sexual violence — to emerge as the game’s most formidable players.
More than in most other art forms, jazz’s big discoveries and developments have historically happened onstage: The music’s creation depends on an engaged, participating audience.
“But the very young child,” he reasoned, “isn’t able to differentiate between what is a negative example and a positive example.” Still, plenty of people are undaunted.
She painted the same mountain in Northern California for almost 20 years,’’ says ­Moreno-Bunge, who discovered Adnan’s work last year during an artist residency in Sicily.
The doubt, the questioning, the fear — those are things I was constantly facing and still am.” Ms. Teuscher didn’t end up relocating to another ballet company, but four years ago, she did make an important change.
That includes the Skoll Awards, which recognize social entrepreneurs, and his funding for documentary and feature films like “An Inconvenient Truth,” on climate change, and “Spotlight,” on the cover-up of clergy sexual abuse in Boston, which won two Academy Awards.
I know this because I can look on the Alexa app while I’m at work and see what he’s been playing.
How much pressure it exerted on the bubble, and thus the size of the bubble, were a mystery.
Roughly 19 million fewer people would have Medicaid coverage.
last year ended the practice of not announcing “provisional suspensions” — during which players awaited hearings on doping violations — acknowledging that they were the same as silent bans.
Despite his defeat, Mr. Wilders’s Party for Freedom did come in second with 20 seats, and he remains a powerful far-right provocateur.
How it achieved this feat is itself a fascinating story.
Brazilian Willian, surprisingly selected ahead of Hazard in the starting lineup, twice put Chelsea ahead in a sizzling contest, first after four minutes with a free kick and then close to halftime from the penalty spot.
Wall Street,” Mr. Weinberg began a tradition of Goldman executives taking leading roles in public service that is continuing under President Trump.
“The employer agreed to the terms of vacation, which is usually its duration, not its timing, at hiring.” But by adjusting mind-sets and planning ahead with common-sense strategies, experts in fields related to work-life balance and communications believe that individuals have the power to combat what has become the norm in many American offices.
Ms. Grafton spends half the year in Santa Barbara, Calif., and the other half in Louisville, Ky. She and her husband travel for pleasure, but she also tours for book signings every other year.
Measuring 23 feet by 80 feet, “Mural” maps the whirl of global trade and communications and was deemed “the most ambitious painting I’ve seen in a dozen years” by Calvin Tomkins of The New Yorker.
“How do we try to show and prove to them that we mean well and we’re not going to like rip them off or show them in a bad light?” Every morning after breakfast, the crew made the five-minute trek from its downtown hotel to the arena.
The event opened on Nov. 3, a day after the preview of the 24th edition of the Artissima art fair in Turin.
Even in the hospital, a patient who experiences a delay in getting defibrillation of about one minute has almost a 20 percent absolute decrease in surviving to the point of a hospital discharge.
That is why the gold medal goes to the de Blasio team, which was up against a field of strong contenders that included Mr. de Blasio’s predecessor, Michael R. Bloomberg, Gov.
It could also give Sinclair a presence in most of the country’s major markets.
“We were really the first one selling quality food in the train terminal,” said Stuart Zaro.
His responsibilities will include jewelry, luxury accessories and all imagery, including that used in stores, e-commerce and advertising.
What I love about the recipe is how the notes below it reflect what I learned when I first tried to make the dish: They show how, if you ask any 10 people from the Philippines how to make adobo, you’ll get 10 different answers, all of them yielding a delicious dish.
Humera Hamad, a resident of El Paso, Tex., who was on vacation in Playa del Carmen, said she was in the club when the shooting started.
“I think the demise of the church and the various scandals that they became involved in, particularly around child abuse, did change mind-sets in Ireland,” he agreed, “because people were no longer willing to accept without question the teachings of the church.” He is still, he says, “a member of the Church.
“He was the first man to give Negroes a sense of dignity and destiny,” the Rev.
“In Danis Tanovic´s 2001 film, ‘ No Man’s Land, ’ two guys are sitting in a minefield.
“Everybody loves Alona.” Barkat’s office can be found not in Beersheba but in the center of Tel Aviv, 60 miles north.
The agency sees the president as its main customer, and conventional wisdom in Washington holds that a C.I.A.
“Since I came into the N.B.A.
“If someone came into your house and built a wall in your living room, tell me, how would you feel about that?
Buck later discovered that the Léger was sold to settle her father’s debts.
A stranger came banging on her back door one frigid winter morning.
However, he quickly added, “Needless to say, people with both healthful lifestyles and close social ties lived the longest of all.” In another study , published in The New England Journal of Medicine in 1984, researchers at the Health Insurance Plan of Greater New York found that among 2,320 men who had survived a heart attack, those with strong connections with other people had only a quarter the risk of death within the following three years as those who lacked social connectedness.
NeighborhoodScout , a paid service starting at $79 a month, goes deeper.
Yet the danger of a territorial system is that without adequate safeguards, it would simply lead to a different set of schemes to shift profits from the United States to foreign subsidiaries, which would, in turn, eat away at the tax base.
“I don’t want to say I was in negative mind-set, but I knew going in that I’m not in a safe place,” Federer said.
But, you know, that’s life, ain’t it?
“These are forces of evil the world must work together to defeat.” The hospital attack comes at a difficult time for medical workers in Afghanistan.
“ Mr. Fox ,” by Helen Oyeyemi; “ Hillbilly Elegy ,” by J. D. Vance; “The Art of Intimacy,” by Stacey D’Erasmo; “ We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves ,” by Karen Joy Fowler; and “ Jonathan Swift: The Reluctant Rebel ,” by John Stubbs.
The country is struggling with an acute hunger crisis that has affected at least 17 million people, more than a third of them considered close to famine.
The report was published on The Houston Leader and debunked by the fact-checking website Snopes, which called the site “one of a series of fake news sites that masquerade as real news sites by emulating the appearance of big-city newspapers.” Another story falsely reported that the American Medical Association had recognized a form of Trump-related anxiety or depression, “Trump Depression Disorder,” that it claimed affected one third of the country.
It’s our ally and one of our largest trading partners.”
That’s because he is conspicuously not invited (though he plans to march Monday in the big Columbus Day procession along Fifth Avenue).
I’ve only looked at one review online, and it was very much concerned with the speed of the ravens.
She won both those matches in straight sets but Williams proved a greater challenge.
The summer of 2015 gave viewers a new answer, something much more appealing than the low-budget and notably un-air-conditioned spinoff “Bachelor in Paradise.” There was a hot new show in town, an all-you-can-eat buffet full of conflict and controversy, insults and eliminations.
Insurers must allow parents to keep children on their policies until the age of 26, and they cannot charge women higher rates than men, as they often did in the past.
“I just think it was a wrong decision not to play us last night, because we could have played.” Officials told Djokovic and Mannarino that they were concerned about public safety of the fans — they estimated there were 30,000 still in the grounds — rushing to get an open seat at Centre Court.
‘A FANTASTIC WOMAN’ Sebastián Lelio’s portrait of Marina, a transgender woman mourning the death of her lover and facing the hostility of his family, is at once bluntly realistic and ripely melodramatic, polemical and poetic, pointed and, well, fantastical.
The Stormers certainly saw the rally as their step out of the web’s shadows, one made possible by the following they had built online.
Ikea hacking sites and plug-and-play app culture, the transformable bed is part of a new Ikea concept called Delaktig, which will be unveiled at the Salone del Mobile design fair in Milan next week.
Mr. Jacobs agreed not to sue in exchange for a letter of apology and a $50,000 donation to the Committee to Protect Journalists.
In a brief statement, Mr. Cooper — whose razor-thin victory over Mr. McCrory in November was due in large part to voter frustration over the national backlash over House Bill 2 — said, “I support the House Bill 2 repeal compromise that will be introduced tomorrow.
President, Syria needs our help, especially the innocent children.
As part of the punishment, Deutsche agreed to hire an independent monitor, who after being approved by the Department of Financial Services will review the bank’s relevant compliance system.
They, too, invited guests to an engagement celebration.
Three million Vietnamese people died in the conflict, roughly 7 percent of the country’s population at the time, according to the most widely accepted current estimates.
Or the one about how while we want to mourn our own dead with dignity, we tend to drown other people’s sorrow in numbers.
Global positioning systems are dogged stalkers.
Counting calories can also be very motivating.
After getting last rites from the Catholic Church, he was taken off life support.
What is your experience with crossword puzzles?
Exxon Mobil had been slow to join the oil shale boom since it purchased XTO Energy, a shale gas driller, for more than $30 billion in 2009, shortly after natural gas prices peaked.
A NEW CHILD, A SICK FATHER — I’d had a year that drained me emotionally and physically in ways I had no words for.
It can be sad and troubling: dealing with addictions and pain, fear and death.
There was Dar, pulling out his remaining hair over Max’s slow verbal output: “This is getting tiring, Max.” Carrie prodding Quinn to use his words at the white board: “What are you looking at … wanna tell me?” Carrie shouting for a sign of life from Rob, Elizabeth Keane’s forever-preoccupied chief of staff.
The risks began to take a toll on her.
The Flushing line’s route across Queens might be the same, but the passengers have undergone a remarkable metamorphosis.
Precisely what form that magic took was in dispute: Did semen exert its influence without physical contact, as sunlight nurtured plants, or did it serve as the key ingredient in a divinely ordained recipe, as a kind of baby batter?” Female anatomy was largely hidden and therefore poorly understood.
“A year ago I would’ve said I’m very worried about the eurozone stability,” both of which are now outperforming.
Reaching agreement to keep the government open past midnight that Friday will be the first priority of Republican leaders when Congress returns Monday from a two-week recess.
After the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, Fox News embraced the American flag as if it were its own, then became an uninhibited booster of the Iraq War and an unabashed critic of those who opposed it.
“Sorry,” he said, moving on.
This horrid episode was followed, just a few years later, by the Fenian Brotherhood raids into what was known as British North America.
Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice .
After a year of dating, they decided they wanted to leave the city and move closer to their families, and while Nick, 30, never pressured her to move to the farm, she knew he wanted to work alongside his father until his retirement.
His father was a teacher.
Interest in Tribune was heightened late last month when the F.C.C.
They’re actually building a huge museum in Switzerland right now by a famous architect and they’re investing a lot in their brand, like Patek Philippe has.
The research suggests the bigger problem with coastal California isn’t that not enough people can afford to live exactly where they want – it’s that not enough people can afford to live there at all.
The internet has long had a reputation of being an anything-goes place that only a few nations have tried to tame — China in particular.
Facebook and Mr. Prakash said that earlier collaboration could improve relationships and perhaps help overcome some of the challenges that publishers face, such as how to increase subscriptions or newsletter sign-ups from inside Facebook.
“He’s a visionary,” William C. Ford Jr., the company’s chairman, said at a news conference on Monday.
The issue could be something fundamental: The questions are bad, or voters are misrepresenting their opinions.
“Every goddamned angle was covered.
A large gallery at EMST showcases music by the Soviet composer Arseny Avraamov, whose “ Symphony of Sirens ,” backed by gun blasts and metallic droning, is a classic case of an artwork for a future that never came.
In response, the Security Council passed Resolution 2118 , which set plans for the destruction of Syria’s chemical weapons.
Because the case has never gone to trial, the eventual Supreme Court decision won’t resolve the conflicting accounts or establish the motive for the agent’s fatal shot.
“So studying water inevitably facilitates understanding of how people are dependent upon one another.” She approached Mr. Nadel, whom she knew through anthropological circles, about collaborating.
I did so because the alternative would have been worse.
The agreement between Mr. Boies’s firm and The Times acknowledged that the firm would from time to time do work for clients whose interest may be adverse to the newspaper’s — a fact that Mr. Boies cited Tuesday.
Mr. Flake told CNN that he had put pressure on Mr. Scalise’s gunshot wound.
Hannah lashes out, but it sounds like she’s addressing herself, both as parent and child.
ART & SCIENCE QUINCE-APPLE Rickreall, Ore., $16 Cider’s wild edge, with flavors and aromas that suggest mythic, old-time fruit.
Socialite Karen Walker (the national treasure Megan Mullally) is hoisting a martini glass like a sauced Statue of Liberty.
This means that deficit spending no longer provides much if any economic boost, because it drives up interest rates and “crowds out” private investment.
The notoriously complicated form , which is longer than the typical 1040 tax form, collects detailed information from students and families about income, expenses and taxes.
The dessert was to be named after Charles-Simon Favart, an 18th-century French playwright for whom the opera’s main performance space is also named.
A selection from all good local and regional publications would stretch for thousands of words.
Leilah Weinraub, its chief executive, is focusing on her filmmaking; her film “ Shakedown ,” about the Los Angeles black lesbian strip-club scene, is included in this year’s Whitney Biennial, and will be screened in May.
These days, references to the Underground Railroad course through literary and popular culture.
At both of her New York dates, she will be joined by the gnomic West Coast rapper Earl Sweatshirt and the free-jazz torchbearers of the Sun Ra Arkestra.
The bulldozer has starring moments.
(Picture book; ages 3 to 7) THE WOLF, THE DUCK & THE MOUSE By Mac Barnett Illustrated by Jon Klassen 40 pp.
Mr. Price’s job was on the line since the first of a string of reports by Politico, on Sept. 19, about his extensive use of chartered aircraft.
Many people felt — and still feel — that it enables drug use and sends a message that drug use is O.K.
Ms. McGrath said she has adopted a “live and let live” policy with the bar.
Some city governments have responded with new regulations.
Some of them will know better, but I suspect that in the final scene they will be left with the question “What have we done?”
It means that the author’s book biography cannot state that he participates in a college-level sport.
And get ready for the intrigue of FX’s “The Americans,” which returns for its penultimate season.
There’s actually not much sex to be found in the Constitution, debates over obscenity, contraception, abortion and homosexuality notwithstanding.
Russia has been rapidly drilling recently and could add up to one million barrels to its daily output over the next five years.
Mr. Cristerna’s prescription: A little bit of give and take.
“Hopefully they invite me back for another,” he said.
The reader understands what’s going on before Linda does.
“You can imagine it’s like one and zero, or open and closed, or a circle and a line,” explained Mr. Riedel, who was interested in the resulting abstracted pattern, covering some 5,000 square feet.
In a span of 32 hours last week, emergency workers in Louisville responded to almost two calls per hour for overdose patients.
Jonathan, who is now 40 and favors rumpled shirts and faded jeans, came to ministry without strong positions on sexual or gender issues.
But skeptics questioned the likeness, the date — even Mr. Schein’s motives.
The shrimp are sweet and nicely firm-textured: Eco Shrimp, $28 a pound for large, $30 a pound for jumbo; Greenmarkets at Union Square, Wednesdays and Saturdays; TriBeCa and Grand Army Plaza, Brooklyn, Saturdays, ecoshrimpgarden.com .
” Sean Alfano contributed reporting.
The colt that had banished him, Cloud Computing, was rested by his owners and pointed toward rich races at the end of the summer like the Haskell Invitational and the Travers Stakes.
Filtering into the music, he freely acknowledged, are echoes of Nina Simone, Kanye West, Björk, Joanna Newsom, the psych-folk songwriter Linda Perhacs and the Brazilian songwriter Milton Nascimento , among many others.
The explanation did not seem to mollify Democrats.
Supporters said the bill ensures that low-income women will have equal access to the procedure.
The American Hotel and Lodging Association found that 85 percent of hotels had fitness facilities last year, up from 63 percent in 2004.
The horses also had genes for retaining water, perhaps indicating that the mares were milked for human consumption.
Everyone works a little harder.
“Everybody that I’ve talked to has no idea how I throw it the way I do,” Hand said.
Another count says that he defrauded Retrophin to pay back MSMB investors via settlement agreements that were never approved by Retrophin’s board, and by sham consulting agreements.
After leaving his old college campus, he headed over to his parents’ house for a home-cooked Ethiopian meal.
But his plan fails to answer critical questions on costs and the number of people who will be covered, will likely run into significant resistance from the states, and may not even satisfy the most conservative House members.
Half of them are Michele Bachmann.
First, he noted that the plan was announced only in April and that details had not been worked out.
Mr. Ma’s warm, dusky playing of this lyrical stretch was wondrously cushioned by the orchestra’s harmonically ambiguous atmospherics.
It just means you’re not going to succeed in that lane right now.
It is no coincidence that the Golden State Warriors and the Cleveland Cavaliers have powered their way through the conference playoffs for three straight years.
This country needs a few good Republicans — one more would do — to rescue it from Betsy DeVos, one of President Trump’s worst cabinet choices and his pick to run the Department of Education.
In her review of “My Son” in The New York Times, Janet Maslin wrote that Mr. Puri had made his character the center of the film “through sheer force of personality.” He also had small roles in “Gandhi” (1982), the Mike Nichols horror film “Wolf” (1994) and the historical thriller “The Ghost and the Darkness” (1996).
We know that most people type better when they sit still than when they stand up or move about.
None of them has been in office even two years, yet all have a negative approval rating; President Trump, who rode the anti-incumbent wave to victory, has seen his ratings go from weak to weaker in office.
The act heralds the end of a 52-year conflict.
Pershing Square declined to disclose redemption figures.
That, he said, had translated into friendlier policies toward Israel.
There’s really no question that Russo’s William Nolan character is based on Redford.
“Salvadoran society feels a lot of rancor towards the gangs because of all the damage they have done,” said Fred Ramos , a photographer who has been documenting Mr. Valladares’s life outside of prison , where he belongs to an evangelical Christian congregation that is also home to 30 other former gang members.
While a campaign observer might have imagined the nation was obsessed with immigrants and Confederate statues this season, it turned out the actual voters were way more concerned about health care.
One of the few signs that there had even been a shooting was not a protest banner or a placard but a makeshift memorial of handwritten letters and poems at Jordan’s football locker at Mesquite High School.
Even if it’s not a physical matter that he can’t alter, the most well-intentioned criticism of someone’s “presentation” can still feel an awful lot like criticism.
Oct. 30 A burst of notifications before lunchtime announced a major advancement in Robert S. Mueller III’s investigation into ties between Russia and the Trump campaign.
The National Guard was at work a day later clearing the trees that blocked the road.
His iPhone, within reach, remained untouched.
The regularity of these appointments, and the close monitoring that the schedule suggested, should have terrified me.
The documents do not say how many inspectors entered the warehouse.
All comments are moderated by the Learning Network staff, but please keep in mind that once your comment is accepted, it will be made public.
This episode demonstrates how good the series is so far at drawing out suspense.
It’s a $30 lip balm that really, really works.
Drummond had 6 points and 6 rebounds early, but the Knicks got back into the game when he sat with two fouls.
There will also be 21 players who have represented Europe in the Ryder Cup, most notably Thomas Bjorn, who will lead the European side in Paris in 2018.
His own experience with the French underground had given him a taste of what it meant to fight a guerrilla war against such a force, and he saw the phenomenon again when, as a doctoral student at Syracuse University, he first visited Indochina in 1953 to conduct research for a dissertation on the nature and evolution of Ho Chi Minh’s regime (which he completed the following year and published as his first book in 1956).
More than half of 85-years-olds need help with one or more basic self-care tasks, including getting out of bed, walking across a room, going to the bathroom, bathing, dressing, eating, taking medicine, using a phone, shopping and cooking.
He was not undeterred by a hard hit to his throwing hand in the first half, needing just a few minutes to undergo X-rays before returning without having missed an offensive snap.
director , Mr. Putin repeated his view that there was no evidence to support the accusations that Moscow interfered with the American presidential election.
Our guide to stand-up, improv and variety shows.
But Boucher is out for the season after tearing an anterior cruciate ligament in the Pac-12 tournament, so the runner-up, Rhode Island, only a No.
Steve Bannon may no longer be physically in the White House, but his spirit lingers there as the guide of the Donald Trump administration and the soul at the core of its beliefs.
The reader vaguely trusts Alexie emotionally.
Twenty-thousand new students arrived at public community colleges in New York City last fall only to be told they were not ready for college-level work.
At a fund-raiser last month in Palm Beach, Fla., some men asked him if it was permissible to hug a woman and where the boundaries should be drawn.
“I think it’s a dangerous game to chase every new outrage,” said Senator Brian Schatz of Hawaii, a new member of his party’s leadership.
She is standing by the sunglasses, unobserved.
• A Times video on Mr. Phillips and his reasons for refusing to create the cake.
“It was a franchise that was literally in bankruptcy, in an aging building that needed to be replaced, that had a waning pipeline of talent,” said Greenberg, who, as an attorney, helped negotiate the Penguins deal for Lemieux in 1999.
The change is terribly damaging for the country’s political system.
The move against Mr. Heller had the blessing of the White House, according to an official with America First, because Mr. Trump’s allies were furious that the senator would side with Nevada’s governor, Brian Sandoval, a Republican who accepted the Medicaid expansion under the health law and opposes the Republican overhaul, in criticizing the bill.
Although some Republicans may fear a voter backlash in the midterm election, the greatest threat to re-election for most G.O.P.
Right-wing nationalism lost in France to an alternative outsider.
When it comes to electronic surveillance, the court has focused mostly on government use and collection of personal data , often in the context of criminal law or health care, and not the conduct of private companies.
installation in Benghazi, killing Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and three other Americans.
Mr. Baker aims to identify and exploit enduring technological themes, like the continued growth of e-commerce and cloud computing.
The authors seem to have taken Elsa’s warning — “Don’t let them in, don’t let them see” — too much to heart.
That much you surmise more or less from the beginning.
As Oklahoma’s attorney general, he sued the E.P.A.
Unlike Jose Ramos, Pedro has no motive.”
Some critics suspect that the Modi government’s position had less to do with supporting Muslim women than pleasing Hindu nationalists, who have long argued that the same laws on marriage and divorce should apply to all religious groups.
He suspects that algorithms scanning for words like “satanic” or “murder” may be limiting ads from running with his content, but can’t be sure as discussions with YouTube product managers have yielded little information.
Honesty and integrity are at the core of our values and our client relationships.
No other form of exercise that researchers looked at showed comparable impacts on life span, Gretchen Reynolds wrote.
Investigators traced the IP address for the purchases to a hotel in Dortmund where the team had been staying before its Champions League quarterfinal match against A.S. Monaco, prosecutors said.
• Traveling with a partner?
And not only has the utopian imagination been stung by its own failures, it has also had to face up to the two fundamental dystopias of our time: those of ecological collapse and thermonuclear warfare.
American military commanders have argued during the monthslong policy assessment that the additional troops would enable the United States to reverse gains made by the Taliban and militant groups like the Islamic State’s Afghan affiliate, the Islamic State in Khorasan.
“She was doing a bunch of things that women in movies didn’t usually do,” Ms. Hart said.
Also, 4.1 percent, the unemployment rate, which is down half a percentage point , or nearly 800,000 workers, since the beginning of the year.
“Our reading of that is that the stressors were so severe they overwhelmed the coping skills of most kids,” said Kate McLaughlin, director of the Stress and Development Lab at the University of Washington, who led the research team.
He said Mr. Trump’s denials that he had ever met Ms. Zervos at a hotel or made sexual advances on her were factual statements — not defamatory slurs.
Ms. Maiolino was born in 1942 in Calabria, the less developed south of Italy, and early memories of wartime privation, as well as the burdens of immigration and leaving one’s native tongue, suffuse her later art.
With so many to choose from, selecting a magnifying app may seem overwhelming, but Cozy Magnifier & Microscope , Smart Magnifier and Magnifier are among the more highly rated ones in the store.
“Marshall” touches on some of those Southern cases, too, and in places the legal thriller is tinged with touches of other genres.
But the strategy may be less irrational than the raw numbers suggest.
Does that extend to the industry itself?
The pledge was written by Francis Bellamy , a Baptist minister and socialist, to be rolled out with a nationwide push to celebrate Columbus Day in schools.
She confronts Lou, asking him why.
The U.S. Justice Department operates exactly as if there is a sealed indictment,” he said.
Each has its own inner light, scale and spatial rhythm; together they attest to the instability of color and perception.
— CBT I don’t care what happens to my dead body.
Sico van der Meer, a research fellow at the Netherlands Institute of International Relations, said Russia viewed the West as an adversary and had a clear interest in seeing the election of anti-establishment populists who, no matter what their personal take on Russia, all want to undermine the European Union and, in some cases, NATO.
“Clearly the conditions in which it will be celebrated are not those that we wished for.” As the referendum date nears, Mr. Rajoy, who leads a minority government, finds himself under increasing pressure in Madrid to explain how the conflict over possible Catalan secession spun out of control.
This feels wrong – and it is.
To Mr. Hefner, women were simply one of the interests of most heterosexual men.
Mary Randolph’s “The Virginia Housewife,” published in 1824, is superficially different from the pages of Gourmet magazine, but both were aspirational, and both were playing on the anxieties of their audience.
when it comes on its stance against sports betting.
• Read our profile of Mrs. May — and her unglamorous, dutiful approach — as Brexit talks move to a new phase.
“To deal effectively with the doubts, you should acknowledge their existence and confront them straight on,” he wrote.
Diagnosis requires a thorough examination of a patient, a detailed history and all relevant clinical data — none of which can be gathered from afar.
It ranked 43rd in air quality, 22nd in water sanitation, and 44th in climate and energy policies.
Before she died in mid-July 2015, Ms. Clemente was showing signs of malaise on the bus, her fellow workers told the police.
But according to passenger videos and aviation police reports released on Tuesday, Dr. Dao tried to keep the officers from pulling him out of his seat before being dragged out of it.
Mr. de Blasio’s victory over Ms. Malliotakis was all but assured since March, when federal and state prosecutors ended their investigations into his fund-raising practices and decided not to bring charges.
The punishment, imposed by the Association of British Scrabble Players, made headlines in Britain.
During their meeting, as protesters chanted outside the federal courthouse in Central Islip, Ms. Rodriguez told Mr.
But both sources were apparently incorrect about the date of the message.
“It was the worst combination of events you could have for a DNA specimen,” said Dr. Sampson, who has been the city’s chief medical examiner since December 2014.
As a figure model, are you without clothes a lot?
They are not “the same old sun and sky and trees.” That must be because my father is in them.
If you’re experiencing some last-minute panic, we’ve got a whole host of other ideas at a range of price points.
Some may belong to a religious tradition or consider themselves to be spiritual people, but they are not able to speak the language of a communally based faith because it does not inform or shape their political views.
It may be “a compendium of clichés about upper-middle-class angst,” Mike Hale wrote in The New York Times , but “visually, at least, ‘Big Little Lies’ is the perfect television beach read.” In “Crashing,” a new series at 10:30, a suburbanite and aspiring comedian (Pete Holmes, playing a version of himself) loses his innocence after discovering that his wife has been cheating.
You could make cornbread tamale pie , follow it with Edna Lewis’s recipe for peach cobbler .
“There is explosive material that keeps appearing among the ruins, and it’s a very slow process,” Major Trapero said of the investigation at the house, adding that “it will probably take days.” Along with the house in Alcanar, the authorities were focusing on Ripoll, a town about 70 miles north of Barcelona, not far from the Pyrenees.
They gave winter coats to Mr. Roosa and his girlfriend, Patch.
Volkswagen had hoped to use the Detroit auto show to reconnect with American consumers.
They were largely recommended and highly recommended by Federalist Society.
Former Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina, for example, the new White House budget director , has called Social Security a “Ponzi scheme” and helped engineer a government shutdown to cut spending.
“Candidly, it was gut wrenching to read the accounts of these women in The New York Times article,” Mr. Hackett wrote, adding that “there is absolutely no room for harassment at Ford Motor Company.” Harassment complaints had prompted several previous lawsuits and two settlements with the federal agency that combats workplace discrimination, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
Recent polls indicate that the candidates are in a dead heat.
This is its first new store since the company announced a restructuring last year, when it dropped its swimwear business, scrapped its catalog and laid off some 200 employees.
Mr. Johnson said Mr. Xi’s performance at the congress would have more than just domestic implications.
Email us at ourpicks@nytimes.com .
I have only seen Mount Fuji from the window of a train traveling from Tokyo to Kyoto.
Two Aeroflot flight attendants secured an unexpected legal victory on Wednesday when the Moscow City Court ruled that the airline could not link income levels to clothing sizes .
Her interests were wide, but by the mid-1960s, she had been fully seduced by the emerging possibilities of electronic music composition.
Mr. Edwards, writing in a series of online messages, described Mr. Boyle as an “extremely private person.” He added, “Josh stayed off social media.” According to his online friends, he and his wife met during their teenage years in an online Star Wars forum but did not start a romantic relationship until later on.
The Clann Project provides assistance to those affected to make their voices heard.
First, Wordplay would like to wish everyone a happy and a healthy Thanksgiving.
It would have seemed a modicum of justice in a tragedy that offered scant comfort besides.
She’s referring, of course, to Democrats using that momentum to hold hearings about accusations of sexual misconduct by President Trump.
At feeding time, the “leech raisers,” as they are called, plunge their hands into the glass bottles of leeches, retrieve the little bloodsuckers and put them in the blood-filled colanders.
The man stepped in front of the detectives’ car to photograph the license plate.
California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C.
The Broward County, Fla., sheriff’s office then hired U.S. Corrections to bring him to Florida at a price of $981 for the 991 miles of transport, an invoice shows.
If the political consequences of President Trump’s health bill are anything like those of President Obama’s, the vote on Thursday could become a litmus test for moderate, Democratic-leaning voters who often vote Republican in statewide or congressional elections.
Elliott was not arrested or charged because a prosecutor concluded that Thompson’s statements conflicted with those made by Elliott and witnesses.
JAY V. SOLNICK, DAVIS, CALIF.
“With this coalition agreement the Netherlands is getting a right-wing government that will lead to more inequality,” said Jesse Klaver, the leader of the Green Party.
On the list the day of the election was a Senate nomination and confirmation plan, a first-100-days agenda to take to Congress, members of landing teams and their status and interest in jobs at key departments, and a suggested schedule for Mr. Trump that included the presidential daily briefing each day and key meetings.
As the Trump administration begins developing its policies toward Pakistan and toward nuclear nonproliferation, it should make Pakistan a top priority.
The main goal was to learn how the crew members would get along.
These are edited excerpts from the conversation.
One way eclipse chasers ensure that the weather doesn’t dampen their plans is to get above the clouds.
The cost for each of the 90 or so students at the academy is about 16,000 euros for a nine-month season (about $18,850), which the North Korea soccer federation covers for its players.
My first interaction with the Secret Service was in October 1983 on the campus of West Georgia College (now the University of West Georgia).
It’s important early on to strike terror in the hearts of people in Washington, or else you will be rolled.” SOLOMON L. WISENBERG , a veteran of the investigation that led to the impeachment trial of President Bill Clinton, referring to aggressive tactics by the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, and his prosecutors, in investigating Russia’s role in the 2016 election.
[ NY1 ] • A street sign posted last month that honored the Queens-born newspaper columnist Jimmy Breslin was temporary.
“We know that there is a desire in Congress to provide the funds, but we have heard that same sentiment all through the spring and the summer,” said Nathan Checketts, the deputy director of the Utah Health Department.
One way to do this is to restart this proven form of local revenue sharing.
I want to believe he can, in part because I take seriously something he had said earlier: “I want to help with Muslim integration.
Beckham’s group still faces zoning issues with the city, and M.L.S.
“It’s different than tobacco where we say, ‘Never smoke.
She pauses, talking to me like a big sister.
She added that two houses had burned down and that a firefighter had sustained a broken wrist.
Cornell University and Technion-Israel Institute of Technology formed the partnership of Cornell Tech in 2011 and won New York City’s competition to develop an applied-sciences campus.
“Fire hydrant,” explained Cody Cullum, 33, with a weary shrug.
“It’s impossible to do.” Richard LeFrak put it more bluntly: “It’s another lifetime.”
Mrs. Krongauz had dreamed of attending Moscow Aviation Institute, but registered Jews like her were not admitted at the time, so she did not apply.
If you have recently changed your account settings (like turning off Web & App Activity ), change the settings back to see if your feed is restored.
Instead of filling the cakes before baking, I bake them for 10 minutes, then fill them.
(Marjani Forté & Works is credited as the piece’s overall author.)
_____ • Mike Pompeo , the head of the Central Intelligence Agency, will be in Turkey today on his first overseas trip in office, as the Trump administration seeks to strengthen ties with Ankara.
Mr. Obama thought Mr. Bush’s democracy push was too messianic, but he did encourage protesters during the Arab Spring and he did suspend some arms sales to Egypt after a military takeover.
And the day after that Jean Paul Gaultier ended his show with a model riding a bicycle chariot festooned with lace and feathers down the runway as snow fell behind and on either side the video lights of hundreds of iPhones illuminated her way.
and MAS are probably the weakest of the Downs in that area, but even MAS is given the Saturday treatment by cluing it as “___ adelante (later on: Sp.
Trumpets are used in war, and lyres and lutes came later in the Bible,” he said.
Casino companies often lure Chinese gamblers to their flashiest properties through indirect methods, promoting them as glamorous destinations replete with shopping opportunities.
Set assistant: Jesse Tadini Rybolt
Now, Aperture Foundation has published “ A Wild Life: A Visual Biography of Photographer Michael Nichols ” by Melissa Harris.
“I wouldn’t wish that on anyone,” Laperriere told reporters.
Do we want to put that in there?
But this afternoon, I’ve passed threadbare yards with Confederate flags aloft, limp sentries in the cold gray air.
The Peralta family were asleep upstairs when the quake struck.
The state has promised that the poorest New Yorkers will pay no more than 6 percent of their household income on energy costs , and it also plans to spend about $1 billion to make rooftop and community solar installations more accessible and affordable .
Of the two other board seats that Mr. Kalanick controls, one would be given to SoftBank while the other would be filled by the chief executive of a Fortune 100 company, if approved by the majority of the board and a majority vote of all shareholders.
In Europe the Marshall Plan and NATO arrayed the United States resolutely against the Soviet Union and on the side of democracy.
Other riders have lamented that the Second Avenue line is not convenient for commuting to Lower Manhattan since the line travels west to Times Square before going downtown.
But the Night, with its blacked-out badges, grille and wheels, motors down the highway with confident visual swagger.
All that was required from public school systems, the 10th Circuit had said , was a “more than de minimis” benefit.
He also exerted influence on the Appropriations and Indian Affairs committees, helping to earmark funds for the settlement of Indian water disputes and land claims.
But she felt unable to handle a job, and now collects unemployment and will apply for government Zika benefits.
And being himself and speaking his true views, he maintained, has kept him from blowing up his career like other media personalities.
My unemployment benefits were running out and I was pretty close to broke.
Now a debate about how to honor his legacy has erupted in southern France.
‘LADY BIRD’ In a high school production of Shakespeare, Christine McPherson is cast as “the tempest.” “It’s the titular role!” says her once-and-future best friend — one of many odd, funny and perfectly apt lines in Greta Gerwig’s sort-of-autobiographical coming-of-age story.
About half of nursing home residents have Alzheimer’s disease or other dementia, according to the National Center for Health Statistics, and consumer advocates say harried family members could easily miss the arbitration clauses as they move a loved one into a home offering care.
Strangelove” and “The Shining.” Montreal When Ms. Bergeron was enlisted to create a poster for “The Godfather,” she pictured a decapitated horse, neck bones exposed, rearing up on its hind legs.
The centennial presents an opportunity for students to reflect on its significance.
The answer, she notes, lies partially in our language of immigration; we see legal and illegal residents, aliens instead of children.
He died in 2008, still believing without having seen, still questioning the government, still marveling at the arrogance of those who insisted we were the only intelligent life in the universe.
And it works.” “The Love Is There.
Victims of anything is not who we want to be, and certainly not how we, the free and unbroken pioneers of gender equality, can bear to see ourselves.
I’ve got news for you.
The principals’ union says the board’s decisions did not oblige the city to give parking permits to teachers, too.
The prosecutors contend Mr. Cosby used quaaludes, or some similar drug, one night in 2004 to disable Ms. Constand, a former employee of Temple University whom Mr. Cosby is charged with sexually assaulting on a couch at his home near here.
But as the prosecution and the defense summed up their cases this week in the trial of Lloyd T. McKenzie and four other men, the victim’s mother, Sandra Wellington, has come no closer to knowing the identity of the hooded gunman who shot her son in the back of the head on West 58th Street near Broadway.
“I’ve not spoken to a single utility that’s truly holding on to a future of more coal,” said Brian Janous, who directs energy strategy at Microsoft.
But today there’s a belief that since words can cause stress, and stress can have physiological effects, stressful words are tantamount to a form of violence.
Chris Christie of New Jersey on a beach he had ordered closed as part of a government shutdown.
Or I use one by Christine Chin .
After gremlins lurk about in low strings and reedy woodwinds, the movement shifts into a manic Allegro, during which phrases fracture into shards and bits.
Robot,” another twist or two is sure to come.
Those runs will be deposited in the team’s account and shown on the space provided on the scoreboard *total banked runs.
And it’s equally unsettling that your evangelical adviser, the Texas pastor Robert Jeffress, is now giving you cover from the Bible.
The new body, called a constituent assembly, is expected to grant virtually unlimited authority to the country’s leftists.
But he fell out with Ms. Wils and Ms. Taylor over their development plans and the way they ran the organization.
An official said it’s impossible to know whether the battery case would have influenced the decision to release him, and it’s not subject to review unless Mr. Simpson violates the terms of his release.
“It’s all about who’s the strongest,” said Maxim Kusnetsov, 16, a junior running back and defensive lineman who was the 2016 state wrestling champion in the 98-pound division.
Difficult as it may be, let us put Uma Thurman aside for a moment, though she is obviously the main reason that “The Parisian Woman” opened on Thursday at the Hudson Theater on Broadway.
‘‘He had a way,’’ Wakatsuki says, ‘‘of reading the era.’’ Undercover’s early shows were run guerrilla-style, in warehouses and parking lots, with friends turning up to model, many of them drunk and argumentative.
But by imposing a byzantine, burdensome process on all agencies, Congress could dodge accountability but nonetheless derail the implementation of popular laws.
Last, along with the F.B.I.’s counterintelligence investigation into Russian meddling, there is a Senate investigation.
This year, the company opened a lab in Silicon Valley that focuses on artificial-intelligence-based security and driverless-car technologies.
Filmatique is readying an app for Roku, although there’s no hard start date for it yet.
In Premier League mythology, it was the sort of game that could only happen in England, a distillation of the league’s essence: breathless, unpredictable, indomitable, packed with drama until the very end, and then in the seven minutes of injury time that came after it.
Tension arose between Tronc’s leadership and Mr. Maharaj over proposed budget cuts, which Mr. Maharaj was resisting, one of the people said.
Second, the only way for us to survive over the long run in this incredibly dangerous world is by working together with other nations that hold the same basic values we do.
It would be my job to make some sense of all of this, and I spent the next several months crisscrossing the country, in the rice fields of the Mekong River delta, with the well-equipped American Army in the forested hills of the Central Highlands and with the Marine Corps in the northern reaches of South Vietnam.
His father had been a Navy photographer in the 1950s.
She is not a success story.
It included a fifth theme entry (CINCO DE MAYO) and some of the theme answers crossed, which I always like.
Chase Headley, who had come off the Yankees’ bench in the sixth inning and hit a two-run homer, led off the bottom of the ninth with a walk.
She moved across the country to Tulsa, Okla., where for two years she has been helping to teach math in a high school of at-risk youths through City Year, which is supported by AmeriCorps.
We’re in agreement about good rules/bad rules.
What would you like to see here?
“The violence was blind and stupid, but one-third of the victims were Muslims or from Muslim culture,” he said.
And it’s pushed me close to tears more than a few times.
Johansson is about to bite into a spicy sausage from “the best hot-dog kiosk in Sweden” when he has a stroke that puts him in the hospital under the care of a doctor who’s seriously worried about his heart.
Mr. Arkady told ABC he originally had intended to do a story on how Sunni and Shiite soldiers worked together in the unit, the Emergency Response Division of Iraq’s Ministry of Interior, to fight ISIS.
‘‘It’s starting to become a pattern,’’ Alex told me recently.
The document request also seeks communications about Mr. Trump’s campaign foreign policy team: Carter Page , J. D. Gordon, Keith Kellogg, George Papadopoulos, Walid Phares and Joseph E. Schmitz.
Daring challenges to President Nicolás Maduro’s rule of the country have laid bare a split within the military.
We even use National Trust properties as rest stops on long car trips.
But the move at Ralph Lauren also points to a truism of the industry: that it is often difficult for fashion founders to cede control of their businesses.
Textbooks were left at school instead of toted home for study.
She was allowed to drive inside the Aramco compound.
There was no recording or transcript of the phone call.
But he recently acknowledged , “I may have hit them all or none at all.” Becoming president has been an adjustment for Mr. Duterte, who is 71.
Then students inventory literally every word from the passage that fits into the “drawer” or “cubby.” This allows them to move past reading the passage for what happens or what it describes to start to see the patterns that are laced into the passage.
If Panama and Honduras can score again, and the Americans can’t, the United States is out.
“Where have you been?” he barked.
European leaders will be listening to what Mr. Trump has to say, given that during the campaign he criticized NATO even as he praised Mr. Putin.
The first corner of that triangle is Dick Jarrett (Kevin Bacon), a famous abstract sculptor and rancher in Marfa, Tex.
She took a job at a gas station, ringing up purchases of fuel, soda and fried chicken for $9 an hour, less than two-thirds of what she had previously earned.
The people around her are a little more distinctive, but only because they have entirely conventional roles to fulfill, more like video game avatars than flesh-and-blood beings.
Mr. Hamon floundered during the campaign and received less than 7 percent of the vote, a cratering of support for his party.
The act of derring-do came less than a month after an illustrator jumped onto the tracks to save a fallen man on the Lower East Side.
She noted that Vietnam had so far “held the line” on a separate plan to drill for gas in another area of the sea in partnership with Exxon Mobil.
Stores have taken to putting signs on the windows showing the direction to St. Mark’s Square or Ponte di Rialto, so people will stop coming in to ask them where to go.
On Wednesday, more than two years after Ms. Thorp, now 28, strode into that office in her chic but sensible black flats, the committees released a report concluding that Portico, the outsourcing firm that had insisted she wear high heels, had broken the law.
4 WASHINGTON WIZARDS (49-33) VS. NO.
(Ailes, after leaving Fox News, later joined the Trump campaign as a debate adviser.)
In the wake of her first album, she’d found much to enjoy about fame: filling in for Kurt Cobain alongside Nirvana’s surviving members at the 2014 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony; befriending artists like the writer Miranda July and the Swedish pop-music mastermind Max Martin; inspiring a multiepisode “South Park” parody; and overseeing a “Hunger Games” soundtrack.
But as Trump’s impulsive, vindictively personal style has been transferred, unhumbled and unpivoted, to the White House, it has also introduced new variables into the capital’s power calculus — one being that access to power governs status.
He said Hollywood should focus on improving its protection of animals on set, and he criticized the American Humane Association’s ability to monitor animals on set.
When President Trump said Wednesday that he would not insist on the creation of a Palestinian state as part of a peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians, was he breaking with decades of American policy?
When Desmond broke his hand in spring training, Colorado turned to a veteran slugger, Mark Reynolds, who has responded by hitting .319 with 12 homers and a major-league-high 39 runs batted in.
It’s not much of a leap to expect that electronics also undermine learning in high school classrooms or that they hurt productivity in meetings in all kinds of workplaces.
Things we would never say in person, acts we would never perform, become safe to indulge thanks to the prophylactic of a digital interface.
______ George Megalogenis, who has been examining Australia’s changing demographics for more than a decade, wrote this Op-Ed for us arguing that Australia has figured out how to extend its economic winning streak: “large-scale immigration.” It’s a provocative argument in a country that tends to see its economy through the lens of mining or real estate.
[ The New York Times ] • Google doesn’t care what’s best for us.
But he said he reserved his best content for Facebook because it had a diverse and global audience.
Cast back a few years, and you’ll find similar plots in a Disney fairy tale (“ Maleficent ”), a blockbuster reboot (in “Mad Max: Fury Road,” a female savior rescues five women from sexual slavery) and an indie techno-thriller (“Ex Machina”).
“I guess I want more work.” At the end of the day, the group went outside for some exterior shots in the alley behind the studio, and McDormand spotted three teenage boys hanging out on the sidewalk.
The spraying with pesticide by trucks and airplanes that knocks down nuisance mosquitoes cannot reach ones that have sneaked into buildings.
• Go about painting your apartment like a pro.
When I set out to cover the battle in Mosul, I wanted to focus on these soldiers who were fighting ISIS and show how the violence has changed them over the years.
For example, the song “Woke Up This Morning With My Mind Stayed on Jesus” became “Woke Up This Morning With My Mind Stayed on Freedom.” Folk songs are owned by no one.
Under American law, failure to issue the certification would open the door for Congress to reimpose sanctions on Iran.
Kunkush’s tale — a rare war story with a happy ending — has been adapted into two picture books.
Getting past Florida was going to involve going the long way around, after all: south of Key West, through the Straits of Florida and past Miami.
It was therefore at pains to reconcile a double allegiance to the Soviet Union and to France, though the former always won out over the latter.
Aside from the employees who will lose their jobs, about 18,000 retirees of Sears Canada may be facing cuts to their pension payments.
Occasionally, Mr. Miller has retained a public-facing role.
We take it for granted today that smoking causes that disease.
Re-evaluating him on the basis of what happens each week?
The president’s own legal team also appears to be part of the campaign.
The line between pathology and strategy can be fuzzy.
He couldn’t have been more wrong, of course, and Daryl let him know that in his own way.
Some new ones, some old ones, some not-so-old ones.
We had two choices to sop up the fluid: Put Jack through another operation or restrict food and water, giving him only minimal intravenous nutrition, until his system dried out.
Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern and updated on the web all morning .
Electric cars are getting less expensive, their range is increasing, and the infrastructure to sell, charge and maintain them is improving.
Navdeep Bains, the Canadian minister of innovation, who is responsible for the auto sector, was dispatched to Michigan.
Even New Yorkers who don’t care much about city politics — and only about 435,000 Democrats voted in this year’s primary — tend to accede to the notion that every New York mayor puts his stamp on an era, wittingly or not.
To the Editor: Re “ To Complain Is to Truly Be Alive ,” by Samantha Irby (Sunday Review, Oct. 22): Although I can agree that complaining is a natural, alleviating outlet for frustration, I believe that there is a time when we just need to “get over it.” Everyone goes through minor inconveniences; why not use them as an opportunity to build character?
“‘Irresistible’ is one of those adjectives that critics should handle with utmost care,” A. O. Scott wrote in The Times .
“When they speak, they are assumed to have some authority without having to prove it.
As USA Today put it: “Among those cases with a clear resolution, Trump’s side was the apparent victor in 451 and the loser in 38.
When did you script that?
One possible answer is that the president likes promising to discuss important policy matters in the future much more than he likes working on them in the present.
The second key player is Hannah’s mother, Loreen, and Becky Ann Baker turns in one last fantastic, tough-love performance.
In order to prevail against Mr. Macron, Ms.
My family and I were among the six million who escaped during the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan in the 1980s.
As part of her efforts to cement her daughter’s legacy, Ms. Bro was traveling to California this weekend to present the “Best Fight Against the System” award on Sunday at the MTV Video Music Awards.
The rest of the world was far away.
The United States could also position more naval craft in international waters off the North Korean coast.
It is one of the most effective platforms to communicate a message instantly, globally and with immediate impact.
Jeff Wiltse, a historian and author of the book “ Contested Waters: A Social History of Swimming Pools in America ,” said decades of segregation at public swimming pools created a legacy of not swimming in black communities.
I got so dehydrated that for long periods I couldn’t speak.
‘‘We are a poor school, and paper is expensive,’’ Odhiambo explained.
“He was standing behind me one night, and I didn’t even know he was back there.
It is also more in depth.
At 35, Brunson increased her career 3-point total by 1,150 percent.
But his qualm is not with them.
The problem, apparently, is the market: It just wasn’t ready to accommodate that kind of change.
It was updated this month with a version of “ La Valse ” (“ The Waltz”), on loan from the Iris and B. Gerald Cantor Collection.
After all that patient waiting and looking, we needed a drink.
Anyone in Rome reading that document would surely have hesitated before making him a Cardinal.” If Cardinal Pell seemed worried, it did not show.
Moreover, the excessive focus on those risks misses the real reason the Kurds are planning the referendum in the first place.
Students and parents had expressed concerns about changes to school programs.
“ Little Fires Everywhere ,” the latest novel by the Asian-American author Celeste Ng, takes place in the 1990s, in a Midwestern suburb that may seem like utopia.
For TaTy’s 16th birthday, she asked for a “purity ring,” a silver ring symbolizing a pledge that she will abstain from sex before marriage, or until she is ready.
The Sept. 7 earthquake was stronger than the one that struck less than two weeks later, but experts said it could have less of an impact because the epicenter was farther from densely populated areas.
It was Minaya who persuaded Beltran to sign on with the Mets more than a decade ago.
It also said she had confessed to an agent that she had printed out a May 5 intelligence file and mailed it to an online news outlet.
What we do know is that childhood illnesses are skyrocketing — diabetes, obesity, ADHD, autism,” Dr. Woodruff said.
In Washington, a senior administration official confirmed that the transcript was an accurate representation of the call between the two iconoclastic leaders.
The program has decreased absenteeism in many schools but has not yet led to major academic gains.
Post a comment, email us at nytoday@nytimes.com , or reach us via Twitter using #NYToday .
Mr. Badle said in a telephone interview that the main Tunisian suspect had no fixed address and had slept variously at the homes of friends and contacts apparently made in mosques.
“Their parents decided to dress them as boys,” Ms. d’Aki said, in a practice known as “ bacha posh .” “For families to have a son is very important,” Ms. d’Aki said.
As if to make their meaning perfectly clear, in 1982, as The New York Times reported, “about 100” white Ole Miss fans walked out of James Meredith’s speech commemorating the 20th anniversary of his integration of the university and performed the “Hotty Toddy” cheer (usually reserved for sporting events) outside.
He is also the stepson of Anthony Gieda and Elizabeth Willett.
“‘Just be honest with me,’” Mr. Chamberlin recalled asking him.
The group includes Lamar Alexander, Shelley Moore Capito, Bill Cassidy, Susan Collins, Dean Heller, Lisa Murkowski and Rob Portman.
Mr. Anies did not personally direct religious and ethnic attacks against Mr. Basuki, but he met with hard-line Islamic leaders during the campaign and toured mosques.
Paris was previewed in Truffaut’s “The 400 Blows”; Hawaii with Alexander Payne’s “The Descendants.” In the weeks before Amsterdam and Bruges we watched “The Fault in Our Stars” and — bad parenting alert!
In a dark room, humans can detect the dim light of a single photon, and the bright light of up to one million photons at the same time.
Beneath their surgical gowns, Carpenter and his team were sweating.
There is also a drive for everyday glamour.
Mr. Won was first indicted in 2013 while Ms. Park was still in power.
Mr. Fischer, 73, cited “personal reasons” in a brief letter addressed to Mr. Trump.
“Sure,” the brain says, “I might be able to find phrases including FORT, and then both figuratively and literally HOLD DOWN that word by placing it vertically within other words.” And then the work begins.
playoff history: Spurs 114, Rockets 75 .
Mr. Krongauz was 4 when the Nazis invaded the Soviet Union in 1941.
The company declined to comment, issuing a statement last week saying that its cash flow was fine.
Forced to wear unnecessary and unhelpful white gloves while examining the 13th-century Carmina Burana, he is left disconsolate when his wife puts them, blackened with the 800-year-old dust he has brought home as a souvenir, straight into the wash. On this archival odyssey, I lost count of the things I learned.
Imagine what Sean Hannity would say if Mexicans burned down much of New York City, as the Irish did in 1863, in what may have been the bloodiest riot in American history.
“And grown-up fingers really have a hard time getting into those spaces.
SANK How do you two feel about getting older?
The Wilpons ask Yoenis Cespedes for a loan, just for a few months, to cover costs of repaving Citi Field parking lot.
It also removed the cycling pedestal that the tactician Tom Slingsby had used to mimic the Kiwis’ innovative power source.
“We’re likely to see people who tweet or use Facebook for political purposes, or to call for protests, being tried in these courts,” said Mai El-Sadany, a nonresident fellow for legal and judicial analysis at the Tahrir Institute for Middle East Policy.
That number dwindles to 100,000 in college, he said.
Vanguard, in other words, scooped up about 8.5 times as much money as all of its competitors.
Partly, it’s because cooking dinner is one of the only times of day that I’m not fidgeting with my phone or looking at the news.
With the new director reporting to Mr. Weiss, and not the other way around, many aspects of the job-share still have to be worked out.
The result is reports with curiously precise numbers that often have a dubious practical value.
He spoke more sincerely about the long and storied history of the two companies.
It also stated that universities should use a “preponderance of evidence” standard rather than the higher “clear and convincing” evidence standard for evaluating sexual assault complaints and determining disciplinary action.
When the friend said she didn’t like pizza, the daughter agreed, even though she actually loves pizza.
Requests to arrange interviews with Mr. Chatillon and Mr. Loustau through associates of theirs were unsuccessful.
The working-class neighborhood of Novo-Lenino, where the bulk of the victims lived in this provincial capital some 2,600 miles east of Moscow, is in many ways a snapshot of the growing poverty in Russia.
Stan stopped in July 2017 and the goal is to start in January 2018.” It is a short-term project but Paganini and his prize pupils have focused above all on the long term.
It would force states to ration care and deny some Americans lifesaving treatments or nursing home care.
He has backed out of an American-led 12-nation trade deal that was supposed to counter China by setting higher caliber trade rules in Asia and has jettisoned the Paris agreement on climate change, creating space for Beijing to assert influence in both spheres.
candidate, but the league has become dominated by teams in Minnesota and Los Angeles that are built around several players of such caliber .
Karine Fleury, 47, a psychologist in Martinique, which was also expected to be hit by Maria, said she found out about the storm only on Sunday while shopping for groceries.
Torrey Pines, which serves a relatively affluent set of suburban neighborhoods in northern San Diego County, is tucked just a few miles inland from prime pieces of the California coast, and has long been considered one of San Diego’s top public schools.
Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com .
Discuss it in the comments section.
Last year it received 975 applications for 100 kindergarten seats and had a waiting list of more than 600 families.
On Baseball-Reference.com ’s list of players statistically similar to Trout at the same age, Griffey ranks second, between Mickey Mantle and Hank Aaron .
It was the earlier scene — before the subway grate footage — that Mr. Schulback had shot.
East Jerusalem was exclusively Arab in 1967, but Israel has steadily built settlements there, placing some 200,000 of its citizens among the Arab population and complicating any possible peace agreement.
You need to go home and sleep this off.” And I said to myself: “My God!
No manager but Mourinho adheres so slavishly to the credo of the legendary Germany coach Sepp Herberger, that “after the game is before the game.” No manager is quite so adept at shaping the prism through which a result is interpreted, or at ensuring that a setback is lost in a blizzard of words.
“A lot of people told that to him when he was young: ‘It’s going to be difficult to be a good player, because you don’t have height,’” Chela said.
Recipient governments tended to value their own domestic stability and standing within the nonaligned group over their aid relationships.
Mr. Pollinger said the restaurant would have the simple, warm look of a farmhouse, with no tablecloths in the dining room.
How much is too much to share in a job interview?
China finally feels it has a car capable of following vehicles from Japan, Germany and South Korea into the U.S. market .
The Condrons turned around, but a police officer refused to let them through.
He said that with roughly 150,000 workers, the tech sector in New York City is quickly catching up with total employment in the securities industry.
Le Pen, have enjoyed the perks of seats in the European Parliament.
When asked how much time he was spending on the subway system, Mr. Cuomo said, “I would say I spend close to the majority of my time on M.T.A.-related issues.”
Richard H. Pildes , a law professor at New York University, said the array of cases in which the actual Justice Gorsuch and the hypothetical Justice Garland might differ is vast, including on campaign finance, affirmative action, voting rights, religious freedom, class actions, and aspects of criminal and immigration law.
Much was made about changes to the federal school-food rules that Mr. Perdue announced in May after taking over the Department of Agriculture.
“That kind of charge is not something you want to bring hastily; you have to carefully review all the evidence and take a deep breath.
He had even stopped drinking as much.
Each grave site is treated as a potential crime scene.
Should Mr. Trump dramatically roll back the initiatives, the universities that have enjoyed the academic freedom of exchange, businesses and their workers, and the millions of citizens who have traveled to the island and connected with Cuban communities need to speak up.
When Ms. Hemby sings, she doesn’t push hard — her voice is measured, a little sweet and snug.
“It’s always been difficult for presidents,” said Peter D. Feaver, an expert in civilian-military relations at Duke University, “but in some ways, it’s become more difficult as the number of casualties dwindled, so each one can be individualized to a much greater extent.” Other calls Mr. Trump has made to families have been well received.
Mr. Pruitt said his “first and primary goal” as administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency would be “to return the agency to that core mission of protecting the American people through common sense and lawful regulations.” He said that “farmers, ranchers, landowners and small-business owners have recently felt hopeless, subject to a never-ending torrent of new regulations that only a lawyer can understand.” “They fear the E.P.A., and that just shouldn’t be the case,” he said.
At another news conference later on Thursday morning, Mr. Weintraub said the search teams had worked through the night in stifling heat.
(“You can always try again!” is a heartless response to a massive blow.)
Over the next 10 years, she graduated from Touro College, and Brooklyn Law School.
What science-related hashtag conversations can they participate in?
It is clearly an investor darling, providing all the more reason to dig into its numbers.
[ The Sun ] • Op-doc : “I’m the only one that has my head scarf on.” A teenager talks about growing up in Los Angeles after fleeing her home in Aleppo, Syria.
Our reviews of open shows are at nytimes.com/reviews/theater.
Potato salad, macaroni salad and deviled eggs were always served, along with sliced tomatoes from the garden, a green salad and homemade pickles.
Mangesh Ghogre : I am from India and live in Mumbai with my wife, Rupali; kids Advait and Eva (named after my favorite crossword answer); and my parents.
“They are harassing me and I don’t know why,” he said of the town’s residents and the police.
My words yesterday were to warn about a possible humanitarian crisis.
Back in his house, back on Instagram, Mr. Khaled watched a day-old video of himself dancing at a radio station, jovial and blustering.
We, the country, need to read things like that.
Swift is willing to incinerate herself if that’s what it takes to burn everyone else.
Though Mr. Machar, the first vice president of South Sudan, repented publicly for his role in 1991, many see the violence in 2013, when government soldiers and policemen targeted people from the Nuer ethnic group, as payback for 1991.
Janos Arany’s “A walesi bardok” or “ The Bards of Wales ” was born of the uprisings that swept across Europe in 1848, known as the “ springtime of the peoples .” Arany joined the fight for independence against the Austrian Empire.
The insurer is responsible for any amounts over $250,000.
Is “Mother!” the most confusing movie of 2017, or the most provocative?
In the Calendar section of the page, go to the calendar you want to use and click Edit Notifications on the right side.
“He stays in divine preparation for the inevitable.
“You want to know the irony of all this?” he said, gesturing toward Rikers Island.
But she did bring some of the confessionalism of the literary memoir and the ground-level emotional naturalism of mumblecore cinema into serial television.
Rumors of a Russian threat.
“This is a stark reminder of the ongoing threat that an unsecure border poses to the safety of our communities and those charged with defending them,” the statement said.
“I think the magic has been happening here for me here always, like, even the first time I came here as a little kid,” Bacsinszky said.
Harry has no thoughts, only Mr. Fiennes’s charisma and will, his action.
The simplest scheme — buying cigarettes in Virginia and selling them tax-free in New York — can generate tens of thousands of dollars in illicit cash.
“I don’t like jackets, I don’t wear them, but that one is unreal,” he said, his eyes widening.
That tie was severed in the early 2000s after my friends left, and I took a full-time job elsewhere.
It has forced taxis in the capital to use compressed natural gas as fuel, to reduce pollution.
Injuries to C. C. Sabathia and Adam Warren and the ineffectiveness of Tanaka and Clippard have exposed the pitching staff.
That puts the onus on Mr. Macron and Ms. Merkel to find the kind of close cooperation the two say they seek.
On today’s episode: • We talk with Michael Wang, one of dozens of Asian-American students who have filed a complaint against Harvard for its admissions process; Anemona Hartocollis, who is reporting on the lawsuit; and Edward Blum, the man behind the action.
The C.P.U.S.A.’s vulnerability had a great deal to do with its dependence on Moscow.
“And by that time, it’s too late.” Over the years, “24” wrestled with the responsibility of its characterizations.
Those of us on the Decision Desk of the Sidney Awards faced a moral dilemma.
I felt my accepted submission was geared to earlier in the week.
Time to get some Starbucks.” Coca-Cola didn’t say anything until late Monday, when the chief executive, Muhtar Kent, said the company opposed the travel ban.
And since Kranepool’s health struggles became public this year, some longtime fans of the Mets have come forward to offer help.
He has embraced the technology in ways that add a stunning dimension to his storytelling, while at the same time presenting unforeseen challenges.
“People are fed up with the ruling class in Washington and their attitude ‘We know better than you do,’” said Ed Martin, a conservative commentator and protégé of Phyllis Schlafly, a conservative icon .
The company has now cleared up outstanding litigation in two of its biggest United States markets: It dropped a suit about a New York law that fines people who illegally list their homes on short-term rental platforms.
There are some similarities even though it was taking place more than 30 years ago.” Speaking near the red carpet before the screening, Mr. Scott, also the chief executive of Pure Flix, was upbeat and gregarious, if a little nervous.
YEN, 31F, W Hotel, No.
A Liberal Party government was in office at the time of Mr. Khadr’s capture, but the subsequent Conservative government led by Stephen Harper, who was then prime minister, repeatedly characterized Mr. Khadr as a terrorist and made little effort to secure his release.
Diego lounged in his pen with the females.
In its initial long section, the novel slogs through the story of Yoav’s middle-aged cousin, David King, the “Moving King,” an American Jew and Republican Party donor whose economic status is the opposite of precarious.
The other Frazier in the Yankees’ clubhouse, outfielder Clint Frazier, needed a new number after surrendering his No.
Its main company, Samsung Electronics, accounts for 20 percent of the country’s total exports.
How had they trained them so well?
“I never imagined it to be as horrible as it was.” Ms. Piazza, who works in accounting, wore a necklace with her son’s thumbprint pressed into a charm.
The ride-hailing app Uber on Saturday was drawn into the conflict over Mr. Trump’s executive order after the company told its customers that surge pricing had been turned off at Kennedy Airport, where protesters had gathered.
“I was able to sit anywhere.” Mr. Iwasaki also made poignant photographs of the closing of the camps in 1945 and the return of some of the Japanese-Americans to their homes.
It is a form at least as old as the 15th-century composer Gilles de Bins Binchois, and the English musicologist David Fallows, in his Binchois entry in the 1980 New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, spelled out the composer’s name using the first letter of each paragraph.
The presidential order asks Mr. Mnuchin to review the tax regulations imposed by President Barack Obama in 2016.
Wallet also includes fraud protection that covers all verified unauthorized Google Wallet transactions in the United States.
When I went home, people would say, ‘Where you been, Canada?’” After his football career ended, Grantham was a banker and a manufacturer’s representative.
Bill Bernstein, 70, a home building contractor who works in Bergen County, N.J., says he hasn’t given up work just yet, but the various ski passes offered in Vermont make him yearn to spend more time at the house he just bought from a descendant of the famous von Trapp family in Waitsfield.
Many merchant ships light up their decks at night to ward off local pirates, but the bright lights can also dangerously obscure the vision of officers on approaching ships.
Broccoli steamed this way may be enhanced further with a generous application of crunchy, peppery homemade bread crumbs.
I reconfigure my connection to the streets.
Dr. Brown provided antidoping officials with Ritzenhein’s medical records, but the report says the version he sent was altered.
Another envelope of 5,000 euros was described as a bonus to “recognize my attitude and good work.” The Jets hired John Morton, the New Orleans Saints’ wide receivers coach, as their offensive coordinator.
Enter the Airbnb economic model.
... ” Observe the lovely cascading final sentence.
“In Canada, we will always default to superiority.” he said.
But Great Ormond Street Hospital said that the “invasive ventilation” over several days required a team of intensive care specialists and that the Gard family home was unlikely to be able to meet his needs.
After prodding from Taki Mai, he plans to start growing varieties higher in kavalactones that are preferred by Western drinkers.
“There is a renewed sense of confidence in Europe after the French election,” the apparent retreat of populism, an increase in economic growth and the prospect of Ms. Merkel’s re-election in September, he said.
His fights with his girlfriend wrought havoc on our dishware, and the vagabonds screaming Roman threats outside, demanding the money he owed them, invaded my dreams.
The program started with sugarcane cutters in Florida, and has since shifted to predominantly apple pickers.
A heads-up about three cool things happening with The New York Times crossword next week: On Tuesday, the puzzle will be by the youngest Times crossword constructor ever — Daniel Larsen, who is 13 years, 4 months of age.
has deferred action indefinitely on about 1,600 acres near the park that had been proposed for leases, and said that it will try to mitigate impacts at the monument from drilling activity on the remaining areas near the park.
It’s a sharp, sardonic line (one of many) and also an anguished existential question.
He is the son of Constance Hufferd Zeckendorf of Key Largo, Fla., and Arthur W. Zeckendorf II of New York.
He said that he had been having trouble sleeping and that one night he had heard on television that the charges would be dropped.
South Korea has recently accused the North of sending military drones to spy on the South, an issue that Seoul would quite likely raise.
Under new rules, airplanes were banned, which meant no more flying seaplanes into remote lakes.
— with cities and citizenries questioning the value of the Olympic project — it looks to be the right call to go with two close-to-sure things and regroup.
The go-between passed me once, then twice.
In the two shows at City Center last week, only one had an overtly feminist theme: Olga Pericet’s “Pisadas.” The other, “Gala Flamenca,” was just a gala — one that happened to be ruled by women.
One document was the administration’s budget.
Last summer, in fact, Mr. Durant and Mr. Kleiman unveiled a start-up of their own, the Durant Company, with a swelling portfolio of investments in tech companies like Postmates and Acorns, in addition to hotels and restaurants and film and television development.
Benefits and quotas at LinkedIn China were also different from the rest of the company, sometimes damaging morale, the two people also said.
That little chance you have of winning keeps your motivation all week long and all race long.”
The batter is poured into a mold, but the source of the fluffiness is more elusive.
In our latest guide on setting and keeping resolutions , we pinpointed three major reasons we tend to fail.
Facebook should reduce anonymity by requiring real verification of real names for real people, with the aim of having 100 percent of individuals verified.
If Mr. Trump was hoping his sharp warnings would provoke a response from China, he chose an odd moment.
When he brought the Senate and Parliament together at the Versailles palace and spoke to them about his ambitions for the presidency, many in France bristled at the monarchical overtones.
So I’ll read anything regardless of where it’s shelved in the library, from science writing to history to poetry to Agatha Christie and Dorothy Sayers to Octavia Butler.
I don’t know what the point is.” Nearly 100 players got only one vote from either themselves or N.B.A.
The collective defeat of the health care effort could strain that tolerance.
And if not treated at all, the patient would certainly die.
Maybe down the road I’ll get more into it, but right now, I’m just a baseball player.
The only employees were construction workers clad in neon-green and finishing a bathroom.
He couldn’t even close the deal on a pathetic, bare-bones health care bill, ineffectually bullying Lisa Murkowski, a Republican senator from Alaska, and failing to win over John McCain, who gleefully had his revenge for Trump’s mockery of him as being a loser because he was captured in war.
She was the only white wolf living in the park, though there had been two others before her.
For his debate with Ms.
Chris Christie declared a state of emergency and authorized the closing of state offices.
“He was a great man.
The royal princesses Elizabeth and Margaret were among the bridesmaids.
“Our voters do expect action, but as you make changes you become vulnerable to attack,” Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma said.
He also departed with a second Rolls-Royce, a Mercedes-Benz, and other cars and luxury items, according to an airport official and a diplomat familiar with activities in the country.
One of the most steadfast members of the committee, he caused a stir on Wednesday when he pressed Mr. McCabe and other intelligence officials on why they could not elaborate on earlier conversations they had with Mr. Comey.
In the case of the 2015 video, Planned Parenthood said that its representative was merely discussing such legal charges and adamantly denied any wrongdoing.
examined how various media outlets influenced public opinion.
212-777-6800, warsawconcerts.com CHARLIE WILSON at Barclays Center (March 29, 7:30 p.m.).
American Promise’s volunteers have taken thousands of actions to move the issue forward — meeting with legislators, publishing opinion articles, organizing public events — and are now leading campaigns in numerous states to advance ballot initiatives in support of the 28th Amendment.
“You need more than that, particularly when you’re competing with a guy who is telling fantasies.” Representative Debbie Dingell of Michigan called for Democrats to go “on offense” and attack the president’s perceived strength on economic matters with working-class voters.
The official rationale, according to an unidentified administration official: “Gary’s role is too crucial to getting tax reform done.” Elsewhere in Washington: • Two influential Republican lawmakers are also planning to introduce legislation, possibly as soon as next week, to take aim at foreign investment, and Chinese technology deals in particular.
So where is the fire and fury?
And a new report found that nearly half of the nation’s largest corporations have set their own emissions reduction targets — even as the government moves away from them.
The youngest participant was Moussa Oukabir, 17, who went to the mosque only a couple of times, said the head of the association that runs the local mosque where Mr. Essati most recently served as imam.
It may not be so bad: Some critics of Silicon Valley’s current pay system say that the stock-heavy model hurts some employees, like those diluted by down rounds, or wiped out if a start-up fails.
Think of “Consent” as the thematically comparable distaff equivalent from a playwright, Ms. Raine, whose best-known work, “ Tribes ,” has been produced worldwide.
Each block of a street between two major avenues was assigned a set of 100 numbers.
“It’s hard to figure out what works for every family.” If you agree that your child should get unrestricted access to a smartphone at the age of 13, Family Link is an excellent product.
Fifteen minutes a day, five days a week.
The airborne cars pirouette prettily, bashing and smashing with all the technological expertise production money can buy; the symphony of body blows, gun pops and crunching metal sounds fine and convincing.
• Recipe of the day: Russian honey cake is worth the time.
A spokesman for the National League for Democracy, U Win Htein, said the journalists had no business in the area without government permission.
But more important, I’m going to experience five days of nonstop fajitas, queso and barbecue, because all I do when I go home for the holidays is eat like an Olympic weight lifter.
Directed and co-written by Ms. Jolie, the film captures life under the genocidal Khmer Rouge from 1975 to 1978 through the eyes of Ms. Ung, who, after being separated from her middle-class family at age 5, was forced to work for the militant group and fight for survival.
Yeah, and this is interesting: Jesus Christ is both the subject of painting and what everyone screamed when they heard how much it was going to cost.” — JAMES CORDEN Amy Hoggart of “Full Frontal” looked into how Finland fought against Russian purveyors of fake news.
Many Muslims are suspicious of Prevent because of that police involvement.
Ignoring the diacriticals in a crossword goes back to the early days of solving on a computer, when electronic keyboards simply weren’t sophisticated.
But it apparently took a writer as terrible as E L James, the author of the “Fifty Shades” series, to really hit the commercial sweet spot.
But activists are quick to note that the social media uprising does not necessarily represent what all Saudi women are feeling.
On the evidence of his play “Too Heavy for Your Pocket,” Jiréh Breon Holder either didn’t get the message or decided to pay it no heed.
They envision the Salkin Residence as an office for Mr. Skow and a place where the couple will host out-of-town guests.
New York, London, San Francisco, Amsterdam and Paris would top my list.
Western leaders’ must also stress that the glorification of organizations like O.U.N.-U.P.A.
Their owners, Abe and Effa Manley, later owned the star-studded Newark Eagles.
Certainly, the ubiquitous custom of designers collaborating with mass-market labels bears out Ms. Cronberg’s observation.
The Greeks on one side, the Italians on the other.
The report, mandated by Congress, for the first time combined military medical and staffing data, as well as data from the Department of Veterans Affairs, to show that tens of thousands of wounded troops were kicked out of the armed forces and severed from benefits designed to ease their transition from service in war.
The United States government defines health care as “affordable” if it costs less than 9.7 percent of a household’s income.
Following that, in five billion years, the sun will exhaust its hydrogen fuel and its outer surface will expand as it becomes a red giant, eventually encompassing Earth within its outer layers.
On Tuesday evening, Mr. Watt posted a video to Twitter, announcing that the fund had reached its goal and thanking those who donated.
“It started the most wild goose chase I’ve ever been on,” Ms. Radow said.
He paused, then repeated: “Bulldozers burying ISIS fighters in the rubble.” He expressed surprise that more Islamic State fighters didn’t surrender when it became clear that they were going to lose.
He has spoken often of retailers’ need to highlight the value of their real estate.
When I was a film programmer at the National Museum of the American Indian , my fail-safe way to quiet down an audience was to get on the mic and say my clans in Navajo.
Herr’s book is like mainlining Vietnam; so many passages conveyed, on their own, everything I thought I needed to know about the war.
“I’ve seen what he can do; I’ve seen how many people he strikes out.
But this year’s whispers seem to be more numerous and insidious than usual.
Robert J. Orth, a seagrass expert at the Virginia Institute of Marine Science who was not involved in the new report, predicted it would lead to similar research on seagrass meadows in other parts of the world.
Mr. Trump dismissed Ms. Kluge, she said, after allowing her to work for the vineyard for a year.
She died suddenly, shortly before Christmas in 1828.
“This loss is unbearable and incomprehensible,” he said.
If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode.
At least that’s what happened to me.
The members of America’s Billion Dollar Boys Club are feuding over, of all things, a mere millionaire.
In a Twitter post, the Dortmund police told fans: “We are preparing for a big deployment and will take care of security” at the match on Wednesday.
“I’m doing the right thing, and it’s not good for me, believe me.” Democrats scoffed.
We’re experiencing a new wave of athlete activism unlike anything we’ve seen since the civil rights era of the ’60s, when Muhammad Ali, Jim Brown, John Carlos and Tommie Smith rocked our world.
The Asmara escarpment — barren and dun colored — rose just beyond the shore.
He knew Ms. Martin before her death in 2004 and has long adored her work.
Some public high school students in New York are sharing their perspectives through open letters, spoken word and poetry.
“Not a lot.” Composers sometimes bristle at seeing their titles mangled.
Jay’s family is far from unique, and a version of his cozening, calculating mother can be found in many homes, but I also found a little bit of myself here.
When going to get a tattoo or a piercing, the report recommends, look for such evidence of sterile procedures as the use of new gloves, new needles or piercing equipment removed from sterile containers, and fresh ink poured into a disposable container for each new customer.
“You don’t know where it came from, but you know the rules of the boss,” said Stump Merrill, the manager who was in charge of disciplining Mattingly.
“One thing we have to think about is it really does become a state jigsaw,” Dunn says.
A humanitarian crisis is about to explode in Puerto Rico.
In 2012, a double earthquake in the north of the country killed 300 people.
She is survived by two sisters, Sohaila and Soraya Wali, and four brothers, Ahmad, Jahed, Zia and Abdul Wali.
After the ruling, Frans Timmermans, a senior vice president of the European Commission, the European Union’s administrative arm, said, “The commission takes good note of the final award and expects both parties to implement it .” Slovenia accepted the ruling, but Croatia refused.
In this section Sapolsky becomes a partisan critic, including presenting a skeptical view about the supposed long-term decline of human violence claimed by Steven Pinker in “The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined.” Sapolsky asserts that Pinker’s calculations include elementary errors, and that low rates of violence among contemporary hunter-gatherers mean that warfare did not predate agriculture.
■ Mr. Perry also showed a lighter side in an exchange with Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota.
“My job is to protect my child, and to make my child comfortable so he can flourish.
Two men who worked at Yahoo sued the company for gender discrimination last year.
His half brother, Conny Murray, said the cause was multiple organ failure.
At Phillips Academy, there were strict curfews.
Four of the injured were transported by a Singapore military helicopter to Singapore, where they were being treated for conditions that were not believed to be life-threatening.
“They’ve been terrific,” Mr. Brady said.
But at the end of the speech, given in the ballroom of a local Hilton hotel, her words turned, if only glancingly, to current affairs.
“This is supposed to be our enemy.” While some Syrians still have reservations about receiving aid from Israel, he added: “It is not the monster they told us it was.
commission surely will discuss this proposition, although it has no direct say over a policy that has been hammered out by the N.B.A.
But the British colonial authorities, and then the white-minority government in power, would hear nothing of it.
He is Tom Kline, not Klein.
Should I just be relieved that my friend’s killer will be hanged?
Five minutes of extra time for the Americans in Couva, but it produces only three yellow cards.
And more tiny-house building companies are popping up, anticipating just such a shift.
So Mr. Ross inquired about opening a mill with hundreds of workers — not in the United States, but in Vietnam.
Rather than charging one price for subscriptions, Disney’s sports service may allow users granular control over what they pay to watch — “a season, a league, maybe a conference,” Mr. Iger said.
The chilling survey of North Korea’s cyberpower in The Times, describing a sophisticated program of not only weapons of war but also of theft, blackmail, harassment and score-settling, is shocking, but not surprising.
The movement’s leader was dead, and they were away from home.
It seemed youth had never happened to them.
“It’s very difficult to imagine in advance how someone will react when they are a mother.
She was criticized for seeming to defend her husband’s grotesque Twitter assault on the television journalist Mika Brzezinski, when Ms. Grisham said that “as the first lady has stated publicly in the past, when her husband gets attacked, he will punch back 10 times harder.” Ms. Grisham took responsibility for that one, saying it was a comment of Mrs. Trump’s from the past, and “out of context.” Five-inch heels may not be enough to elevate Mrs. Trump from the muck flowing through this White House.
There is a playbook for this: AMC rolled out a prequel, “Better Call Saul,” after its successful drama “Breaking Bad” went off the air in 2013.
When he resigned, Broyles picked Lou Holtz to succeed him.
Mr. Owens told the newspaper that he was a veteran himself, having served four years in the Navy before joining the Army Reserve in Illinois.
Without the subsidies, insurance markets could quickly unravel.
So Obamacare is, though nobody will believe it, a well-thought-out law that works where states want it to work.
It’s even relaxing to experience secondhand.
He had small roles in several Broadway productions in the early 1950s as well as a few television appearances, but that vocation soon fell by the wayside (though he did appear in the 1968 movie “Rachel, Rachel,” directed by his fellow Actors Studio member Paul Newman).
Stay Delightful offers what it calls a “messaging-based guest service solution” that allows hotel employees to communicate and collaborate across departments and interact with guests, via text.
“Committing to an aggressive response now — while encouraging all involved to avoid escalation — is not a position we want to take,” Mr. Brownlee said, according to local reports.
_____ • President Emmanuel Macron of France appealed to President Trump in a phone call to not recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel — a move that would overturn decades of American policy.
My father died of a heart attack.
if she won,” Mr. Kirkegaard said.
The anti-Maduro protests came after an attempt last month by Venezuela’s Supreme Court, controlled by loyalists of the president, to dissolve the opposition-controlled legislature.
To accentuate her hourglass figure, Ms. Lepore even had her bottom ribs broken and pushed in as a way of making her waistline appear smaller and her hips broader.
Breitbart’s Joel Pollak defended Trump , denouncing Mueller’s probe as “the swamp’s political revenge” and arguing that Flynn’s Russian back-channel “is not illegal, and may even have been a good idea.” But — in a move Trump-friendly media has used to shield the president from blame on other issues — Pollak did fault members of the administration.
British Prime Minister Theresa May has sought to make inroads with President Trump, but the Brit who will immediately get the most access with the new American leader is Winston Churchill.
(You can read about them at the bottom of the article.)
A leader of the Go Jelly project, she thinks that Italians, with their zeal for locally sourced regional ingredients, might just find a taste for jellyfish.
Sessions was going to recuse himself from the Justice Department’s investigation into whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia’s interference in the 2016 election.
“It’s a big success starting here at the Cup level.”
Mr. Pence is an evangelical conservative who has strongly opposed a number of gay rights initiatives.
The players were dismissed from the football team on Tuesday, the Spartans’ head coach, Mark Dantonio, said in a statement.
“The word ‘partnership’ has a long and sad history in the vocabulary of U.S.-China relations,” Professor Lampton said.
They couldn’t agree on how badly his brain has been damaged.
Michelle Obama dug a vegetable garden and sponsored a farmer’s market a few blocks from the White House.
“You’ll always pay for your airfare — that is the biggest cost,” Ms. Thomas said.
The groom, also 31, is a clinical and research fellow in the divisions of pulmonary and critical care of Massachusetts General Hospital and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, and is chief resident in the Department of Medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.
The calculator is the brainchild of Phillip Levine , an Wellesley College economist, and it’s being financed by his employer, Wellesley College.
What employee achievements are celebrated?
The move meant that Turkish citizens would no longer be allowed to apply for a visa in Turkey to visit the United States.
Under the tax bill spearheaded by Republicans, a hypothetical company that paid a $10 million sexual abuse settlement would not be able to take a deduction on that amount if the payout had a nondisclosure agreement attached to it.
“Are you all right?” Mr. Ryan asked Cal, who was technically doing a half-dab, while one of his arms was occupied holding the Bible.
“In order to work, a general strike has to actually stop something from functioning,” said Todd Gitlin, a former president of Students for a Democratic Society who has written about political movements.
Pakistanis can say on Facebook things they still could not get away with on television or in print.
(In this sense, the early work of Suzan-Lori Parks comes to mind.)
And something tells me she didn’t travel in packs — or hide away from spectacular encounters.
It also put worries about terrorism back at the forefront of a campaign that had focused mostly on economic issues.
With two out and nobody on, Alex Gordon lifted a ball that fell just out of reach of center fielder Gregor Blanco.
Uber argues that its data is more reliable because all of its drivers use smartphones equipped with accelerometers and global positioning technology.
I think that says a lot about how the show is going to handle race this season.
The Times published a lengthy article describing Mr. Blair’s “trail of deception” in 2003.
That includes Bob Shapiro, whom she faults for having allowed Lyle to surrender without preconditions.
He worked as an analyst for NBA TV and hosted a satellite radio show.
In 2000, Congress passed the Child Citizenship Act, which granted automatic citizenship to children adopted by United States citizens.
• Best of late-night TV.
The idea is to add those to your network who seem to have similar tastes to your own.
Within a month, they had 15,000 followers.
I have only visited it in books, particularly through the eyes of young Esmeralda Santiago in her memoir, “When I Was Puerto Rican.” I imagined the guavas that she taught me and other readers to eat at the beginning of her book being no longer able to grow, the fields they came from deep in the countryside flattened, and the families that farmed them struggling to stay alive without food or clean water.
Yet despite this bleak news from Washington, the movement to reduce the prison population and make our criminal justice system more humane is not in retreat.
“We’ve sold a fraction, somewhere between a quarter and a third of what we would normally sell shovel-wise and salt-wise for winters past,” said Joe Franquinha, the owner of Crest Hardware in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
Destin Daniel Cretton, the “Glass Castle” director, said, “At first, I honestly thought, ‘Oh, some of these stories are so extreme, they might be slight fictionalization of memory.
We’re joined by Jeremy W. Peters, who has been covering the reaction in the conservative news media.
“All of the evidence — call it science, call it economics — shows that if anything, these standards should be even more aggressive,” said the board member Daniel Sperling, a transportation expert at the University of California, Davis.
We did that with our children, too.
Meir Zlotowitz, a soft-spoken man with a flowing white beard, was born in New York City on July 13, 1943, the youngest child of Aaron and Fruma Zlotowitz, immigrants from Lithuania.
Blackhawks fans best remember him for his nine goals and eight assists in the 2013 playoffs, when Chicago won its second Cup in four years.
Any good tale is bound to change over the years.
I cannot afford to really think like that.
The move cost him his life , as Houthis turned their fury on him Monday for what they considered a betrayal.
Other women, who have alleged sexual assault or harassment by powerful men in Hollywood, Silicon Valley and elsewhere, have become targets for online abuse or had their careers threatened.
Last year, weeks of protests against similar labor changes were sometimes marred by violence.
Not all of her antagonists were as conventional.
In Palm Springs, Kenny Irwin offers Robolights — a four acre plot decked out with millions of lights.
Mrs. Till-Mobley flipped the script on the spectacle of black death.
At least seven statues of Kan have gone up across Cambodia in recent years, all with facial features strongly resembling Mr. Hun Sen’s.
“I’m here to make money,” said Mr. Zhang, a 28-year-old former coal miner from Shanxi Province who is saving money to build a home, widely seen in the countryside as indispensable in attracting a wife.
Coal jobs, in particular, aren’t coming back no matter how much leeway we give corporations to blow the tops off mountains and dump toxins in waterways.
The outfit was a departure from the “Princess Bride”-like dresses Ms. Witherspoon wore the previous year while she was still married.
The women view their show, which is heavy on slides, as a forum for merging two disparate cultures: scientists, who, according to Ms.
“Our nation’s commitment is to provide a quality education to every child to serve the greater public, common good,” Ms. DeVos said in her address.
For six years, I immersed myself in the workings of the adult industry.
“If you could wind the clock back 100 years and we hadn’t been emitting greenhouse gases for those 100 years, we could still be having a heat wave right now,” said Philip W. Mote, the director of the Oregon Climate Change Research Institute at Oregon State University.
Kirkuk, inhabited by Kurds, Arabs and Turkmens, has long been the center of dispute between Baghdad and Kurdistan.
Trying to find differing perspectives worth your time is even harder.
Those who qualify might even be treated for free.
He won’t, he said, record more than two full episodes in one sitting.
“So Jenna Bush is just merging all of the black movies tonight at the #GoldenGlobes, huh?” one user asked .
And the Trump administration helped line up $110 billion worth of arms deals , negotiations in which senior officials played prominent roles.
English is the leading language of global commerce, diplomacy, technology and tourism, and it is the most-taught second language in Europe.
The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a third-generation Californian — born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano.
T.” McFarland, deputy national security adviser, managed the potential conflicts of interest presented by her stock holdings, including in Amazon, which is pitching government cybersecurity business?
The report showed, however, that only 206 of those detainers were declined by local law enforcement agencies.
And now, C. C. Sabathia versus Eduardo Nunez?
Across the crowd in the museum’s foyer, she said, “I saw this gorgeous, handsome cameraman with flashing blue eyes.” She smiled.
A boy in my 10th grade reflected: “WGOITP?” is easily one of my favorite activities that we did this year.
The awards are presented by The Broadway League and the American Theater Wing.
FRONT PAGE An article on Monday about the future of the protest movement, using information from Planned Parenthood, referred incorrectly to a training session for 2,000 organizers.
Dr. Wallack and Ms. Zhou, an only child who graduated from Dartmouth in 2011 with an art history degree, describe their courtship as standard-issue.
Asked about Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, who characterized calls for the firing of Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, the president’s national security adviser, as “the same purveyors of hatred and ignorance who precipitated the recent violence in Charlottesville,” Mr. Trump suggested that blame should be shared.
Another 120,000 euros (at the time, nearly $161,000) — for support to Mr. Fitzmaurice — was raised through a crowdfunding campaign, buoyed by celebrity friends including Alan Rickman, Sam Neill and Colin Farrell, who narrated “It’s Not Yet Dark,” a new documentary based on Mr. Fitzmaurice’s best-selling 2014 autobiography .
The court has the authority to accept cases brought by individuals as well as by nations and the United Nations Security Council.
Children in a democracy need opportunities to share personal stories for their own self development.
“Sammy Solis was the best option for us,” Scherzer told reporters.
This was a matter between the government and Boko Haram.
He is expected to introduce a proposal as early as this month.
But since Afghanistan has no real air force, the move resulted in lost ground and soaring Afghan casualties, prompting Mr. Obama to modify the policy.
The couple, who attended Scarsdale High School, began dating after they graduated in 2007.
A bizarre gutting of the team?
What is more, the American economy is expected to pick up some speed later in the year, especially if the White House and Congress can agree on a package of promised tax cuts and new infrastructure spending.
Sofia Coppola’s new version of “The Beguiled,” opening in select theaters on Friday, is the rare remake that’s actually an abridgment.
As the couple appeared, the guests formed a happy scrum around them, whisking them through the doorway and into the house.
I made sure to indulge in a few of these cups, just to make absolutely sure they were still a thing.
Another friend of mine has a jewelry company called M. Cohen.
They are not inclined to punish him, they say, even after he backed off his hard lines on NATO, the Chinese and the Export-Import Bank, and attacked Syria after having opposed such intervention.
How would an agreement be verified and enforced?
South Korea’s lack of influence with the Trump administration was evident during Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s recent visit to Asia.
It was an epic two minutes’ worth of pie throwing, and it was originally to be the ending of “Dr.
It is no surprise that populists have made gains in Germany.
What Are Your Thoughts About Wind Power?
“She’s going to be good for Fox News.
( CNBC ) Exhibit A Exhibit B Behind the stock move: Apparently traders thought that the C.E.O.
Soon Mr. Guo was at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston, receiving a new immunotherapy drug, Keytruda, which is not available in China.
Just pass the ball over here and don’t do anything tricky.’ You can’t do that.
Indeed, this president in his first two months in office is proving to be the king of crash and burn.
They’ve also been making prominent cameos in books.
We live in a rented house, which has three rooms, and we pay about $60 a month for rent.
The unit comes with three spaces in the building’s garage.
But its determination that Iran’s imprisonment of the Namazis is illegal and must end could embarrass Mr. Rouhani, who has pledged to make his country more open and tolerant.
The Weinstein Company was already facing court claims before Harvey Weinstein became the subject of multiple police investigations .
The main area of concern was “the ability to fully engage, communicate and connect with the playing personnel,” Cashman said.
This is peacetime in the Bronx.
It was the kind of jam that, if one has young children, as Ms. Gabe did then, is often encountered slithering down a wall.
But floor votes in the Senate can only be cast by sitting senators.
The police said on Sunday evening that they were investigating the shooting and the robbery that preceded it.
Mr. Trump then introduced the rest of his family and delegation, and he and the pope moved across the room to exchange gifts.
Manafort Brothers Inc., the construction company founded by Mr. Manafort’s Italian immigrant grandfather, has built train stations and roadways all over the region.
In concert, Tinariwen delivers bluesy jams, modal drones and uplifting call-and-response exercises.
Gold Star families, I think that left in the convention over the summer.
They supplied quick-witted, slang-driven repartee that felt both revelatory and reassuring for dugout conversations and meetings on the mound.
Now at last — 200 miles off Cape Sable , Nova Scotia — Cymric had arrived providentially.
I didn’t see it coming, at first.
Determined to escape the clutches of LeBron James.
We met in the village of Pyrgos, situated in the center of the island, where he showed me the ruins of a 15th-century Venetian castle from the era when Venetians ruled Santorini and pointed out the medieval architecture along the maze of slim streets.
That’s what my presidential campaign is advocating for.
Although the economic anxiety that helped put Mr. Trump in the White House remains, the official jobless rate is near what the Fed considers full employment — a threshold where, in theory at least, everyone who wants a job at the going rate can find one.
“Not surprisingly, some landlords — such as Bronstein — have taken advantage of the lack of transparency and oversight,” the lawsuit says.
Large gatherings of people can be difficult to estimate in precise terms — and no one will be happy with the outcome.
[ ABC ] • A Malaysian lawmaker who drew outrage for saying there is “nothing wrong” with a child rape victim marrying the rapist said the news media had misconstrued his comments.
9 on the Vijayawada Highway.
It’s a landscape I recognize from our corner of Georgia — the pecan trees and cotton fields punctuated by boiled-peanut stands, the occasional collection of cows and every conceivable variety of grain elevator.
He may be helping coal companies by rolling back President Barack Obama ’s clean power rules, but supporters see him taking on environmentalists, regarded as a privileged class with little care for the impact on jobs.
No secure venues were available for the day Ms. Coulter was invited to speak, and she rejected alternative dates proposed by the college.
Women and men alike, showing rage and toughness.
“We were most loyal to Mother when we were being disloyal to each other,” Jay writes.
Once the bloodshed is over, Washington seizes control of his destiny, traveling abroad with his young wife and studying the new technique of caissons fed with compressed air.
Either way the world is old and the jokes are ancient.
Occupation : Writer and model Age : 28 Who do you model for?
The company, long the biggest player in internet radio, has seen its user base erode over the last few years as online listeners have headed to Spotify, Apple Music and other outlets.
In the 1990s, I changed firms and was now a midlevel professional.
David E. Johnson, San Antonio, Tx.
First, she placed a photo on Facebook of Sadie attending her first ballet class and allowed people to talk among themselves.
“I do not believe the time is too late.” The two defectors, who live in an undisclosed location abroad, made their case on Monday to small group of human rights experts and reporters in a private meeting at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, and in a brief interview afterward.
I held it near my face as the hyena approached, head slunk down low.
The Mets netted four others in trading Lucas Duda and Addison Reed, also pending free agents, in separate deals before the July 31 nonwaiver trade deadline.
He auctioned his shoulder as advertising space, a human billboard.
And that is not a minor matter.
He suggested that Mr. Trump had relied on multiple news reports, including in The New York Times, to make his charge.
“For some of us, it’s been a pay raise, but it hasn’t felt like it,” she said.
There were signs the problems would linger into Monday, as Delta Air Lines announced Sunday evening that it planned to cancel 300 flights the next day.
His life was as remarkable as that of any of those Renaissance masters whose adventures he chronicled.
■ 28D: If you’ve never read the Steinbeck novel “The Grapes of Wrath” or seen the movie with Henry Fonda, commit JOAD to memory.
Gail: Yeah, we’ve really let the government down with all this … living.
Not the arrogant doctor, who displays little compassion for his patients and whose guilt, “like a flower that blooms only for one day,” withers in the face of Sirkit’s “blazing extortion.” Not Liat, who struggles to find her place in a misogynist police force, yet admits to her own prejudice against Arabs.
I gave her my arm.
Mr. Lasko, at first not comfortable enough with the new leg to dive in, stepped into the water and took off into a gliding freestyle.
King Salman of Saudi Arabia, home of Islam’s holiest sites, spoke to Mr. Trump by telephone on Sunday but made no public comment.
Second, it does not permit backdoor targeting of Americans, whose communications with foreign persons can be incidentally captured in the process.
Fruit juice is not fruit, and we’ve been fooling ourselves for too long.
The overall expenses of salaries, benefits and other funds for far-right Euroskeptic lawmakers and their staffs cost European Union taxpayers about €55 million this year, according to Thilo Janssen, a political scientist who has studied the far right and who advises a left-wing lawmaker in Parliament.
In response, the agency issued an order suspending all administrative cases in which a decision could be reviewed in the 10th Circuit, which covers Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Utah and Wyoming.
He told me he’d slept with men, which, at the time, surprised me.
This year the overall condo market is “a lot healthier than it was,” says Hélène Bégin, a senior economist at Desjardins Economics.
At the popular D’Lice restaurant opposite the market, we sampled the street food bokit, a greasy but satisfying deep-fried sandwich filled with shredded chicken, cheese, salad and a spicy vinegar-based sauce.
Betances is very good, but he has been only a fill-in closer for the Yankees.
She plays here in support of a new album, “Crossing Borders,” which mixes classic repertory with original compositions and features an expert band.
We gave her a bunch of Pettibon books and said, “You just need to study these.” How do you tend to find things?
The Warriors, who are seeking their third straight trip to the N.B.A.
To presuppose what any state is going to do is presumptuous and we’ll wait and see what happens there or anywhere else.” Read the full story here .
The photographer’s task was to document “precisely and without emotion,” Mr. Kaute observes.
“Shame on us,” he said.
I will never be able to say ‘Yeah, O.K., I’m good,’ you know?
By a quirk of history, Mr. Fuller’s play is now being revived in New York during a season when “simple racial conflict” is once again a first-order concern.
In other countries, brutish husbands put wives in hospitals; in America, they put them in graves.
The staff is passionate, the benefit to patients in the city’s poorest borough visible.
Because Uber is widely regarded as the world’s most valuable privately held company, an initial public offering would excite Wall Street and investors worldwide.
But can we believe this about a man who can’t accept the truth about the size of his inauguration crowds, who boasts about his election victory in the most inappropriate circumstances?
CHIKARASHI The success of the chef Michael Jong Lim’s fusion of Japanese chirashi and Hawaiian poke in Chinatown has led to this uptown branch.
Whether Mr. Trump has read or will read “Dereliction of Duty” and, if so, what lessons he will draw remain to be seen.
nightofphilosophyandideas.com DOUGLAS DUNN & DANCERS at St. Mark’s Church in-the-Bowery (Feb. 2-4, 8 p.m.).
In Quaker meeting weeks before the storm, trying to deal with my own losses, I kept thinking about the presence of absence.
On opening the Donati, most readers noted what might politely be called a barnyard, animal smell.
She has since become more identified with straight-ahead jazz, thanks largely to a string of Grammy-winning albums from the 2000s, including “A Little Moonlight” and “Good Night, and Good Luck,” the soundtrack to the film of the same name.
Several players said they could not square the league’s investment in China, which will host the 2022 Games and two N.H.L.
“I hate to use the word ‘streetwear’ because I would love to run as far away as possible from that,” he said, half jokingly.
Some states that have invested a lot in expanding coverage under Obamacare (many of them Democratic) would lose big to others (mostly Republican) that have fiercely resisted going along with the law and are hostile to federal spending in general.
But many more towns put off such projects or, to avoid traversing the preserve, reroute projects through private lands, sometimes cutting down many trees in the process.
The point was that whichever candidate won, it was from the same restricted pool.
game is Robert F. Kennedy Stadium in Washington, which closed out its 22-season run as D.C. United’s home with a visit from the Red Bulls.
“Open resistance to the war and the draft,” they wrote, “is the course of action most likely to strengthen the moral resolve with which all of us can oppose the war and most likely to bring an end to the war.” Early the next year, Mr. Raskin and four other antiwar activists were indicted in Boston on federal charges of conspiracy to counsel young men to violate the draft laws.
• The Trump administration has turned to three people with deep industry ties to oversee efforts to dismantle regulations at the Transportation Department, according to an investigation by The New York Times and ProPublica.
But I was terrified of them.
I was pondering ways to revisit my New York Times puzzle from Friday, Jan. 27, 2012 , and add a new twist.
기내 엔터테인먼트는 북한군 오케스트라가 클래식 음악을 연주하는 영상인데 이 영상 중간중간에는 미사일 발사 장면이 끼어있다.
Large numbers of innocent people are invariably caught in the middle.
The rental car agent in Milan gave us directions to Siena via Genoa, a route, we later learned, that added about two hours to the trip.
Mr. Hautzig, a concert pianist who escaped from Nazi-occupied Vienna as a teenager armed with a fellowship from the Jerusalem Conservatory and went on to become a touring musical good-will ambassador, died on Monday at his home in Manhattan.
Sam Querrey overcame a sluggish start to defeat the Frenchman Vincent Millot, 4-6, 7-6 (4), 7-5, in a first-round match at the Rogers Cup in Montreal.
Sometimes when the poems turned dreamy and yearning, I thought the music missed a chance to reflect these emotions more directly.
“I think that went exactly as planned,” Mr. Miller said coyly, finally ceding the stage.
That’s the question I ask every time I step into an artfully decorated room or look through shelter magazines in admiration.
“The whole thing just got bootstrapped together; it was a labor of love,” he said.
A breakdown of voting patterns in the December referendum in Italy, which resulted in the fall of the center-left government , revealed that urban centers, the southern half of the country and young, unemployed workers overwhelmingly rejected the reform measures put forward by Matteo Renzi, then the prime minister.
Mr. Trump famously prizes loyalty from his aides and dislikes criticism .
Guests in bleachers read grim texts crawling up the palace’s facade, most of them fragments of poems by exiles caught up in a global immigration crisis that is “cruel and killing,” as Ms. Holzer said in an email exchange.
At times, the Islamic State has gotten details wrong, or inflated casualty figures, but the gist of its claims is typically correct.
Congress needs to allocate more money now to help states upgrade their equipment and computer systems, and to perform threat assessments.
Haik acknowledged that Mic was acting out ‘‘the much-lamented and much-snarked-about .
Mr. Viana, who started regularly attending ceremonies and rituals at the temple, realized that in documenting theSherpas’ experience, he was also exploring his own.
He graduated summa cum laude from Princeton and received an M.B.A. and a law degree from Stanford.
The watch is a limited edition of 30 pieces — and those who find the $815,500 price a bit steep may take comfort in knowing it comes with a bespoke carbon road bike by the Italian maker Colnago.
Set to a score ranging from Marilyn Manson to David Lang and original music by Terry Dame, the result is a toothy treat for a fun and ghoulish holiday.
I can’t stand this routine.
But Microsoft, which is based in Redmond, Wash., still occasionally outperforms the overall market, especially during a surge in sales of higher-end personal computers.
Your briefing team is off for the holidays.
Each passing text tugged at Ms. Lewell’s heart, pulling her toward a new life that beckoned beyond the border.
I don’t think we’ve seen him before, nor has he even been alluded to, to the best of my recollection.
Scaffolding has already appeared at its base, and the building’s gurgling pipes, drafty windows and creaky elevators will all be replaced.
As for Exxon Mobil, now would be a great time to show that its endorsement means something.
Chicago lost back-to-back games at home.
He is the son of Dr. Sun H. Park and Chang S. Park of Fort Lee, N.J.
The fact that opportunity in “Gone Girl” opened up — I made a tape in my living room in Chicago, and I went to New Orleans for a wedding, and they called me and said, “You need to be in L.A. on Monday.” Then they didn’t let me meet David [Fincher, the film’s director] for a week.
California Today goes live at 6 a.m. Pacific time weekdays.
One of the most chilling statements was that of opposing counsel stating she didn’t act like someone who had been assaulted, implying therefore that it could not have happened.” ASHELEY LEMON “She was asked if it was someone else’s hand, why she didn’t immediately cause a scene, if she didn’t go ‘asking for it’ by wearing such a short skirt.
When we learned, to our great horror, that Adam Lanza had slaughtered 20 6- and 7-year-olds in their school in Newtown, Conn., along with teachers, teachers’ aides, a school psychologist and the principal — and Congress did nothing — the modern gun debate moved irreversibly toward its death.
There have been enough of these sorts of minifurors lately that you would think brands would learn from them instead of repeating them.
That will help orient you and strengthen connections in your brain about where you are and have been.
The authority’s commissioners are scheduled to meet on Thursday to vote on a $30 billion long-term spending plan that includes only about $1 billion for improvements at J.F.K.
Moira is able to make it on the train leading into Boston while Offred is dragged back to the Red Center.
Then he visited a construction site.
Boston had just claimed one of the most prized assets in the league, yet Grousbeck remained calm.
“The objective is to share observations of the different companies and have more general discussion on what each of these companies thinks needs to change.” A spokesman for Mr. Ma did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
“Maybe that’s where we are” in women’s basketball, “a little bit above where the game was back then,” Auriemma said last month, after UConn’s 99th consecutive victory.
The president has complained repeatedly that the Emmys are rigged.
“He was vicious,” he said.
And then I realized I wasn’t that different from those TV pundits.
The visceral fury about the reports has laid bare the distrust that many feel about rigid, harsh, even abusive conditions in schools and what many see as a lack of official accountability when children are mistreated.
I was going to play Belize.
But the books could not wait any longer.
But the mills are hulks.
[ The New York Times ] • Allen Ginsberg once taught at San Francisco State University.
Indeed, it is so perfect that you could easily not notice that it is one of the most exquisite restaurant interiors in the world.
We trivialize our lives, and then at the same time we know that it’s like the moth — unless you get your wings just right, you’re not going to make it.” Four or five specimens in the book were dead or paralyzed by spiders when Mr. Gowin took their picture.
When the sheriff returned with Mr. Wilson and his father, Mrs. Taylor identified Mr. Wilson as one of her attackers, as did the teenage friend.
One is Murillo’s even earlier painting of Juan Arias de Saavedra, a young minister for the Spanish Inquisition, painted in 1650.
More than 40 years after the Boston Bruins trainer John Forristall drew stitches on Gerry Cheevers’s stark white mask, the painting of goalie masks has become a specialized, highly competitive industry.
Weary of past administrations’ attempts at “regime change,” and skeptical of the evidence about who was truly behind the chemical attack, Mr. Merry argues that President Trump might be betraying the very voters that elected him.
Without a rejuvenated labor movement, it’s almost inconceivable that breakthrough reforms will come to pass.
Though most Republicans continued to oppose the idea of a special prosecutor, some small cracks in the resistance gave Democrats hope that they could prevail while, at a minimum, forcing Republicans to defend their opposition to the public.
Marcus Foster, Oakland’s first black superintendent of schools, was assassinated in November 1973.
Though the town’s population is about 11,000, officials said they were expecting as many as 60,000 to gather for the Dalai Lama’s appearances at Tawang’s monastery this weekend.
Serialization is novel in musical presentations these days, and Trinity’s program synopsis toys with the cliffhanger aspect, as in, say, a radio drama from the 1940s or ’50s: “WILL Jephtha triumph?
The House bill approved Thursday goes a step further , doubling the exemption through the 2024 tax year (and indexing for inflation), but then eliminating the tax.
The people you meet at Nar-Anon and Al-Anon can help clarify what your boundaries are with your husband and also how you can hold them with a greater sense of peace.
“That’s what people loved most about it.” As Mr. Schutz told the story, about three weeks into his new job he noticed a chart on the office wall of Helmuth Bott , Porsche’s lead engineer, who was also unhappy about the 911’s impending demise.
And now I am super, super into taking care of my skin.
(Want to get this briefing by email?
As a matter of principle, said Robert McCaw, the director of government affairs at CAIR, people should not unlock their devices.
You can do it here .
Closer to the beach, we caught glimpses of the wave-shattered boardwalk, streets filled with sand, abandoned cars.
In the rules proposed Wednesday, the Trump administration said that it would generally allow states to determine whether insurance plans had enough doctors, hospitals and other health care providers to serve patients.
I hope Trump is watching, but I have my doubts.
But the desire for competition is nonpartisan.
And Mr. Trump has toned down his presence on Twitter — mildly — relying more on the kind of official statements and news media availability used to by his predecessors.
“It is best seen as a set of proposals put together by businessmen courtiers for their king,” they write.
But nothing about the investigations into Russian election interference is routine.
Also, it does not always grow back, as I can unfortunately attest.
Petty wrote in a typically laconic statement .
A flurry of campaign emails last week, overseen by the digital fund-raising team behind Senator Bernie Sanders’s presidential bid, urged donations of any amount, even as little as $3.
has failed to refund the overcharges, or even to notify borrowers of the overcharges,” the attorney general’s office wrote in its filing.
There are fewer editorial assignments, there are far fewer — mostly poor paying — newspaper jobs.
Both rooms have doors that open onto separate covered outdoor patios.
Such are the standards by which Donald Trump’s deliberate assaults on the news media need to be understood and feared.
“This new wave of everyone kneeling, it means absolutely nothing,” said L’lerrét Jazelle Ailith, the communications manager for Black Youth Project 100, an activist organization.
Shout-out to all my friends who will be those women for tomorrow’s girls interested in STEM.
The great campaigner for freedom from Britain’s imperial yoke, Mohandas Gandhi, spent weeks in both theaters of what he described as “almost a civil war.” He was determined to quell sectarian violence with his own life if need be.
Meanwhile, Mr. Platt and Mr. Vasilenko continued to meet, and Mr. Platt continued to try to recruit him as they drank together, went hunting and shooting together, and had dinner together at the Vasilenko home with Mr. Vasilenko’s wife and children.
Mr. Pence also defended the timing of the dismissal, saying that “it was the right decision at the right time.” Asked by a different group of reporters whether the removal was related to the Russia investigation, Mr. Pence cited the testimony on Monday of the former director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr. “There is no evidence of collusion,” Mr. Pence said.
“With the moral authority of the presidency, you have to call that stuff out,” Anthony Scaramucci, an ally of Mr. Trump’s who served briefly as White House communications director last month, told George Stephanopoulos of ABC’s “This Week” on Sunday.
Maybe another person would have given up at that point, but I was on my way to meet Elaine Welteroth, the editor in chief of Teen Vogue.
The police department is stepping up security measures, like doubling the number of sniper teams and adding more sand trucks, to protect the 51,000 runners and more than 2.5 million spectators expected at the event.
Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson was subjected to a full day of rough, bipartisan criticism on Tuesday as senators from both parties denounced the Trump administration’s plans to cut the State Department’s budget by about 30 percent.
According to Curtis, Trump has taken his stratagems for spreading pandemonium from Surkov’s playbook, with Steve Bannon — a product of Hollywood and Goldman Sachs who now sits on the National Security Council’s Principals Committee — acting as Trump’s Surkov.
Among the biggest surprises in the election was the strong showing by Freedom & Direct Democracy, the extreme right-wing party of Tomio Okamura, of mixed Czech and Japanese descent, who has lived in the Czech Republic since he was 6.
provides the parameters and conducts its own audit tests to ensure accuracy — and some car companies did not submit data for the new front-passenger crash test.
“Cost of Living” almost doesn’t recover.
At the time, my own prom adventures were not going as well as Ms. Shalabi’s.
But with Rei, you don’t need to explain, the spirit is in the collection.
The cat, also this movie’s title character, has some metaphoric weight, representing the life Emily left behind.
But these teams meet so often that ennui is beginning to settle in .
Some communities have approved local ballot measures to improve public transportation with the expectation that the federal government would provide matching funds.
La David T. Johnson this week.
“We want to understand something not just about neural nets but something deeper about reality.” Olah’s hope is that deep neural networks reflect something deeper about parsing data — that insights gleaned from them might in turn shed light on how our brains work.
The groom’s mother retired as a social worker at the Long Island Jewish Medical Center in New Hyde Park, N.Y. His father, also retired, was the chief financial officer for GEM Pawnbrokers, a family-owned pawnshop chain with corporate headquarters in Brooklyn.
It was a disastrous equation that resulted in jammy, oaky, tannic wines that for me, at least, were not worth seeking out.
“I’ve also got 20 years in the men’s wear field,” he said.
I bring this up because Damon Gulczynski, the constructor of today’s puzzle, explains in his notes below that a theme very similar to his own ran in The Wall Street Journal recently, and the truth is, these things happen all the time.
A large body of scientific research indicates that solitary confinement is especially damaging to adolescents and young adults because their brains are still developing.
In that job, Mr. Silvers became known for bringing in new writers like Elizabeth Hardwick , Mary McCarthy, Kingsley Amis and Alfred Kazin, and for orchestrating theme issues.
“We’re not at the Newton stage, but I don’t think we’re at iPhone stage,” Mr. Renert said.
Mr. Jones, the Beijing-based economist, said China’s level of involvement in New Zealand could threaten the country’s democratic institutions.
An editorial in The Wall Street Journal called it “a tax and regulatory mugging masked as public charity.” Steve Forbes, the onetime presidential candidate, said it amounted to a “permanent backdoor tax increase” that “set a dangerous precedent for state government intrusion into the private marketplace.” In Trenton on Sunday, Shawn Ludwig, the president of Communications Workers of America Local 1038, which represents about 3,000 state workers, called the Horizon situation a “made-up crisis.” “It’s not a real crisis.
That offense prevented him from obtaining legal status, even though he was married to an American citizen.
You could make any of those for dinner tonight (though the adobo will have you eating late).
Early in the first half of Thursday’s game, he will most likely pass Duke’s Luke Kennard atop the Division I list for most minutes played this season.
Now, she manages a $26 billion fund for George Soros and his family.
There are all kinds of folks we’ve known forever.”
Agency officials have declined repeated requests for information detailing the scientific rationale for Mr. Pruitt’s decision.
It’s a “likable, amusing” movie, our critic writes.
Sancton is no Dominick Dunne , who would have found the beating heart of this thing, if there was one.
“Anything heady or even trying to be intellectual is sandwiched in a very, very bready sandwich of aggressively stupid,” she told Jimmy Fallon about her new series.
Is the Golden State really a progressive utopia?
Action against North Korea before then would be politically too risky for him.
But valar dohaeris (“all men must serve”).
Sessions has invoked that testimony in discussions at the Justice Department, saying that he gave Congress his word and that he intended to keep it, according to one person present, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe private conversations.
Instead, the Yankees have a center fielder, Jacoby Ellsbury, making $21 million a year as a reward for winning championships in Boston.
We are paying.” The ideology, a mix of anti-Western socialism and a rigid interpretation of Islam, is widely regarded as outdated.
In 1511, a carnival in Udine, Italy, turned into a riot that led to the murder of 50 nobles and the sacking of more than 20 palaces.
None of the Five has slowed down investing intended to further expand its area of control — for instance, Google keeps investing in search, Facebook is still spending heavily to create new social-networking features, and Amazon remains relentless in creating new ways to let people shop.
A technically adept bassist with a smooth tenor voice, Mr. Wetton came up musically in London in the late 1960s and early ’70s.
She said in the suit that she had other work, too: The women at Upload were required to do what were called “womanly tasks,” including cleaning up.
PK I feel the same way.
The head of the team, Dr. Michael Rabow, started with a poem.
The mayor of Milton, Ontario, said in a Twitter post that Alaa Al-Muhandis, a resident of the town, had been killed in the attack.
And so, twice a month, Mr. Spano ships vehicles that are loaded with all manner of items collected by local Haitian immigrants to send to people back home, from bundles of clothes — known as pepé in Creole — to sacks of rice to crutches to pots and pans.
(1/3) As the national conversation has become increasingly fractured, major brands have repeatedly found themselves in the middle of these kinds of controversies, often stoked by posts or comments on Twitter and Facebook.
Capitalizing “Foster child” at the beginning of a clue is the constructors’ way of tricking solvers into believing that a character in “Freaky Friday” was in the foster system.
“I gave him a bribe almost every time I met with him,” Mr. Rivera said.
Another group under a microscope are people who voted in 2012 but did not bother last November.
Mr. Comey was making his own plans.
Here are some questions and answers about saving for a down payment: How much of a down payment do I need to buy a home?
Health care is one of its specialties.
“I don’t know that this very small uptick in mortality means we ought to start doing colonoscopies on 20-year-olds as a routine matter,” said Dr. Michael Potter, a professor of family and community medicine at the University of California, San Francisco.
At the same time, iFlyTek hosts a laboratory to develop voice surveillance capabilities for China’s domestic security forces.
Curtiss-Wright quickly began buying up properties in the Bronx, hoping to create what a local newspaper described as “the world’s largest airport on the shore of Eastchester Creek.” Residents of the neighboring Village of Pelham Manor, understandably, did not like the idea of an airport in their backyard; although the village was located in Westchester County, local officials attempted to alter zoning laws to prevent the airport’s construction.
In March, Paris bid officials said that their proposal was only feasible for 2024 because of land availability issues, and that the city would not accept the 2028 Games.
“A toxic culture might be obvious when you think about Uber,” Professor Vogus said.
To begin with, it elevates superficiality, speed and the image — all youthful preoccupations — over depth, deliberation and text, which we associate with mature adults.
Then she will meet with members of the Congressional Black Caucus and Congressional Hispanic Caucus, who are concerned that racist and anti-immigrant messages spread on the site were amplified by the platform’s technology and fake accounts.
The Giants will return every starter other than Hankins to a stifling defense that permitted a league-low 25 touchdowns as part of an 11-5 season.
“There are a lot of possible outcomes that could lead to a very long negotiation, lasting perhaps weeks if not months,” he added.
But this January, I decided on a more united approach, baking things that are a bit lower in sugar than, say, your average brownie, and adding whole-grain flour to increase their nutritional value — or at least, to give them a small nudge toward wholesomeness.
“Yes, he did state that comment,” Ms. Jones-Johnson said, via message on Facebook, of Mr. Trump’s remark that her son “knew what he signed up for.” By midafternoon, the White House was no longer disputing Ms. Wilson’s account of Mr. Trump’s choice of words.
Bannon is dedicated to shrinking the global clout of China, the European Union and Iran, and to making America a country less open to immigration and trade, a country that is whiter and more nationalistic and a country that is as free of Muslim influence and immigrants as possible.
French doors and windows open to a long enclosed porch with ceiling fans and more glass doors and windows that open to a deck shaded by trees.
It’s not so funny when it happens to you.
But they couldn’t get “(Not) Water” to breathe the way they wanted.
JAMES R. OESTREICH LEONIDAS KAVAKOS AND YUJA WANG, FEB. 8 The piano introduction to the last movement of Bartok’s Violin Sonata No.
But the German scientists, led by Matthias Meyer at the Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology in Tübingen, have spent years developing methods to find DNA even where it seemed impossibly scarce and degraded.
Verizon was recently forced to bring back unlimited data plans to match its rivals’ offerings.
What have we come to?” A Police Department spokeswoman posted a picture on Twitter from the inside of the gymnasium where the students were waiting, saying that they were being taken care of and entertained with glow sticks, checkers and a Disney movie while they waited for their parents.
Do graduation events adequately address their achievements and experiences?
As with his demand for a wiretapping inquiry, Mr. Trump called for a “major investigation” into voter fraud, saying on Twitter that “depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!” No investigation has been started.
Jay Clayton, a Wall Street lawyer who has worked on prominent public offerings, is a leading candidate for chairman of the S.E.C., according to Reuters , which cited two sources familiar with the matter.
So why should a hospital or a court override them?
Even then I understood why some women may have voted for Mr. Trump — so they could continue to believe that their own experiences of sexual harassment or abuse were really “no big deal.” I did not vote for Mr. Trump.
“In such circumstances a settlement was considered a prudent outcome for Australian taxpayers.” Since 2012, Australia has confined thousands of asylum seekers, intercepted at sea while trying to reach Australia, in offshore detention camps on Manus and the Pacific island nation of Nauru.
On the subject of wrapping paper and gifts, Flanders pays special attention to the older custom of gifts as a form of tax paid to the rulers and landlords of the 15th and 16th centuries (as standing ovations are in the White House this season), which is transformed by the 19th century, especially under the influence of Dickens, into a new, child-centric tradition of parents giving gifts (manufactured gifts, not homemade ones) to their children.
For too many, he was refreshingly anti-polish and anti-convention.
The vote late Tuesday left many Democrats dismayed.
Another person with knowledge of Mr. Kushner’s email use said that others in the administration, including Stephen K. Bannon, the former chief strategist, and Reince Priebus, the former White House chief of staff, had also used personal email accounts for what could qualify as government business.
• The World Health Organization dropped Zimbabwe’s authoritarian leader, Robert Mugabe, as a “good-will ambassador” after days of widespread, bitter criticism.
• Samsung will introduce a new smartphone this week , hoping to redeem itself from last year’s debacle over combusting Galaxy Notes.
Afterward I said, ‘Merce, is it going to always be this way?’ And he said, ‘Well, if you don’t like it …’ so I said, ‘No I don’t like it.
About two-thirds of those visitors use the site every day.
Why so many Mets keep getting hurt does not lend itself to a simple explanation.
It is a violation of the law and put Sweden and its citizens in harm’s way.” Anders Thornberg, head of the Swedish Security Service, told journalists: “This is very serious because it could damage our operational business that we are conducting every day in order to protect Sweden.” Members of Parliament have not been satisfied by those assurances.
Mr. Trump’s tough talk on China promised a fresh start.
For 20 years, I fought against who I am.
“It used to be that girls looked through magazines when they got engaged,” she said.
I am sorry to everyone.” Last year, an opponent of Ward’s died after their bout.
The number of South Asians in the state has grown dramatically in recent decades.
But the women weren’t deterred.
Unfortunately, they often oppose each other in terms of the proposed reforms.
Most of them are the familiar sandwich that’s over 100 years old: white cream nestled between two chocolate wafers.
The Trump transition team says Mr. Price, who is chairman of the House Budget Committee, did nothing wrong and will sell his stocks to avoid conflicts of interest if confirmed.
As played by the ever-inventive Irish actor Andrew Scott (Jim Moriarty in television’s “Sherlock”) in a modern-dress staging complete with video screens, Bob Dylan songs and the sight of Ophelia (a whispery Jessica Brown Findlay) taking a bath, this Hamlet couples a restless mind with an impulsive physicality and the intimation — during the players’ scene — that Mr. Scott’s prince would have made a good critic.
Coca-Cola, for instance, signed a 16-year extension of its agreement with FIFA, soccer’s global governing body, in 2005, a deal that takes it through the 2022 World Cup.
But those administrations had scores of candidates in the pipeline by this time.
If you’re going to make a reading list, you might as well make one for prison, where smartphones are contraband and a disconcerting number of people really do need ways to pass the years.
All this money created a new economy surrounding the car business in India.
The rest of the appeal?
But as the price of oil, a major export commodity, has recovered from multiyear lows in 2014, Russia’s central bank has resumed purchases of hard currency.
About 20,000 riders spoke up.
It depends on what they want to do, you know.
Jim Lakely, a spokesman for the Heartland Institute, said he hoped United Nations climate delegates would also hear his group’s message.
Both were seen as unlikely to succeed, although the merger between Cigna and Anthem was seen as even less likely to be approved because those two companies have more overlap nationally and have been unable to present a unified front.
But he provided no details on how this would be done and emphasized the importance of continued economic growth — the latest hint of the government’s wariness of cracking down too hard on lending for fear of hurting growth.
But the drugs were not his — he said he thought he was smuggling marijuana — and there was no evidence that he played any role other than as a one-time courier.
Her name is Ms. Marjorie Blain, and though as portrayed by Beth Griffith, she has the sweetest smile, don’t expect too much in the way of guidance from her.
Conservatives are pressing Mr. McConnell to accept a proposal by Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, that would allow insurers to sell cheaper, less comprehensive health plans if they also offered at least one plan that met federal insurance standards, including a requirement to provide certain benefits like maternity care and mental health coverage.
Jason Day, ranked third in the world, played even worse, with several messy misadventures in the Erin Hills terrain — stumbles that may lead to his ouster from the tournament by its midway point.
After the woman got sick at work and fainted one evening, requiring her to be rushed to a hospital, she received little help from the agency in organizing follow-up treatment, she said.
: At this point in your life, when you’re a young man and you saw an African-American or you saw a Jewish person, what was going through your mind?
In contrast, young women’s leisure time grew by 1.4 hours a week.
Ronaldo was accused of having used shell companies outside Spain to hide income made from image rights.
They made shrewd trades for Bagwell and others, and drafted future stars like J. R. Richard, Lance Berkman and Biggio.
Leahy spent the holidays at a smartphone-free Thai meditation retreat reading therapeutic self-improvement books from the School of Life series.
This is no longer a contest between Communism and capitalism.
“Xi would prefer nice clear water between a munificent China and an America focused on itself,” he said.
The Compass Group , a giant American food-service operation that Mr. Andrés recently partnered with, sent someone who understood what it takes to feed several thousand people at a time.
In New Orleans, the annual party leading up to Mardi Gras will be in full swing in the coming days, culminating next week on Fat Tuesday.
The museum Barr envisioned would, like the Bauhaus, have multiple departments for artistic disciplines.
In a 2012 money laundering and stock fraud case in Kyrgyzstan, the Central Bank listed it as a shell company used for payments by AsiaUniversalBank, a lender seized by Kyrgyzstan’s Central Bank amid money laundering allegations.
Like students at the ArtCenter, Panasonic is also looking at using the windshield as an overlay for additional information or advertisements.
I don’t feel comfortable giving that access and it feels like an invasion of privacy, but the app doesn’t seem to work otherwise.
Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee and the chairman of the Senate health committee, has said he would like to draft legislation geared toward stabilizing the marketplaces and providing a temporary continuation of subsidies paid to insurance companies to offset out-of-pocket medical expenses.
“Have your fun,” she said at a news conference Thursday, all but taunting her intraparty detractors.
Justice Sonia Sotomayor disagreed, saying that defense lawyers should be able to say to their expert, “I have to defend this man — give me my best argument.” Justice Stephen G. Breyer said some of his colleagues were asking the wrong question.
The draft resolution, seen by The New York Times, encourages the Yemen national human rights body to cooperate with the United Nations human rights office and seeks to establish a three-member commission of inquiry.
The Erin Hills golf course, like a good newcomer wanting to make friends, has been overly generous in its first time hosting the event.
Questions for Comprehension and Analysis 1.
Several analysts say that may have been a strategy to give him room to back out, though that will not be easy if the Catholic Church mobilizes the population behind this accord.
He addressed the controversial deaths of black men at the hands of the police with pragmatism and empathy, despite his awareness that certain white people would — and did — jeer.
The court is expected to deliver a verdict by late August, when Mr. Lee’s arrest warrant is to expire.
Mr. Slager was swiftly fired and arrested, and the City of North Charleston, whose law enforcement practices came under substantial scrutiny , agreed to a $6.5 million settlement with Mr. Scott’s family.
You do it dry, so it’s kind of abrasive, but I find it really makes a difference if you do it every day.
Navient added to the burden, the bureau said, by making those loans harder to repay.
A spokesman for the acting director, Kathleen McGettigan, a 25-year veteran, said Monday morning that the office was monitoring the forecast and that existing procedures would be followed.
Prince Bader, in a statement published Thursday in a Saudi newspaper owned by a company he leads, said he had “read with great surprise the report published about me in The New York Times newspaper and the strange and inaccurate information it contained.” His statement did not mention the painting or address whether he had bought it.
In April 2015, Aaron Bryant rushed to be there when demonstrations swept through Baltimore on the day of Freddie Gray’s funeral.
(Current rules require R.N.s only for eight hours.)
I decided to start a company foundation.” After that foundation was up and running, he returned to his desire to tell stories, now as someone with the means to fund people and their ideas.
Another 25 percent said it was “moderately important.” Careful examination of Trump’s initial support shows the key role of white identity voters in Trump’s ascendance.
There’s a mild paradox that this entirely digital movie waxes so nostalgic for analog-age stuff: Art Deco diners, big-knob radios, funky garages.
Images from the scene showed brightly dressed family members rushing through the crowd and embracing one another outdoors.
Mr. Trubnikov couldn’t cover his debts and the distillery soon went under.
“They took the handcuffs from handcuffing him,” she says, referring to the risk he faced of arrest for rape, “to handcuffing me, by marrying me without me knowing what I was doing.” “You can’t get a job, you can’t get a car, you can’t get a license, you can’t sign a lease,” she adds, “so why allow someone to marry when they’re still so young?” Those are precisely the reasons marriages for even 17-year-olds are problematic, according to Fraidy Reiss, who founded Unchained at Last to fight forced marriage and child marriage.
“You know, his days of being very, very, very gregarious are done,” Mr. Roberts said.
Nurtured by the protective, measured Venus in their early days on tour, the younger Serena Williams has always been the showy sister — just recently pregnant and mostly nude on a Vanity Fair cover .
I think in my life always the people in the pictures are more important, so there’s a battle going on.
These types of actions dishonor their names and the entire Marine Corps,” Mr. Albert said in an interview.
Pro tip: Make sure you start with a plan for the day , so you’re not just being reactive to the inevitable flood of emails.
Those were published pseudonymously in Federalist newspapers in 1793 and 1794 as part of a debate with James Madison over whether to remain neutral in the brewing war between revolutionary France and other European powers.
“Some legislators and politicians have used my name and my supposed ambitions as an excuse not to advance the approval of laws that would improve the conditions and tools to secure justice,” he said.
Diana Taylor, the chair of the Hudson River Park Trust, said in a statement that “it was a tragedy for the public that the project was canceled last month.
1 Andy Murray and No.
The same things were said of the N.A.A.C.P.
In fact, in many ways he has helped prop it up.
What’s more, deaf actors appeared frequently, always as hearing characters; five found regular work onscreen, where facial expression and gestures signified more than moving lips.
The defendants in the Vanderbilt case have come to trial amid a nationwide debate about sexual assault on colleges campuses that intensified last year when a former Stanford swimmer convicted of sexual assault was sentenced to what some said was an unreasonably lenient sentence of six months in jail.
But bank liquidity requirements come at a very high cost to the economy.
The celebration, traditionally a time of purification, retains some of its Buddhist beginnings.
“It’s likely that these engines came from Ukraine — probably illicitly,” Mr. Elleman said in an interview.
He was Mitt Romney’s national finance chairman in 2008 and supported former Gov.
President Trump has been clear that he wants to do more than just get rid of chunks of Obamacare.
Governments also do not prioritize software security.
It’s only 30 minutes, but wear comfortable shoes: Like the dancers, you’ll be on your feet.
Pushing back against the biggest threat so far to Donald Trump’s young presidency, his most fervent supporters are building alternative narratives to run alongside the “establishment” media account — from relatively benign diversions to more bizarre conspiracies.
You can get the briefing delivered to your inbox Sunday through Friday.
Norman Rockwell’s “Four Freedoms,” the four World War II-era works pictured above and inspired by Franklin D. Roosevelt’s 1941 State of the Union address, will soon travel around the United States and France in the exhibition “Enduring Ideals: Rockwell, Roosevelt & the Four Freedoms.
Composers like Janácek and Mr. Adès also have this penchant; Mr. Aucoin carries it even further, to dramatic effect.
Over time, the monkey’s face softened into something cuter.
“They don’t want to get stuck.
Using monthly data, it has been higher only in 1929, when it reached 33, and in the few years around 2000, when it reached 44.
But “a great many members are concerned with whether the director has employed a double standard.” The hearing took place a day after the Justice Department’s inspector general said it was investigating Mr. Comey’s decision during the campaign to hold a news conference announcing the end of the case — and then, just before the election, inform Congress there was possible new evidence only to say days later that it did not amount to anything.
A Pakistani officer and an Afghan officer were killed during clashes at the Torkham border crossing, about 150 miles east of the capital of Kabul, Afghanistan, last year.
After Mr. Carroll was attacked in 2002, she visited him in the hospital.
Though Ms. McKinnon attempts to pass hacked emails to Mr. Day, their exchange is thrown into chaos by the unexpected intrusion of Eric Trump (Alex Moffat).
Transit , Amtrak • Roads : Check traffic map or radio report on the 1s or the 8s .
At the drop-in session I attended, 10 men and women in their 20s and 30s sat around a coffee table.
_____ • China is open for business.
The show was canceled, and its creative team was soon gone, including Linda Haberman, the respected artistic director of the Rockettes since 2006.
“It is not a bipolar world anymore.
Mr. Conyers also released a statement that began by describing himself as a “fierce advocate for equality in the workplace” and a supporter of the “rights of employees who believe they have been harassed or discriminated against.” He went on to say that though he had settled the claim, he had done nothing wrong and would “fully cooperate” if the House moved to investigate the matter.
First, they demonstrate that implicit gender bias in dress codes works both ways, something we should not forget.
“Violence and use of force in any situation is disturbing and difficult to watch,” her statement said.
That caught up with him on Wednesday, when he was ousted as Louisville’s head coach.
It is also unwise, because we should not trust giant corporations governed by profit motives rather than the public interest to decide what we can and cannot say on the internet.
Judd and I were talking about the anxiety of knowing you have to do something or meet a group of people you don’t know.
Almost three years after Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared with 239 people on board, officials said on Tuesday that they had called off the underwater search for the plane, ensuring that one of the great aviation mysteries will remain unsolved for the foreseeable future.
“It meant a lot to me that when the rubber met the road she still said, ‘I want you to be in my wedding,’” he said.
When my first son was born, I thought I might start reading books electronically, because it would be easier to do that while breast-feeding, but I tried once and it didn’t work and so that was that.
The evidence discovered along the way was presented, one plastic bagful at a time, before jurors in Federal District Court in Manhattan on Wednesday, Day 3 in the trial of the man accused of setting off the bomb on Sept. 17, 2016, Ahmad Khan Rahimi .
One thing is clear: The days when foreign companies thought they could come to China and make a quick profit are over.
Recently it has been battling to stay relevant with the advance of online retailers — like Amazon.
In an article this month in The Bleacher Report, Kip Andersen, the director of the documentary “What the Health,” was quoted as saying that so many professional basketball players had given up meat that the league might soon be called the N.V.A.
While the names of streets and structures here commemorate its Rat Pack and Republican pasts — there’s Frank Sinatra Drive and, at the airport, the Sonny Bono Concourse — its present is progressive and very, very gay.
The company was hit with a data breach in May 2014 , an event Uber discovered later that year and disclosed in February 2015.
Taking a tougher line, the University System of Georgia said that any call for sanctuary was “ unacceptable ” and added, “We expect our institutions to follow the law.” In his first formal briefing, on Jan. 23, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, suggested that canceling DACA would not be a priority for the new administration, but he did not provide any explicit reassurance that the program would continue.
“The Yankees have always been my family’s favorite team and my favorite team growing up,” Garcia said.
“Killing and murdering is not Islamic,” Nazim Mohammed, 75, said in an interview.
I get to be really angry.
We also talked about how lists might vary; how within our own little bubble we still had trouble coming to consensus and how we could imagine that consensus might be even harder if we included the whole nation.
Film Series A case could be made that many of the techniques Orson Welles employed in “Citizen Kane” — low angles, a dynamic play of light and shadow, an innovative use of sets and scale — reached full flower in “ The Trial ,” a 1962 adaptation of Franz Kafka’s novel in which the sense of claustrophobia is as much visual as it is literary.
At least 139 Tunisians have been placed under house arrest since, according to Human Rights Watch, which documented the cases in a report released in September.
It was at Harvard that Kobach became a protégé of Prof. Samuel Huntington, then the director of Harvard’s Center for International Affairs.
commissioners or one of their aides could attend the presentation.
In Southern California, another blaze in Orange County burned at least seven homes.
Her passing was gentle and peaceful, and she deserved no less.
Smith then forced a turnover and passed the puck to Miller, who wristed a shot past Reimer from the face-off circle at 4:11 for his 20th.
Cattle raising is a fundamental part of Texas history: before there were roughnecks, there were cowpokes; before the oil boom, there was the vast King Ranch.
“The Chrysler Building is at the other end of the street,” he told The New York Times in 2001, “and the patterning and decoration here is meant to have its own pizazz and reflect the energy of 42nd Street.” Mr. Hardy was the kind of architect who could use “pizazz” in a sentence without irony.
“Nothing that the government is doing is helping make Turkey more secure,” said Asli Aydintasbas, a prominent Turkish writer and a fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations.
In the past few months, however, that plan has appeared to unravel in a swirl of litigation, casting doubt on its viability.
A ribbon reads “Ne Cede Malis,” meaning, “Yield not to evil.” A laurel wreath encircling the design denotes honor and fame.
The price was not disclosed.
“The size of your dreams must always exceed your current capacity to achieve them,” the Liberian president, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, told a Harvard graduating class in 2011.
But in “City Lights,” Chaplin plays a touchingly sensitive tramp who gives all his money to a beautiful blind woman for surgery without expecting so much as a kiss on the hand in return.
Bloomberg has an explainer here .
He was known to the authorities, Mr. Molins said, but primarily as a criminal.
Mr. Zuckerman had been an accountant in New Jersey and moved his pregnant wife and young child in 1958 to the desert town of Tucson, where he became a real estate developer.
There is passionate disagreement about what its exact shape is.
Perhaps counter-intuitively, this means that the widespread discussion as to whether the Hurricane Harvey disaster was caused by climate change or not becomes a dangerous distraction.” Climate change affects hurricanes, writes Ilan Kelman, “but climate change does not affect people’s vulnerabilities to the hurricane.” The way the government anticipates and manages natural events like Harvey, he argues, is what truly matters.
But the House press gallery forbids photography; we would have to type out descriptions of any visuals we wanted to capture.
For devotees of Detroit’s distinctly syncopated, uniquely swaggering sound, Friday at Panorama will be an opportunity to see a handful of the scene’s most important artists do something rare in the United States: share a stage outdoors in the light of day instead of near dawn in a dark club.
This slows down the tardigrade’s metabolism, allowing it to remain in a suspended state until it is rehydrated.
When Marsh returned to England two weeks later, he told a colleague about it.
I really like my submitted clue for the latter too, which was basically the same as the published clue (“Iconic part of Nancy Sinatra’s early attire”), but I omitted one word: Nancy.
Far more common are what the Haggler would classify as Unwitting Incompetents.
There were 167 pictures, and they covered both sides of the pages, as if to save space.
So here’s a summary of Trump’s first nine holes at the White House, as played at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, NJ.
Because there were no apparent limits to what could be seized, the agents executing the warrants seemed to take just about everything they could get their hands on.
A standoff between mutineers and security forces took place Friday in Abidjan, the country’s commercial capital.
But this year, the race is shaping up to be perhaps the closest ever, possibly foreshadowing a similarly tight contest next year in the race to succeed President Enrique Peña Nieto, a member of Institutional Revolutionary Party.
Were there four Beatles or five?
Or maybe he is just worshiping at the altar of his own greatness.
Christie was “Trump before Trump,” Michael Steele, a former chairman of the Republican National Committee, told The Washington Post’s Robert Costa in an article published late Monday.
If the aggressive animal in Prospect Park did have rabies, it would have succumbed to the illness by now, according to the parks department.
You’d go to Robert Stigwood’s house and it was like a gay pub.” Jim Fouratt, who has worked in the music industry since the 1960s, believes the men in Mr. Napier-Bell’s circle brought to the emerging rock scene a special understanding of image.
In his letter of complaint to the federal prosecutor, Mr. Toensing, who was then vice chairman of the Vermont Republican Party, said he was requesting “an investigation into what appears to be federal loan fraud involving the sale of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Burlington headquarters.” “This apparent fraud resulted in as much as $2 million in losses to the Diocese and an unknown amount of loss to People’s United Bank, a federally financed financial institution,” the letter said.
But the demand for education is already high, evidenced by the mushrooming of low-cost private schools that now enroll 40 percent of students in the country and charge as little as $2 a month.
The $1.3 billion deal to take an 86 percent stake in Gland Pharma would have been the biggest ever Chinese acquisition in the country.
This produces acidic trebbiano grapes, which make a perfect wine for our distillation process.
If we’re willing to protect copyrights, shouldn’t we do as much to protect children sold for sex?
Ms. Sobchak herself told Mr. Putin about her decision to run for president when they met during the filming of a documentary about her father, Anatoly Sobchak .
The title story of “Nona’s Room” is slightly reminiscent of a couple of Matheson’s twisty, deranging first-person narratives, “Born of Man and Woman” and “Dress of White Silk,” and one of her tales (“Chatting to Old Ladies”) has a kind of monster in it, but Fernández Cubas is, I think, more an artist of the uncanny than of horror per se.
In the topsy-turvy world in which we’re living, there will be something fitting about this truth-challenged administration arguing to the Supreme Court that a law requiring the truth is unconstitutional.
Some parents are embarrassed to reveal their incomes or suspicious of authority and what will become of their private information.
Omaha Public Facilities Corporation, $95.8 million of taxable revenue bonds.
His future has been uncertain for weeks as he and Jackson have engaged in a protracted standoff, and the Knicks have reportedly shopped him around the league.
The 27 essays in “Woman Walk the Line” chronicle this kind of connection.
Restaurants, the company’s version of Seamless, already is.
However, people to talk with, people to hug, people to care about and that I hope care about me?
“What were we going to do?
The leisurely pace of spring training seemed to have given way to spring football, with rapid-fire repetitions, sprints to cover first base, bullet throws to the bags and attendant exhortations from coaches.
Three protesters were arrested on charges of disorderly conduct, according to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
Tenant: Apparel Partnership Group L.L.C.
Additionally, the president will have the power to censor newspapers and intercept electronic communication, a provision that his supporters have suggested could be used to crack down on critics on social media, one of the last arenas of relatively unrestricted speech in Egypt.
Mr. Choudhury and others like him could learn plenty from these girls.
“I suppose we’re a bit unusual to sell these cars, too.” Mr. Suzuki’s dealership, Glide, opened 24 years ago, when Detroit’s reputation for quality was at a low.
Amazon has long sold lucrative sponsored product listings and other ads tied to search terms on its site, like Google.
Just remember to defrost any frozen dough the night before so it is ready to go in the morning.
“Every single Wednesday, the Woods is packed, and it’s absolutely remarkable,” Ms. Light said.
“I think generally he’s doing well,” Mr. Sheffield said.
Among his top staff members, men outnumber women two to one.
An outpouring of other cases followed, and Uber retained at least two law firms — including Covington & Burling — to look into the matters.
I always saw underappreciated women programmers as a recruiting opportunity — you don’t want them, then I’ll take them.
When lines do appear, they are thick and textured, like those of a sumi-e painting from Asia.
That was the case for a woman from a rural village called Yarnee.
The bride stood in the lobby of the pizza parlor, waiting for the rest of her guests to arrive and clutching a white ring pillow.
The most vital and trusted news source for a large percentage of “consistent conservatives,” according to Pew , Fox focused as much on Mr. Comey’s potential motives and actions as it did on the substance of his central charge: that the president of the United States sought to derail an F.B.I.
John Thorn, the official historian of Major League Baseball, who wrote a book examining the origins of the game, traced it back to the late 18th century in the Berkshires .
In May, Mr. Zinke made clear his plan to reverse the Obama administration’s decision to protect environmentally delicate areas of the National Petroleum Reserve.
“It was a way for me to react to the world and be myself in a strange world.” Mr. Oldenburg’s latest exhibition, “Shelf Life,” is on view until Nov. 11 at Pace Gallery’s 24th Street branch in Chelsea.
One couplet: “No, I won’t sit on your lap / I shouldn’t have to say this crap.” Kate McKinnon, a “Saturday Night Live” master impersonator, showed off her affectionate Gal Gadot impression.
In my meetings with senators this summer, I was heartened to see unified bipartisan commitment to NATO.
And party leaders are free to cut clandestine deals with one another in gentlemen’s agreements that disempower the public.
Except for children with severe autism, most kids grow out of habits like head-shaking, arm-flapping and grimacing as they become better able to understand and manage their feelings.
The consumer agency charged Navient with steering borrowers into forbearance when they may have had other, better options, including income-driven repayment plans.
Does she think the nation’s two sides can be brought together?
According to the complaint against Mr. Pamio, Audi resorted to cheating after it became clear that cars with 3-liter motors needed a larger tank to hold a chemical solution known as AdBlue that was used to scrub harmful nitrogen oxides from the exhaust.
The other is that they’re doing this because the musicians are, too.
You can’t help but be political.
Some argue that the U.S. has a moral responsibility to pay.
Call it the understudy beacon of tolerance, now with a chance to shine because the lead actor is sidelined with a flareup of an old condition, xenophobic fever.
At Axe Capital, the swift change in management requires Wags, Taylor and company to make the adjustments necessary both to eradicate any evidence of shadiness and to stay viable while their leader is in legal jeopardy.
All told, our route would span 17 states and 6,150 miles.
In Philadelphia, forecasters are planning for 12 inches of snow beginning Monday night, with a potential for up to 21 inches.
Still, each strategy has its limits.
Here’s a quick look at what each team did in N.F.L.
Article Study : Have students read Nitsuh Abebe’s commentary .
The friction began a few days before the event, when the Hot 97 morning show host Ebro Darden took a swipe at Offset, of the chart-topping Atlanta rap group Migos.
By running within the Republican Party , Mr. Trump last year managed what they never did, while making clear that he was not really a party man.
Wisconsin, $271 million of environmental improvement fund bonds.
Autonomous vehicles are expected to transform the auto industry within the next decade.
Surrounded by a calf-height frame of dim neon light, Ms. Taylor and Ms. Körbes dance in loose trousers, with flowing hair and (why?)
The group also includes three committee chairmen: Mr. Hatch; Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, chairman of the Senate health committee; and Senator Michael B. Enzi of Wyoming, the head of the Budget Committee.
For the next year and five months, she and her son were detained, mostly at the Berks County Residential Center in Leesport, Pa., while lawyers tried to appeal her case.
On Thursday, Mr. Trump invited religious leaders to a Rose Garden ceremony to watch him sign a new executive order that is intended to ease the legal burdens on churches that bar them from engaging in political activity if they want to remain tax-exempt.
Later in the video, when I receive all the presents promised for making progress, I still see that fear amid the bribery-induced joy.
Mr. Trump refuses to sell his assets or put them into a blind trust, but he has said that he has ceded operation of his businesses to his adult sons, Donald Jr. and Eric.
She and two other researchers traced 12 African countries’ production centers from past to present.
In July, the huge, government-owned power authority defaulted on a deal to restructure $9 billion in debt, effectively declaring bankruptcy .
Now, he’s aged into a man with time to think about what the money means, what else it can do.
Voter: Robin Mueller, 42 as of December.
The sorbet appeared in Aldi’s freezers in December 2012 as part of a limited Christmas promotion.
Across the New York region, and indeed the country, young people are turning their attention to politics, motivated in part by the election of President Trump.
It wasn’t until later that I thought, “Wow.” Why did you cast your real-life wife to play your character’s cruelly dismissive other half?
Some hearing aids and apps designed for the “Made for iPhone” program also work with Android-based devices made by Google , HTC and Samsung .
She plays Beethoven’s puckish Piano Concerto No.
Generations of the Messel family stocked the garden with exotic plants from around the world.
Moreover, the probability of dementia increased 7.7 percent faster in those with persistent pain compared with those without.
What he cares about is how he’s perceived, not the nuts and bolts of things.
The new round of negotiations, motivated by the surprise entry of the Kochs, could lead to a quick deal, according to people involved in the discussions.
“A project like this has been discussed for 20-plus years but was formidable from a cost and weather standpoint,” said Tim Woolston, a Quintillion spokesman.
Under Sara Lee, Coach opened stores around the world and expanded into a broader range of accessories, including perfume, sunglasses and jewelry.
The limited fidelity of this transfer does slim justice to the sound, but even here you can appreciate the beauty of Mr. Dohnanyi’s pacing as he lingers affectionately at the end of the first trio section to greet the return of the sprightly scherzo, where the momentum again threatens to break its bounds.
Minority governments, or those with small majorities, tend to struggle, and some people fear a return to the situation in the 1970s, when a Labour government needed every vote to pass legislation , sick legislators were brought to Parliament to vote (sometimes hours after surgery), and a lawmaker responsible for party discipline was routinely dispatched at voting time to search out legislators in the lavatories — peering over the top of doors when necessary.
“The only one who could command the Davao Death Squad was Mayor Duterte,” he told The Times.
Uber has a new human resources executive and is doing an internal investigation.
She also invited a coalition of unions and community groups, Fed Up, to meet with her in the Fed’s grand boardroom on the National Mall in Washington.
Please note: All student comments have been lightly edited for length, but otherwise appear just as they were originally submitted.
“Time to try something new,” he said wistfully during an interview Wednesday, just before airtime.
If so, what did you see, and where?
That might have been a consequence of uncertainties in the positions of the background stars.
A criminal complaint said he had translated Islamic State propaganda into English and criticized Al Qaeda as being “too moderate.” Mr. Saleh, Mr. Mumuni and others helped plan a New Jersey man’s trip to ISIS-controlled territory, the statement said.
The briefers included James R. Clapper Jr., the director of national intelligence, who said on Thursday that he was “more resolute” than ever in the conclusion that Russia was responsible for the hacking, and that it was part of a broader information warfare campaign.
She preferred a condominium building.
Buyers come to Pedasí, in particular, looking for vacation or retirement homes.
He is a son of Diane J. Morton and Christopher A. Morton of Brisbane, Australia.
The Dakota Access pipeline in North Dakota became the focus of protests when the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe objected to its construction less than a mile from its reservation.
Mr. Tauberer’s tool, GovTrack.us, lets you share your location, select an issue and view the bills that have been introduced.
“They combine warm and cold blooded animals in one,” said Elena Gracheva , a neurophysiologist at Yale University.
After agents arrested him in December 2015, he continued to talk, making “additional one-off statements,” according to a prosecution filing, even as agents and prosecutors recorded his every word.
“He is very methodical,” said Jonathan Thompson, the executive director of the National Sheriffs’ Association, who called Sheriff Lombardo “a lawman’s lawman.” “He is exhibiting years of training to make certain the chain of custody on the evidence is protected, but more important, the rights and safety of his community are protected, too.” Longtime colleagues say he is a smart tactician with a down-to-earth manner who does not like to speak in public.
“Doctors are poor here by comparison.” Nowhere is the velvet rope in health care rising faster than here in Northern California, where newfound tech wealth, abundant medical talent and a plethora of health-conscious patients have created a medical system that has more in common with a luxury hotel than with the local clinic.
This is the first ground-up commission in New York for OMA, which was founded by Rem Koolhaas, the Pritzker Prize-winning Dutch architect.
China sent its sole aircraft carrier into the Taiwan Strait today , a provocative move that follows a phone call last month between Taiwan’s president and Mr. Trump.
[ CBS ] • Today’s Metropolitan Diary: “ A Soldier at the Ballgame ” • Scoreboard: Athletics outperform Yankees , 8-7.
The Rhodes Must Fall movement turned into Fees Must Fall, which besieged Parliament and brought a welcome reduction in tuition.
Tensions between Serbia and Kosovo have soared since the detention in France this month of Ramush Haradinaj, a former Kosovo prime minister, on an arrest warrant from Serbia.
He’ll reimagine the theater as a classic pie-and-mash shop, with dinner served before the performance.
Business groups have already been scrambling around Washington fighting for their prized deductions and trying to “educate” lawmakers about how best to reshape the tax system.
And she said, maybe it’s time they heard it from someone they love.
So did Texas, which produces the most wind power in absolute terms.
A spokesman for Germany’s chancellor, Angela Merkel, said on Monday that “this tragic case of Liu Xiaobo is a great concern of the chancellor” and that “she would like a signal of humanity for Liu Xiabao and his family.” The Nobel Peace Prize is awarded in Oslo, and after Mr. Liu was announced as the recipient, the Chinese government vented its anger on the Norwegian government, curtailing diplomatic and economic cooperation.
Were Clinton’s and Trump’s two different kinds of rudeness?
There are dozens of details to remember, deadlines to meet, forms to complete and fees to pay.
— James Prelack , Hillsboro, Ore.
The neighborhood supply chain significantly reduces shipping costs and turnaround times, while an American presence avoids the effect of currency fluctuations on profits.
To get rid of the algae, which slowed them down in the water, the snakes shed their skin more often, protecting them from levels of metals that are toxic in other animals.
But usually, he said, in a more active season more storms form farther south, in the tropical Atlantic.
In July 2010, President Barack Obama ordered the aircraft carrier George Washington to the Sea of Japan to intimidate the North after it had torpedoed a South Korean Navy corvette, killing 46 sailors.
If your neighborhood fast food place employs 10 people during the lunch rush, with each making $10 an hour, what will happen if your state raises its minimum wage to $15?
Apple said it would release its own charging mat next year; for now, you can use one of the many third-party mats that run the Qi wireless standard.
A coalition of right-wing parties could surpass the governing Democratic Party.
Ms. Torres, who dropped out of high school at 17 as a single mother of two children, had also earned her high school equivalency diploma by the time she was paroled in November 1995.
That’s how you write 85 novels, most of them thick bricks, densely researched with detailed information on everything.
There is a chance that Derek Carr could regain some of his mojo from last season, which would put a ton of pressure on New England’s secondary, but the Raiders (4-5) just don’t seem to have the right pieces to succeed.
“To my knowledge today, neither Mr. Alefantis, nor his restaurant Comet Ping Pong, were involved in any human trafficking, as was part of the theories about Pizzagate that were being written about in many media outlets and which we commented upon,” Mr. Jones said.
Carter Ham, a retired general who formerly headed the Africa Command, called the decision to put Chad on the list “puzzling.” The president’s proclamation said Chad “does not adequately share public safety and terrorism-related information and fails to satisfy at least one key risk criterion.” Administration officials declined to provide details, but the White House and the Homeland Security Department defended the move.
While Mañalac’s name and logo were painted on the truck, his face was not.
The mission originally occupied three floors of Building 264 on the JPL campus, home to many of the lab’s highest-profile projects.
Without a complete kitchen, “there’s nothing wrong with it.” But according to the city buildings department, the fourth floor attic of a three-family home must remain unoccupied, even without a stove.
But we must remember that the simple fact of a conviction does not mean much.
She signed me up for all my classes and supports me in everything.” Photographed in Linden Park in Brooklyn, where she lives.
But the trivialization of anti-Muslim crime and the outright demonization of Muslims, so common on Quebec City’s airwaves, contribute to a poisonous political climate for Muslims across the province.
Alongside teams representing France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan and Britain, the Gnarcats traveled to Italy under the aegis of the shoe designer Christian Louboutin to showcase his latest sneaker, the Aurelien.
It was the technology that Mr. Garros helped envision that led to his demise: By the time he returned to the air, a Dutch engineer named Anthony Fokker had developed propeller-synchronized machine guns that stopped bullets from hitting the propeller blades altogether.
We begin in the first second before a behavior is produced, our guide taking us confidently into the amygdala, the dopaminergic system and the frontal cortex.
“We provided the Judiciary Committee with all relevant documents that had to do with Mr. Kushner’s calls, contacts or meetings with Russians during the campaign and transition, which was the request,” Mr. Lowell said.
• Lapdesks, headphones and more: Our latest newsletter focuses on inexpensive ways to improve your home office .
In the information age, the highly ambitious are masters of acquaintanceship — making a zillion useful contacts, understanding the strength of weak ties and bailing on a networking prospect with a killer-eyed coldness when a better offer comes along.
The newspapers were read as a narrative meant to glorify the state and not as a reflection of reality.
This is a grim farce.
When workers went to resume giving out aid, they were targeted.
Relying on young players has been part of Ray Shero’s plan since he arrived as general manager in May 2015.
That criticism, he said, often came from opponents of Francis “who are trying to downplay the role of this pontificate.” Father Spadaro would not say whether he had received Francis’ approval, or whether he had spoken with the pope since the essay’s publication.
Interest payments on the federal debt last year equaled 1.4 percent of the nation’s annual economic output, according to the Congressional Budget Office.
A year later, he had a stroke that greatly affected his brain.
The New York Fed was accused by lawmakers and other critics of being too close to the banks it supervised and being unwilling to demand information from the firms.
It offered creative ideas for much better gifts than another tie or scarf — instead, how about deworming a child?
But Ludovic Tézier, his sound stalwart and stylish and his face oddly pale, captured the strange ambiguity of Rodrigue, who vacillates between loyalty to Carlos and Philippe.
One thing I’ve done over the last week to help boost my own spirits is to focus more of my digital attention on uplifting apps, sites and tech tools, and there are certainly a lot of them out there.
All the technical stuff about clouds and other intricacies, like how the foreshore’s albedo, a measure of reflected solar radiation, influences the wind direction in the afternoons, had gone.
“And together with our Afghan partners, we’ve put the Taliban on the defensive.
Jerry Brown : “He got me so cranked up that I was about to take my tie off.” [ The Associated Press ] • As rivals stand silent, one California insurer is protesting the Republican health care proposal .
It was a rare loss for the S.E.C.’s enforcement division in a case pursued through an internal administrative proceeding.
The show unlaces its own progress so quickly and so casually that developing a meaningful attachment to any of the characters can be difficult.
This collective memory explains why the noose has become a symbol of white supremacy and racial intimidation.
And a book always holds the reminder of the organic world, the trees that went to make it — and the word “spine” was originally used for the spine of the book because of the spine of the creatures whose skins were once used to bind books, the place where the skin folded over the creature’s own spine.
Groups like the Clean Air Task Force favor it strongly .
In this arena, at least, McGregor outdid his opponent, wearing a suit that spelled out an expletive in pinstripes, and telling Mayweather to “Dance for me, boy.” Mayweather is black, while McGregor has the type of white Irish skin that the comedian George Carlin once called “phosphorescent.” But now it was time to bite down on a mouth guard and keep lips closed.
If photographs appear out of order, please download the updated New York Times app from iTunes or Google Play .
If nothing else, “Professor Marston” is another reminder that once upon a time people had sexual appetites and relationships as complex as those of today (or of 18th-century France), something else the movies don’t always like to admit.
Suzuki, for his part, has given no indication he is about to retire.
On the one hand, each member is trying to come to grips with being “blessed” with extrasensory powers (the ability to see the future; telekinesis; pyrokinesis and the unfailing facility to tell if someone is lying).
Handing down the Mladic sentence is the end piece, the culmination of 5,000 witnesses giving gruesome accounts of what happened in those dark days.
By introducing his sliced white bread to Mexican consumers in 1945, Lorenzo Servitje fulfilled a vision that transformed the company he helped found into the biggest bakery in the world.
It’s as if that casual elitist cruelty is spurring Buñuel on.
Bruce Arena’s second stint as coach of the United States national team began with the same result as his first: a 0-0 exhibition draw.
“Hit the store, I can get ’em both, I don’t wanna choose.” Ms. Almanzar has made Loubouphilia a hallmark of her image.
Victoria’s Secret, despite a significant drop in stock price this year, still has its grip on 61.8 percent of the lingerie market in the United States.
“The numbers were just too far apart,” Hal Steinbrenner, the Yankees’ owner, said when asked Wednesday why the two sides could not resolve their differences.
He hasn’t gone away — in fact, he has lived in Trump Tower .
It was actually “Moonlight” that won best picture, not “La La Land.” “He took the card out, and he didn’t say anything,” Ms. Dunaway said, referring to Mr. Beatty, who had been given an incorrect card that said Emma Stone’s name.
But neither has seemed as relentless as the racism I witnessed growing up — a steady drumbeat of slights, thinly-veiled hostility and condescension perpetrated by even the most liberal and well-meaning people.
Even if those targets are relaxed, the automakers will still need to comply with emissions rules set by California and several other states with tougher standards than the E.P.A.’s.
So they may want to adapt by moving the marathon to later in the year.
The worst part wasn’t the touching but the way he’d leer at me afterward.
Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, $530 million of water system revenue bonds.
The airport’s executive director, Gabe Monzo, who first met Palmer while busing tables at the country club as a teenager, said he had relished the enthusiasm Palmer brought to meetings.
Here’s how to do it .
“It’s very easy when we go through difficult times to point the finger at someone else,” Coyle said.
If photographs appear out of order, please download the updated New York Times app from iTunes or Google Play .
By Tuesday more than 2,000 people had committed to attend — including buses full of activists from Memphis and Knoxville.
Myriad essays that decried wolves in pink pussy hats and “woke misogynists” followed.
“It’s the Americans who owe the Cambodians money.”
But worrying too much about what may evolve over the course of the day, or even about other children getting sick, should not get in the way of assessing how your own child is looking right now, in the morning.
Critics of the agency have seized on the most recent cases to amplify calls for the White House to recruit a leader from outside the Secret Service, which would be unprecedented in the famously hidebound agency’s modern history.
Napoleon had other talents, President Trump explains.
They thought it was a joke and laughed it off.
In October, the Colorado company said it was changing its name, making an investment in a Canadian virtual currency exchange and creating operations to mine Bitcoin and other virtual currencies.
“I think that is possibly the biggest — I don’t know if it’s the legacy or the biggest lesson — of 2015 and the protests in the plaza.
After an Uzbek immigrant was arrested on suspicion of plowing a truck into a bicycle path in Lower Manhattan in October, killing eight people, the president seized on the episode.
Part of the joy of “The Farthest: Voyager in Space,” a documentary to air on PBS on Wednesday, is reliving those moments of bafflement and intellectual ambition.
Fewer than 1 percent of people in the United States have a wheat allergy , and fewer than 1 percent have celiac disease , an autoimmune disorder that requires sufferers to abstain from gluten.
“Oh, please, I’m sorry, just come on in,” Mr. Weinstein said as he tried to usher her into his hotel room, his tone alternating between threatening and cajoling, according to the recording.
A tincture of Wenner’s gayish sensibility was always on display in the magazine if you looked for it.
The timekeeping mechanism looks as if it is floating inside the crystal, but actually is secured to the back of the clock, where Mr. Newson’s signature appears in his trademark orange.
The woman reported the assault to the Louisville Metro Police Department within months of the episode, but no charges were filed.
Lawmakers hope it will become law before the August recess.
“After looking at it, I was dead wrong,” he said.
“It’s a travesty,” Mr. Washmon said.
In the middle, a set of squares filled with praline chess pieces.
Rescinding DACA either caters to a base that wants the United States to be unthinkably cruel to immigrants, or fulfills officials’ desire to force immigrants into hopeless, difficult situations.” Arguments that hold that DACA should have gone through Congress would be “slightly more credible if it came from an administration that had not embraced expansive views of presidential authority,” writes Ms. Litman.
At the end of this post we feature our Civil Conversation Challenge lessons, a special student forum and contest held this school year to encourage respectful discourse about some of the biggest issues dividing Americans today, including immigration, guns, climate control, and race, gender and identity.
Guests from the Northeast are also more than twice as likely to spend more generously on a wedding gift for a member of their family or a good friend, the survey found.
An official was called in to discuss an attack that apparently never happened.
Ms. Kusama picked up a small brush from a dish of black acrylic paint, and carried on painting columns of catlike eyes that she had started that morning.
We can provide aid to the newly unemployed.
Through her career, Murray borrowed from all these tendencies, but pursued a style of one, repeatedly taking painting apart and rebuilding it different ways.
Her final days were spent venting at Islam, and in death her name has become — fairly or not — consistently associated with Islamophobia.
China Central Television declared, “The Indian Navy wants to use these drones to put the whole Indian Ocean under its surveillance.” Mr. Modi and Mr. Trump have much in common, including a history of anti-Muslim rhetoric, a nationalist focus on homegrown manufacturing, a fraught relationship with the news media, and electoral campaigns that benefited from the proliferation of fake news.
And the iPhone app Read Across the Aisle gamifies political outreach — as you read articles from The Huffington Post or The Federalist through the app, you’ll see a meter turn red or blue based on the particular site’s ideological bent.
You might use their responses as models for your own.
Marc Gasol was fined $15,000 by the N.B.A.
The last time it tested midrange Scud-ERs , in March, it launched four of them simultaneously.
deserves credit for fine performance, it wouldn’t surprise us to see a muted response from G.M.
I was encouraged to throw my hat in the ring at some more selective universities.
(Each is less than $10.)
“It’s a transitional, fragmented episode built around narrative red herrings,” Mike Hale wrote in The New York Times.
I am planning trips to Europe or Caribbean.
‘What have you done for me lately?’ I figure, what are you going to do?
Mr. Mnuchin declared himself “humbled to see the talent in this room.” Mr. Carson said that even though he’d heard government employees “didn’t work very hard,” he’d discovered that they are “extremely dedicated.” Dr. Shulkin said the finalists “inspire us to be proud to feel a part of the work force, and they make others want to join us.” Many of its best minds say federal government work, for all its aggravations, can bring vast material and intellectual resources to bear on problems and discoveries that contribute to our national progress and uphold our democracy.
He was among the worst of them before rehab, and I wouldn’t hope for much better after.
“We got rid of bullies,” he said.
In a note referring to a standard legal threshold, Mr. McCartney’s lawsuit includes a major understatement.
On Saturday morning, the academy’s 54-member board will meet at the group’s mirrored-glass offices here to discuss what to do about Mr. Weinstein in the wake of investigations by The New York Times and The New Yorker that revealed sexual harassment and rape allegations against him going back decades.
The leaning, spotted rectangles in “Dinner at Smith Square” (1975-79) suggest, just barely, two people conversing over a table.
But I’m not sorry about this list of the movies — a top 10 and a second 11 — that made me feel other, better ways.
Neighbors possibly felt the same way in Argentina when the kindly old chap who lived downstairs was arrested as a war criminal.
During Australian parliamentary Question Time on Monday, Christopher Pyne, a Liberal member, named four Labor Party lawmakers who he said had “much worse cases” of citizenship uncertainty.
In 2009, Gillespie created Ed Gillespie Strategies to become what’s known in the trade as a shadow lobbyist — someone who is a strategist, a tactician and an influence peddler who capitalizes on lacunae in the law to avoid registering as a lobbyist while providing guidance to corporations and trade associations.
Criticism came from ideological opposites like Sadiq Khan, the mayor of London and a Muslim with whom Mr. Trump has repeatedly feuded on Twitter, and Nigel Farage, the euroskeptic provocateur who traveled across the Atlantic to campaign for Mr. Trump last year.
It’s an outlier in another way, too: Research by the political scientist Jowei Chen suggests that the Wisconsin district map does much worse on traditional districting criteria than neutral maps do, despite the Wisconsin Constitution’s requirement that districts be “in as compact form as practicable.” Outlier detection is a critical part of data analysis, and mathematicians have gotten really good at it by now.
Thousands of residents fled the winds and rain and hunkered down in stronger buildings.
So he has typically worked about 25 hours a week, first as a cashier at Nathan’s but more recently as a nursing assistant at Huntington Hospital, to pay for school.
Mr. Kim’s refusal to listen to China shows how far apart China and the North have become, said Chen Jian, emeritus professor of history at Cornell University.
Segers loved mountains: It probably helped that he never actually saw one.
But Ms. Mastropietro knew what awaited her: budget cuts, layoffs and the anguish of dashed hopes.
A popular restaurant nearby that used to turn away black patrons had begrudgingly begun to seat them.
She graduated magna cum laude from Lehigh and received a law degree from the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law.
Ng Chung led me down a back staircase, to a bar where they knew him as well as they used to know us at the Globe.
“I seek out special people,” Gaines tells her, “people who, if given the chance and the necessary tools, would stand up and face the enemy on behalf of those who can’t … who would do this even if they knew for certain that it would cost them dearly, maybe even cost them their lives.” Sarat rises to the bait; when Northern militiamen massacre the residents of Camp Patience, killing Sarat’s mother and gravely wounding her brother, her fate is sealed.
There was no question, Judge Caproni wrote, that Mr. Silver “took a number of official acts — most obviously passing legislation and approving state grants and tax-exempt financing — as part of a quid pro quo” in the two schemes.
An early warning could give advanced warning to people living several miles from the epicenter of an earthquake along the San Andreas fault line.
[ New York Times ] • Lunch at public schools in the city will be available free of charge to all 1.1 million students beginning this year.
Each troupe appears three times a day; if you’re up for a marathon, it’s possible to catch them all.
“Most of the time, we get it right.” Marcus Rothoff also hopes to assuage concerns.
But some of them were waking up early late last month, the result of unseasonably warm weather, say reports from the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation.
His comments could imperil efforts to reinstate the order, which was blocked by courts, and they reflect his growing frustration with Attorney General Jeff Sessions .
As Leslie notes, Weisberg seems to have it out for her, just as the former district attorney did.
“I can’t explain that,” Benintendi said.
I did not know when I would have the opportunity to use this word, but the Book Review has given me an opening with Woody Allen’s review of “Mary Astor’s Purple Diary.” Repellent in the extreme.
“We have had special operations since July and August,” said Dario Flota Ocampo, the general director of the Cozumel and Riviera Maya Tourism Board.
White supremacists reinstated themselves in American life, expanding from the South to the Midwest and then on to the West; by 1925 the Klan had as many as four million members, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center, and, in some states, “considerable political power.” In “The History of White People,” Nell Irvin Painter notes that “in Tulsa, Oklahoma, in 1921 police and sheriff’s deputies joined Klansmen in a pogrom against African-Americans, destroying homes, businesses and lives in an attack hardly mourned as an assault on Americans.” What was once known as “Black Wall Street” was erased from the landscape after bombings from the air and people being machine-gunned down in the streets.
“I was happy that the tournament did stand for equality and low tolerance of inequality.
The bride’s father is a lawyer in New York.
As soon as he is done with Miss Knife’s current gig, Mr. Py will go back to his management role and continue assembling the festival’s 2018 edition, which may or may not remedy a glaring absence: Avignon regularly welcomes theater makers from Europe, Africa and Asia, but not Americans (dance fares better, with choreographers like Trajall Harrell making the trip to Provence).
A millisecond can be the difference between a big profit and a big loss.
He had surgery for his nose, a deep laceration and small fractures in his eye socket, the team said.
A few potential benefits of cold-water therapy: weight loss stimulation, increased circulation and stress reduction.
“The ability of the commission to perform its role has deteriorated significantly,” said Ms. Ravel, who has sparred bitterly with the Republican election commissioners during her three years on the panel.
“I was stunned to see this, that despite all the talk about how polypharmacy is bad for older people, this rate has doubled,” said Dr. Dilip Jeste, a professor of psychiatry and neurosciences at the University of California, San Diego, who was not involved in the new work.
4:00 p.m., Saturday Sept. 16: Adwoa Aboah backstage at Old Sessions House, London.
Not long after, however, he opened up to Mr. Downer, the Australian diplomat, about his contacts with the Russians.
The 8,000 Foreign Service officers are not sure how to defend American values under a president who has entertained the idea of torture, shown contempt for the Constitution, and never met an autocrat who failed to elicit his sympathy.
Mr. Nicklen, 49, wanted to show people what a starving polar bear really looked like — he wanted to make a scientific data point something real.
The number of workers driving city-owned vehicles who were hurt in crashes last year also increased, to 727 injuries, from 510 the year before, according to the mayor’s report.
Trisha Brown, the choreographer and exemplar of the founding generation of American postmodern dance, died on Saturday in San Antonio.
And depending on future tax law, Mr. Choi said that retirees with Roth accounts could get by with smaller contributions than those with 401(k)’s because they won’t have to pay as much tax on the savings they withdraw.
The Supreme Court let unlimited money into politics.
“I’m from Mexico,” he said the day before his attempt.
And they continue through the smartly nostalgic dessert menu.
“Oh, I’ll put up my hand for that.” “The Handmaid’s Tale” has been a film, a play, an opera, a ballet, and — soon — a graphic novel .
“I feel a lot stronger having made the book,” she said.
The claim by Mr. Ryan and Mr. Goodlatte (who, hilariously, leads the House Judiciary Committee) that gutting the office would improve “due process” for accused lawmakers is a marvel of Orwellian newspeak.
He is survived by his wife; his mother, Josephine Casby; two half-brothers, Jermaine and Charles Jackson; a half-sister, Shermaine Jackson; four stepchildren; and 12 grandchildren and stepgrandchildren.
So I did five- to six-minute pieces.
“If any of the protections to the Pacific marine monuments are lifted, we will be filing lawsuits, and we expect to win,” Mr. Achitoff said.
“The idea is that in the real world, if a voice and a mouth movement are so time-locked, they would almost have to be from the same talker,” Dr. Magnotti said.
Here is Mr. Farhadi’s statement: I regret to announce via this statement that I have decided to not attend the Academy Awards Ceremony alongside my fellow members of the cinematic community.
Andreas Harsono, a researcher for Human Rights Watch, said the case’s outcome may well have hinged on a corruption scandal.
It dislodged a blood clot in her leg, which swiftly traveled to her brain.
Master Blenders 1753 with the coffee business of Mondelez to create a company now known as Jacobs Douwe Egbert.
In early 1968, as Kraslow and Loory wrapped up their interviews and began writing, the administration made one last thrust to steal their thunder: Bundy fed inside dope to enliven a Life magazine cover story (“Behind the Peace Feelers”), trotting out a ringer — a Hungarian diplomat who had defected the previous May but remained reclusive ever since — to back the argument that East European Vietnam diplomacy was fraudulent.
This is impossible to find in the data.
In a legal filing this month, his lawyer called the effort an “unjustified fishing expedition.” Mr. Kalven said in an interview that he is willing to testify — but not about his sources of information.
I’m sorry — for future viewers, foxes and hens were two animals that lived on earth before climate change rendered them extinct.” — SAMANTHA BEE Ms. Bee also kept up a line of attack against accused sexual harassers and abusers.
“I was on the job two weeks and had to present the concept for the paper to Walt Disney,” he recalled in a podcast for the Disney Avenue website.
If word of mouth is anything to go on, the serum, which helps restore the skin’s texture and radiance, brings about more of the glow.
What you take away is the impression of tough political thinking taking place within an always delicate social ecosystem, and one that has never been more vulnerable than now.
You have a lot of people that have lived here for 50, 60 years.
And the colored, thin geometric lines along the costumes stay in memory.
• In the last week before Christmas, cruise some neighborhoods known for their outlandishly bright display of lights.
They are the tree’s interpreters.
The big difference is that most of the people on the highest rung in America are in denial about their privilege.
Black holes were an entirely unwelcome consequence of his theory of general relativity that ascribes gravity to the warping of space-time geometry by matter and energy.
I met the priest, or rather the man hoping to become one, in a stationery shop in SoHo where I worked.
“I got carried away,” she told Ms. Oh.
His ability to build depth is as good as we’ve ever seen in baseball, and it’s not because of money.
Rick Scott declared an opioid public health emergency in May, freeing up $27 million in federal money for prevention, treatment and recovery.
Just four days later, Mr. Xu set up Zhulegeqiu, which in Chinese is a pun that roughly means “Rent a Ball.” It lets users rent basketballs from custom-designed automated lockers at basketball courts around the country.
This fellow may rationalize his repeated calling by telling himself that you’re not getting his messages.
and create mistrust of the public health system.
“I don’t know what purpose it serves to hide the number, but this is the most surveilled society anywhere,” he said.
“The reality is that everything that I did was ethical, above board, legal and transparent,” he said.
The European Parliament is now demanding that more than €1 million be returned from six people, including Ms.
And Stanley Elkin’s “ The Dick Gibson Show ,” about a talk-radio host, is a landslide of gags, wordplay and imagination.
Adjacent to the entrance of Gustav’s apartment, for example, is what appears to be a shower door to the only “bathroom” in the 2,000-square-foot apartment.
The New York Times reported on that in 2014 , detailing the alliance between Mr. Pruitt and the oil and gas industry while he served as Oklahoma’s attorney general.
He told the Russians that his poll numbers remained strong and that Americans wanted the government to have a healthy relationship with Russia.
That just means that it’s not being enforced.
On the positive side, electrical power is back in most places, while the Overseas Highway and its 42 bridges are open all the way to Key West, the island chain’s crown jewel and the primary draw for most of the people who visit the Keys — 3.8 million last year.
When Ta-Nehisi Coates’ s first book, “The Beautiful Struggle,” was published in 2008, it landed with barely a ripple.
An ice hockey player had come down with a staph infection, and Colgate, fearing the severe and sometimes fatal form of it known as MRSA, was not going to take any chances.
Researchers also used the imaging technology to reveal four additional lines of text on the front side of the pottery, which spoke of an exchange of silver and oil between the two.
When the British designer Paul Smith opened a West Hollywood store in 2005, he had the concrete exterior painted a vivid pink.
The group was held at gunpoint, and their families were told to pay $2,000 to free them.
A sentence with an extra comma is a boulder in your swimming pool.
“It’s a really important piece of work,” said David M. Miller, a cell biologist at Vanderbilt University, who was not involved in the study.
On Thursday, Mr. Trump will be escorted to Washington on a military jet, according to a person briefed on the plans.
The first house they saw, on a leafy residential block, was about a mile from the train station — walkable if need be.
“The top priority is to secure abilities to counter the North Korean nuclear and missile threats,” Mr.
‘If Trump wins, I will eat my sock.’ ‘I will eat my shoe.’ ‘I will eat my shoe, and then I will walk barefoot to Mexico to emigrate and leave the country.’ “Somehow, I think Silicon Valley got even more spun up than Manhattan.
In one of those nifty and incredibly revealing confluences of news developments, the story about Trump’s dangerously loose lips with the Russians came out on the same day that the hosts of “Morning Joe” spoke of Kellyanne Conway’s privately admitted disgust for Trump, at least back during the campaign.
Victor Fleming : I first met Bill Clinton in 1984.
The report’s authors examined dozens of Department of Homeland Security documents and raised questions about the accuracy of facial recognition scans.
I say, “Good morning,” to people instead of “What’s up?” I never use slang.
But without experiencing that data-wrangling work, she added, “you don’t understand what is impeding progress in A.I.
A high-speed rail station planned for Hong Kong is a half-finished shell — years after every other major city in China has been linked by bullet trains.
“On the one hand, I’m searching for subjects that are emblematic or symbolic, but when I arrive in those situations, I don’t know what will be revealed through the photographs,” he said.
If such a thing existed, they wanted nothing of it: According to the Twitter crowd, the human equivalent of the predominant German culture is a xenophobic, homophobic, ignorant hick who eats nothing but eggs and potatoes and spinach, even abroad, proudly displaying his “Piefigkeit,” his petty-bourgeois small-mindedness, to the embarrassed global community.
By the time the story gets going, Philip is nearing 25 and in mourning after learning that Ambrose has died abroad.
Он назвал меня «великим другом Украины» и предоставил мне и другим грузинским реформаторам украинское гражданство.
The family is most identified with Southampton, where it once owned huge swaths of land.
Accusing Iran of meddling in Arab countries, he said its “hands” in the region “will be cut off,” apparently intended as a threat against Hezbollah, the Lebanese militant group that also has ministers in Lebanon’s government.
Some pitchers take weeks, or even years, to master a new grip.
Enter the mind of a murderer with these psychological tales of evil geniuses.
It requires him to constantly balance his appreciation of the risk-and-reward decisions inherent in racing, developed over a lifetime watching his sons, with his concerns as their father.
There has been a severe emotional repression of any inner feelings of guilt or sorrow in modern Russia.
And in the meantime, the group is patrolling other waters.
She expanded her business, published a cookbook, spoke at conferences and appeared in Vogue.
The first temptation will be to do the easy stuff, which is cutting the taxes, while skipping the hard stuff — closing loopholes and finding substitute revenue sources.
Ninety-five percent of those deaths have occurred on the so-called central route between Libya and Italy, a passage used chiefly by sub-Saharan Africans that the International Organization for Migration calls “the deadliest route migrants ply anywhere on Earth.” Yet more people keep trying .
Most significantly, the judges also included two officials from the military intelligence and Inter-Services Intelligence in the probe team investigating the wealth of the Sharifs.
Wearing a gray suit, blue tie and starched white shirt in 83-degree heat, Mr. Bush marched through the tents shaking hands and stopped before the press pool to give a brief speech, with his wife by his side.
How does the cotton stuffing go from the armchair into Chris’s ears?
The couple met through mutual friends in 2012 at a St. Patrick’s Day party in Manhattan.
“We thought that would be a cool theme to draw inspiration from.” Ms.
To me it suggests that nature and art, or perception and memory, aren’t so easily distinguished, and serves as proof that the most honest way to look at a long-storied artist is through a contemporary artist’s eyes.
In an interview via the messaging app WhatsApp from his home in the Netherlands, Aladdin said that their family had run a bakery in Damascus, Syria, and that he had been detained and tortured by forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad.
At a time when the American economy is rigged in favor of the rich and giant corporations, the coming federal funding bill is a chance to show that our country still respects hard work.
Black-cab drivers, who earn licenses by memorizing some 25,000 streets and 100,000 landmarks for an exacting test known as The Knowledge , complain that Uber drivers are under-regulated.
“It was just a matter of time.” It was that kind of faith that allowed him to speak to Watson with confidence when victory seemed beyond Clemson’s grasp on Monday night.
“Just think how cool it’s going to be when the single most important island, maybe on planet earth, when you can walk or bike all the way around it,” she said.
Here are five things around your home you never clean ... but should.
What have you been hearing from people in the Central Valley?
Sports franchises that sell naming rights, he added, are missing opportunities to recognize people who made significant contributions to society.
The report states that Mr. Donaldson consented to a search of his mobile phone and his car, and the phone’s location data placed him at or near the scene of three of the shootings when they took place.
SCIENCE TIMES An article on Tuesday about cholera in Bangladesh quoted incorrectly from comments by Dr. John D. Clemens about earlier trials of a polio vaccine.
“It used to be ‘Go back to Taliban,’” he said.
Ms. Hayes directed the hounds with horn blasts, as she steered them into wooded areas and underbrush to seek a scent.
A few differences: — The dirt bikers are more associated with acrobatics, known as stunting, whereas supermoto was born out of racing.
Meanwhile, Rose Wilder, late in her life, became attached to an enterprising young man named Roger Lea MacBride, who shared her antigovernment politics and worldview; in 1976 he was the Libertarian Party’s candidate for president.
He served as a deputy governor of impoverished Guizhou Province in the late 1990s, then as director of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange.
And he blamed Mr. Howald for the confrontation.
He formerly served on the board of the Stratton Foundation in Stratton, Vt.
In the Russian government’s main inquiry — which is still underway — officials were found to have acted reasonably and lawfully.
stars like Wilt Chamberlain, Bill Russell, Bob Cousy and Bill Sharman.
4) The clues indicate the order.
This was at a time when I was at the edge of illiteracy with L.A., and Max was at the edge of fluency.
The Times welcomes comments and suggestions, or complaints about errors that warrant correction.
Over the course of two days, he met with leaders from several influential Arab countries and emerged encouraged by their stated eagerness to help him bring Israelis and Palestinians together.
“How stupid is that?” And yet, as investigators in Washington scrutinize the Russian interference campaign, Mr. Rohrabacher, like an extra in a spy thriller, just keeps showing up — if not quite at the scene of the action, then just off camera.
In of one them, Mexican cartel members are seen killing four women.
The one thing we both noticed that was missing from all of this is why?
After the mistrial, Senator Mitch McConnell, the Republican majority leader, said in a statement that he was “calling on the Senate Ethics committee to immediately investigate Senator Menendez’s actions, which led to his indictment.’’ “His trial shed light on serious accusations of violating the public’s trust as an elected official,’’ the statement said, “as well as potential violations of the Senate’s Code of Conduct.” The jurors’ inability to reach a verdict also underscores the high bar for corruption that was set by the Supreme Court’s decision last year to overturn the conviction of former Virginia Gov.
“McDonnell changed the law dramatically.” But the prosecutor, Andrew D. Goldstein, who is now chief of the corruption unit in the United States attorney’s office, distinguished Mr. Silver’s case from Mr. McDonnell’s, noting that Mr. Silver’s “was about far more than mere introductions and meetings and nothing more, which was the problem in McDonnell.” “Here, as the court required and the jury found,” Mr. Goldstein said, “Sheldon Silver engaged in official decision-making as the opportunities arose, in order again and again and again, for each scheme, over a decade’s period of time, to benefit those who were paying him.” The panel, which included Judges José A. Cabranes, Richard C. Wesley and William K. Sessions III, gave no indication of when it would rule.
Season 1 spent a lot of time on the Farrells’ internal power struggles.
The incident, which seemed as if it might obliterate a large part of that state, began with that most human of mistakes, a dropped piece of equipment.
Giving yourself an extra 20 minutes will usually allow you not to have to stress out about getting through security and to your gate in time.
Security questions are astonishingly insecure: The answers to many of them are easily researched or guessed, yet they can be the sole barrier to someone gaining access to your account.
Instead he preferred the Nazi SS officers, seeing in them something closer to a mythic ideal.
Harvey Weinstein, the Oscar-winning Hollywood producer, has been accused of sexual harassment for decades, a Times investigation found , and reached at least eight settlements.
Since President Trump’s inauguration, they have become far more aggressive, spending at least $60,000 to lobby OSHA through an industry group called the Abrasive Blasting Manufacturers Alliance, public records show, and enlisting two former congressmen to fight for them.
The complexity of Wi-Fi is what inspired Eero’s chief executive, Nick Weaver, to create a mesh product.
That window has now almost certainly closed, with the Fed normalizing monetary policy and gradually raising interest rates .
They could have challenged him in the Q. and A.
Under Yawkey, who owned the club for four decades, the Red Sox were the last team in the major leagues to cross the color barrier, choosing not to sign black players including Jackie Robinson and Willie Mays.
The federal complaint, which was signed by Christopher Mills, an F.B.I.
Senators did not ask him about that on Tuesday.
The booking site’s nonhotel revenue rose 31 percent last year, while revenue from its main hotel-booking business was down slightly.
“There’s nothing nefarious about doing anything that’s legal as long as the proper paperwork is filed,” the legendary Sean Spicer told the media.
State regulators may have a role to play in urging insurers to enter less desirable markets.
Student, Citing Video Evidence Citing video of an intoxicated woman leading the student into her dorm, a judge said it was a “very strong indication” she had initiated the encounter.
Mrs. Huffard, 31, who goes by Gray, is a teacher at Katherine Delmar Burke School, an independent kindergarten through eighth grade school in San Francisco.
Eventually, however, Gray began to worry that Darwin had made belief in God superfluous.
He really doesn’t know which news is fake or not.
Joseph Ponte, the correction commissioner brought to New York to overhaul the city’s troubled jail system, has been reprimanded in a Department of Investigation report that found he had spent 90 days outside the city last year, even as violence at Rikers Island was spiraling out of control.
The victory was one of the best performances by the Cavaliers in weeks and their second straight since a tumultuous stretch in which they lost six of eight.
Many of the sandwiches seem familiar, such as the lengua, or beef tongue, and arrollado, or pork roll.
Crazy Mika” and claiming that at a past meeting she had been “bleeding badly from a facelift.” Earlier in June, Mr. Trump interrupted an Oval Office phone call with the prime minister of Ireland, Leo Varadkar, to comment on the physical appearance of Caitriona Perry, a Washington correspondent for Ireland’s national broadcaster.
A FADE ON THE COURSE If the flowers surrounding the greens at the Masters appear less vibrant and colorful on television this year, Billy Payne, the chairman of the Augusta National Golf Club, has an explanation.
The airy space, with front and back parlors, is the ideal setting in which to stock up on staples for your very own Summer of Love.
And that building — see that window, six floors up?
Even good girls had sex.
Gray then broke free for a 14-foot jump shot.
Insurers say this is a recipe for havoc.
Charlie Parker and Django Reinhardt and all my favorite musicians played covers and got better as a result.
Her character, given little screen time to match Daniel’s soul-searching, is most wanting.
South Korean and American officials said the system would become operational soon , despite protests from China, which sees the deployment as a threat to its security.
Now, there are 100 senators.
They used to be the Montreal Expos, who were titleless from 1969 to 2004.
He recently watched footage from the 2011 race.
If we build a wall and demand that Mexico pay for it, how long will it go on cooperating with us?
“I’d like to officially welcome you to the Big Easy!” he squawked in his blunt Brooklynese.
That will make residents feel like their taxes have gone up, which will make it harder for states to raise taxes in the future.
I have great tennis in me.
Plying him with one beer after another, the town’s residents, almost all men, are eager to cure him of his prudishness, especially a town doctor (Donald Pleasence) who seems like just about the last person you would want to see scrubbing in for your surgery.
Hired a year earlier, Mr. Sutter was the first science teacher at Wellston to emphasize climate science.
“China wants to help Myanmar by lessening the international pressure on it,” he said.
For instance, when he found out last month that he would be going to see the Barcelona soccer team practice and would meet some of the players afterward — he is a fan of the club — he whooped in delight.
That was the bid at a Phillips auction in New York on April 4 for the 2009 limited-edition photograph “ Girl With a Bamboo Earring ,” inspired by Vermeer.
Since the 1990s she has been a good-will ambassador for the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization, which fosters local solutions to food shortages rather than airdrops.
A WIN AND A HOME RUN Marcus Stroman threw five and two-thirds strong innings and hit the second homer by a pitcher in Toronto Blue Jays history in a 9-0 victory at Atlanta.
“No shell burst over it, but a little smoke rose above its houses.
to join the State Department under John F. Kennedy; he was later Lyndon Johnson’s national security adviser during the center-cut of American involvement in Vietnam, from April 1966 to January 1969.
No prominent politician justified his act; instead both parties prayed together before a cheering D.C. crowd.
But that trend could stop or reverse if Mr. Trump imposes sizable tariffs on those imports, Mr. Zhang said.
” • Scoreboard: Angels purify Yankees , 10-5.
On Friday, the Canadian government took a step to make amends for that adoption program, which began in the 1960s and lasted till the 1980s, by agreeing to pay 750 million Canadian dollars in legal settlements.
Things escalate when her screen freezes because it can’t keep up with her rapid scrolling.
“We will finish this issue soon,” Mr. Abadi said Tuesday.
[ Reuters ] • Turkey fired nearly 4,000 more civil servants and blocked Wikipedia in an expanding crackdown on dissent and free speech.
Everyone called him Ike, Mr. Burton said.
“And that’s a very important thing.” Mr. Cuomo began the day with a tour of Yad Vashem , the Holocaust museum, where he used the Hebrew word “hineini” — meaning “here I am” — to express solidarity with Israel.
By Day 8, fatigue was setting in.
(Ms. Kerrigan went on to win the silver medal behind Oksana Baiul at the Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway; Ms. Harding did not receive a medal.)
The country’s top artists were already wary of Mr. Temer’s close ties to the evangelical lobby in Brazil’s Congress, and one of his early actions — to appoint an all-male, all-white cabinet, and to eliminate the Culture Ministry — did not help, even though the ministry was quickly reinstated.
Most residents’ income is from catching and selling fish.
But they are a nonviolent tool — and in this case a timely and appropriate one — for making clear when another country’s behavior has crossed a line and for applying pressure that could make its leaders reconsider course.
“But I think it’s a possibility he willingly accepts it.” Mr. Bannon insisted that was not his view.
Spokesmen at the White House, the Pentagon and the Justice Department have repeatedly demurred when asked for even basic facts about what is happening.
In that spirit, Ichimura’s beverage menu includes sakes and wines produced with minimal intervention.
I don’t view frugal travel as a race to the bottom.
Contrast 1973 with 2016, where competent, experienced Hillary Clinton loses the presidential election to Donald Trump, a demagogic businessman who exploits institutionalized sexism in order to draw greater crowds.
On Friday, Congress approved a one-week spending measure that averted a shutdown on Saturday.
He delved into self-improvement: EST, Lifespring, Courses in Miracles, Transcendental Meditation, kabbalah, Tony Robbins, Deepak Chopra and the Power of Now.
However, the powerful chairman of the Senate finance committee said Tuesday he was prepared to support President Trump’s plan to cut corporate tax rates to 15 percent even if it added to the budget deficit.
While they are familiar with some of these models, such as HighScope , Montessori and Waldorf , others, such as Reggio Emilia , are new and unfamiliar.
“You have to have some sense of humor, sense of adventure if you want to enjoy things,” she said.
George Szell, the autocratic music director of the Cleveland Orchestra, invited him to be a guest conductor.
Much of it has Elverum doing things like wandering the house, opening and closing windows, taking out trash, watching a child sleep — all under an anvil of grief that keeps him from wanting to make art, symbols or sense out of any of it.
I’m going to stay on top of her.” They started asking each other to guest-D.J.
Online sales have challenged the watch industry’s traditional distribution network, built on longstanding partnerships with multibrand retailers, and managing that conflict has proved tricky.
• A Vietnamese architect has developed prefabricated structures that he hopes will provide durable homes for people in slums, remote areas or refugee camps — at a cost of just $1,500.
The seconds are now numbered for the blindingly lit, supersized football-shaped countdown clock that has been competing with the upscale public art at Discovery Green since last May.
Mr. Zuberi was a top fund-raiser for President Barack Obama and for Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign.
It’s not yet over.” More than 200,000 residents are crammed into refugee camps, waiting for the military to declare an official end to the operation.
From the waterfront up to Warburton Avenue is the spiffiest part of downtown — referred to by some local boosters, intent on drawing comparisons with Manhattan, as SoYo.
“He didn’t seem to be hotheaded; he didn’t seem to be an angry person or anything like that,” Mr. Verastegui said.
Congress has shown little interest in identifying the root causes of civilian deaths, holding commanders or lower-level officers accountable, or ensuring that the lessons learned from mistaken strikes are integrated into future operations.
“If he can force them into adjournment, he can in essence terminate Congress.” Firing Mr.
The term has even spread to other sports, like football, where you might hear about a walk-off field goal or touchdown .
Allegedly, several hundred Chechen security operatives are permanently based in Moscow, where some are said to “tax” businesses and engage in other illegal activities.
In the first year of the Cut Cut Cut Act, such a family would indeed receive a tax cut.
Before long, Mr. Gowin welcomed a change from a landscape he found tragic.
Here’s what you need to know: • “You’re a very special man,” President Trump told President Xi Jinping at a news conference in Beijing, showing uncharacteristic American deference to a Chinese leader.
With their visualization of the head, they could extrapolate how big the body was by comparing its proportions with that of modern otters.
In her short story “The Oval Lady,” for example, the teenage Lucretia, who loathes her father (“I’d like to starve myself to death just to annoy him.
Some consider social impact investing a sort of pseudophilanthropy because the returns aren’t always the main goal.
The judge only granted bail to one other politician, because he had resigned from the Catalan cabinet a day before the region’s declaration of independence.
Colton Sceviour scored two goals for the Panthers, who lost their fourth consecutive game.
A great swath of the public was actively complicit in the new dictatorship that killed the revolution it had unleashed in the first place.
Mr. Farley worked in coal for 11 years.
And that I find very disturbing, that he would not give her the respect of calling that soldier her husband.” “I think he challenges anybody who goes after him and corrects him, whether they are black or white or male or female,” she continued.
In subsequent posts, Mr. Conway said that “every sensible lawyer” in the White House Counsel’s Office and “every political appointee” at the Justice Department would “agree with me (as some have already told me).” Mr. Conway stressed that he strongly supports Mr. Trump — “and, of course, my wonderful wife” — and was making his points because the president’s supporters “should not be shy about it.” The frustration over the travel ban might be a momentary episode were it not for the deeper resentment Mr. Trump feels toward Mr.
When Mr. Swerdin met his wife in 1960, “the most important thing was that she understood about Doris,” he said.
Listen to this episode .
This isn’t permanent, it’s lighter, and people have to easily understand it because I’m not well-known here, like I am in Paris.” Although that stands to change: Yovanovitch plans to set up an NYC office later this year.
Mr. Kathrada said that on arriving at the prison he and the mixed-race convicts were issued long trousers, while black convicts like Mr. Mandela and Mr. Sisulu had to wear shorts without socks.
Included are four nights in Cape Town and four game drives in Entabeni Safari Conservancy, a reserve known for its abundant wildlife.
Not realizing the pollution is there doesn’t mean it doesn’t affect you.
But the death by cancer of Mr. Liu , who was serving an 11-year prison sentence for his role in Charter 08, a manifesto for peaceful political change, also deepened concerns over the fate of Lee Ming-cheh, a human rights advocate from Taiwan who went missing after his arrival in the southern Chinese province of Guangdong in March.
The researchers used two standard, simple measures of verbal ability.
Ms. Dolo rushed the girl to the nearest hospital, about 25 miles away, where she was immediately taken into surgery.
“When I saw her real passion, it brought my passion back,” he said, “because she does it so simply — it’s like who, what.
[ The New York Times ] • California’s so-called “ Dreamers ” are awaiting President Trump’s decision on whether to scrap protections for undocumented immigrants brought into the country illegally.
In the department of small violins, consider the moral embarrassment, after Charlottesville, Va., of right-of-center Jews who voted for Donald Trump in the election and remained — at least until last week — broadly supportive of his presidency.
The reader, of course, must think about what would happen if her own normal life was suddenly, unexpectedly upended by war.
“Her announcement today allows many individuals who may have been waiting to now jump on board my campaign,” Ms. Mayhew said in an interview.
In contrast with her bigger-than-life boss, she is low-key and matter-of-fact.
It’s official: Alexander Hamilton now out-earns his boss.
Pinched by competition from the video market, Blackhawk Films closed in 1987 and offered Mr. Shepard its equipment for scrap value.
But there are now more options for brides to rent wedding dresses.
Presiding over this ethical morass is Stefan Passantino, the White House ethics officer.
In the meantime, German politics needs to find a more positive, sustainable way of engaging with the public, speaking to the issues that matter to them, not just tossing up politicians to love — or love to hate.
Fortunately for the unidentified 67-year-old woman, doctors preparing her for routine cataract surgery last November discovered the source and removed it.
The proportion of women ages 25 to 54 either working or looking for work stood at 75 percent in April .
“And he is willing to bear witness to the murders.” He said the next step was to file murder charges against the police officers.
Exxon Mobil, whose former chief executive, Rex Tillerson, just became secretary of state, was one of the provision’s primary opponents.
But when Mr. Fulop announced that he would not run and immediately endorsed Mr. Murphy, and Mr. Sweeney followed suit, the anticipated battle sank to a simmer and the flooding of airwaves and mailboxes that usually accompanies a closely contested primary never even reached a drip.
But the legislation is almost certain to fail in the Senate, where picking up the tab for Mr. Trump’s signature campaign promise — a border wall, which he has vowed Mexico ultimately will fund — is a deal-breaker for Democrats.
In Texas, there is bipartisan opposition from most of the state’s congressional delegation.
Here we are with yet another remake of a movie that wasn’t particularly watchable the first time around: What price will New York State Senate Republicans exact to extend the mayor’s control over New York City’s public schools — and for how long a stretch?
The litany of corporate scandals at Uber has raised questions about the way the company is run, led to a lawsuit by a main investor, and prompted fund managers to cut their estimates for the price of shares.
We believe there was only one shooter and that was Stephen Paddock.” Similar rumor mongering has emerged in the wake of previous mass shootings.
Although companies disclose grant-date values for these awards, there is no guarantee that executives will actually realize these amounts.
The cause was leukemia, according to Molly Schoneveld, a family spokeswoman.
But Tuan is the viper we invited into our nest.)
The article includes a 35-minute video of their talk, and is featured on the cover of the new T Magazine, along with original artwork by Henry Taylor.
Tetsuo Saito, the “singing philosopher,” sounds like the wild man in the meditation room as he cries in Japanese: “We strip off the masks and expose all truths of society.” (Years later, Mr. Saito had a huge pop hit that began as a Minolta TV jingle .)
“Norman had been outspoken that the new head of correction was the wrong choice to lead the correction department,” Mr. Rechnitz said, referring to Mr. de Blasio’s appointment in 2014 of Joseph Ponte , a reform-minded commissioner, to lead the city’s embattled jail system.
Sessions for what they said was repeatedly making inaccurate statements.
“The suspect’s mother-in-law attended this church,” Freeman Martin, a spokesman for the Texas Department of Public Safety, said at a news conference on Monday.
When Speaker Paul D. Ryan needed to stop rebellious fellow Republicans from defanging a popular congressional ethics watchdog office this month, he called a friend from Wisconsin, Reince Priebus, the incoming White House chief of staff, for some stealthy help.
In its second line, it notes that as of the day before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor — a quintessential act of war — the “United States was at peace with that nation.” Following the attack, however, “hostilities exist,” and so the president asked Congress to declare that since the moment the first bomb dropped, a “state of war has existed between the United States and the Japanese Empire.” If that language sounds a bit stilted today, it may be because countries rarely officially go to war with one another anymore.
His voice was grainy and unpretty, with a Florida drawl that he proudly displayed.
Al Jazeera was known in Egypt for its sympathetic coverage of Mohamed Morsi, the ousted Egyptian president, and his political faction, the Muslim Brotherhood.
During the campaign, Mr. Trump picked up that theme and repeatedly referred to a major surge in violent crime — though, in fact, crime in recent years has been at some of the lowest levels ever recorded.
She is so devoted to giving Anne what she called a “documentary feel” that she assured me the potatoes in Marilla’s pantry were period accurate.
He had been told only afterward that the battalion responsible for that area believed there were 150 Taliban fighters nearby.
The evidence is clear: Iran’s provocative actions threaten the United States, the region and the world.” Once the National Security Council completes a review of the nuclear deal, Mr. Tillerson said, “we will meet the challenges Iran poses with clarity and conviction.” Hours earlier, late on Tuesday night, Mr. Tillerson sent a terse letter to Speaker Paul D. Ryan pledging to evaluate whether earlier suspension of sanctions against Iran, as required under the terms of the nuclear agreement, “is vital to the national security interests of the United States.” A man of few words, Mr. Tillerson has sometimes found that his cryptic remarks create more confusion than clarity among allies, friends and even adversaries.
At 12 years, the men who had both treatments were also much less likely to have died from their prostate cancer — 5.8 percent versus 13.4 percent — or to have the cancer spread around their bodies — 14.5 percent versus 23 percent.
It’s been valued at $4 billion.
There are 6.9 million working-age disabled adults — many of them the siblings, cousins, aunts and uncles of Mulvaney’s “taxpayers” — who are covered by Medicaid.
That view was echoed by the employees and a handful of patrons in Kingston’s Royal Tavern, once Macdonald’s venue of choice for political rallies.
• Megyn Kelly repeatedly challenged Alex Jones, the conspiracy theorist and right-wing personality, during a much-hyped NBC interview .
The elder Colombo, who never completely regained consciousness and died seven years later, insisted publicly that the Mafia was a myth.
“His name is Alex Rodriguez,” she said.
These recordings, made in Switzerland and Germany around the same time, demonstrate his scholarship in perfect clarity.
Its own six creamy-gray bands, divided by narrower lines of darker gray, held my gaze, buoyant and bodiless, in place.
Once they do, though, Ms. Okpokwasili’s mother likens her daughter’s style of movement to Nigerian dance, and gives a demonstration that’s both moving and revealing.
It opened in 2002, hailed as a revitalization of intellectual culture in Egypt’s former ancient capital, which is now its often neglected second-largest city.
“I actually thought the tee shot was further left than it was.
With Carrie, things are always so much more truncated, and so convoluted.
Deaths 27 and 28 occurred on Nov. 22, when a steel beam fell four stories at a Queens job site, crushing George Smith and Elizandro Enriquez Ramos.
For the first time in their decade-long marriage, his wife saw him cry.
Catalonia’s silent supporters of Spanish unity found their voice on Sunday, thronging into the center of Barcelona as part of a huge rally that reverberated with chants in support of a united Spanish state and against agitators for independence.
This was the fourth time in the past two years that control of Palmyra, a Unesco World Heritage Site, changed hands between government forces and Islamic State fighters, who vandalized the city’s historic sites and used its famed Roman stone amphitheater for public executions.
Waited for phone calls from my kids, praying to a heartless god that they were safe every violent day.
Consider Chicago, which throughout the campaign was Trump’s exemplar of a city rife with “carnage.” Chicago has been reeling from a major spike in gun violence and killings, but it is also a city with a sordid history of police abuses.
There was a vibrant spiritualist movement in pre-Civil War America, and during the war the first lady, Mary Todd Lincoln, is said to have held séances in the White House.
But he declined the journalist’s request to elaborate.
In any case, much about Ohtani will be unique and uncertain — the rules surrounding him, his recruitment and his skill set.
Our guide to film series and special screenings.
Each child is unique, but all children think butts are hilarious.
Featuring Norah Jones, Jack Johnson, Gary Clark Jr., Jim James, Kurt Vile, the Head the Heart, Father John Misty and Mr. Lesh with his Terrapin Family Band, the new festival makes a case for Monterey Pop as a continuing influence in the age of Coachella and Bonnaroo, and the organizers will walk a fine line in honoring the spirit of the original.
Instead, he wanted to incorporate “the 1920s aesthetic of a Viennese pastry shop in a very general way, and then give it a more modern, surrealist edge,” he said.
But many Chinese are unwilling, fearing that it is unfilial to one’s ancestors be buried with organs missing.
The second is that the lawsuit itself, subsequently revealed to have been bankrolled by Peter Thiel, the PayPal founder and Silicon Valley billionaire, represented a disturbing instance of a powerful figure secretly using wealth to stifle a voice he regarded as adversarial.
Beyond that, the top-drawer firms are increasingly jostling with one another to win lucrative legal work.
But it flew only 998 horizontal miles, falling in waters between the North and Japan.
The world is watching for signals from the White House: Some in the administration said that Mr. Trump would abandon the landmark agreement, while others insisted that no decision had been made.
Incomes for the middle class and poor have grown sluggishly since 1980, while the upper middle class has done modestly better.
Their complexes comprise hundreds of units, but typically have only four or so workers looking after them.
There is also no consensus on how to handle the deductibility of corporate interest expenses and how to prevent taxpayers from using a lower pass-through tax rate on small businesses as a loophole.
But those measures “don’t deal with the bigger issue,” Dr. Michaels said.
He knew the way to a writer’s heart.
2, 3 and 4 seeds one time each.
The utility said it could take several days to restore service.
He said he expected the material to be delivered by early next week.
In 2014, when Steven Kern moved to Newark to run the Newark Museum , he and his wife settled in a downtown loft.
How do you— How do I “keep on the pulse”?
Consequently, it has become stuck in a trap, using its venture capital funding to subsidize at least 50 percent of every ride to cut fares and try to gain a monopoly position that can drive the competition out of business.
(On Saturday, a chef will cook with juniper.)
Name withheld When should you defer to the norms of your neighbors?
But according to most American recipes for eggplant Parmesan, I am supposed to bury those crisp slices in a dish with tomato sauce, bake them into mush and still expect deliciousness.
He did, of course, collect many plant specimens, but they were immediately flattened and did not show a flower or plant as it looks in life.
My employer holds an annual off-site week of meetings, training, and evening social gatherings.
to focus on a more comprehensive approach to the subway’s power problems.
(8:30 p.m. Eastern, ESPN) Have a great night.
She is being held without bond, the sheriff’s office said.
In his rookie year Glenn had a well-publicized clash with Parcells when the coach referred to him as “she.” Parcells said his comment had been taken out of context.
“That gives them control over everything.
Even with the heat, she called for a flip-flop ban at offices.
At the same time, a new estimate of the bill’s cost and its impact on health coverage further soured the picture for wavering lawmakers.
“It was good.” He was a respected figure in the Capital Region’s construction industry, a draftsman, a graphic artist and an architect on projects as small as renovations to a jeweler’s store and as large as a senior community.
Outfielders must stay in the outfield.
Then, while presenting the report to employees, an Uber board member made a sexist remark.
The landscape outside was barren, almost moonlike.
I just handed him the ball and the marker and mumbled my name.
Or will concessions be what?
The latter move was stayed, pending a trial.
“It is a significant increase,” said Dr. Jesse Alves, an infectious diseases specialist at the Emilio Ribas Hospital in São Paulo, an institution run by the state government there.
Technology companies and their trade organizations are lobbying fiercely against it.
I’m certainly aware of its importance, which is why I can’t do too much to argue against it being as highly ranked as it is on this particular list.
He started sending Ms. Edwards photos of weapons he had bought and descriptions of killing animals.
6 p.m. [ Tickets start at $60 ] • Islanders at Blue Jackets, 5 p.m. (MS+2).
But he acknowledged the historical lack of inclusivity for Asian-American actors in Hollywood.
What career and life advice do you give to new college grads?
It tastes like muffled excitement.
“Wayne just had such a rapport with the students in our program, and that didn’t go unnoticed to Ed,” Tharp said.
In two Sunday services, he admitted he had been carrying on an adulterous affair and announced he was stepping down from church leadership to repair his family, church members said.
For some reason it’s an obsession for many young South Korean men.
Viewed one way, this is a tale about how the web has collapsed the distance between audience and creator.
I always made conservative choices as a young actress, largely informed by my first-generation American parents who were highly skeptical of this industry in general — “This business will use you up and throw you away like a snotty tissue!”— and of its men in particular: “They only want one thing.” My mom didn’t let me wear makeup or get manicures.
“Teachers have really responded well to feeling like they are being listened to,” said Carl Sjogreen, a co-founder of Seesaw.
As a candidate, he tends to run more cool than hot, with a deliberative, professorial style somewhat similar to Barack Obama’s.
Novels like “The Farming of Bones” and “The Dew Breaker,” and the memoir “Brother, I’m Dying,” add up to an impressive résumé for addressing the topic at hand.
It’s all delightful but not strictly necessary, because the best of the illustrations have it all: the adventurous synthesis of scientific and aesthetic wonder, the precise observation and detail, and the slightly bitter aftertaste of cheerfully obtuse latter-day colonialism.
“She was real cool people.” The night the woman called herself Fannie Hill, she had told the desk officer in the precinct that she was from Orangeburg, S.C.
The city also did not adequately modernize the way it contracted for shelters.
Of the last 10 league champions, four won their first N.C.A.A.
“All teams respect him,” said Oscar Lindberg, the 25-year-old center of the line on which Glass now plays.
A few favorite items include this vacuum (or maybe you’d prefer a cordless stick vacuum?
Mr. Rousso, who is also an adjunct professor at Columbia University, had visited the United States many times over the past 30 years without much fuss.
It is reprehensible that the government official responsible for protecting American citizens from pollution is shutting out groups working on behalf of the public interest.
He should only be so lucky to have such a success, but given his preference for threats and bluster, he does not even contemplate the possibility.
I finally realized why all those bomb craters hadn’t made that much difference.
Back then, the comparisons of his game to Crosby’s were only beginning.
Every week, her favorite among her 13 pet dogs is also brought in for a visit, a concession granted by her jailers.
We’re all familiar with the phrase “A LITTLE BIRDIE told me ...” when it comes to revealing a secret, and today the idea is to find four little birdies inside the grid.
The page is where I finally came to understand my own body and its evolving narrative, where I continue to learn when my disability informs a particular dynamic and when it’s beside the point.
The authorities also searched a neighborhood jewelry store that might have been involved in selling the gold.
The system — actually thousands of distinct state and local systems that process tens of thousands of people — is so finely grained that lawyers who work in it sometimes do not understand its subtleties and contortions, much less their clients or the public.
Interpreting the written instructions for Sol LeWitt’s “Wall Drawing #56” (1970) as a choreographic score, Ms. Levine will complete the 3,744 lines with attention to the physicality of drawing, raising questions about precision, reproduction and impermanence.
It’s not just that an elected official should know how to answer that question without a lot of prep work.
The director Knud Adams craftily uses the tight confines to create and sustain tension, and the actors portraying the students are all excellent.
The money came from more than 15,500 people, including one anonymous donor who gave $1 million.
Jewish law dictates that the menorah be lit around nightfall, he said.
How do you see it relating to our current cultural and political moment?
The class-action lawsuit, which amended a suit filed in June on behalf of one of the teenagers, was filed in the United States District Court of the Northern District of California because all three were transferred to detention facilities there.
But records show the government purged more than half a million voters from the rolls in the months before the vote.
Which is hilarious because that would mean Trump fired James Comey for making him president.
The family’s only public commentary on the move thus far has been a post to Twitter by their shoe and apparel company, Big Baller Brand.
It lost the most important thing any organization could have: its trust.” Dr. Shulkin, by his own admission, is an unlikely choice to overhaul veterans services under President Trump.
Panel A determined the start value of a routine.
There are signs that to take Raqqa without an all-out fight, they will let more Islamic State fighters escape to the south.
The cost varies depending on the coverage; carrying a $25,000 bond, for example, would cost an employer between $550 and $700 a year, according to providers.
The foundation is primarily used to receive and distribute about $370 million annually in federal and state research grants, which have strict rules on how they can be spent.
The part of the doughnut hole that is thawing most quickly lies above Alaska and the Russian region of Chukotka, meaning Russia and the United States have the most at stake.
Suddenly everybody wanted to smell as if they had just emerged from a kelp forest, bathed clean by the waters.
The Iranians also tried to produce plutonium in a reactor designed for that purpose near the city of Arak.
SCOTT For a lot of 2016, it seemed as if the dominant story was going to be about what, for want of a better word, is often called diversity, meaning the often frustrated, sometimes partly successful struggles of filmmakers who are not white men to work within a system that remains rigged against them.
Dr. Molina repeatedly warned that the company could withdraw from the markets if federal officials failed to make changes to the program.
She said the two met a few times for dinner before he invited her to a hotel room.
), absolute belief in your own absolute rightness is a powerfully seductive weapon to wield.
Like the sons of many prominent fathers, Ben spent a long time trying both to understand and escape his father.
For 81 games, he flung himself around the court the way only he could, and when the smoke cleared, he had compiled averages of 31.6 points, 10.7 rebounds and 10.4 assists.
“When you have these beautiful speeches about how devoted I am to the beauty of your eyes and all,” he mused, “I could almost do it to a rock.” _____ 10.
The men in West Bengal burned the animals for pleasure.
The Republican tax plan aims to encourage business investment by cutting corporate taxes, which could increase demand for the big projects — hospitals, airports, office building — that make up a big part of McCarthy’s business.
José, 42, works year-round for a tobacco grower; his wife, Irma, 44, picks tobacco and also works at a local steakhouse, wiping down tables and mopping floors.
When Donald J. Trump first tried a few years ago to line up a speaking slot at the marquee event for the conservative grass roots, the Conservative Political Action Conference, the organizers almost rejected him because they thought he was a fraud who only wanted a platform to promote his hotels, casinos, neckties and golf courses.
That’s certainly true for the angry and bewildered characters in this strange theatrical hybrid of soaring music and thudding dialogue, which opened on Wednesday night at the Old Vic Theater here.
But the Dutch company Het Laagland will show how easily they grow down when presented with favorite old toys, toe-tapping tunes, an environment of whirling night stands and just the right amount of magic to make strait-laced professionals loosen their ties and let down their hair.
People close to the negotiators say Baghdad is nearing an agreement with Kurdish commanders that would have federal forces take over the border crossings, and fundamentally recalibrate how the region’s oil is exported, a revenue source that is essential to Kurdish dreams of self-reliance.
Abbey Lincoln, Betty Carter and Harry Belafonte all performed there, or simply came to listen.
There are normally a couple of dozen of them, largely drawn from the ranks of recently retired players.
“It’s about promoting themselves as the star of their company.” Dr. North said the psychological strategy was quite clever.
The public and nutritionists seem to disagree .
“There should never be a pre-emptive strike without South Korean consent.” Mr.
A well-known singer from Aleppo, Shadi Jamil, performed several national songs and traditional music at the event, according to the Syrian state-run news agency SANA.
Les élites politiques dans le monde arabe postcolonial, qu’elles soient conservatrices ou de gauche, restent allergiques à l’idée qu’un soutien externe vienne appuyer leur désir de démocratie locale: le souvenir de la colonisation frappe de soupçon toute assistante étrangère, ou presque.
Germany needed only to move toward peace to escape such unfairness.
Euthanasia rates are down, although the A.S.P.C.A.
Through the years, Ms. Corby, 39, has reflected Australia’s fears and fascinations with Southeast Asia, and her case has raised issues of gender and social class.
Puerto Rican politicians were pleading their cases to Congress on Monday, just one day after 97 percent of voters cast ballots in favor of statehood in a nonbinding referendum on the island’s future.
team, the ownership offered Livingstone a check for $6,900 at the close of the 1917–18 season.
One reason to seek an extension is missing important forms.
I’m still painting a lot.
This work — new at Peak Performances in Montclair, N.J., in 2015 — shows how, as does Brandon Collwes , a former member of the Merce Cunningham company now dancing for Gerring.
Alonso’s presence has certainly sparked interest in the race and the series.
For so long, the world of “us” never touched the world of “them” in many corners of American society.
To keep a dispute from escalating, consumer advocates suggest that homeowners navigate the insurance process with caution from the very first call until the final check is cut.
The Patriots went 3-1 with Jimmy Garoppolo and Jacoby Brissett filling in for Brady.
When she was 11, Ms. Lipa and her family moved to Pristina, the capital of Kosovo.
A financial worker from New Jersey.
It has offered an international baccalaureate diploma program since 2004.
This has meant portraying Mr. Ossoff, a 30-year-old filmmaker who had never run for office before and lives outside the district, as a pawn of Nancy Pelosi, the House Democratic leader, and someone who has been bought and paid for by donors in San Francisco and New York.
Patskou is not out to embarrass anybody.
Answer: France), and you might miss a lot of the fun with the Across clues.
Benoît Hamon, the Socialist Party’s presidential candidate, and Anne Hidalgo, the mayor of Paris, have said that they each intend to create a new political force.
In the early 1960s he worked with Herbie Nichols, an iconoclastic pianist and composer with an off-kilter approach to bebop, and then with the pianist Cecil Taylor, an ascendant figure in the avant-garde.
JK : Let them bleed out.
Depending on how they are counted, the Obama administration brought nine or 10 leak-related prosecutions — about twice as many as were brought under all previous presidencies combined.
Still, the healthy profit reports out of Detroit are becoming a proof point that the major domestic carmakers are better prepared than ever for a longer-term downturn in demand.
In his 15th season at ABC’s “Jimmy Kimmel Live!,” he has gained new visibility as a result of monologues in which he has addressed sweeping news events in intimately personal terms.
Darboussier, Rue Raspail, Pointe-à-Pitre, 590-590-25-16-00; memorial-acte.fr Jardin Botanique de Deshaies is a restful haven with a fine restaurant.
On July 23, 1962, the Mossad operative Zvi Aharoni (who had identified Eichmann two years earlier) was on a dirt road by the farm where Mengele was believed to be hiding when he encountered a group of men — including one who looked exactly like the fugitive.
“He was not interested in working for three years on something and then dumping it all on a weekend,” Mr. Nevins said.
When we spoke, he had just decided to run in Maine’s Second District against the Republican incumbent, Bruce Poliquin.
As visitors strolled through a recent display of Madame de Pompadour’s coffee grinder, an 1840s Sèvres porcelain coffee set, tea canisters, sugar bowls and other European decorative arts at the Detroit Institute of Arts, the scent of roasted coffee beans arose in one room.
“We’ve missed the veteran presence in our lineup the past month and a half,” Yankees Manager Joe Girardi said.
He never expected to finish the book, much less publish it.
Did it feel more commercialized than typical or less because it had one less ad break?” The effort shows the willingness of both broadcasters and sports leagues to experiment with their long-held formulas for ads as they grapple with cord-cutters and viewers in the internet era, who are increasingly impatient with frequent commercial breaks.
Insurgents tracked him to a village near his home and kidnapped him.
Representative Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland, the top Democrat on the House Oversight Committee, on Sunday released a subpoena he had drafted for documents related to the hiring and firing of Mr. Flynn.
With the coveted exclusivity granted by their orphan-drug status, companies can charge virtually anything they want for these products, and some manufacturers have set astronomical prices for drugs that have gone on to bring in billions in sales.
Rather than having won dozens of hereditary coin tosses with DNA variations that are less bad, scientists suggest, supercentenarians may possess genetic code that actively protects them from aging.
And the only thing that makes me prouder than all the good that we’ve done is the thought of all the amazing things that you are going to achieve from here.
But none can match, for sheer bravado, the Obelisk by the architect Eric Gugler, in 1929.
Ryan made few mistakes while Wilson threw two interceptions.
Mr. Temer, a deeply unpopular leader, is resisting calls to resign after he was secretly recorded seeming to endorse the obstruction of anticorruption investigations.
The rate of return is high: Mr. Dim Sok said he reaps $10 every three months from an initial investment of around $50.
Here’s where General Mattis stands on other issues .
All this is expected to take place while the commission is working under the supervision of an interim commissioner, who is expected to be replaced sometime next year.
“If you considered yourself a real rock ’n’ roll guitar player, you had to learn ‘Rumble,’” Robbie Robertson, the songwriter and guitarist, said in an interview.
Students: Read the entire article, then tell us: — Do you agree that there are benefits to spending time doing things you are not good at, and never will be good at?
Those big movies can lead you to that type of things.
[Laughs] NATHALIE EMMANUEL What’s so beautiful about this story line is that these are two formerly enslaved people who’ve been through so much, and this is a completely new thing for both of them.
Peregrine falcons have had layovers on the Berkeley campus over the years but this is the first time they have been spotted nesting there.
Each week, the Open Thread newsletter will offer a look from across The New York Times at the forces that shape the dress codes we share, with Vanessa Friedman as your personal shopper.
So it’s not accidental that he has this effusive, vibrant life force and also embodies a certain inevitable march towards death.
• When Philando Castile was shot and killed in his car, a 4-year-old girl was in the back seat.
Unconventional Food Pairings Few wine issues cause so much anxiety as putting together food and wine.
That’s the cinematic satire that took home a clutch of Oscars in 1977 for telling Americans that their souls were being cannibalized by big television and the bigger corporations behind it.
It’s a “glib argument,” she writes, to contend that these statues help preserve history “as though the Civil War could be forgotten simply because Jim Crow-era monuments were removed from public spaces.” Instead, these memorials romanticize both Robert E. Lee and the “Lost Cause.” At the time of reconstruction, this served the purpose of “stitching the Union back together.” Now, she writes, “these memories are no longer valuable.” Read more » _____ • David Zirin in The Nation : “The comments by Donald Trump on Tuesday, August 15th, have created a new stain on the American flag.” Mr. Trump’s message could not have been clearer, contends Mr. Zirin, who feels “sick” after the news conference in Trump Tower.
“Our goal from the beginning was justice and for the people to know what happened in this black hole that was run by the C.I.A.’s offices.” _____ 5.
So I wanted to answer the question people always ask, which is: What are they like?
“You hear the talk about how difficult it is to get back to the finals two years in a row, and then you start to see it firsthand,” Crosby said after the Penguins’ 3-2 double-overtime victory against the Ottawa Senators in Game 7 of the Eastern Conference finals Thursday night.
“We just don’t have that same level of information readily accessible,” said Sandy James, survey project manager for the National Center for Transgender Equality.
In an energized atmosphere on Centre Court, the match almost turned with Rybarikova up, 4-2, and serving at 30-30 in the third set.
A mutual friend introduced them at an event in Baltimore, pointing out to Ms. Obuchowski that Mr. Yosim was a magician.
If hackers succeed in spoiling plot details, it would not be the first time for “Game of Thrones.” In 2015, the first four episodes of the fifth season were leaked online before they aired.
“To have that type of competitive spirit, you don’t find it too often,” D’Antoni said.
In New York City, the sun will be in the sky for just over nine hours.
(Damien Cave, our Australia bureau chief, shares insights on global news, local recommendations and feedback from readers in this weekly newsletter.
In the early ’90s, when Nafta had yet to become law, the union-backed Alliance for Responsible Trade argued that minimum wages in the tradable-goods sectors of all three North American countries should “move as quickly as possible toward that of the highest-wage country” and allow for a decent quality of life.
Our 360 video explains .
You just haven’t been manipulated properly.
And who did she just hear him whispering with?
Did they need privacy when looking into the mirror?
Under the new formula, which teams have had about a month to digest, 35 percent of the foreign-sourced television income would be based on where a team finishes in the league table.
Expect a bigger role for Watson’s wife, Mary (Amanda Abbington), whose harmless personality turned out to belie a rich past as a spy.
The brutal final scene of the debut episode lingers: What will Vinnie do when he’s confronted by the ugliest realities of this world?
Most of the small pelagic fish that swim in Senegalese waters — and make up 85 percent of the nation’s protein consumption — migrate in enormous schools between Morocco and Sierra Leone.
“The endangerment finding must be redone, or all of this is for naught,” said Steven J. Milloy, who runs a website, JunkScience.com , aimed at debunking the established science of human-caused climate change, and who worked on the Trump administration’s E.P.A.
We don’t know where we are going to sleep tonight.
It has been clear since Mr. Mueller was appointed last month that he was likely to scrutinize the president’s actions.
And the Republican majority, led by Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, has hinted strongly that it intends to change longstanding rules to elevate Judge Gorsuch with a simple majority vote if necessary.
I was not immediately alarmed as there was an exit from the back of the restaurant to the street and he could drive from there to my house without getting on the highway.
To answer these questions, Cox and his team hired survey panels of more than a thousand paid “professional raters” around the world who answer questions about how well News Feed is working.
He twisted his arms to dab his fingers into the water, struggling to bring drops to his mouth.
Ms. Leibovitz, through her gallery, declined to comment.
“How can Beijing get by without migrant workers?” Mr. Shi asked as two curbside vegetable hawkers nodded in sympathy.
Then, in the span of two days this week, Familia went from a bad outing to the operating room.
In the fall, Lord & Taylor began selling Ms. Trump’s fashion jewelry , which is the product of a new licensing partnership, according to a spokeswoman for the brand.
Admission to each night’s musical revue cost $1 (about $8 today).
is bigger than you,” Marvin said.
“We are always looking for ways to responsibly incorporate the latest technology into all facets of the game,” he wrote.
Finally, tell us more about what you think: What do you think the sociologist Michael Kimmel means when he says, “There comes a tipping point when the ‘frame’ changes.
The North also launched some two dozen missiles in 2016, including partly successful road-mobile and submarine-based missiles that could potentially carry nuclear warheads.
Singapore is acting ahead of tighter regulations.
Mr. Coffman has spent years trying to convince other lawmakers and the Department of Veterans Affairs that the government needs to do a lot more to prevent veteran suicides and homelessness.
Hours after the photo of the three men together was carried in the North Korean media on Sept. 3, the country conducted its nuclear test.
This weekend in Raleigh, N.C., some 8,000 runners are expected to line up for a road race, run through town and — eat doughnuts.
That practice, first disclosed by The New York Times , affected 800,000 customers according to an analysis commissioned by the bank.
1, $476.6 million of general obligation bonds.
That proposal comes with its own problems.
Higher public debt amounts to a burden that taxpayers will face over time as they pay back interest and principal on that debt, and arguably higher debt levels could crowd out private sector investment by pushing interest rates higher.
Here, his tips on how: MAKE A PLAYLIST Find yourself wishing that you knew the name of that song playing during dinner on the last night of your weekend in New England?
Environmentalists want the disaster to serve as a catalyst for Portuguese politicians to address longstanding problems relating to the mismanagement and neglect of forests.
The agency also failed to meaningfully reduce the number of officials and contractors who were empowered to download and transfer data classified as top secret, as well as the number of “privileged” users, who have greater power to access the N.S.A.’s most sensitive computer systems.
The pianist, MacArthur fellow and Harvard professor Vijay Iyer has been performing steadily with his trio for about a decade.
“Many thought that it really was the end of the world.” Pulaski guided 45 firefighters to shelter in a mine shaft, where he fended off the encroaching flames with wet blankets.
Adjusting to this reality has been more difficult for Iranian women, who had experienced a feminist renaissance under the Pahlavi dynasty.
This is not “The Celebrity Apprentice.” The huff-and-puffing could easily escalate into the slaughter of millions of people.
What isn’t is this: The decision by Amazon and Walmart to compete for my grocery business — as well as for space in my closet — is a tiny battle in a war to dominate a changing global economy.
Some physiologists now argue that your subjective sense of effort, rather than the metabolic state of your muscles, is the final arbiter of your limits.
Compared with other Android devices, the Pixel 2 XL, the model I tested and the larger of the two versions of the device, was also a big improvement.
In this bookcase, it looks like an army of misshapen chess pieces.
Follow NYT Food on Facebook , Instagram , Twitter and Pinterest .
Research by sociologists, economists and psychologists has established that imitation and other mechanisms of social transmission cause norms, behaviors and moods to spread from person to person, without those people necessarily being aware of how they had been influenced or by whom.
One bit of advice to his students was applicable both to performing and just living, he said.
“No, I’m good, dude.” Bill Murray will talk to Mr. Colbert on Thursday night.
“What people as humans will see is someone drunk and emotionally distraught,” Mr. O’Donnell said, referring to Mr. Shaver.
With Tribune poised to be acquired, smaller TV station owners may find themselves courted.
Some of you have been covering me for a long time.
Mr. Trump may yet amend his signals.
When I was in my 20s, I had the good fortune to play guitar as an opening act for the blues legend B.
Highly anticipated restaurant openings, and an industry in transformation.
But like others in Syria and elsewhere, he questioned whether it signaled the beginning of a stronger American military strategy in Syria.
“But most of all, patients will suffer, from delays and the potential loss of access to medicines and research, if we are to crash out of the E.U.,” Mr. Palmer said in a statement, referring to the possibility that Britain might quit the bloc without an agreement to stay within European regulatory structures.
But when asked who had undocumented relatives, nearly all of the students in one junior class raised their hands.
In the article, “Standing Voting Instructions: Empowering the Excluded Retail Investor,” she contended that “current regulatory restrictions impede market-based innovation” that could allow individual investors’ voices to be heard.
In the afternoon, he tries cases.
Only then did we have an inkling that Sally Ride had been gay.
After her 2013 conviction, Ms. Manning was taken to Fort Leavenworth to serve her sentence.
Yet the other night, Salazar was bustling.
But investing in them entails some complicated risks.
I spoke with Jessica M. Barron, a sociologist and demographer based in Durham, N.C., who moved from Los Angeles and counts herself in the migratory trend.
As it happens, Chuck is perilously close to the “Carlos Danger” moment that puts an end to his political career — and, presumably, an end to his marriage, which would no longer be of use to anyone.
Since the violence in Charlottesville 10 days ago, when white supremacists left one young woman dead and 19 others injured, the Southern Poverty Law Center has hit the jackpot.
She said that when one of the partners went to a Planned Parenthood event, “a light bulb went off there, that this was an organization we should do something with.” Planned Parenthood has long been a target of Republicans and conservatives, who have sought to defund the organization.
Nafta’s weak provisions on labor and environmental standards could also be improved.
This destination-based approach would tax imports and exempt exports, which is sometimes called a border adjustment.
Because email is intimate and convenient, it has produced “an unmatched historical record of some of the most important stories in the world,” he writes.
Korbin didn’t understand the commotion.
• “The Daily,” your audio news report.
If he has a legitimate need to be away?” It may be impossible to draw a single thread through every performance to neatly cinch together a great actress’s legacy.
The good news is how solid these stories are anyway.
The tools announced on Wednesday are intended to address a uniquely modern and pernicious form of harassment, often but not exclusively aimed at women, that has attracted increasing attention.
Despair can quickly lead to nihilist notions that politics is hopeless.
The outbreak turned out to be tied to hypoglycin, a toxin found in the ackee fruit that inhibits the body’s ability to synthesize glucose, leading to acute hypoglycemia , or low blood glucose levels.
There was no such thing as being safe from danger, not really.
They live in different universes: one where President Trump is the answer, the other where he is the problem.
She also pointed to recent research that suggested one factor was a decline in corporate competition: less creation of new businesses and more corporate consolidation.
I wanted to keep it simple, with a splash of energy.
“Remember, at that point he wasn’t really talking about running for office,” recalls one attendee, former Representative Dan Boren of Oklahoma.
I started planning my wedding in 2015, before I was engaged and before the Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell v. Hodges made marriage equality the law of the land.
Not exactly a bow, and there are Emmys production folks and television industry figures who are telling themselves that during his fleeting appearance at the ceremony, Spicer was being slyly demeaned, not sanitized.
That’s why I need the barre.
Perceptions of discrimination consistently predicted slower declines in cortisol level throughout the day, which is associated with obesity, depression, decreased immune function, cancer and death.
Then he said, ‘And I know, because I spend all day watching them.’” — JIMMY FALLON “Here’s the thing: It can’t be both fake news and an illegal leak of classified information.
In the ultra-​Orthodox school I attended in ninth grade, I was taught to use the bathroom quickly, lest my exposed unmentionables lead me to sinful acts of self-examination.
Thousands of Gambians have tried to make their way to Europe, according to the International Organization for Migration .
The company’s revenue more than doubled, however, to $2.7 billion.
There’s no question, though, Chris loves Chris.
Central to both the antidrug and troop-protection operations are the B-52’s.
Painting offers another method for considering these issues.
I’m 32 and engaged to a man I’ve been with for nearly three years.
Mr. Scaramucci is expected to receive around $180 million from HNA for his stake in SkyBridge.
“The dose which a person could be subjected to, according to the Roshydromet data, is 20,000 times lower than the safe yearly dose, and does not represent any danger whatsoever to people’s health or their lives,” the news release said.
The measures, which threaten to create chaos for Americans flying into Turkey, do not appear to have been enforced at the border so far.
He’s frustrating fodder for that eternal question: How could someone with such elegant, sensitive visions be so unremittingly willful, tyrannical, unfeeling, ungiving?
And because Florida really has seen a rash of iguanas emerging from toilets , Zardulu’s work fit with a larger narrative, which made it seem more plausible.
When Mr. Comey dodged a question on that topic, Ms. Kurka responded with displeasure.
James Forman Jr. , who taught Mr. Betts at Yale, told me that he was “thrilled” to be able to serve as a reference for his application to the bar and that he is “outraged” that his former student wasn’t admitted in the first instance.
She brought on Jerry Teeguarden, the father of the American player Pam Teeguarden and a former coach of Margaret Court.
For Brown, Cloud Computing’s victory was a rebuttal to those who believed that as accomplished as he was as a trainer of turf horses, he still had not figured out how to win where America’s most prestigious races are run: on the dirt.
Transportation Alternatives called for several reforms, including closing as many vehicle access points as possible and installing retractable bollards at crossings that have to remain open.
That’s one crazy turn of events.”
Police radios crackled to life: someone was shooting inside Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center.
So the lab’s director asked Dr. Keyworth to host Dr. Teller and his wife to help bridge the old divide.
To cover up abuses, the White House issues secret waivers of its own ethics rules!
This book is a celebration of both cycling and political activism, and in these turbulent times it’s inspiring to know that when the righteously motivated collectively march, shout, sing and pedal, the powers that be eventually yield.
Weight gain changes metabolism, she said.
While it was a major victory, Mr. Trump’s troubling nominations to the lower courts may be his most lasting legacy.
Ms. Raggi, accompanied by two aides, went unnoticed by the tourists in beachwear and at times had trouble squeezing through the crowd.
On the contrary, the world — and America itself — is increasingly bedeviled by the tribalism that horrified him on a visit to his relatives in Kenya.
We look at the next steps in Republicans’ efforts to repeal the health law, which appeared all but doomed a week ago.
The experiments are already revealing dangers that would have been missed had researchers tried to study individual species in isolation.
Spending an hour in here, which is what one is allotted with the purchase of a $20 ticket, is an emotional journey of inhaling odors that conjure ancient civilizations and one’s own past.
Soon they were planning to replace it with a Yosemite Indian Village, which put the federal government in the silly business of deciding what an “Indian village” ought to look like and who qualified as sufficiently “Yosemite Indian” to live there.
Although this does not explicitly say the special counsel must obey, the Congressional Research Service has interpreted it as meaning the attorney general may countermand proposed actions.
Pekerman’s job has been in doubt at times; James Rodriguez, the symbol of the last World Cup , has lost his way a little.
The state does have some mental health treatment strengths.
Mr. Joseph, 50, is an English teacher at the Brooklyn High School for Leadership and Community Service.
A panel discussion led by Dana Cowin, the former editor of Food & Wine magazine , will explore the future of food.
In January he plans to have his next colonoscopy, a procedure the United States Preventive Services Task Force recommends only in patients 50 to 75.
The Olympic medalist Andre De Grasse has withdrawn from the track and field world championships after failing to overcome a hamstring injury.
“They have been magnificent.” The tone then quickly shifted, as he excoriated both parties and vowed to wrench power away from Washington elites.
The United States failed to produce successful negotiations when it had 100,000 troops in Afghanistan, a poor country with little in the way of natural resources.
1512(c) , which makes it a crime for any person who corruptly “otherwise obstructs, influences or impedes any official proceeding, or attempts to do so.” Congress added this subsection in 2002 as part of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to broaden the reach of the obstruction of justice provision to more clearly include conduct like that involving the accounting firm Arthur Andersen’s shredding of documents related to its audit of Enron.
Pietro stepped to the stern and put the engine in rapid reverse.
This, officially, is why Trump’s Strategic and Policy Forum disbanded after Charlottesville : The protest resignations and political pressure on members had “become a distraction” from its goals of guiding policy.
While black cars have long served Wall Street banks and law firms, they were not for casual or last-minute users because they had to be prearranged.
“Intelligence cooperation is terrific,” he said.
But there is a different story going on in the east, which has become a showcase for populism in its many varieties, widening a fissure in the bloc.
The blunt title of the exquisite “Van Gogh’s Ear,” now at the Pershing Square Signature Center, does not refer to art history’s most notorious act of self-mutilation.
In contrast, Ms. Struthers estimated that a single manufacturing site in Neuchâtel, Switzerland, produced more than 40,000 watches in 1793.
Luke remains a blank screen onto which Offred projects her yearning for the way the world once was.
That’s too risky for me.
Laurie Anderson, who has been performing her story-based multimedia pieces here since MASS MoCA opened, has built a production studio and archive alongside two galleries for rotating exhibitions of work, in another 15-year collaboration.
For Trump, the Senate’s failure to repeal Obamacare was more evidence of Washington dysfunction, and a reason to declare independence from Priebus, the Republicans and political norms.
Offred’s husband, Luke (O-T Fagbenle), for instance, is convinced that the craziness is bound to blow over.
The app does not yet support ceiling lamps in 3-D.
“Joanne,” which opened at No.
As Lacoste and G-40 fought each other to eventually succeed Mr. Mugabe, the president did not give either side his declaration of support.
But we are now in a moment in which millions of immigrants are homeless and denied entry to increasingly xenophobic nations, including the United States.
Over a four-month period, from February through May, at least 58 representatives of the oil and gas industry signed their names on the agency’s visitor logs before meeting with appointees.
“How you decorate your house, your curb appeal — it was all very important where I grew up,” said Ms. Mack, who now has work in the collections of the Whitney Museum of American Art and the Seattle Art Museum, among others.
The rectangular window between the rooms allows them to pick up on each other’s visual cues.
Ferrara did not have the heart to correct them.
On Saturday the government of Somalia, which is a member of the Saudi coalition, also called for an investigation.
His family story, his parents’ treatment of the woman he knew as Lola, her pain and love for all of them, and his trip to take her ashes home make this story unutterably sad.
Mylar Blankets: Full sleeping bags are too cumbersome for an emergency kit, so these are a lighter alternative.
Bahrain, Bangladesh, Ghana, Haiti, Namibia, Panama, the Philippines and Uruguay are building import terminals, according to the International Energy Agency.
“There is an article in the London Times that mentions US is backing setting up a Taliban embassy in Doha,” the diplomat, Mohamed Mahmoud al-Khaja, wrote to Jeffrey Feltman, then Assistant Secretary of State for Near East Affairs.
With the increase viewed as a foregone conclusion, attention has shifted to what comes next.
That’s how things started to spin out.
The last referred to the man with the .44-caliber revolver.
A guy finally admits to his wife that he’s gay, and now he would like to tell the president.
“Fresh blood is needed to ensure that the board has sufficient independence,” Mr. Rees said.
A solo film is scheduled for next year, and with a potential franchise in mind, producers will have to examine his supporting cast.
And almost daily an Iranian-made drone being directed from the back of an R.V.
And so everyone wants in on them, from mutual fund managers who have to keep up with the overall stock market’s performance in order to keep their jobs to individuals who suddenly realize just how essential many of these companies have become to their lives.
The bride’s father is a distinguished research professor of biochemistry and molecular biology at the University of Georgia.
“Usually the cost benefit is it’s worth the money to avoid the hassle.”
” The New York Times.
If there is a connection to the film for me, it’s the looming presence of men in Marnie’s life.
In one case, he defended the federal government in a 2010 civil suit claiming that Customs and Border Protection agents in Honolulu had caused the death of an infant from American Samoa who was detained with his mother while traveling to obtain medical care.
China vehemently opposes the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system, or Thaad, that has already been deployed in South Korea, calling it a threat to its own security.
He became, in a way, Homeland’s paid conscience consultant.
But Ms. Park’s lead attorney, Lee Joong-hwan, said there were no legal grounds for impeachment, citing what he called a lack of evidence.
It is also the latest sign that some investors have not been deterred by the steady drumbeat of allegations linking President Trump’s campaign to the Russian government.
He also complained that nobody ever gives him credit.
In court, union officials at first insisted that what occurred later that month — an effort to press their demands for higher wages and more control over their classrooms — was not a strike but a mass resignation.
Both men “sported powdered hair and had long, youthful faces with pale complexions,” the study said.
But the collapse of another event, the Pemberton Music Festival in the mountains of Canada, has put the business on edge, with veteran talent agents and promoters warning that it could have wide implications for the booming festival market.
212-239-6200, manhattantheatreclub.com THE RED LETTER PLAYS at the Pershing Square Signature Center (previews start on Aug. 22 and 29; open on Sept. 11 and 17).
“Day by day though, we are finding a shared language together.
It was a tactical theme to be replayed numerous times, and Sharapova never stopped applying pressure on her opponent.
Look up their name on the internet and read past the first page of results, way past.
“You can’t wear last year’s trousers.” Instagram has something to do with that, Mr. Cucinelli added.
“It has nothing to do with Trump,” Ms. Stone said.
The new principal owner is Bruce Sherman, but Derek Jeter runs the team as the chief executive.
While internet crackdowns often peak every five years, ahead of a key Chinese Communist Party congress, the efforts this year cover fresh ground, a likely indication that stricter controls of things like VPNs will persist after the congress this autumn.
Mr. Sanabria, a New York percussionist, is a masterful practitioner and a respected historian of Afro-Latin drumming.
And over the next few weeks, you can see blossoming cherry trees for free by visiting Cherry Hill in Central Park or Cherry Walk between 100th and 125th Streets in Riverside Park.
I don’t dare interrupt it.
“This was not what the Vietnamese expected from a polite guest,” said Alexander L. Vuving, a Vietnam specialist at the Daniel K. Inouye Asia-Pacific Center for Security Studies in Hawaii.
That earlier round of sanctions was carefully calibrated between the United States and its European allies to keep everyone on board and preserve a united response to Russia’s land grab in Ukraine.
Dates were muddled, documents missing.
IN the immediate aftermath of one of the worst mass shootings in American history, I sought information about what happened by googling “fully automatic weapons” and “Las Vegas.” Audio recordings from the scene had picked up the utterly distinctive sound of fully automatic gunfire.
China has not demonstrated an ability “to persuade Kim Jong-un to abandon what he is determined to do,” he said.
At the news conference — held near his home neighborhood, Park Slope — he said the 2016 numbers presaged further reductions.
At Zhanbei Elementary in Fuzhou, a southern city, parents and educators have accused the government of abusing children by shutting off hot water and electricity in an effort to force the school to close.
All that the proponents — even the most radical among them — could hope for was that over time, attitudes toward racial differences would “evolve” and that the powerful words “equal protection of the laws” would eventually be interpreted to require public schools to be equal and not separate, instead of “separate but equal” as the Supreme Court had permitted in 1896.
NO PROBLEM fit and worked logically.
Her story, like that of others, is based on her personal testimony but was vetted by international agencies and is consistent with accounts from other Rohingya.
For longtime practitioners, the gap between analog and digital is smaller than it appears: “Everything that you talk about with Instagram and the DSLR,” said Mr. Cossman, referring to filters and editing tools, “it’s meant to mimic what film does.” But even for die-hard enthusiasts, the brave new world of old technology involves a learning curve.
“We have to ask for clear transparency, where you got the money from and where it is going.” The debate about anonymity in the art world has intensified over the past year, fed in part by the release of the so-called Panama Papers , which detailed the use of corporate veils to conceal ownership, dodge taxes and enable crime, its authors say.
He is charged with killing a confidante in her Los Angeles home 17 years ago for fear that she would cooperate with a renewed investigation into the disappearance of his first wife.
(You can call it TV; you’re James Poniewozik!)
Dear Diary: It was September 1961, and I was preparing to enter the United States Army in a few weeks.
“It’s been a lot worse in the past.” While riders seemed rather unfazed as they headed home, some of those tasked with helping them seemed buoyant.
Tapestry will trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TPR, as opposed to the former COH.
The answer is the ESC or “Escape” key.
This posturing has allowed the populists to depict them as aloof elites fighting the Germany of the regular guy.
Le Pen has the facile, vile answers to all this.
“It’s not government, it’s society,” he added.
The Meyerowitzes are paragons of a specifically Manhattan-style liberal tolerance: The scene in which Danny and his sister and father react with complete nonchalance to Eliza’s first student film, a self-starring quasi-pornographic fantasia about a superhero named “Pagina-Man,” is likely to be cited in a good number of culture-conservative think pieces this season.
He studied cultural sciences at the University of Tübingen, where he earned his master’s degree and a doctorate specializing in the history of museums and cultural institutions in the Third Reich.
Students were further radicalized by the killings at Kent State and Jackson State.
It is not the first biography of Kahn, but our critic Dwight Garner said it is “notable for its warm, engaged, literate tone and its psychological acuity.” SPACEMAN OF BOHEMIA , by Jaroslav Kalfar.
To the Editor: Re “ She Faced Cuomo and Got Clemency.
What we want to do is take the crayons away and murmur: “Good boy.
My classmates had been born into a world with private tutors and parents who had planned their successes.
Moreover, governing parties rarely win by-elections over opposition parties; before Copeland, the last time this happened was in 1982.
Before he was even a teenager, Mr. Fieg desperately wanted a pair of Reebok pumps, but his parents couldn’t afford them, so his mother bought him a pair of Asics Gel Lyte III sneakers instead.
It is almost unimaginable that President George W. Bush would have championed a bill that would have harmed Texas relative to other states, or for President Barack Obama to have embraced legislation that took a particular bite out of his birth state, Hawaii, or adopted hometown, Chicago.
“It’s great that the highfliers are succeeding, and they deserve the chance to succeed.
In Vancouver — where cyclists wear helmets and nobody carries a concealed weapon — I’ve often wondered if in our youthfulness we also lack the maturity to see our own hypocrisies.
In the big picture none of these things really made a dent in Mr. Zuckerberg’s expanding kingdom.
You can receive it via email .
And I’ve got an opponent who is deliberately — let’s just say this for the record — putting politics over public safety on this one.
Although there was evidence of deceit, Judge Loretta A. Preska of the Federal District Court in Manhattan reversed the convictions by finding there was no fraudulent intent because “the evidence was not sufficient for a rational jury to find that the alleged misrepresentations went to an essential element of the contract or that they exposed the Port Authority to potential or actual economic harm.” Under this analysis, if the party to a contract gets the benefit of the bargain it sought — here, the erection of the steel structures — then any deception about other terms of the agreement are not enough to prove a scheme to defraud.
Federal prosecutors said on Tuesday that they would not pursue criminal charges against the New York City police officers involved in the 2012 shooting death of a 28-year-old taxi driver, Mohamed Bah.
I stared at the empty spot where my stereo had proudly sat just a few moments before.
His death was confirmed by Edward A. Friedland, the court executive for the United States Court for the Southern District of New York in Manhattan, where Judge Griesa had worked for four decades.
You might come to understand, like she did, that a good recipe is like capturing of perfume of a particular time and place.
“Starboy” had just 12,000 sales as a full album in the United States last week, but its songs were streamed 53.4 million times, according to Nielsen data.
The German critic Theodor Adorno dismissed Weill’s American music as the work of a tunesmith and sellout, and much German thought followed in that vein.
Where would hurt the least, and soonest erase my suffering.
Mr. DeMarco’s freewheeling, wide-scale debut also came on the heels of a more self-serious moment in the genre, which was dominated by headliners like Animal Collective, Arcade Fire and Dirty Projectors.
The German oil company Wintershall reached an interim agreement to settle a dispute with the National Oil Corporation of Libya last week to resume production in two fields that potentially could combine to increase output by 160,000 barrels a day.
(Thursday): 82 Prospect Street (Sands Street), Dumbo, Brooklyn, 646-383-3623, randolphbeer.com .
We want to get more of your voices in California Today.
The Chinese government has taken a number of small steps over the past year to rein in borrowing.
Her powder blue trailer was, bizarrely, untouched.
Ike Perlmutter Mr. Perlmutter, the chief executive of Marvel Comics, who is so reclusive that there are few public photographs of him, has been informally advising Mr. Trump on veterans issues.
She replied, “Every conservative guy out there believes in everybody’s rights.” I shouted back, “That is a lie!” Then I hit her with a rolled-up newspaper, demonstrating exactly how bad I am at the whole listening thing.
paves the way for China to advance its own Asian free-trade deal, the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership.
I love the wind, I love the heat, I love the water, I love all these physical things.
Mr. Khan, for his part, is fighting Brexit from the capital: trying to insulate a city that didn’t want what is coming.
In addition to being a risk for heart disease, hypertension can lead to kidney disease, heart failure and aneurysm.
They, too, will be moderate in alcohol, but their richer, more complex flavors will go well with the turkey and sides.
And his tunings, geared in the program’s first half to Thomas Morley and William Byrd but later carried deeper into the 17th century for John Blow and Henry Purcell, were just one way he kept listeners off balance.
What’s the best book you’ve ever received as a gift?
“The iPhone is a pocket computer,” he once noted, “and we had pocket computers in ‘Mote in God’s Eye’ in 1972.” Dr. Pournelle’s first novel, “Red Heroin,” appeared in 1969 under the pen name Wade Curtis.
When Boris Johnson, as mayor of London, considered clamping down on Uber in 2015, for example by imposing a minimum waiting time of five minutes on riders, some 200,000 Londoners signed a petition in protest and he was reportedly told to back off.
(Graphic novel; ages 8 to 12) At the 2015 Academy Awards, one nominee for Best Animated Short Film stood out.
That echoes Mr. Trump’s antitrust chief, Makan Delrahim, and the Justice Department’s November lawsuit to block the deal, which asserted that the merger would leave millions of television viewers paying more and would slow innovations like video streaming.
Ms. Brownstein’s film is among 10 finalists for the Tribeca X Award , along with others paid for by Apple and BMW.
Mr. Castile, who was licensed to carry a weapon, told Officer Yanez he had a gun after being pulled over.
“I am glad it’s done,” she said.
“Enjoy!” Little became clearer in daylight hours.
It’s a theme he returns to again and again in the book, as does his desire to have children.
This is odd, as City Center has presented plenty of unready works in the past.
He was holding a cane and was helped by an aide as he entered the courthouse.
He is also a relative newcomer to smaller-budget films.
Even a fragile macaron, which looks like it might fossilize within an hour of existence, must be left a day or two after baking to give it that classic seesaw of crackle and deflation, shatter and chew.
But she said she was eager to return to her spot on the river.
En 2007, un tribunal donna raison à Mme Bazzini, une affaire décrite par Jules B. Farber dans le livre “James Baldwin: Escape From America, Exile in Provence.” Shannon Cain, la romancière américaine à la tête de la campagne pour faire de la propriété une résidence pour écrivains, dit que c’est une tribune parue en mars 2016 dans Le Monde, “ La France doit sauver la maison de James Baldwin ”, de l’écrivain Thomas Chatterton Williams, qui l’a poussée à essayer de sauver la maison.
For those who enjoyed U.C.L.A.’s traveling show of preserved features last month , there’s more where that came from.
These institutions are right to resist becoming part of “the opposition,” because society needs nonpartisan institutions.
Vasko writes, “Through lamentation, voice is given to pain.” Yet our lamenting, our mourning for those who suffer, is far too short-lived.
For sustenance, keep in mind Little Pub Greenwich , a pleasant 20-minute walk from the museum.
Andrew M. Cuomo to station troopers in New York City.
His teammate Blas Pérez tries to get to the ball, but a defender hauls him down, and another lying on the goal line blocks its path into the net.
The Cold War shows what can happen when such notions get perverted for the sake of power, influence and control.
Una lettera anonima inviata all’ambasciata italiana a Berna, in Svizzera, l’anno scorso e poi pubblicata su un giornale italiano, ha offerto un’altra spiegazione: Regeni si è trovato nel mezzo ad una guerra per il territorio condotta nell’ombra tra agenzia di sicurezza nazionale e servizi segreti militari, nella quale un gruppo ha usato la sua morte per mettere in imbarazzo l’altro gruppo.
Pollution worsened with the rapid development of manufacturing.
Encouraging homeownership, meanwhile, is probably a higher priority than the fat tax breaks that higher income people can take advantage of with 529 college savings plans (though there was a near-revolt two years ago when President Barack Obama tried to mess with that system.)
All tournaments hinge on how the host country copes when its team is eliminated.
It seems to me that many people now understand that white wine usually is a better match.
“At this stage, all I know is that the most likely motivation behind the assassination could have been financial disputes between Mr. Karimian and his wide networks of business partners from Dubai to Malaysia,” said Ali Vaez , the senior Iran analyst for the Crisis Group, a research institute focusing on international affairs.
Regarded in art circles as a comeback for Mr. Hirst, the Biennale exhibition is his first major show of new work in 10 years.
On the Lists menu, tap the plus (+) icon.
I can take off all the masks in this space.
It finds this Havana-born virtuoso percussionist and vocalist collaborating with Wynton Marsalis, the jazz trumpeter; Rubén Blades, the salsa vocalist; and Telmary Díaz, the Cuban rapper.
It was predicated on the excesses of the magazine business, of a time when editors still had time and money to burn.
The aides would not say how much Mr. Obama will be paid per speech, but former President Bill Clinton averaged more than $200,000 per speech between 2001 and 2015; former President George W. Bush is reportedly paid $100,000 to $175,000 for each appearance.
… Each book sold fewer copies than the one before, and while the critics remained mostly respectful, many reviewers seemed to agree that my earlier books had felt far more urgent than these later ones.
The ruling on Wednesday will give businesses more confidence that they could win a case on appeal if they come under investigation, said Veronica Roberts, a London-based partner at Herbert Smith Freehills, a law firm.
This time they charged him with resisting arrest and placed him in detention.
At 630 pages in its French edition, it is driven by the story of Carrère’s earlier pursuit of Christianity more than two decades ago, when, during a period of personal anguish — unable to write, mired in a failing marriage and seeking relief from depression — he became a devout Christian, one who went to church daily, wrote dozens of journals devoted to his verse-by-verse study of the Gospel of John, prayed fervently and, after three or four years, lost his way again, his belief fading.
What are the motivations behind international phone scams?
The Senate may now counter the looming filibuster by reducing the vote threshold to a simple majority of 51.
The provincial governor of Zabul, Bismillah Afghanmal, said that as many as 1,000 Taliban fighters stormed the police outposts in the Shajoy district, along the highway to the regional hub of Kandahar, in an early morning attack.
Whereas a non-polarizing president might tell his most extreme supporters to chill, a polarizing president needs them to freak.
This book is an invaluable resource, and I have a particularly soft spot for it; it led to my lifelong love affair with Parmigiano-Reggiano.
“I will not sit with ease until all accused are punished according to the law,” Mr. Sharif said at a news conference.
He took them to a handful of prewar rentals.
“Maybe you know what the decision will be next week,” Mutko said Friday.
The legislation also strengthens efforts to detect and prevent passport fraud.
The movie, slated for release in 2018, is about “a Princess who doesn’t fit into the celebrity world of princesses — or their dress size,” Locus Corporation, the South Korean studio that produced the film, said on its website.
The coalition has taken most of the Syrian city of Raqqa, which had been the capital of the Islamic State’s self-proclaimed caliphate, and the Syrian government is attacking other positions closer to the Iraqi border.
20A: I love this clue.
It’s on its way to President Trump’s desk, and he celebrated its passage at the White House, above.
Of course, you can always go low-tech and keep a sleep diary — and to help you out, here is the handy NYT sleep diary you can print for all your tracking needs .
Then there was Nate Dogg , who died in 2011 at the age of 41, after a stroke.
I want him to fail in all pursuits that are racist, sexist or driven by xenophobia.
And then in 2003, Ms. Davis, a former lawyer for CBS, learned she had invasive cancer.
They described how their smuggler had tossed them overboard as their boat approached Shabwa, on the Yemeni coast.
On Thursday, he sent a tweet suggesting that the Senate Intelligence Committee investigate the “Fake News Networks.” The Justice Department plans to retry a left-wing protester, Desiree Fairooz, who was arrested for laughing at Sessions during his confirmation hearing and whose conviction for disorderly and disruptive conduct was tossed out by a judge in July.
The Arkansas quartet Pallbearer comes closer to capturing the uncanny allure of pop music at 16 r.p.m.
That is the other key way this race differs from a presidential primary: Statewide primaries can turn on relationships or connections to the candidates themselves.
The Trump administration has already said it would support congressional efforts to nullify the arbitration rule.
The data from Tuesday’s audit was published on a new government “Ethnicity Facts and Figures” website , which will be kept up-to-date by a specialist unit, the prime minister’s office said in a statement.
There will be people who believe there were too many Zs (Did I mention that he managed to cram four of them in there?).
It was at the time when Quinn wanted out of the C.I.A.
“This is a team sport, it gets kind of subjective when you have to pick out individuals.” LIGO, he said, is very deserving.
There is a right to speak on the campus, but there is no right to come into my classroom and shout me down.
“I’m not scared,” she said.
German leaders met Thursday night for more than two hours in their latest effort to end the country’s political deadlock since inconclusive September elections and the collapse of coalition talks led by Chancellor Angela Merkel nearly two weeks ago.
Nobody was injured and the house was repaired.
Click here for more information about this journey , and I hope to see you there.
As one of the doctors swabbed the wounded area to apply a bandage, I asked if I could help hold some gauze in place.
Well, if you look at his portraits, they’re all paper dolls.
I guess this never really happened before.” Maddon was right; the Cubs are, indeed, the first defending champion to take no players from the championship team to the next year’s All-Star Game.
Since then beginning of May, Sock has gone a 10-10 record.
News of the deal comes at a time of heightened competition and volatility in the online luxury space, as new and established players jostle aggressively for market share.
What’s at the heart of him is still a punk attitude.
New York’s version of the parklet is the result of a partnership between the city’s Transportation Department and local groups, including real estate developers, property owners and small businesses, including coffee shops and pizzerias.
Mindy Kaling had just become the first Indian-American to star in her own series (“The Mindy Project”), and Mr. Kondabolu thought he’d use that breakthrough to talk about Apu, South Asian stereotypes and the struggles of Indians in Hollywood.
“You see who is hurt, who’s tired or who’s spitting mad.
■ I wasn’t sure who the “Actor who won comedy and drama Emmys for the same role” might be, but I already had the S in the second square and took an educated guess: It’s Ed ASNER, for his role as Lou Grant.
In the 1990s, those songs were pop contenders; in the 2010s, when the Top 10 is filled with digital sounds and Auto-Tuned voices, the songs are probably destined for Americana stations, AAA — Adult Album Alternative — radio and still, possibly, country stations.
The most gruesome occurred in late November 1967 near the outpost of Dak To in northern Kontum Province in the Central Highlands.
Thanks to Connecticut’s decades-old franchise laws, new cars can be sold only through licensed franchises independent of carmakers.
Through the whole late 20th century, “existential” floated through American conversation mostly as a kind of mush — a loose gesture in the general direction of a loosely grasped idea, something perhaps half-remembered from a film review or philosophy course, something about cigarette smoke and French intellectuals and the grim absurdity of constructing meaning in a universe totally indifferent to our presence.
College administrators need to realize that.” The Class of 2017 Job prospects have improved from the dark days of the downturn, but that is a low bar — and real prosperity is slipping further out of reach, according to The Editorial Board.
“Any lover relationship has that, particularly between men and women,” she said.
Though Ms. Albrecht has trained thousands of people over the past 20 years, she still hears stories about animal-control officers who will chase animals for hours.
“As time went on and as the emotional side subsided, the excitement started to come in.
A lot of the credit for the decline belongs to health and education officials who have been coming up with new approaches to educate young people about sex and get them to make better decisions.
“This was trying to be too clever by half,” said Daniel C. Kurtzer, a Princeton professor and former American ambassador to Israel and Egypt.
His shorn-sided haircut and stricken expression mark him as someone Big Brother would surely have put out of circulation already.
The dye is so harmless that the family uses it to water the garden, while the remaining plant material serves as mulch.
While Oklahoma’s attorney general, Mr. Pruitt frequently sued the E.P.A.
Once, after a farmer explained that he had to remove a tree, the police found that logs had been hollowed out to conceal a large shipment of heroin.
Collins pieced together the eighth with the right-hander Addison Reed, who has yet to walk a batter this season, and the left-hander Jerry Blevins.
Now, after several regional wars and a surge in sectarian strife, that consensus has been shattered.
This was good at pointing out the change in tone and metaphor: It is now obviously lazy not to fight your own body!
As soon as news started leaking that President Trump, who campaigned on ending the program, would deliver on his promise, the questions came flooding in.
Judge Brinkley’s ruling Monday came after a prosecutor and a probation officer had recommended against prison time.
“Rawda is the link between the refugees and the center,” Ms. Hassan said.
Of those, 11 were also in “Wack.” Many of the rest may well be unfamiliar to visitors who confine their information-gathering to the New York-Europe circuit.
Pakistan’s politically powerful Army has urged the government to move cautiously.
“The risk now is the possibility of a larger eruption.” _____ • “There are snakes everywhere!” That was just one of the horrified residents of Bangkok.
“Since he’s come on, we’ve had so much work to do that you sort of get lost in the work,” Hill said.
Much of the regional groundwater system that feeds these protected features comes from the flanks of Yucca Mountain , some 70 miles or so to the north.
Super Bowl Sunday is approaching, and if you’re gearing up to watch the big game, you’re probably thinking about snacks.
The culprit is not economic inequality per se.
“But I don’t think the North is interested in talking,” Mr. Cha said.
• Who owns the moon?
The American Health Care Act would let people get government subsidies much higher up the income scale — up to about $150,000.
But each automaker has a 200,000-vehicle allotment for the federal tax credits, a limit that Tesla and GM will reach by 2018, according to some estimates.
Our minder told us to stand in a circle around the room’s large table.
The writer Chris Kraus called the novel “brilliant and barely speculative” and labeled it “the first book of the Trump era.” (For readers longing for a sliver of utopia, slightly less alarming visions of the future can be found in Kim Stanley Robinson’s “New York 2140,” in which the city is partly submerged by rising oceans but remains vibrant; and Cory Doctorow’s darkly funny “Walkaway,” a forthcoming novel about an idealistic man’s search for purpose in a country that has been leveled by extreme weather, economic disparity and the collapse of civil society.)
Sessions and his allies had girded for a coordinated attack on his civil rights record, but Democrats tempered their criticism and Republicans mounted a pre-emptive defense, describing him repeatedly as a man of integrity.
“Before the 19th Party Congress, Xi wants to make sure he gets as many seats as possible at the Politburo level,” Mr. Bo said.
‘‘Things may happen that Sisi does not approve of,’’ he said.
“New York is the poster child for congestion,” said Bill Booth, a senior adviser to the United States Energy Information Administration .
Another would be to reconsider America’s reflexive opposition to new bids for statehood.
Stan Wawrinka lost, 7-6 (1), 6-4, to John Isner, who served up 19 aces.
The latter form the actual heart of the book, but it’s the stuff in the story (the couture, the custom-made) and what it represents to those around it that is particularly telling.
That is a voluntary designation, requiring executives to take into account not just how decisions will affect profit and shareholders, but also how they will affect the public, generally defined as society or the environment.
But most of these shots are dismissive and shallow, and imply that vulgarity is a greater crime than economic unfairness.
• Beijing hosts the opening ceremony of the Asian Financial Cooperation Association , bringing together 107 global institutions from around the globe.
If you don’t get it in your inbox already, you can sign up to receive it by email here .
Ms. Holdman ran several chapters of the American Civil Liberties Union in the 1970s, a period when the United States Supreme Court struck down death penalty laws, and state legislatures raced to rewrite them.
This Documenta is the first to be divided between two locations, Kassel and Athens.
Cindy reveled in having a lover for the first time in 30 years.
The president’s plan to build a border wall was part of a contentious budget fight this year.
• Recipe of the day: For a busy night, fast tandoori chicken will get the job done right.
Knowing I gave them permission to go on that risky journey, I will live with the guilt forever,” Mr. Anne said.
He is a son of Elaine M. DeLaney and Gerald V. DeLaney of Medford, N.J.
The request to dismiss the indictment against Mr. Wey was made in a brief court filing on Tuesday afternoon.
The inferno that roared through the Iroquois Theater in Chicago on the afternoon of Dec. 30, 1903, started onstage — sparked, it seems, by a light, then fed by highly flammable scenery.
That’s why they have emergency generators.
It depends on the state, and the circumstances.
In the absence of WntA, the white lines expand into the areas between the veins, replacing the distinctive orange pigment.
“If you had talent in the past and lost it, with us you have more chance of rediscovering the pleasure of playing football.” That is not to say Rivère is running some sort of corrective institution for the chronically wayward.
For luxury homes, asking prices have declined by roughly 5 percent since 2015 in most parts of Switzerland, Mr. Saputelli estimated, and sales prices have declined an additional 10 to 20 percent.
He received a master’s degree in piano performance from the Manhattan School of Music.
Writing down your answers “puts you in touch with what you’re good at,” Dr. Seligman explained.
Phishers cannot create a page on the equifax.com domain, so if the website were hosted there instead, it would be easy for users to tell that the page was legitimate.
But as with any major system update, expect some bugs at first.
A conviction under that provision can be punished by up to 20 years in prison.
Mrs. Kennedy, he said, worked as a photojournalist and had an interest in Washington life before she met her husband, President John F. Kennedy.
Prosecutors said Mr. Wills spent the money on items like a Louis Vuitton handbag, Dunkin’ Donuts and terry cloth slippers.
On today’s episode: • Michael D. Shear traces the decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement to its beginning.
Tune in, and tell us what you think.
The extension of cap-and-trade through 2030, approved last month, showed the division between some California Republicans and national Republicans on climate change.
The central bank is expected to pare the more than $4 trillion of Treasuries and mortgage securities it bought after the 2008 financial crisis to keep interest rates low and to help revive the economy.
remained one of the most popular and influential performers in comedy – he has won multiple Emmy Awards for his stand-up specials and his semi-autobiographical FX series, “Louie” – rumors about his misconduct had persisted for several years.
Is Apple doing better in China?
The labor representatives also said the deal bore scrutiny because of the past record of cooperation between PSA and G.M.
“Make Trouble” is your reprinted speech to the graduating students of Rhode Island School of Design.
The awards will be presented on Oct. 9 at the Skirball Center for the Performing Arts — a change of venue for the itinerant ceremony, which after years at the Apollo Theater moved last year to the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
Mr. Morales said that the sit-in counter will be fully reconstructed and will look as it did in the ‘60s.
His firm also took care of Mr. Trump’s $10 million Super Puma helicopter.
The issue of CNN’s editorial independence arose late last month at a dinner Mr. Bewkes attended with AT&T board members in Dallas.
They have recently taken them on the road to other major Argentine cities as well as to Uruguay, with plans to expand soon to Chile, Mexico and the United States.
They also have been admirable in their commitment to the pay-as-you-go principle in recent major legislation, which at least keeps us from digging the hole deeper.
“That’s the coward’s way out.” Mr. Cuomo and Mr. Trump have a decades-long personal history, dating to the 1980s, when Mr. Trump was a developer and donor to Mr. Cuomo’s father, former Gov.
While Mr. Musk has said the employee-only sales strategy was meant to reward Tesla’s work force, analysts have surmised that it was also a way to discover and correct quality problems before the vehicle is made available to the public.
Democrats not only oppose a rollback, but say some areas require stronger rules.
Revlon no longer sells in China.
Now, the Taliban have apparently managed to obtain the same technology.
The Kaiser Family Foundation said Thursday that 4.5 million people could obtain insurance at essentially no cost next year because they are eligible for financial assistance that could pay the entire cost of a bronze plan, the minimum level of coverage that meets federal requirements.
We actually opened with what looked like the early days of his alter ego, a flashback that found a young Elliot coldly rejecting his dying father and claiming the signature jacket for himself.
His administration let it be known that it would soon unleash tariffs on steel aimed at constraining China’s massive sales of cheap product on world markets.
He has summoned witnesses before a federal grand jury in Washington to gather information about Paul J. Manafort, the former Trump campaign chairman; Michael T. Flynn, the retired general and former national security adviser; and other associates of Mr. Trump.
Still, Rainer Wendt, national chairman of the German Police Union, called the 140,000 open warrants alarming.
“Bresha is incredibly relieved and feeling optimistic about her life for the first time,” Mr. Friedman said Tuesday.
After Mr. Rizieq failed to respond to summonses — and was discovered to be in Saudi Arabia — the police declared him to be a fugitive.
“I want to see him effective in public life,” he said.
I like to use a method called butter-steamed, which essentially means simmered in a shallow butter-and-water bath, covered, over high heat.
Falling oil prices and years of economic mismanagement have left many Venezuelans facing shortages of food and basic medicines, setting off widespread protests.
Most pressing is the need to bring back hundreds of thousands of displaced Sunni civilians.
She just makes a connection.
“They don’t have a designated role.” The Dodgers, like many teams, have also embraced the use of the new 10-day disabled list, which can keep starters fresh by giving them downtime to deal with minor injuries while missing only a start or two.
“In the last few days,” Mr. Anderssen said with a smile, “we’ve learned a lot.” Sitting outside the Sagrada Família, the eccentric basilica that is perhaps Barcelona’s most memorable building, the two Norwegians were not alone.
Atlanta may be short-handed the rest of the way as Tevin Coleman, one of Atlanta’s two star running backs, was forced from the game with an injury to his left ankle on the Falcons’ previous drive.
His best melodies have often crystallized better away from the piano.
More than half of them are in their 80s or older.
Conservation groups have already threatened to contest the rule in court.
That is proving especially difficult for Republicans to accomplish in the time frame that Mr. Trump once called for.
“This has haunted me my entire life,” said Ms. Exiner d’Amore, now 62, who was in her early 20s at the time of the alleged rape.
Adjoining the party space is a smaller room where brides sometimes change and the apartment complex stores chairs and tables for big dinners.
The common ones — decongestants, cough suppressants — really don’t work in the first place.
This became a running joke, especially at mealtimes.
And as sea level rises, the impact of storm surges from hurricanes would be expected to worsen, because the surges are on top of a higher baseline.
And her high-profile service as the nation’s top diplomat at the United Nations could help propel her if she decides to pursue a return to elective office.
Picnic tables are built into shallow pools for games of Chinese chess and mah-jongg; musical acts perform on the water stage.
my full attention.” • He also made a reference to Jay Z’s “4:44,” saying, “I’m not the man I thought I was and I better be that man for my children.” ( Those aren’t the exact lyrics .)
It was not clear whether a meeting to discuss the hacking had been scheduled for Tuesday or, if so, why it did not occur.
The Jobs You’re Most Likely to Inherit From Your Mother and Father The tendency of sons to follow in their fathers’ occupational footsteps is well known, but the effect of mothers is also powerful, it turns out.
At the time, she was devastated.
We hadn’t ordered any of these tapas, but in Granada, locals rarely do.
In Iowa, Democratic turnout was far higher than Republican turnout, improving the Democratic share of the electorate by 14 points since the last midterm election.
“I’ve been learning a lot,” she said, and working toward becoming “more comfortable around this movement of feminism that I always felt didn’t particularly include Muslim women.” The organizers appeared on the hip-hop radio morning show “The Breakfast Club” and loaded their Instagram page with black feminist heroes.
That seems to be the case in Ms. Rivera’s work on America, judging by the early reviews.
We just bought our house in April.
Or, they said, Pyongyang may have simply chosen to avoid a confrontation.
Four years ago, Farah chose a biography of Davis to fulfill a summer reading requirement, said her mother, Ercilla Hendrix.
The dangerous dispute between Qatar and other Arab gulf states, chiefly Saudi Arabia, has gone on for three weeks, diverting attention from fighting the Islamic State and other serious challenges.
And yet, you collect the same paycheck of a cast member who appears throughout the entire show?” Mr. Baldwin appeared at last as Mr. Trump in a parody of “The People’s Court,” to which the president turns after an appeals court refused to reinstate his travel ban.
If you want to use it, you’ve got to leave the theater, and you’ve got to go to a special phone zone.
What else are you interested in?
“Today, it’s not like we’re just yelling at a tower where he may or may not emerge,” said Alex Kramer, 26, an actor from Fort Greene, Brooklyn, who runs Action Party, an organization working to mobilize voters around opposing Trump policies.
■ 17A/6D: I love that MOONLIGHT is crossing the 2017 best supporting actor in that movie, Mahershala ALI.
In February he suggested that the Dallas Cowboys trade up to draft him, annoying some in Cleveland, though the comments were later said to be a joke.
That look evolved — sadly she moved from Patti Smith’s tie and blazer to the Dude’s stained T-shirt and sweatpants.
Waiting to see if I of all people — flesh of his flesh — will understand.
“Manly Health and Training” was first published in 13 parts under the “Mose Velsor” byline in the fall of 1858.
Novella Nelson, a powerful and versatile actress whose long career included prominent roles in the hit Broadway musical “Purlie” in 1970 and the film “Antwone Fisher” more than 30 years later, died on Aug. 31 in Brooklyn.
Eventually, they learn to build more effective machine learning.
It has a dedicated Wi-Fi band, or connection, in which only the router and satellites can talk to each other; no other devices can interfere with their connection.
“That’s always been one of our strengths is having two lines where your opponents are not quite sure which line they want to check or which is the most dangerous,” Quenneville said.
But who will pay for that in this pro-development world is anyone’s guess.
(Want to get this briefing by email?
Mr. Trump this week rescinded Mr. Obama’s program protecting immigrants who were brought to the country illegally as minors on the grounds that it went beyond a president’s authority.
He hasn’t sold any cans since his dispute with FIFA started.
It confounds our impressions of the past, the legacies of slavery, and the reality of Jim Crow.
The issue of how women are treated in kitchens mainly comes up secondhand because Agg isn’t a chef.
Ms. Lieberman praised the state’s decision not to defend.
In cases of sexual assault, cheap grace is doubly dangerous: It can allow a guilty party to continue his abuse while victims stay silent in fear of punishment.
Their first date was on the rooftop at Wokcano, a restaurant in Santa Monica.
Is there a rule of thumb to decide if it’s worth it financially?
In recent days, Mr. Turnbull, who has seized on Mr. Zahab’s arrest as “yet another reminder of the enduring threat we face from Islamist terrorism,” has ramped up his language, declaring his country’s objective is to kill Islamic State fighters.
A survey released in 2013 by Yale researchers found that 45 percent of Chinese international students on campus reported symptoms of depression, and 29 percent reported symptoms of anxiety.
He is shown to be patient with Data.
“They wrapped a thin mat around his body, tied it with tape, and approximately 10 officers kicked him and beat him with sticks, a golf club, and a fire extinguisher on his ribs and upper body,” the report said.
The Trump administration had no qualms about condemning North Korea’s shameful treatment of Otto Warmbier.
Kurdistan and Yugoslavia’s borders were fixed when the defeated Ottoman and Austro-Hungarian empires were carved up at the end of World War I.
In the case of images like this, the prosecutor is history, and the trial may be a long one, stretching far into the future, with many witnesses called.
Altruistic punishment flares when there is an inequitable allocation of resources or a transgression of cultural traditions — all threats to social coherence.
And thus it underscores a recent trend in high-end fashion toward empowering the design side of the business.
colleagues on the West Coast when he learned that he was fired from a TV news report.
Jeff Baron,” as the children call him) estimates that he has read “Electro-Pup” to 2,000 children in 11 schools, spanning multiple states.
We’ll know then whether the television ad and other campaign materials helped sway enough minds to determine the outcome.
The buckwheat flour is the more prominent flavor, adding an earthy, almost woodsy character.
• U.S. stocks were strong .
As he walked with his wife though a park in Sumter, not far from the base, Harold Gonzales, who flew F-16s for two decades, said he was pleased not only that Mr. Trump had made good on his campaign pledge, but that he had proposed a budget at all after five years when sequestration had determined the armed forces spending.
And big business groups are lining up to support the White House efforts.
No spasms of deep longing when I pass her empty bed, neatly made since she left for college in August.
The first Locol was planted in the Watts neighborhood of Los Angeles early last year, on Martin Luther King’s Birthday.
I call them my Jack boots because they look like what Jack was wearing in “Titanic” when he had to take his shoes off and throw them on the deck before he saved Rose.
The White House declined to comment, but some of Mr. Trump’s advisers say he harbors a handful of conspiracy theories that have no grounding in fact.
As a Mormon he learned to be wary of the government, and especially the way it can persecute minorities.
In a phone interview, Anna Kinberg Batra, the leader of the opposition Moderate Party, said a no-confidence vote in one or more ministers was possible.
Virginia’s governor, Terry McAuliffe, cited a police estimate that 80 percent of the protesters and counterprotesters were armed, and that the militias, who described themselves as neutral peacekeepers, had arsenals superior to that of the police.
The actors tend to adopt one tone and stick with it.
The semifinal first legs will be May 2 and 3 in Madrid and Monaco, with the second legs on May 9 and 10.
• Cathay Pacific could be forced into another round of cost-cutting as one of its worst losses looms.
For the millions of readers of the weekly Jet and the monthly Ebony, he was more than a front-line reporter.
Before the exercise, Russia said the drills would involve fewer than 13,000 troops engaged in a counterterrorism scenario in Belarus, the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad, the Baltic Sea region and around St. Petersburg.
The Romanian soprano Brigitta Kele, who also made her company debut last year, as Musetta, makes a vivid impression in that role, though her glittering voice tended to tighten at the top on Monday.
There had been no indication of distress from the plane, and the weather was clear, though “a little breezy,” said Daniel Boggs, an investigator with the National Transportation Safety Board, which is investigating the accident.
China can be stopped only by its own internal demons.
It was a sobering reality check for a group that, despite years of fiery defiance and arms supplies from Iran, cannot rule Gaza without help from Fatah, the rival faction that controls the Palestinian Authority and was driven out of Gaza in violent clashes 10 years ago.
“This could be the symbolic end for independently promoted festivals,” he said.
“We never want to see a business leave our city,” he said, “but I’m proud that we raised the wage — because a higher minimum wage means a stronger economy, and more opportunity for everyone.” He added: “And we know our plan works, because L.A.’s economy is surging.” (Please note: We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers.)
Out on Nebraska’s prairie, the high school students in Cody came together to open Circle C Market in 2013, selling goods out of a building made of straw bales.
If instead of its recent dividend yield of about 8 percent the units were priced on the S.&P.
One woman in Kentucky achieved a special kind of catharsis: shouting at Senator Mitch McConnell, the majority leader, over health coverage for coal miners, among other issues.
Specifically, they are asked, “If the world was coming to an end and we were to send one last message out into the cosmos that summed up the beauty of life on Earth, what would it be?” How would you answer this question?
The third big domestic automaker, Fiat Chrysler, has lagged.
It is no longer clear whether the Fed will raise its benchmark interest rate again this year.
Catherine Stubberfield, a spokeswoman for the United Nations refugee agency in the Australian capital, Canberra, said the understanding had not been reached in a single meeting but had emerged during a series of negotiations.
And there was that memorable July afternoon in 2011 when Derek Jeter went 3-for-3 against him, including a long home run for his 3,000th hit.
In answering critics of his efforts on school integration , Mayor Bill de Blasio, a Democrat, has largely blamed New York City’s residential patterns for the problem, because most children go to elementary school near their homes.
The rollback has not been felt on farms like Indian Ladder, which lies at the foot of the Helderberg escarpment, between the Adirondacks and the Catskills.
Once we loaded into the motorcade and began the journey to Mokolo, a helicopter appeared overhead — additional security.
And we, with too little focus, are getting 50 percent out of our superior system.
The United States territory has been in a recession for more than a decade.
Last April, Charger, White Eyes and a few One Mind teenagers and mentors helped establish a tiny “prayer camp” just off the Dakota Access route, on the north end of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation.
“Yeah, I think for now,” she said.
Reviving the draft, abandoned in 1973, would mean that most American families have skin in the game when their political leaders embroil the country in a war of choice.
Congregants were aware of the controversy but seemingly unperturbed by it as speakers declared the church would continue to fight for the truth it says can be found in the Bible.
in 1996, and he worked as an organized crime investigator in New York, where he was also a member of a SWAT team.
But in Westeros, whenever we get overconfident, our legs can be swept out from underneath us, leaving us in the hands of a villain who can squash us like a bug.
The policies Donald Trump talked about in the campaign, if enacted, would take a different route to the same disturbing place.
Turkey has itself said the case could derail a migration pact between Greece and Turkey that has helped to stem the flow of migrants between Turkey and Europe significantly.
Studies indicate that the effort to communicate the emotion is driven by a desire for closeness with others.
“It’s tens of thousands per leg, but there’s always the odd stuff, too: a tire, a net, a Styrofoam cooler, a halogen light.
Sunday’s referendum also proved that Mr. Erdogan lost support in almost all major urban centers, including Istanbul, where he has never lost an election since he ran for mayor in 1994.
Google mixes up my birth date, biographical details, photos and published books with those of another Rosemary Stevens, resulting in inaccurate information about us both.
A former Oklahoma attorney general who built his career suing the E.P.A., and whose LinkedIn profile still describes him as “a leading advocate against the EPA’s activist agenda,” Mr. Pruitt has made it clear that he sees his mission to be dismantling the agency’s policies — and even portions of the institution itself.
United, however, Iranians ultimately triumph by using their willpower to create a giant wave that sinks the entire American Fifth Fleet.
Towel: Ride enough and you will arrive at work moist from either sweat or rain.
As Thanksgiving approaches, write to us at cookingcare@nytimes.com .
“I think he consistently has said, and I think many people who look at this say, ‘Gosh, you’re going to repeal this huge, dramatic thing and not have a replacement on the same day?’” Mr. Paul said on Monday.
Nobody is cheering the challenges that we have in the system.” The Trump administration cut back efforts to encourage enrollment in health plans under the Affordable Care Act, is loosening enforcement of the requirement for people to have coverage and has refused to say if it will continue paying the subsidies.
The supporting acting prizes went to Viola Davis for her work in “Fences,” about a Pittsburgh family in the 1950s, and Mr. Ali for his portrayal of a sympathetic drug dealer in “Moonlight,” which also collected the adapted screenplay Oscar, for Mr. Jenkins and Tarell Alvin McCraney.
“We devoutly hope and are working hard to get to that goal, but all these things — population reduction, culture change and rehabilitation, and building the physical plant — are all things that have to happen no matter what, and they have to happen now.” The mayor’s proposal comes nearly three months after an independent commission that was led by New York’s former chief judge, Jonathan Lippman, and created by the Council speaker, Melissa Mark-Viverito, released its plan to close Rikers.
In the midst of these swirling sights and sounds stands a reedy, bearded man, whose angular postures suggest both unusual pliability and fragility.
The challenge confronting the team comes at a time when the entire sports industry is feeling the ground move beneath its feet as consumer behavior shifts drastically, with the changes even rattling the broadcasting titan ESPN.
He is the son of Ellen Schreibman Sender and Robert S. Sender of Livingston, N.J.
Candidate Donald J. Trump boasts on tape of forcing himself on women, and women flood the internet with raw memories of when they were groped or assaulted.
After days of grasping at procedural hurdles, Democrats held vigil against Betsy DeVos, Mr. Trump’s polarizing nominee for education secretary, and promised to spend the final 24 hours before her confirmation vote Tuesday reiterating their objections.
It’s a pre-loaded app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon.
We’re sorry to see you go, Mr. Miccolis, but wish you the best of luck with your book.
They heard that workers at the city’s biggest medical clinic were going hungry, so they added it to what was now a makeshift delivery schedule.
Mr. Trump has confounded Democrats and Republicans alike with his repeated praise for the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, and his desire to forge an American-Russian alliance.
“Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision,” Mr. Trump wrote Wednesday .
If I read a letter and can think of two or three books in a flash, I know I can help.
“It means locals who have lived here their whole lives can afford to come,” he said.
But with the Cubs’ new closer, Wade Davis, having pitched the past three days, Cubs Manager Joe Maddon turned to Rondon, who had been the team’s closer last season until Chapman arrived.
“It’s the rebellious nature of myself,” he told The Rocky Mountain News in 2005 .
Then enlist schools to market to other schools, holding up early adopters as forward thinkers among their peers.
A client of Immigration Equality told her lawyers that she was assaulted in the Hudson County Correctional Facility in Kearny, N.J., on Dec. 21 and was transferred to another detention center in the state afterward, Mr. Morris said.
The reason I did “Election” was because of “Citizen Ruth.” DERN There couldn’t be two more hateful characters in Alexander’s movies than ours.
Under program rules, interaction between a soldier and a potential recruit could be as fleeting as a phone conversation and still count as a legitimate referral, the president of Docupak, Philip Crane, later said in court testimony.
“Plus, you get value for your money on a trip there.” It takes nearly a day to reach this South Asian island country from the United States, but that doesn’t appear to be deterring travelers from planning summer vacations there.
Tony Nash, the chief executive of Booktopia, which according to the company, controls about 4 percent of Australia’s book market, said that Amazon has already made everyone more competitive.
The second floor has four bedrooms, including the master suite, which has an updated bathroom with a granite vanity and vessel sink.
Not surprisingly, children who excelled in math were far more likely to become inventors.
Mr. Doe assumed the presidency and took up residence at the Mansion.
“We’re extremely mindful of environmental and community sensitivity,” Mr. Weinberg added.
Another called for the termination of funding for any United Nations agency that grants full membership to a Palestinian representative, which is already United States law.
Aides in the West Wing worried that interest in the prime-time announcement would quickly fade if the Gorsuch selection was known, and told reporters already staking out Judge Hardiman’s house that he was heading to Washington.
Since 2012, Sunac’s property sales have grown at double-digit rates nearly every year, giving it the firepower to scoop up assets and land plots.
“We are in a very dangerous time, and China is going to need to take notice and prepare for the worst,” he said.
And definitely check out the recipes.
In the immediate aftermath of the election, there was even some speculation that these types of stories were enough to swing the result toward Donald J. Trump.
You have a 1-in-13,500 chance of being struck during your lifetime, and a 1-in-1,083,000 chance of being hit in a single year.
It would turn out to be the game’s crucial moment.
As with many things, I’m coming from a position of great ignorance, so the well of questioning is pretty much infinite.
The jewel of the location is the garden in the back, a covered space that can be opened to the sky in good weather.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel called the assault “sickening,” adding, “There is more to our city than that.” The police superintendent, Eddie Johnson, called the beating “deplorable” and praised the officers who spotted the victim walking on the street and called for an ambulance.
Democratic officials argue that even a razor-thin defeat for Mr. Ossoff should be taken as an encouraging sign, but the party is under pressure to win.
The man who answered, who declined to give his name, said it was “ridiculous that an international newspaper is interested in this story.” The first bungee jump using modern equipment took place on April 1, 1979, when a group of Oxford University students, who were members of the Dangerous Sports Club, jumped from the Clifton Suspension Bridge in Bristol, in the southwest of England.
America was a place, far away from the watchful eyes of aunts, uncles and neighbors, where it was possible to indulge in curious passions — bartending classes, poetry groups, quail hunting, sex.
This is when Tips is inadvertently left behind.
• More trouble for Volkswagen: Prosecutors in Germany are investigating payments to a labor union leader on the company’s supervisory board.
When I contacted him about his work, he jokingly suggested that I drop by for dinner — at his place in northern Syria.
So focusing on the number 130 not only will involve millions of people but also will involve millions of new prescriptions and millions of dollars.
“We are able to design our mission, design our spacecraft specifically for the conditions that we know to exist there,” Dr. Squyres said.
A prime example is Congress, reluctant to shed archaic procedures that force victims into counseling and a weekslong “cooling off period,” while protecting accused lawmakers with secret, taxpayer-funded settlements and nondisclosure agreements.
Williams, a contributing editor at Outside magazine, presents the benefits of spending time outdoors — “the more nature, the better you feel” — entertainingly but with enough scientific detail to satisfy the expert.
At the start, Mr. Zhou and his committee confronted a set of foundational questions: Should Pinyin employ the Roman alphabet, the Cyrillic or a purpose-built one?
Still, last year Judge Charles Ramos of the New York State Supreme Court ordered that the two drawings be held by Mr. Nagy’s shipping agent, pending the resolution of the legal action.
Many of those documents were at his fingertips in a jampacked suite at Broadway and 80th Street, where the smell of 19th-century mildew mingled with the odors from a bagel bakery downstairs.
Many others returned from war and found themselves unwanted and alone.
As for a clue that survived the final edit, I like the one for SOFA BED (28A – All-weather convertible?).
AWAY Another relative newcomer, this brand — founded by two former executives at Warby Parker, the vintage-inspired eyeglasses company — offers bags that can charge portable devices yet don’t look as if they’re from the year 2025.
“It really has everything to do with Jahad’s situation,” Garrett told reporters.
There are two large swimming pool complexes, complete with a giant water bucket, 30-person hot tub and children’s splash pad.
I was born to immigrants without high school degrees.
Past presidents have altered the boundaries of national monuments, including about 19 occasions when acreage was removed from them, according to federal data .
Since the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act took effect in 2010, most of the key players have bought in: food producers, schools and even the children.
She lost narrowly in the Breeders’ Cup Classic, after which Smith publicly took the blame — another endearing quality to horse trainers.
front office, and none have been a general manager.
Well over half the people in both major political parties agree that these things are fundamental to being American.
Before Mr. Lowell’s questioning, Mr. Koski asked Mr. Lavey to describe the hotel.
He went to the emergency room at Houston Methodist, where he was put on an intravenous drip and given another antibiotic prescription.
I don’t know how they do it and why, here, we cannot do it.”
Instead, when Trump makes false statements, the Times should stick to fact-checking him, using terms such as “false,” “incorrect,” and “not true,” with a statement of what is actually true or correct.
It is a divine act that no one can prevent.” In the town of Kalar, Iraq, the quake sent items tumbling from shelves in a supermarket, causing shoppers to flee.
Trump’s brand of populist nationalism may be illiberal, but it is also not very popular.
After an electric blanket shorts out while the gang is curled up under it watching “The Wiz,” they discover that they’ve turned black — leading them to try all the body-switching routines they’ve seen in the movies.
Rockland County commuters say tolls should remain low because they have few transportation options other than cars.
Judge Gorsuch pointed out that “normally we don’t think of regulatory agencies as entitled to announce new crimes by fiat,” causing him to raise the question, “Can Congress so freely delegate the core legislative business of writing criminal offenses to unelected property managers at G.S.A.
Министерство иностранных дел Германии уведомило его, что дело «приобрело дипломатический характер».
• Sign up for the Morning Briefing for hurricane news and a daily look at what you need to know to begin your day.
It comes from the word for the cotton batting of old Soviet jackets.
“I didn’t imagine anyone would pay me for this,” Mr. Sikoryak said, calling the high-concept bit a “very silly idea.” Yet, as it turns out, Mr. Sikoryak, who uses Apple products and insisted he does not feel adversarial toward the company, was also preserving the historical record.
But it certainly didn’t get there because of strong reviews.
We have very close friends that are Jewish and rabbis, and we also fellowship with them.” The comments came at the close of a brutal special election campaign for the Senate seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
The squalid poetry of convenience stores is one of Cohen’s fortes, as his characters struggle with a sense of displacement and the wish to begin a new, better life.
“My goal in tennis is to beat a lot of people and to become professional.” Photographed in Linden Park in Brooklyn, where they live.
Highly anticipated restaurant openings, and an industry in transformation.
, the justices decided that disgorgement comes under a statute of limitations provision that requires filing a case to collect “any civil fine, penalty or forfeiture” within five years “from when the claim first accrued.” The court pointed out that the limitations period was “vital to the welfare of society” because it embodied the principle that “even wrongdoers are entitled to assume that their sins may be forgotten” — if not necessarily forgiven.
While early research found no evidence of educational outcomes, Dr. Weiss and others have disputed their methodology and say they were conducted before the programs were up and running.
Chinese money is fueling the growth of fossil-fuel industries in places like the Yasuní Biosphere Reserve in the Ecuadorean Amazon, believed to be the most biodiverse place in the world and the home to indigenous peoples living in voluntary isolation.
“The moment we sat down and started talking, I knew it was time to start deleting all of my other texts with other women,” Mr. Davar said.
• U.S. stocks were up on Tuesday.
If you witness harassment, here are some tips for responding.
One study shows it now takes the median worker more than twice as many hours a month to pay rent in one of America’s big cities as it did in 1950; and the costs of health care and a college degree have increased even more.
When this cycle was first explained to me as a child, my teacher advised me to imagine the “leaning” Earth as it arcs through its annual orbit around the sun.
As for your apps, though, programs written specifically for iOS will not run in Android — and vice versa.
To the North Koreans, the United States can offer a peace treaty, diplomatic recognition, the easing of sanctions and the withdrawal of American troops from South Korea, which the North considers its existential threat.
Last year, the Indian middle class debated for weeks whether new 2000 rupee bills introduced by the Indian government after demonetization featured a chip that could be used to track the bills.
— a private entity effectively under the control of one man — a budget nearly half the size of the World Health Organization’s.
But for nonwhites, a strong economy is not a cure-all.
I pull some milk out of the mini-fridge and pour it over a bowl of cereal.
Mr. Pertman noted the inherent issues in adopting from foster care.
“‘Forbidden’ will remind people of the story.
4 p.m. [Free] • Check out the Washington Street Block Party — with food, entertainment, and thousands of toy elephants — between Front and Plymouth Streets in Dumbo, Brooklyn.
Learn more and see usage examples across a range of subjects in the Vocabulary.com Dictionary .
Wise a free suit, he didn’t believe him.
Growing up, Ms. Lysiak traveled around the country with her father, a former reporter for The New York Daily News, when he was on assignment.
This, along with Hillary Clinton’s bleeding support to third-party candidates, was the important electoral change between 2012 and 2016.
For the company’s regular routes, prices range from as little as $1,100 for a single stall from New York to Florida to $2,200 for a box stall.
Elected leaders were also working on measures seeking information from the department about how it assigns detectives and about the precinct-by-precinct rate at which it solves violent crimes.
The man, an ethnic Uighur, pulled out identification.
• Tucked away in Taipei is a shrine to fermented tofu, above.
The key to the film may lie in its second shot, of a father, Francisco (Francisco Zaldua), and his teenage daughter, Adelaida (Laura Osma), watching television.
Dr. Keyworth became one of the most visible champions of the president’s vision, giving it, for all its futuristic dimensions, a veneer of scientific credibility.
• Breeding ground for ISIS.
Prices can range from $3,500 to $5,000, plus transportation and accommodation expenses for two nights.
The edition has been updated to cover new laws related to citizenship and passports, mandatory metadata retention, and the extension of control orders — court-imposed restrictions on movements or communications — to children as young as 14.
“ I wanted to see if I could get up.” “You’ve just witnessed what it’s like to be a wind-turbine technician,” Mr. Coffelt, the safety manager, said, cocking an ear over one shoulder and suggesting that the group move away from the rattlesnake he had heard.
While some Republicans are eager to undermine the deal, Democrats are equally determined to preserve what they view as another legacy of the Obama administration that Mr. Trump is trying to dismantle.
This is the case even as the special counsel Robert S. Mueller III bears down in his investigation of the alleged Russian efforts to sway the 2016 presidential election.
But the Amazon warrior received comparatively little screen time, and while her back story was alluded to, it was never fully realized.
As things stand now, I lose 45 minutes every week to the retrieval of forgotten passwords, and I recently got three-quarters of the way through a mystery before realizing that I knew whodunit, how he dun it and why he dun it.
Martin Flores, Cameron Tringale and Zac Blair shared the Barbasol Championship lead at six-under-par 65 when first-round play in Opelika, Ala., was suspended because of darkness.
For Roxane Gay, she is easy — by the third date, one of her troubled, troublesome narrators tells us: “We have already slept together, twice.
At age 89, he is nearly blind, and a nun often had to repeat my questions so he could hear them.
“Absolutely wrong for him to go to Germany; actually, outrageous, in view of a police officer being assassinated,” said Sal Albanese, a former city councilman who is running against Mr. de Blasio in the Democratic primary.
5’ at the June Havoc Theater (in previews; opens on March 19).
“If we define authorization as coming from the White House, Comey looks more like a leak than a plant,” Mr. Pozen said.
“It’s so painful because the military could have rescued him earlier,” Ms. Baunto said, sobbing as her youngest child, Shayka, 3, hugged her.
“I thought, ‘This is very strange because it says best actress on the card.’ And I felt that maybe there was some sort of misprint.” Pressed further, he said, “That’s all I have to say on the subject.” Ms. Dunaway declined to comment.
The movie is not quite as successful at telling Mr. Hayes’s story.
At the time, she was commuting every week to San Francisco to work on Urban Decay.
He became so frustrated this season over catcher Gary Sanchez’s inattentiveness in blocking pitches that he publicly called him out, a rarity for Girardi.
Holding the hearing in West Virginia “is like holding the only hearing on financial deregulation at the Wall Street Hilton — it does not denote a keen interest in alternative views,” Michael B. Gerrard , the director of the Sabin Center for Climate Change Law at Columbia Law School, said in an interview last week.
One Facebook commenter on Mr. Loitsch’s churro ice cream bowl video (183 million views) wrote: “Call me a nut, but is it wrong that I can’t take my eyes off the guy’s hands?
2 p.m. [$10 suggested donation] • The poet David Mills will read his poems about the African Burial Ground in Manhattan, America’s oldest and largest slave cemetery, at the Lewis H. Latimer House Museum in Flushing, Queens.
That particular hairstyle is no sillier than the others, really.
Some were riding beater bikes, some were on tricked-out skull and chrome low riders.
Instead I got a job in insurance, and I’ve spent half my life on the business side of keeping people healthy.
In 2016, after a complaint by two deaf people, the Department of Justice’s civil rights division found the University of California, Berkeley, had violated disability law by not providing the appropriate accommodations for its own free video lectures and podcasts.
Have you ever boycotted an item or brand because of the actions, beliefs or statements of the company or the person who sells it?
Officers would be able to choose to record other encounters with the public, except things like interviews with victims and strip-searches.
Czy będzie chciał głębiej podzielić Unię Europejską i zantagonizować jej członków?
Must be willing to fix a broken culture, deal with an aggressive predecessor, battle a risky lawsuit and prepare the company for an initial public offering.
Gregorius, who initially froze during the triple play because he thought Frazier had hit a line drive that would be caught, overcame his baserunning gaffe with a sparkler of a play with two outs in the fifth.
6 Georgia (11-1) for the SEC title in Atlanta.
Ms. Allred said her fund-raising for the Zervos case had so far yielded “just under $30,000,” mostly in small donations.
Just any little tiny escape or way to feel like I’m not there anymore.” Her boyfriend was little help: Manning could feel him slipping away.
The U.S. has added Mr. Maduro to a list of Venezuelan officials facing sanctions.
“I didn’t plan to play tennis again, but it just happened.
Vindu Goel AUTO INDUSTRY In an increasingly urgent attempt at damage control, political leaders and auto industry executives will meet in Berlin to address a growing public backlash against pollution from diesel cars.
Did she give you any tips on how to play a rabbi?
Or Mark’s recipe for Greek-style broiled shrimp , to celebrate shrimp?
When the Berlin Wall went up in 1961, he made a wall of oil barrels on the Rue Visconti in Paris.
So I’m rooting against anything in the Northeast or on the West Coast, as well as against Chicago.
“Curt Schilling was fired for his repeated instances of insubordination, some public and some not,” said Josh Krulewitz, an ESPN spokesman.
“There is a sweetness to it,” said Ms. McAndrew, an agent for Daniel Gale, noting that $1 million buys more in Locust Valley than it does in Darien or Greenwich, Conn. “In the summer, it is definitely an alternative to the Hamptons.” What You’ll Find Thirty miles from Midtown, Locust Valley is on a lightly traveled stretch of north Nassau County known, because of its gilded past, as the Gold Coast.
Journalists have reported that Mr. Prigozhin engaged in another recent Russian experiment in restoring influence abroad while keeping costs down: He set up a factory of so-called internet trolls in St. Petersburg, an office packed with low-paid people posting online under assumed identities to influence public opinion in foreign countries, including the United States.
Shouldn’t this be an intimate moment for the couple?
Visa, which had its initial public offering of stock in 2008, is the second-newest company, with a 21 percent annualized return, followed by Alphabet (Google), ranked 11th with a 24.9 percent annualized return.
LAURA MARLING “Soothing” (More Alarming/Kobalt) Two basses plucking in tandem cradle Laura Marling ’s resolute voice as she turns away an ex who wants a second chance.
Mr. Silven’s initial requests are boilerplate.
Next, between Hartsdale and Chappaqua, the average cost was $13,309 per minute.
Last week, the sale process was shaken up when 21st Century Fox considered teaming with Blackstone to mount a rival bid.
But scientists say there are several possible explanations for why more children have been found to have autism spectrum disorders in recent years, and none of them are linked to vaccines.
The state rolled out propaganda campaigns aimed at not only enlisting women in the work force but also shaping their self-perception.
A spokesman for the company said last month that Nielsen’s numbers are “not accurate, not even close.” In a statement on Thursday, a spokeswoman said, “Their math might be from the upside down,” referring to the alternate dimension in “Stranger Things.” Nielsen’s data is drawn from television sets using audio recognition software, so it cannot measure viewers who watch a Netflix show on a tablet, laptop or phone.
“There are two ends and we tried to find a middle ground.” Finding a middle ground in Congress, however, often proves to be more difficult.
If not, turn your phones off.
The three at the very top of the ramp are explosive the way the Kandinskys are below.
(Mr. Campeau also had a home in Manhattan, as well as one in Florida and one in Toronto.)
Facing a budget deficit and increasingly well-armed and organized drug cartels, officials in Rio de Janeiro have turned to the federal government for a bailout and to the military for backup.
We’re also near Lake Ronkonkoma and Stony Brook University .
Track and field’s global governing body — the sports organization that has most forcefully disciplined Russia for state-sponsored doping — said on Monday that its computer network had been compromised by the same Russian cyberespionage group that American intelligence officials have tied to a broad effort to influence the United States presidential election.
But she wasn’t going to dwell on it — she was newly free, and she had a life to live.
I spend a good chunk of my drive to Tallahassee with the 2002 Mountain Goats album named after the city playing on repeat.
“Since I have been living here for so long, I am not scared anymore,” Mr. Gwon said outside his shop on a recent morning.
Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice .
Most took the SAT cold.
That was the pecking order, which was reinforced by Bush’s own nickname for Rove: “Turd Blossom.” Rove endured as one of Bush’s two or three pre-eminent advisers for about a decade, and his eventual diminution was largely a function of Bush’s waning popularity in the second term of his presidency, when Rove was moved from a corner suite in the West Wing to a windowless office across the hall.
“For every wage you raise, you actually end up losing jobs,” Mr. Ryan said.
The monkeys were shown photos of human faces that were systematically manipulated to show differences in the size and appearance of facial features.
It seems to me our borders are well-patrolled already, and I cannot tell you how bored the border patrol folk can be, standing around staring south at nothing all day long.
BUSINESS DAY An article on Tuesday about an effort by Maurice R. Greenberg, the former chief executive of American International Group, to fix his legacy after a settlement in a civil accounting fraud case against him and his co-defendant was announced on Friday misidentified the person who said one of the two transactions at issue was done “for appearances” but denied deceiving investors.
Auriemma’s team is not the greatest he has had, but it has answered all challenges it has faced so far.
The Trumps have also been cautious about sending potential deals to Mr. Burchfield until all of the lenders and investors are lined up, the people briefed on the matter said.
In the introduction, she writes that universities “have some of the highest rates of sexual assault in the country,” and that when it comes to rape, “the risk is college itself.” Yet according to the Rape, Abuse and Incest National Network, women between 18 and 24 who are not in college are victimized at higher rates than those who are in college.
You can browse them here .
Paul D. Clement, a lawyer for the employers, said the labor law was “directed to the workplace, not the courthouse.” Justice Ginsburg said the arbitration law was concerned with agreements between merchants of relatively equal bargaining power.
“He told me that would have made him just like the people who lied on him.” Ms. Shepherd said she was happy about the legislative apology but unsure whether Mr. Scott would grant a pardon.
Two nights before our trip to the Flame, Lorde performed “Green Light” on “Saturday Night Live,” and when she broke into a suite of winningly uninhibited dance moves, her sequined top shuddered and sparkled like a disco ball.
Back at San Francisco headquarters, data jockeys pore over the kinds of signals that tech companies normally study, like time spent with the product and whether moving a button elicits a change in behavior.
She acknowledged that her findings had resonated on social media, where some treated them as a sensation.
More than 35 percent of girls and almost 28 percent of boys said that it was against their religion or moral code.
— Michael Kittle in Vaison la Romaine, France .
For the New York version of “Seeds of Change,” she collaborated with horticulturalists and organizations such as Pioneer Works , the High Line and Weeksville Heritage Center , and organized a series of lectures and talks that extend the conversation and help us think about today’s migrant crisis or the microbes that travel with us on airplanes.
Academic happiness studies are full of anomalies and contradictions, often revealing more about the agendas and values of those conducting them than the realities of human emotion.
It’s here in this David Attenborough follow-up to his 2006 series, which embeds with wildlife in assorted locales — islands, mountains, jungles, deserts, grasslands and even in cities.
These workers, who were predominantly male, crossed the checkpoints into Israel each morning and were employed, for the most part, in construction and agriculture.
• Tracing your family history?
Earlier worries about the reliability of information online — anyone can publish anything!
Lead contamination in the water system of Flint, Mich., has sharpened focus on the need for upgrading water systems.
“Shenker wanted him to lead the defense,” said Mr. Sadowski, now an executive vice president at Fidelity National Financial, a major seller of title insurance.
The Times got access to evidence photographed at the crime scene, and it suggests an improvised device made with forethought and care.
While I had a lot of fun playing marijuana tourist, my most enjoyable experience was at a comedy festival I attended at the Funhouse Lounge .
A tall, formidable presence with a tower of auburn hair, a fake beauty mark and a slash of Salmon Ice lipstick, Aunt Hankie reels in Michael at a young age and — unhappily for the boy but goldenly for the memoirist — never lets him go.
Persuading Chinese managers to live overseas is also difficult, Chigo found.
(Here’s the RSS feed .)
Democrats are going further than their two past presidents in promising to crack down on monopolies and mega-mergers that deprive consumers of choice and workers of bargaining power.
[ New York Times ] • The M.T.A.
Third, heavy flight attendants would present a danger in any emergency situation and the women should be grateful that the airline took an interest in their health, they said.
This isn’t because progressive institutions are more sexist than others — I’m confident there’s at least as much sexual abuse in finance as in publishing.
Those men fought a last-minute court battle asking judges to order the United States government to send them home without waiting for a delay.
The reality in Central Europe is that, thanks to low birthrates and emigration, young people are a small and shrinking minority.
That’s because they were wrong, on all counts.
After Dido stabs herself, “her wandering eyes looked up to find / The light of day, and found it, and she groaned”; in the underworld, “a bottomless whirlpool thick with muck / Heaves and seethes and vomits mire into / The river Cocytus.” Such lines touch the atmosphere of the Latin, and they stay in the memory.
Most Republicans want to keep the focus on leaks of classified information.
She was visiting friends a couple of states over.
The seminary has inventoried about half of the 158 items, building on earlier work done by the museum.
Shouldn’t is a harmful thing.
When she looked out the window her first morning, she asked, “Which way is town?” She quickly found her way, landing an apartment with two roommates, taking turns sleeping on the couch.
Exercise also prompts the release of a variety of neurochemicals associated with brain health.
“I swear to God, I lost so much time.” A little while later, a button on my blouse popped, and as I quickly refastened it, he steadfastly held my gaze, and then pointed to his eyes.
“Prohibited travel will remain prohibited,” the department said in a statement, adding that the directive was “a first step towards re-establishing control over America’s borders and national security.” Around the nation, security personnel at major international airports had new rules to follow, though the application of the order appeared chaotic and uneven.
■ The president-elect finds something “very strange” about his intelligence briefing on Friday — even though the White House says it was always planned for Friday.
The females were quiet, confident and powerful.
He showed no signs of the knee injury that had sidelined him for two games in November.
It may also represent the end of an era, if Wenger’s gnomic comments on his future in the aftermath are anything to go by.
Earl Melchert did not plan to be home on the afternoon of Sept. 5.
The bride, 32, who goes by Brette, helps manage advertising for luxury fashion brands at Google in Manhattan.
Mahmoud Abbas is now approaching the 13th anniversary of his elected four-year term.
He is a vociferously outspoken critic of even mild gentrification, as discomfited by the erection of a skyscraper on Flatbush as the rent-is-too-damn-high guy.
The iPhone 6s and later models include a feature called Raise to Wake that senses when you pick up the device and then automatically flips on the display screen — so you do not have to fumble around with the Home or power buttons when you want to check something.
But Mr. Miranda along with school groups and others came to the rescue because of their affection for the store.
“We feel really liberated by the successful composition of 529 Broadway,” Mr. Kendall said.
Federer, 35, who this year has already won the Australian Open and the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells, Calif., will vie for his third championship here, but his first since 2006.
Try imagining 10,000-degree bursts of plasma that spurt 6,000 miles high at speeds of 60 miles per second.
Mr. Pence’s tight-knit team, especially his political adviser, Nick Ayers, and chief of staff, Josh Pitcock, were far less forgiving: They urged their boss to project a tougher image, and blamed Mr. Trump’s other advisers — who had known about Mr. Flynn’s problems for weeks — for not looping them in.
What kinds of pre-hire screening will you do to make sure that these moderators are not affiliated with foreign governments, extremist groups, or others looking to influence the American political process?
Several major automakers, including General Motors, Ford and Volkswagen, have disavowed interest.
A tenant lives in his Atlanta house, paying $1,050 a month — enough for Mr. Bahr to pocket $400 each month after paying his mortgage, taxes and property management fees.
“We immediately started a manhunt,” said Hengky Widjaja, a spokesman for the Bali Provincial Police.
On exam, her temperature was up and her blood pressure was down.
But as a new round of peace talks convened Thursday in Geneva, Syrians interviewed at a randomly selected camp in the Bekaa Valley this week offered a unanimous reality check.
The property owner, who had earned the upper-tier status of “superhost” and had never been convicted of a crime, has said the assault never happened.
There are weddings where people spend $15,000 on a beautiful dress.
(The photo above shows Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, arriving in Nunavut yesterday.)
The edges of the galette are scalloped, the better to show the dramatic rise of the pastry and to seal in the velvety almond cream that is the perfect counterpoint to the flaky crusts.
484 Valley Road , Cos Cob 7 WEEKS on the market $1,395,000 list price 3% BELOW list price SIZE 4 bedrooms, 2½ baths DETAILS A 30-year-old saltbox-style wood-sided colonial with a red-brick fireplace and a double-height ceiling in the living room, on a 1.22-acre lot near the Mianus River.
They had three children and six years later they separated, with People magazine screaming: “End of the Love Match.” Their relationship was immortalized in an Andy Warhol painting, which sold in 2008 for over $300,000.
He led an effort to rev up the South Korean economy — and he used many of the companies that became chaebol to do it.
A calculation by a lower court found that meant Mr. Muiña should have been freed in November last year.
Landmarc in the Time Warner Center remains open.
Supermarkets and electronics stores were looted in the two days after the hurricane, Mark Vanterpool, the minister of communications and works, said in an interview.
Even better, it doesn’t just accuse (nor is it holier than thou), but also suggests a better way forward.
“This cynical falsehood about a nonexistent hotline was made to bolster O’Reilly’s claim that the women who received settlements must have fabricated their claims or they would have complained,” Ms. Smith said in a statement.
More than most artists, the men who gather twice a week for mural class in the B Facility are accustomed to darkness.
Suffice it to say that I felt a responsibility to cover conflict and injustices, because maybe, if I wrote about them, things would change.
The visit was her first.
This place had such a heavy atmosphere making me feel very small.
There was no attempt to grapple with the data I presented on academic terms.
Mr. Kowalski wanted to capture “the clash between two cultures: the English punk culture and whatever we would meet in America,” he said.
The Paris shows — and the whole ready-to-wear season — came to a close on Tuesday in the Cour Marly of the Louvre, under an I.M.
Over time, a new atmosphere would enable leaders to resist provocation and move toward a negotiated final status agreement, buoyed by their publics’ desire to live in two separate states, and their confidence that it is possible.
The classic worry about Amazon is that it puts local retailers out of business.
“Maybe this is unique to South Florida, but they are all extremely devious and proactively trying to sell recalled cars by saying there is no recall,” Mr. Stewart said.
Is the war over?”) Mr. Rickles’s wife, who he said “likes to lie in bed, signaling ships with her jewelry,” was not immune to his attacks.
She woke up on the floor of his office, and Mr. Lauer had his assistant take her to a nurse.
It glamorizes profound human damage.
There had been rumors over the years that the sculpture might be the work of Rodin or his protégés, but there were no records to support it, said Nicolas W. Platt, the president of the Hartley Dodge Foundation.
President Nicolás Maduro, the target of the protesters’ ire, has responded with a steady stream of repressive actions, ordering the security forces to shoot at crowds with rubber bullets and rounding up hundreds to be sent to military tribunals .
“When you heard it’s coming from above it reminds you of the guy shooting from Mandalay Bay,” said Mike Pavicich, who was in Reno on business from Las Vegas and was standing atop a parking garage at the neighboring Eldorado Resort Casino when the shots rang out.
Pino Luongo is reviving Coco Pazzo, the Upper East Side Italian restaurant that he closed in 2008.
Instead of gutting the social compact Americans rely on, Congress should work to pass true tax reform that helps all Americans and invests in a better future for everyone.
Even if an off-season is what the players want?
Mr. Trump, not known for his effusive praise of world leaders, has talked up their relationship, saying in an interview on CBS’s “Face the Nation” last weekend that his relationship with China was “already acclaimed as being something very special, something very different than we’ve ever had.” He called Mr. Xi “a man that I’ve gotten to like and respect.” But beneath the bonhomie, Chinese analysts say, fundamental differences of strategic interest are likely to undermine any personal ties Mr. Trump says he has forged with the Chinese leader.
The president wants it to be slashed from 35 percent to 15 percent, while Mr. Ryan and most tax experts think that getting it to the mid-20 percent range is most likely.
“I am not of that school.” He noted that the ship passengers — a total of about 185,000 in 2017 — make up less than 6 percent of the town’s 3.3 million annual tourists.
He also did not say whether he would start receiving the daily intelligence briefs that are prepared for the president.
Referring to the Yemenis, Mr. Spicer said that “we’re going to continue to work with them to strengthen our diplomatic relationship, to understand our fight against terrorism.” In Cairo, however, Yemen’s foreign minister, Abdul Malik al-Mekhlafi, called for the review of the operation, in which one American commando and some 14 fighters of Al Qaeda died, adding that “Yemen continues to cooperate with the United States and continues to abide by all the agreements.” Yemen’s embassy in Washington said in a statement that it had not suspended any counterterrorism programs with the United States.
THE THING (1982) 8 p.m. on Flix .
Last May, a motorist drove through a crowd in Times Square , killing one and injuring dozens.
The tracks on Kelela’s album have multiple sections and transformations, while the lyrics often doubt themselves, testing ambivalences and changes of heart.
About 80 young people children live at Pleasantville, while about 50 live at Hawthorne.
), Princeton (Princeton, N.J.), Purdue (West Lafayette, Ind.
• Four easy steps you can take today to be happier .
You say we should think about environmental history outside a Western paradigm.
In June 2016, Mr. Marcus wrote an article endorsing Mr. Trump and urging Republicans to get in line: “I have a message for the #NeverTrump crowd: Enough already.
I made my Off Broadway debut as a playwright in 2014 with “ While I Yet Live .” I’m back in “Kinky Boots” for a while, having that Whitney Houston moment every night.
“We didn’t think of the show as about suicide.
“You have a new administration that also has fewer people familiar with the processes and systems of government, including the importance of the vetting process,” said Max Stier, the chief executive of the Center for Presidential Transition at the Partnership for Public Service.
Is this acting or not?
Among the 10 largest holdings in the Henderson International Opportunities fund on Nov. 30, the last date for which holdings had been disclosed, were the French carmaker Renault, the British insurance company Standard Life and the German tire manufacturer Continental.
These are not people you want to anger.
The White House inflated the potential benefits to workers from a proposed corporate tax cut, according to a Harvard University economist whose work informed the estimate, highlighting a challenge Republicans face as they push a tax rewrite that President Trump has promised will benefit the middle class.
The next day, Ryan Jackson, Mr. Pruitt’s chief of staff, wrote to another political appointee that he had “scared” the agency’s career staff, suggesting that he had made clear the direction that the political staff wanted to go — and given the career staff explicit verbal orders to prepare documents explaining why the agency had shifted its position.
He described a Mexican future categorically different from the one outlined by Mr. Trump for the United States in his inaugural address on Friday.
“You have to make a decision to fire a weapon into somebody’s territory,” Gen. John E. Hyten of the Air Force, commander of the United States Strategic Command, which controls the American nuclear missile fleet, recently told a Washington group .
Wayne Hardin, a Hall of Fame football coach who built standout programs at the United States Naval Academy and Temple University, leading Navy to victory over Army five times in a row and Temple to its first bowl-game win, died on Wednesday in Abington, Pa.
The right-hander got Justin Turner to pop out to first, struck out Cody Bellinger and then ended things with a groundout to short by Yulieski Gurriel.
The committee chairman, Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah, hailed the bill as “a prime example of what government can accomplish when both parties work together.” Mr. Hatch wrote the bill with the senior Democrat on the committee, Ron Wyden of Oregon, just as Mr. Hatch helped create the program in 1997 with Senator Edward M. Kennedy, Democrat of Massachusetts.
Michael Corkery ECONOMY The Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate in March for the third time since the financial crisis, a sign of confidence in the health of the economic recovery.
Eliminating the deviant cells seems to allow the immune system to reset.
Those three statements, in fact — the birth, the death, and the books — would likely have struck her as sufficient biographical information.
Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com .
But the broader question is what course President Trump might chart on Afghanistan.
That amounts to one-fifth of his tenure, including three of his five weekends , as commander in chief.
The major American automakers are moving forward with their own electrification strategies, albeit on a much smaller scale than Tesla and now Volvo.
The effect within Vanguard has been no less profound.
Still, the backward slide in incentives “is going to be a big issue and crash this market further,” said Jessica Caldwell, executive director for industry analysis at Edmunds.com .
Williamsburg, Brooklyn, is set to shed another layer of its industrial past this summer with the opening of a 16-story rental building on the site of the former Domino Sugar refinery.
Others give the artist the freedom to create the shots, while more fall in the middle.
Mr. Icke, the director, toys similarly with the notion of an unreliable narrator-protagonist in his adaptation (with Duncan Macmillan) of George Orwell’s “1984,” currently on Broadway.
Then, on New Year’s Eve, the president-elect promised that by Tuesday or Wednesday, he would reveal information on the hacking that Americans do not know.
Instead, a federal jobs program would provide people with work that is both personally meaningful and economically beneficial.
(Murray wins the match but loses in the quarterfinals.)
“I had a secret pouch in my purse — it only had makeup in it — but they did not look into it.
finals for five days between games.
Science magazine recently reported that applications by international students to graduate engineering programs were down by as much as 30 percent at some schools because of fear that the United States is closing its doors.
His father, Cyril, was a postal worker.
The thousand-mile fishhook-shape stretch of land extending from Cabo up to Tijuana, and separating the Gulf of California from the Pacific, always struck me as a geographic anomaly of unknown utility, belonging to neither country, and in no particular way announcing itself as worthy of exploration.
Welcoming a new motorist into the family these days involves more than just driver’s education classes and adding the teenager to the insurance policy .
Now on the inside — one at the White House, the other at the Department of Health and Human Services — Ms. Talento and Mr.
Would the new president continue America’s indirect war?
“I was told by agents and lawyers that if I opened up, I would forever be ‘toxic’ and my career would be over,” Ms. Holder said in an email.
[ The New York Times ] Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.
[“Hitting for the cycle” means that a constructor has had at least one puzzle published for each day of the week.
Getting into a good college theater or music program is painfully competitive.
It was harder than in 2016 for them to emerge as division champions and harder, too, to advance past the first round.
Her feint and betrayal confirmed that Jon and Tyrion’s wight-demo plan was as ineffective as most viewers predicted.
It projected that the Senate bill would increase gross domestic product by 3.7 percent over the next decade and raise wages by 2.9 percent across the economy.
It has sparked changes to this year’s selection show.
Once we’ve seen Mr. Ha — who has a distinctly masculine cast of a jaw — in boy’s clothes early on (that’s when he says he’s a man who works in drag as an actor in a Beijing opera house), it’s impossible to unsee him as that boy.
Mr. Reid began sexualizing her, Ms. Dixon said, and would turn cold when she denied his unwanted overtures.
“If anything, it was Shakespearean in its aggression and calculation.
“It is not my intent to attack the Singapore judiciary or to undermine public confidence in the administration of justice,” he wrote.
Complicating matters, “incidental collection” can also be information about an American the government gathers by intercepting a conversation between two foreigners who discuss the American, even though he is not a participant.
They are their own Deep Throats.
You probably didn’t know that he’s planning to do this.
In the semifinal against Wawrinka , his friend and former Olympic doubles partner, Federer fought off break points early in the fifth set that could have allowed Wawrinka to take control of the match for good.
had been for Trump after what he said yesterday, I don’t think I could have come here and given them my money,” she said.
“The prices of the prints were three or four times retail,” said the London-based dealer Offer Waterman.
“Some people want reassurance that their microbiome looks like a typical microbiome of other participants,” said Rob Knight, director of the Center for Microbiome Innovation at the University of California, San Diego.
As in Connecticut, after about an hour and a half on the train, commuting farther doesn’t seem worth it.
By 2019, all new Ford models in the United States will be able to transmit data back to the company or its business partners, a step toward creating mobility services like ride-hailing and traffic avoidance.
Olbermann is far from the only person to enjoy this legend.
Near the end of my conversation with Frank Drake, I came back to the question of our increasingly quiet planet: all those inefficient radio and television signals giving way to the undetectable transmissions of the internet age.
A disturbing image, it became the latest example of the dangers fans can face when they sit close to the field at baseball games, potentially putting themselves in range of line drives or, in the case on Wednesday, a broken bat.
• I kept imagining this episode entirely from the point of view of Madame Jeanne (Cyrielle Debreuil), whose attempts to run an uneventful, gauzy “Game of Thrones”-style theme day in her own brothel are constantly thrown into shambles by the obnoxious upstairs tenants who can’t go twenty minutes without murdering an intruder or needing their whiskey smuggled or getting their print shop set on fire.
In it a disconsolate-looking young woman sits on a chair in a strapless top that appears to be falling down.
“It’s equivalent to wastepaper.” Mr. Guo was one of China’s new generation of entrepreneurs.
Constant Touch is on the move.
(You can also use the magnifying glass icon to search; type “The New Washington.”) Once you’re on the series page, you can tap on the episode title to play it, and tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone free.
She embraced the actions of companies and American states determined to carry out plans to safeguard the environment.
The transfer, part of a cease-fire deal between Hezbollah and the Syrian affiliate of Al Qaeda, was the largest formal repatriation of refugees to Syria since the war there began in 2011.
I could talk policy and economics with you all day.
He never came, but the Manhattan I had was glorious.
Fletcher” fit into a larger pattern in Mr. Perrotta’s work, as the tone of his novels has gradually shifted from comic and satirical to more tragic.
Four years ago, she was widowed and bought a one-bedroom in Citylights, a co-op tower in Long Island City.
[ Chronicle of Higher Education ] • Now that it’s officially spring, you could celebrate with homemade cold-brewed iced coffee (as Sam Sifton recommends ), follow these 12 florists to add some beautiful blooms to your Instagram feed, or read about the death and rebirth of the Duncan grapefruit .
“And I’m thinking about having a drink,” he explained to the heavily evangelical audience.
He immersed himself in the Panthers’ home base of Oakland, raising money to buy a 35-classroom school that would be a showcase for the cause.
This is also why most of America doesn’t take “Black Lives Matter” seriously.
Lakshmi Keshav Khade, 60, hurried to the Saidarshan from her apartment nearby as soon as she heard of the collapse.
Scientists first compared the two back in the 1970s when studying how animals forage.
Disney is closing in on the once-unthinkable purchase of most of Rupert Murdoch’s movie and television empire, 21st Century Fox.
Mr. Netanyahu is on his second stint as prime minister; Mr. Kushner, now 36, is President Trump’s son-in-law and a leading adviser on Middle Eastern affairs with a daunting assignment.
“We see this as an act of war,” the Saudi foreign minister Adel al-Jubeir told CNN.
The case is testing the government’s resolve to deliver justice in the face of a potentially dangerous showdown between a powerful former warlord and the shaky coalition administration of which he is a part.
[ San Diego Union-Tribune ] • 48 Hours in Solvang : Just north of Santa Barbara is a Danish village.
Swift argued that Ms. Salman was neither a likely fugitive nor a risk to public safety.
After all, we’re all just filmmakers at the end of the day.” Because it’s so new, Feirstein isn’t on any lists of the best film schools.
The session, between Elaine C. Duke, the deputy secretary of homeland security, and representatives of various European Union countries and the European Commission, the bloc’s executive body, was called after the Europeans asked for clarification about any new restrictions — and the terrorist threats that prompted them.
The agency fined Fiat Chrysler $105 million.
The officials were granted anonymity to discuss a sensitive diplomatic matter.
Mr. Wang sold cellphones and vegetables to save for college, finally making it to the Communication University of China in Beijing, at 26, to study photography.
It should be stated plainly: It’s capitalism that is at fault.
Michael Feroli, the chief United States economist at JPMorgan Chase, described the shift in Fed language as “remarkably swift and decisive.” Investors put the chances at almost 80 percent in trading on Friday, according to an analysis of asset prices by CME Group .
“Frankly, it’s shocking,” said Wilma B. Liebman, a former Democratic appointee on the board who once served as its chairwoman.
It was the night they crowned Miss Universe 1973.
In both, Ms. Kim opened and closed the windows, and sat quietly to listen.
Mr. Smith himself wrote a column for The Hollywood Reporter published on Wednesday night, timed to the broadcast of the episode.
Mr. Menendez is charged with 12 corruption-related counts, including six counts of bribery and three counts of honest services fraud, accusing him of conducting favors for Dr. Melgen in exchange for gifts and political contributions.
To admit having been wrong about anything, they seem to imagine, would brand them as losers and make them look small.
President Trump arrived in the region on May 20, weeks after the barrage of criticism began, for an Arab summit in Saudi Arabia.
It involves a group of seven youths who escaped religious persecution by hiding in a cave, where they slept for hundreds of years before awakening.
Our military men need to be prevented from making blunders.
In worse news for the Twins, Byron Buxton was removed for a defensive replacement to start the half-inning.
Mr. Trump’s warm words, on a state visit to China replete with ceremony but short of tangible results, showed a president doubling down on his gamble that by cultivating a personal connection with Mr. Xi, he can push the Chinese leader to take meaningful steps on North Korea and trade.
We saw exactly three fish, and I am pretty sure the yellow one felt so sorry for us that he came around twice.
“Every so often, she finds some great aria, or some undeservedly forgotten piece.” Last year, she convinced Prince Albert of Monaco to found a period-music ensemble known as Les Musiciens du Prince, and to revive the European courtly tradition of hosting the finest instrumentalists.
But, Dr. Erickson said, most researchers thought that because dinosaurs were closely related to modern birds their incubation rates were birdlike.
Such problems of fabulous wealth seem almost part and parcel to the confirmation struggles of a Trump government that would be filled with billionaires and multimillionaires.
In many cases, the aluminum appears to have been used in parts that are not crucial to safety.
Mr. Shields frets that if the set were really to catch fire, audiences would stay in their seats, laughing; he tells the story of a magician who died when his audience thought an onstage inferno was part of the act.
Some had expected Ms. Inada to be afforded a more graceful exit in a coming cabinet reshuffle.
Depression is a listed side effect of birth control; it’s on the package inserts.
♦ To the Editor: While Gal Beckerman’s “On the Seventh Day: New Books on the Six Day War and Its Aftermath” (Essay, May 28) articulates much of the disappointment and sadness that I feel after 50 years of occupation and no solution — and while he correctly places (in my opinion) much of the blame on the current Israeli government — I vigorously dispute his comment, presumably referring to the West Bank, about “Israel’s occupation of large swaths of Arab land to which it had no legitimate right besides brute force.” It bears repeating that — whatever one’s views about how international law and justice should inform a current solution to the conflict and what steps the Israeli government should take to move the process along — (1) the historical connection between the Jewish people and the land of Israel (both sides of the Green Line, e.g., Hebron) spans two millenniums; (2) the Green Line was intended as a temporary armistice line, not a final border; (3) the territories were acquired in a defensive war; (4) Security Council Resolution 242 contemplates the retention of some of the territories; (5) the 1948-49 war resulted in the destruction of existing Jewish settlements (e.g., Gush Etzion), to which Israelis returned after 1967; (6) there are significant security reasons for continued control of the territories; and (7) international law is far from clear as to which side has the better of the “legal” argument.
Ms. Cheuk, 27, said that the ball’s inevitable failure to break through the glass was intended to evoke the feeling of helplessness that she said was now familiar to many young Hong Kongers.
Diante Baldwin led the Spartans (25-10), who were three-way co-champions in the Southern Conference, with 19 points, 9 assists and 8 rebounds.
But he wasn’t always a ‘psychopath,’” a longtime friend, Courtney Kleiber, posted on Facebook on Sunday.
There was Flynn’s lobbying on behalf of Turkey and his contacts with Russia.
“When you’re laughing, you’re not afraid, and if you’re not afraid you can think,” he said.
“We can’t allow him to go to Iowa and try to stand on the mantle of being progressive and pro-labor when we know the truth is different,” Patrick J. Lynch , the president of the association, said in an interview.
There to discuss the film will be a panel of Times journalists — Jonathan Corum, Evan Grothjan, Heather Tal Murphy and Graham Roberts — along with Peter West from the National Science Foundation.
“Every time Blake quotes Sheryl Sandberg or calls himself a feminist, throw something at his head,” one person shouted.
Since the death in 2003 of Mark McCormack — Palmer’s friend and business manager, who slipped into a coma after going into cardiac arrest while having minor surgery at a dermatologist’s office — Palmer had stubbornly resisted any medical procedure that required anesthesia, including hip replacement.
Mr. Comey said he was distrustful of the president from their first meeting, in early January, and said he believed that Mr. Trump was trying to get him to end the F.B.I.
Except for one thing: The baby was a gorilla.
Militia leaders claimed to be neutral and told reporters they were not affiliated with either the white nationalists or the counterprotesters.
But I don’t know if I have that type of integrity to break a contract on somebody, you know, in good faith.” An issue for the organizers of Mr. Trump’s inauguration is a lack of celebrity star power.
Ezequiel, Ms. Yanes added, “kept on picturing getting caught by La Mara.” So this fall, they fled again — out of Brentwood, to a town farther east on Long Island not yet touched by MS-13’s violence.
The stance has complicated congressional negotiations that were, by many accounts, going relatively smoothly.
Mr. Weaver, who entered politics only in 2013, when he won a seat in the provincial Legislature, will have to do some delicate maneuvering when it comes to pushing other items on his party’s agenda.
When the Red Sox marked the 100th anniversary of Fenway Park in April 2012, he appeared alongside Pesky at second base, each of them in a wheelchair, an emotional high point for a gathering that attracted dozens of former Red Sox players.
Mr. Rothman, who has known Ms. Pascal for roughly 30 years, since they had adjoining offices at Columbia Pictures as junior executives, added, “Not only is she a survivor, she’s stronger than ever.” Really?
That’s when Sport England — which oversees national governing bodies for various sports — began contributing to the golf body in four-year increments matching the Olympic cycle, with a total of 13 million pounds ($16.9 million) from April 2013 to cover the four years through March 2017, including £3.3 million devoted to producing junior and amateur champions.
Create a sociogram for the characters in “Wonder” or for another young adult book you have recently read.
“Mueller has nothing on Flynn,” said Aleksei K. Pushkov, a member of the Federation Council, the upper house of Parliament.
I lie down in the back, look out the window and chime in to songs from “Jesus Christ Superstar,” “The Music Man” and “West Side Story.” I am 6, I am 16, I am 54, and I feel completely safe.
But on Saturday accuracy can be stretched a bit in the service of challenge.
I would say that’s my biggest surprise, how robust corporate profitability is, even with a quite dysfunctional Washington.” President Trump, of course, has made a habit of taking credit for the growing economy and stock market returns.
The men shared a laugh, he said.
Wilson , 6’10” Power Forward, Michigan 21 years old His development took longer than expected, but Wilson averaged 11 points and 5.3 rebounds a game as a junior, which was enough production to get teams interested in the tall and athletic forward who could develop as a solid defender.
In Padua, near Venice, Mama Isa, the owner of Mama Isa’s Cooking School , offers a four-hour private gelato-making lesson at her house.
Both will be used, along with existing facilities, for the 2028 Summer Olympics, for which Los Angeles was recently picked as host city .
The veteran Bucks guard Jason Terry, referring to his former longtime teammate Dirk Nowitzki, the revolutionary power forward, explained the conundrum this way: “Dirk, in my eyes, is the best European player to ever play this game,” Terry said.
Her Facebook page, which appears to have been shut down, had shown no sign of Nghia Binh, her hometown.
A natural storyteller, Kidd uses graphic design as a language to tell his own stories while helping others to convey theirs.
The move also underscores concerns over Mr. Tillerson’s deep business connections in Russia.
“So when he was running health care — a guy who wasn’t a health care guy but an M&A guy — one could draw the conclusion that he was preparing it for some sort of action that would maximize shareholder value.” The health care division is still very much a part of G.E.
He has also picked fights with Kurdish militants when it suited his purposes.
Criticizing actions by hard-liners is dangerous in Iran, where the judiciary and the police are focusing increasingly on online dissent.
My now-husband didn’t know what I was up to.
“If you book at a smaller hotel or bed-and-breakfast and they’re wiped out, whatever deposit you wired them is going to be very difficult to get back,” Ms. Gregoli said.
Leaving Northern Ireland, we would be filtered through a military checkpoint: towers protected with steel plating and camouflage nets.
From this, Inspector Horn surmises that Ötzi may have come down to his village and become embroiled in a violent altercation.
No reasonable answer ever explained this away.
Sara Slayton O’Rourke and Egon Francis Donnarumma were married Oct. 21 in Chicago.
[ The New York Times ] • Quick, high-intensity workouts might not be better than longer, moderate ones.
Lucy Ludwig Sheehan and Anderson Patrick Heston are to be married June 11 in Brooklyn.
But one reason I ultimately liked the film is its unexpected ending: “La La Land” gently subverts the very tradition it seemed set to embrace.
But there was a counterpunch.
Her rebbetzin, a female religious mentor such as the wife of a rabbi, had given her a special prayer.
My right limbs are tight, the muscles underdeveloped, and the fingers of that hand lack the dexterity and fine motor skills of those on my left.
I think it’s been one of those years, but if it goes into 2018, then I would start to go: What is happening?
A literary mystery drives the plot of “ Possession ,” A. S. Byatt’s witty, minutely textured Booker Prize-winning 1990 novel set in two eras.
In a Pennsylvania center for people with special needs, where New York State houses more than 100 residents, staff members repeatedly used physical restraints in violation of state and federal laws, and both residents who complained were retaliated against.
Men might get called names, she said.
could enlist,” said Peter Kornbluh, head of the Chile Declassification Project at the National Security Archive in Washington.
“The hospitality industry hasn’t gotten its act together in terms of antiterrorism,” he said.
“If I see something wrong, I just want to fix it,” Ms. Gornik said.
It revolves around two teenage brothers groomed by their father to be cricket stars.
Four more years of Bill de Blasio?
He was wearing an accessory once beloved by Ms. Spears and her sartorial acolytes: the Von Dutch trucker hat.
That would be the fastest growth since a recovery began in 2013.
And they reminded Mr. Cohn of the president’s promises to protect working class voters.
This movie focuses on her time in the Middle East during the early 20th century and her role in drawing the modern borders of Iraq , which the United States and other countries have expended a good deal of blood and treasure to maintain and defend.
General McMaster and Mr. Tillerson were present for the Oval Office meeting, and at a White House news briefing on Tuesday, Mr. McMaster told reporters that “none of us felt in any way that that conversation was inappropriate.” Lawmakers have called for more information about the meeting, during which Mr. Trump also revealed classified information gathered by Israeli intelligence officials — a revelation first reported by The Washington Post.
One way to try to counteract this unconscious behavior is to think about donating our older purchases to friends or family members, Professor Bellezza said: “When we are thinking about giving things to someone that we care about, we become less careless.”
Since then, Boy had given Kotov a wealth of information on the party, and from his reserves post in military intelligence.
Now, suitcases are getting a host of technical features, introduced for the most part by start-up companies and sometimes paid for with crowdfunding.
And the muckraking journalist Upton Sinclair described Princeton as “the most perfect school of snobbery in America” with “few Jews” and “no Negroes.” Into the 1950s, some entering classes included not a single African-American.
Read the entire article, then write an essay in response about how, or whether, you believe Mr. Trump can gain the trust of African-Americans.
Though project maps show the land had been designated for habitat conservation and flood management, the commission, responding to questions from The New York Times, said that the area had never been included in the original flood control project.
REPORTER: Senator McCain said that the alt-right is behind these and he linked that same group to those that perpetrated the attack in Charlottesville.
At base, Trump is an infantalist.
Do I opt for the kill shelter — thereby saving lives?
“What is Ivanka Trump going to be to Japan more than a celebrity figure?” said Nancy Snow, a professor of diplomacy at Kyoto University of Foreign Studies who attended the speech.
“It was an article that made people smile, made them feel good, and then they went about their day basically, and I think there’s nothing wrong with that.”
But because the phones were so advanced, Japan was slow to adopt smartphones, and it went from tech giant to tech laggard in 15 years.
She didn’t know what else to do for her daughter.
Not only are Wilson’s poems and plays necessary, but they will continue to be vital in understanding the complexities of the common man.
That’s the scary part, I don’t really know if I am intelligent or a fool.
(Parking at Hartsfield-Jackson ranges from $10 a day for the distant park-and-ride lots to $36 a day at lots close to the terminals.)
He looked effortlessly dapper as he settled into a sofa beside a fireplace in the drawing room, which looked like a den in a viscount’s country estate with its oil portraits and crystal chandelier.
MASS Design interviewed many patients and staff members in an effort to design and create prototypes of beds that would be comfortable as well as easily sanitized and reused.
No one knows exactly what happened to many Rohingya: I searched for people from Rohingya villages I had visited in Myanmar in 2014 and 2015 but couldn’t find them.
Blueberries on a sandy hillside here grow to be five times as big as a normal-size blueberry before being sent to China, where they are prized for their size.
Where are some of the most intriguing places that you have visited?
But it is precisely this once-and-future cult that’s crucial to understanding Obama’s greatest failure, and the part he played in delivering us to Trumpism.
But the precise shape of future climate talks remains an open question.
We need to get more hard data on the racial discipline gap from resistant school districts.
He is also a high school basketball coach.
When it comes to cat treats, “we’re the leader in the categories, but only 50 percent of cat owners are treating,” said Mr. Neely, who has a dog.
I was riding my bike around the block when I was 13 and decided to stand on the seat with no hands.
The campus is decorated with psychedelic paintings of civil rights icons such as Cesar Chavez and the Rev.
But topicality is all or at least a large part of the movie’s draw.
So we’re still left wondering what’s up with Renee.
But he also has a reputation for losing his temper.
But even after a wake, in which her daughter was dressed all in white, and a funeral, in Ecuador, she said the randomness of the death — in which a person with no enemies or vices was taken violently — remained the abiding mystery.
London’s program at a branch of for-profit Everest College does not provide such specialized training.
We most likely watched the first scenario play out when the army of Syria’s president, Bashar al-Assad, together with Iranian militias and Russian forces, stormed Aleppo.
(About 30 members of Pi Delta Psi, including Andy Meng and Revel Deng, are still facing lesser charges connected to Michael Deng’s death.
Huddles remain the pervasive norm, but increasingly, many are condensed to several harried seconds, as quarterbacks bolt to the line of scrimmage and rely on hand signals and code words to communicate a new play to teammates as they line up.
Few employers offer workers the opportunity to take breaks and return to their jobs, so sometimes the “gap year” is actually more of a gap between work and retirement.
“You can drink in an Uber,” Ms Kafkis said.
In May, he posted several remarks disparaging the influence of Ivanka Trump, the president’s daughter, and Jared Kushner, his son-in-law, in the White House, suggesting they were part of “the swamp” the president had promised to drain.
“He needs to show us his tax returns so that we can tell who’s influencing his decisions, who he owes money to, who he’s doing business with — really so we can figure out whether he needs to be impeached.” Mr. Trump avoided the protest, taking a more circuitous route in his motorcade as he returned from a morning outing to his golf club in West Palm Beach.
Tyler Richardson welcomes a new batch of comics to this monthly free series.
Then, in 1971, the group discovered that one of the abortionists was not, as he’d claimed, a doctor.
At the Coney Island Houses in Brooklyn, portable boilers sit in a large white trailer.
He will give backbone to the post-Comey F.B.I.
T-shirt – for “The Best Ever” – watched one of these spontaneous bursts with an expression that was equal parts admiration and disbelief.
The White House had initially said the Russia investigation had nothing to do with Mr. Comey’s dismissal.
Mr. Tajani, an Italian who beat out his countryman Gianni Pittella in the fourth round of voting, takes over as the European Union confronts an array of pressing issues.
Undeterred by Madrid’s threat to seize control of Catalonia, regional lawmakers passed a resolution to “create a Catalan republic as an independent state.” • The territorial dispute represents Spain’s greatest constitutional crisis since it embraced democracy in 1978.
To prevent this exam from being overlooked, Dr. Kaelber suggested that parents gently nudge the practitioner by asking, “By the way, how is my child’s blood pressure doing?” If, based on the chart, blood pressure is above normal, the guidelines offer clear follow-up procedures, for example, when to recheck the child, whether to prescribe lifestyle measures like dietary changes and physical activity or drug treatment, and when to look for a possible underlying cause of blood pressure that is persistently elevated despite treatment.
The cause of death was “hemorrhagic shock caused by blunt-force trauma,” the medical examiner said.
The writer is emeritus professor of education, history and public policy at Brown University.
Whatever the outcome, the events leading up to the trial smashed the image Mr. Cosby had built over more than half a century in show business, as a genial comedian, the upstanding paterfamilias in the wildly popular 1980s and ’90s sitcom “The Cosby Show,” and a moralizing public figure.
Mr. Broome said that he and Netflix both tried to get Mr. Penn’s participation, but received no response.
The closer came in the fourth quarter, when Manning fumbled on a sack and Arizona’s Robert Nkemdiche rumbled 22 yards for a touchdown to put the Cardinals up by 23-0.
As a result, Mr. Trump’s top advisers and Republicans on the Hill are uncertain on how to proceed and unsure what is even possible given the party divisions exposed by the Obamacare repeal effort.
Speaking of random, is that chair made out of real bones?
Rising sea levels could devastate its heavily populated coast.
... No one deserves a chance to walk off into the sunset at the height of his powers as Graydon.
The commander of the army, Gen. Eduardo Dias da Costa Villas Boas, then wrote on Twitter that the armed forces remained committed to hewing to the constitution, essentially swatting down speculation about a potential coup.
Though for American viewers the story echoes the Bill Cosby situation, this is a British show (it invokes the Jimmy Savile case ), and no media is more brutal than Britain’s when it gets hold of a scandal.
But the American declaration could actually hurt those efforts.
It’s helpful to follow news organizations — when there’s big news, they’ll all be tweeting about it.
And that’s exactly how Mette Hay got the idea to launch a new kitchen line for Hay, the Danish design brand she co-founded.
Some sponsorship contracts determine a bonus based on a player’s average ranking over 52 weeks but many favor the year-end ranking.
Theatergoers who have been naughty and nice can take a sleigh ride to this revival of this holiday musical, based on the Will Ferrell comedy about a foundling adopted by Santa.
Most earlier accounts viewed Dr. Macleod as undeserving of the honor, placing him on an overseas holiday while Dr. Banting and Mr. Best labored away.
Primarily abstract, primarily American and primarily artists from the ’50s and ’60s.
Welcome to Best of Late Night, a rundown that lets you sleep — and lets us get paid to watch comedy.
When Indigenous groups fought to protect their lands, colonists responded with the utmost savagery .
He finished a dismal 12th.
They pay a fortune for their cabs and are required to take the Knowledge test, which consumes years of effort.
Customs and Border Protection has a wide range of responsibilities, including securing the nation’s physical borders, screening visitors and cargo entering the country, and protecting its agricultural products from the introduction of pests and diseases.
There have been a number of anti-Trump protests, but the hotel has also received plenty of free publicity.
He has put his controlling share of Rolling Stone up for sale.
[ The New York Times ] • A French music magazine drew criticism for featuring on its cover a rock star who had been convicted of killing his girlfriend.
“As more soccer schools are built, there’ll be more and more kids playing, and the stars will multiply, too,” said Liu Jiangnan, the principal of the school, which opened in 2012.
Our relationship became the safe space for all of us to take risks with each other’s support and love.
But Mr. Grassley suggested the crowds were no less bona fide than the more friendly ones he usually gets when he makes his annual tour of all 99 Iowa counties.
The skepticism is shared by economists, who overwhelmingly say the bill would increase the deficit while giving only a modest boost to the economy.
Rates have remained steady in the developing world since the early 1990s.
That transaction, if approved, could transform CVS’s 10,000 drugstores into community-based health care “hubs,” where people could get blood tests or help managing a chronic disease like diabetes.
But the documents betrayed something else: conspicuous secrecy.
We know that Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker in the original trilogy, is in the next film.
That’s because prosecutors are choosing to pursue life-without-parole sentences for these cases again .
experiments on YouTube, including trying alternative makeup primers — in one video, she found Vagisil superior to KY Jelly and Milk of Magnesia.
“This is an uncut diamond,” she said.
They also said that working with a resettlement agency meets the standard for a “bona fide” relationship with an entity in the United States.
Moreover, its method of tracking such numbers conflates leaks to the news media with other types of unauthorized disclosures, like spying for a foreign power.
WHAT’S THE HIGHEST-END S&M riding crop on the market?
“I never thought about how powerful a letter was,” one of the staffers told us.
And through it all, various animals — a hippo, a gorilla, a snake, a leopard and more — took chunks out of Mr. Root or otherwise injured him.
Briefings during the Obama administration followed a similar pattern, with viewership fluctuating depending on events.
“But we tried to be fairly conservative in our estimate of where battery prices are going,” Mr. McKerracher said, “and we don’t see barriers to electric vehicles’ becoming cost competitive very soon.” Other experts caution that falling battery costs are not the only factor in determining whether electric cars become widespread.
The Clear program is significantly more expensive ($179 annually, though there is a discount for Delta SkyMiles members) but promises an enhanced security experience by not requiring members to have their IDs — verification of identity is done biometrically.
If a room full of rich, white men can’t solve racism, nobody can.” — STEPHEN COLBERT, quoting a Washington Post article from Tuesday “Apparently, over the summer, Donald Trump met with top military officials and said he wanted a nearly tenfold increase in the nuclear arsenal.
This included Rihanna, who wore a kaleidoscopic Comme des Garçons dress with swirling layers of floral flounces.
“Even though he welcomes a better relationship with this U.S. president, he wants to be cautious that he does not appear to be embracing the U.S. too much,” Mr. Kurlantzick said, “given that he has devoted a fair amount of diplomatic resources to courting China.”
About 9.2 million Americans picked an Obamacare marketplace plan for this year, according to a government report released Friday.
646-223-3010, newvictory.org LES PARFAITS INCONNUS at Symphony Space (Jan. 7, 11 a.m. and 2 p.m.).
The pilot was identified by The Associated Press as Max Quartermain, who operated a company called Corporate and Leisure Aviation with his wife, Cilla, according to the firm’s website.
Customers would line up outside the store for its most popular item, a rice cake called Bak Tong Gou in Cantonese — a sweet and spongy glutinous pastry — that is presented as an offering to deceased relatives.
But the college removed it, according to a statement posted on its Facebook page, after reports circulated that it contained stolen artifacts.
Mr. Rokos was under a noncompete agreement, which effectively meant that he could not manage money for outside investors for five years after his departure.
It’s one of those things, if it’s something that he wants to be involved in, you can’t sit around and wait for the Yankees to come up for sale.” Another former teammate, C. C. Sabathia, said he would never want to own a team because he would not want the blame when things went awry.
Otherwise, why would they start feeling so strange after they drank it?
There she would make costumes for the strippers, one of whom was transgender, and paid Ms. Lepore with black-market estrogen.
Bruce, who avidly tracks trade rumors, certainly was aware.
Jamaica legalized marijuana for medical, religious and scientific use in 2015.
Heiny’s follow-up to her 2015 short story collection “Single, Carefree, Mellow” opens with a husband, Graham, and wife, Audra, doing their grocery shopping on a Saturday morning in New York City.
“I can totally see fatigue setting in,” Mr. El Akkad said.
If the Netherlands succumbs, France cannot be far behind.
As each part of the sundered city went its own way after the collapse of the Soviet Union, both struggled with the same economic calamities as Soviet-era factories went bankrupt.
Myanmar’s Army embarked on a scorched-earth counterinsurgency , and when soldiers couldn’t find rebels, they unleashed their fury on civilians.
More information, including the full season lineup, is at americanrepertorytheater.org .
The judge’s younger brother, the statement said, “lost his battle with terminal lung cancer” in 2014.
Known as “the international kiss,” it failed to stop the aggression that lay ahead in the decade that followed.
But the demonstrations don’t seem to have loosened his grip on his party, the United Malays National Organization, nor UMNO’s grip on Malaysia: UMNO has been governing the country in coalition governments for six decades.
“The administration’s proposal would radically change the nature of the federal government’s relationship with the research community, abandoning the government’s long-established responsibility for underwriting much of the nation’s research infrastructure, and jeopardizing biomedical research nationwide,” the Senate Appropriations Committee said in a report on its bill.
Two passengers in the car, Jeronda Oliver, 18, and Eboni Clinton, 19, were charged with hindering prosecution.
So I threw in whole peppercorns, cinnamon and a pod of green cardamom split open between my thumb and index finger.
As many as 45 million fake one-pound coins are said to be in circulation.
Propose an amendment to prevent the president from lifting sanctions on Russia.
Not long after he started his testimony on Wednesday, Judge Gorsuch defended an opinion he had written that ruled against an autistic student whose parents had sought reimbursement for his education under a federal law, the Individuals with Disability Education Act.
There is nothing average about a fighter who sustained a broken jaw in the second round of a six-round bout, as a 20-year-old Smith did against Eddie Caminero in his seventh pro fight, and continued for two more rounds before the fight was stopped for his only loss.
Ultimately, the improved atmosphere for talks could facilitate negotiations on two tracks — between Israelis and Palestinians to separate into two states, and between Israel and Arab countries to achieve normal relations and a regional security structure.
But why take his act to Broadway?
Others worried that an activist approach would backfire.
One of the suspects was taken to Marion County Holding at Eskenazi Hospital while the other went to the local juvenile detention center.
Or even on the list at all.
When social democrats tried to respond, they appealed halfheartedly to economic protectionism, while ignoring these voters’ identity politics altogether or clinging to a liberal commitment to open borders.
After his meditative ambling, Mr. Ford would board an F train and ride it back and forth for the remainder of the night.
Other apps you may already use could also work for group calls.
• Malaysia is investigating a reported attempt to sell the personal information of more than 46 million mobile phone subscribers , after a data breach that may have affected almost the entire population.
That day had been a particularly contentious one for Mr. Trump, then the Republican presidential nominee: In a Washington Post interview , he refused to say that President Obama was born in the United States, and his son Donald Jr. was being criticized for saying “they’d be warming up the gas chamber” if Republicans behaved as Democrats did.
Fairgoers will have a chance to see Burden’s “Ode to Santos Dumont” (2015), an operational airship inspired by the aviation pioneer Alberto Santos-Dumont.
“I’m an optimistic guy,” Fasel said.
Often I formulate a work both for the theater and visual-art context.
Someone will come along and fill it again, as old Prince gives way to the new, but the void left inside by a boy who dropped from sight will remain.
In an era that rewards people less for their talent than for their associations with other famous people and the ability to leverage those associations over Instagram and Twitter, Sade’s disinterest in self-promotion has had a reverse effect.
Named after a Portuguese word that refers to the act of longing for something that likely will never exist, “Saudade” features the dancers grappling with intimacy and loss to music by the Icelandic cellist Hildur Guðnadóttir.
But there is fundamental disagreement among scholars in assessing the tribunal’s value beyond the three convictions.
It is unclear how much of those types of stock he already owns.
They managed to keep the project running till March 2015.
• HBO should be riding high with the success of “Game of Thrones,” but criticism over a coming series and a hack of its computer system have turned a triumphant summer into an exhausting one.
With the release of the indictments and plea deal, Republicans in Congress need to abandon this absurd denial of reality and start asking serious questions about the validity of the 2016 election and of the Trump administration: Why was the Trump campaign talking with people tied to Moscow, especially ones who offered to provide it with Clinton campaign emails?
Is it simply a horrendous crime problem, or is it an actual war?
“Those two goals aren’t mutually exclusive,” he said.
“It provides exposure in a way that patients feel safe,” she said.
This series for young audiences (ages 8 and up), presented by the New Victory Theater, returns with an eclectic lineup of hip-hop and modern dance.
It’s not about getting over and letting go.” I looked down at my hands and considered how this could possibly be about anything else.
“Sprague and I drove hurriedly back to the spot almost an hour after we had pushed the car up the hill.
That’s because the same digital platform that offers us social interaction, news, entertainment and shopping all in one place makes its money by making it cheap and easy to send us commercial or political messages, often guided by algorithms.
Restoration work sometimes requires the closing of beaches, funneling people to nearby beaches and creating more crowding and access issues.
Our traditional Easter dinner is the same every year, just like Thanksgiving, but instead of brown gravy, amber liquor and familial tension, it comes with bright green peas and lemon yellow jelly beans and an exuberant handmade bonnet pageant.
The opener, “The Fairy’s Kiss,” was like a pop-up children’s book version of a ballet, complete with a colorful windmill and puffy storybook clouds.
They’re searching for a glimmer of what they call their real self.
(Want to get this briefing by email?
In 1991, George Bush was stunned when his attorney general, Dick Thornburgh, lost a special election for Senate against Harris Wofford, a little-known Democrat whose strategists went on to help Bill Clinton topple the incumbent president a year later.
To the Editor: Your assertion that “since setting off the nuclear age, America has been the major, if imperfect, force behind the restraints that exist” ignores the sorry history of the United States’ provocative expansion of its nuclear arms and delivery system programs as well as its rejection of numerous offers from Russia, China and even North Korea to ratchet down the hostilities.
A few movie theaters staged women-only showings of “Wonder Woman,” to which some men cried foul.
“To get to the bottom of this is ultimately going to be a good thing for the university and City College.” Last week, CUNY instituted new procedures for payments to faculty and staff, in addition to their regular salaries, from sources like the CUNY Research Foundation to require advance approval of the CUNY chancellor.
A year ago WME/IMG, which is run by Ari Emanuel and Patrick Whitesell, led a group that purchased U.F.C.
The couple met at the University of Chicago, from which both graduated.
Over time, our children’s piles have become markers of their growth, like the scrawled lines on the kitchen cabinet showing their assorted heights.
Although Beijing removed the policy four years later after protests by the United States, the competitive damage was done, with Chinese companies gaining significant scale and expertise .
“That is an interesting longer-term question about sustainability,” Mr. Pallas said.
He was signed by the Red Sox after being scouted in the summer of 1936 by Eddie Collins, the Boston general manager and himself a former second baseman and future Hall of Famer.
Rhys Hoskins, a rookie for the Philadelphia Phillies, recently belted his 18th home run in just his 34th career game — by far the fastest anyone has ever reached 18 homers.
Keeping the schools open, even if they’re low-performing, can become a temptation, Miron told me.
Her death, in hospice care, was confirmed by her daughter, Alessandra Gillen.
That would be awesome.” After her first-round match, Williams broke down in tears at her news conference while discussing the fatal accident she was involved in on June 9 in Florida.
Sixty percent of those caring for older family members report having to reduce the number of hours they work, take a leave of absence or make other career changes.
Their title drought — 55 seasons, before last night — never received as much national attention as Chicago’s or Boston’s.
It’s necessary to be cautious.” There were numerous crashes, including two involving key support riders for the overall favorites — Alejandro Valverde, who assists Quintana at Movistar, and Nicolas Roche, who helps Porte with BMC.
“The tragedy shows that this can happen anywhere, at any time.”
The 12 pitchers threw 206 pitches as the Angels won in 11 innings.
The bride and groom work at ABC News in New York, where they met.
Mayor Bill de Blasio tried to settle the case last year by appointing a civilian representative to serve on the panel that oversees counterterrorism activities.
But he still thinks Democrats know best.
A constellation of polka-dot biomorphic sculptures by Yayoi Kusama will populate a “town square” in the middle of Pier 94 and a word-based light sculpture by Ivan Navarro will respond kinetically to the noise level of visitor traffic near the entrance.
But adolescent preconceptions about jocks and geeks are overcome, and the two form an unlikely friendship challenged by the school’s homophobic atmosphere.
researcher turned venture capitalist, “we might say that grandmasters are still largely North American, but Chinese occupy increasingly greater portions of the master-level A.I.
Prices from 990 euros (about $1,130), including accommodations and most activities and meals.
There were a few pre-official-tour appearances for his coming book tour for “Superficial: More Adventures From the Andy Cohen Diaries.” He had been talking for hours on his weekly radio shows (plural), as well as negotiating and announcing his new book imprint, Andy Cohen Books.
At the same time, Mr. Fallon is not abandoning his passion for high-quality tinned Spanish and Portuguese seafood.
“It’s not an easy place to be in the minority,” he said.
Wade was born in Bournemouth, moved to South Africa as a baby, and then returned as a teenager.
“Muet” is French for “mute,” and there is no dialogue in this inventive and oxygenating tiny-cast retelling of “Macbeth,” one of two bold takes on the play that I saw this week.
“It’s going to stay here, that’s the big thing,” Mr. Peters said after the vote on Tuesday night.
42A: A walk-off win is when the home team goes ahead in the bottom of the ninth or later inning.
An evening with Mr. Silverbush provided a window into the mind of one of the lawyers charged with persuading judges and juries to evict tenants from their homes.
She moved to Canada in 1954 and soon began a long-distance romance with Stanley Adelman, who had been born in Dabrowa Gornicza, Poland, and had been held in five concentration camps in World War II.
The Thayer School of Engineering at Dartmouth, for example, saw a 30 percent decrease in international applications to its professional master’s program for this semester, according to the dean, Joseph J. Helble.
Alex describes Bannon’s approach as ‘‘theatrical,’’ but other people are more blunt.
Even in the best of situations, distance running can be an isolating life of training twice a day and sleeping.
Young pinks may have crossed the Atlantic growing among the roots of ornamental or commercial plant species being exported to the New World, or perhaps they hitched their way here as seeds among grains intended for livestock feed.
And whether they are repeated matter of factly, or told with awe or wariness, they remain astonishing.
“You want to rely less on artificial lighting and more on natural light, which can help improve your energy, mood and sleep when you travel,” he said.
There were ironed shirts and shiny shoes for those mornings.
Mr. Picardi, who is also the digital editorial director of Allure, is credited within the company for the title’s recent digital growth.
Cape Verde said, “We will support this,” which is really great because this is not only about, you know, the Nordics.
Simpson, the former football star and actor, above, was paroled after serving nine years in prison on charges related to an armed robbery in 2007.
“But no censorship does not mean there is no management.” To quell what was perceived as a freewheeling social media, Mr. Lu went after some of the country’s biggest internet personalities.
“I didn’t think of it necessarily as so much a goodbye,” he said, “as just wanting to show her my love and to give her some sense that I was there with her in spirit, at least, and in thought.” Ms. McDonald, in a telephone interview, said she sent a recording “just to tell her that I loved her.” “Once I started working with her, I was able to see that there had been not necessarily an easy way to do it, but an ultimately truthful way to perform in concert,” Ms. McDonald said.
But the Trump administration’s decision to do so now, at the very moment it is devising a strategy for Afghanistan, underlines the Pentagon’s outsize role in the process.
My mom is Christian (her father is a Methodist minister) and my dad is Jewish (his mother was raised Orthodox).
“Our data shows that the number of registered injuries across the whole player group has been reasonably flat in the last three years.” But the trend has been disquietingly upward among the tour elite.
Mr. Spicer said that was a direct reference to the centerpiece of House Republicans’ proposal to overhaul the tax code.
Mr. Santiago, who entered a no-contest plea last year on a misdemeanor domestic violence charge but has no record of being committed, told the F.B.I.
With me facing the prospect of death and all that?
GIRLFRIENDS’ GUIDE TO DIVORCE 10 p.m. on Bravo.
They cut their moral teeth on the civil rights and feminist movements.
Robert Olmstead’s seventh novel is set in the reddening dusk of 1870s Indian Territory, where lives were often unmoored by any strictures of civilization, but the “Savage Country” of its title might equally refer to the human heart at large, with its alternating impulses of ambition and cruelty, humanity and inhumanity.
To the Editor: Dear President Trump: Congratulations on your first 100 days in office.
In one of her final public appearances as the Fed’s chairwoman, Ms. Yellen answered questions about policy in her trademark clear and steady style that has eliminated much of the guesswork that was once required to divine the Fed’s intentions.
It was on Korean exchanges where the price of Bitcoin first hit $10,000 on Monday.
He said that he knew Rebecca Corry, one of the women who spoke to The Times, “and she couldn’t tell me about this.” “There was no place for them to go with these stories, where they felt safe to tell them,” Mr. Maron said.
Zoning laws made it difficult to move, and experts were unsure how much of the house was actually from the original era.
They were concerned that the state and national governments, which were in a debate over debts related to the Revolutionary War, did not have their best interests at heart.
What’s this guy going to do to mess this up this time?” “Prostitutes?” Jones responded.
In the home of the younger Mr. Wunsch, who runs digital and marketing strategy for Sotheby’s, traces of his grandfather’s legacy remain.
Clapper and Brennan shot back at Trump on CNN on Sunday morning, claiming that the president was being played.
A list of appointees and nominees for top posts in the new administration.
“I have seen a Jarawa girl,” he said.
The bill, which could add as many as one million voters to the state’s rolls, was signed by Gov.
The ruling on Tuesday comes as gay rights advocates have voiced concern about the potential rollback of protections under President Trump.
A 12-year-old who lives down the street trudged through the drift to bring her a plate of ham, green beans and mashed potatoes as a Christmas dinner, and Ms. Foley, who lives alone, said she had stretched the food out over three days, not knowing when she would be able to get out.
It includes a detailed week’s worth of inexpensive meals for a family of six, complete with recipes and other instructions.
But in circumstances like these, a cycle of collective revenge continues unabated, and Turkish society’s root problem — the inability to share power with all citizens — will never be solved.
“All Manchester is missing,” the Stone Roses lead singer, Ian Brown, said, “is a beach.” In 1993, the city felt sufficiently sure of itself to make a bid to host the 2000 Olympics.
I spent a year as a Brookings economic policy fellow at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development and 20 years at the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies.
Mr. Vickers and the other owners are neither employees nor franchise holders.
Her mother is a pediatric clinical pharmacist at St. Joseph’s Children’s Hospital in Paterson, N.J.
In May 1981, not long after, Dr. Keyworth was installed as a senior White House official advising President Reagan on matters of science and national security.
From Uppsala, we flew to Lulea, a seaside town of 70,000 at the mouth of the Lule River.
“In the Time of Madness,” published in 2005, served up an unapologetically febrile account of the chaos that erupted across Indonesia with the end of President Suharto’s reign.
Rick has been taken prisoner by Jadis and the Scavengers after failing to recruit them as allies, and his captivity brings the series to a scene fans have eagerly awaited ever since early promotion for Season 8 included the image of a blinded, feral zombie with a crude crown of nails.
Yes, the women’s-and-sometimes-men’s-wear-show circus is about to begin: officially next Thursday, but actually next Wednesday.
The score, with its eerie leitmotif, is by Howard Shore.
Over the last few months, hard-line Islamist groups have set up posters around Jakarta that say the current administration is “criminalizing” religious scholars.
Even the rhythm of her career has been unpredictable.
“The biggest risk, if you’re investing in real estate, is that the house doesn’t appreciate,” said Nela Richardson, the chief economist for Redfin.
After the people made mistakes, their self-confidence didn’t budge.
As part of the fallout from the events, Ms. Keeler served six months in prison for perjury and obstruction of justice stemming from false statements she had made about another lover, Aloysius Gordon.
So-called passive owners of businesses like real estate partnerships and hedge funds or even a local landscaping service, the example that Republicans pointed to when unveiling the plan last week, would enjoy the largest tax cut of all individual taxpayers under the bill.
For another, our era of relative security (nearly a half-century without a conscripted military) has diminished the solemnity that accompanied politics in the past.
Never a day in my life.
That makes it almost threatening to mainstream storytellers and carefully calibrated celebrity personas, like the stuff of illicit hack or snuff film.
The firm employs lawyers for Mr. Kushner and for Mr. Trump’s former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort.
“We were digging in the basement to put in posts to shore up the house,” Mr. Hayman said.
One is the standard problem for this kind of assemblage: the need to give everyone equal screen time, and the exposition required to make sense of their getting together, means less of the things we come to comic-book stories for.
It’s particularly interesting in the light of current thoughts on the conventionality of male-female partnering in ballet; here is a moment in which the man is cast as nothing more than a support — and yet MacMillan creates something poetic and ambiguous in the matter-of-fact relationship: What are they thinking when their eyes meet at the end?
And in 2017, it feels more relevant than ever.
Clare Hollingworth was born on Oct. 10, 1911, in Knighton in central England, outside Leicester.
Please try to be as specific as you can about what you have seen and where you would suggest we go and email us at CAtoday@nytimes.com .
After all, if your upbringing was colored by krautrock, Kabuki doesn’t come into it.
But back on his favored grass surface, Federer won his fourth consecutive Wimbledon title, 6-0, 7-6 (5), 6-7 (2), 6-3.
_____ • American wildlife officials identified human-driven climate change as the biggest threat to the survival of polar bears , saying that without decisive action to combat global warming, the bears would almost certainly disappear.
The shortage of potable water is so severe that officials fear residents might be tapping toxic Superfund sites.
“This must be the right place, it sounds like the name of a great party we threw here once,” he quipped.
In fall 2014, another of Ms. Hood’s books, “An Italian Wife,” had just been published.
But it did come with a decent income.
This argument boils down to practicalities of governance: The stigma of being indicted and the burden of a trial would unduly interfere with a president’s ability to carry out his duties, preventing the executive branch “from accomplishing its constitutional functions” in a way that cannot “be justified by an overriding need,” Mr. Dixon wrote.
Even the players have security wands waved over them at a checkpoint.
Originally published in Great Britian in 1996, this is the story of a motherless girl raised by a bevy of eccentrics — the latest novel to appear in the United States from the beloved British author.
Some investors want to emphasize timber in their portfolios, and a focused E.T.F.
He was accused of serial sexual harassment that went on for years, though he was never charged with a crime.
Mr. Menendez called on President Trump to deploy more resources to the island, where his brother lives.
It’s perfectly possible Kim takes it for a compliment since he does like rockets.
Qatar seems intent on leveraging its immense wealth to ride out the storm.
ruling — it will have to prove that its promotion decisions were unbiased and fair.
Just go to church, guys.
Outwardly, the story seems familiar: A really nice guy falls for a woman he may not be worthy of and nearly blows it.
Whether they are an exception, or part of a larger trend toward more protection across the board, is difficult to determine.
For whatever reason, the tree had failed to thrive, and David Genzoli, Danielle’s father, planned to rip it out.
“Do you think Cunard allows dancehall?” I asked him.
Another Twitter user, defending Donald Trump after the infamous ‘‘Access Hollywood’’ tape, wrote: ‘‘Stop virtue signaling.
The show first ran at the Provincetown Playhouse in January, with Rachel Tuggle Whorton reading Mr. Trump’s words and Daryl Embry handling Hillary Clinton’s.
Earlier in the evening, after trailing, 19-8, midway through the first half to No.
Some evangelicals have grown so frustrated with their tradition’s captivity to a particular brand of politics — and the idolatries of white supremacy and the free market — that they have proposed a radical withdrawal from both Moral Majority-style activism and modern consumer culture.
Their love-hate relationship spanned decades, and they were now on the outs.
Trained in basic health care, the CHWs assist in emergencies and also — as important — take steps to prevent those emergencies from happening.
“We would have seen that well before the election,” he said.
I was surprised to see the clue we had for TOMY, “Big name in toys headquartered in Japan”, was replaced by the partial TO MY.
The lineup has not been finalized but she says there are “binders full” of possibilities.
Now, two of the nation’s biggest residential-construction companies are merging in hopes that their combined heft will help them counter those forces.
It’s handsomely shot (on New York City locations) and smoothly assembled, and its naturalistic, psychological, more moody than pulpy approach may work for non-comics fans who don’t mind some gore with their procedural thrillers.
Smith showed up at spring training 24 pounds lighter after adding more broccoli, brown rice and grilled chicken to his diet.
We are here for you if you run into trouble along the way.
In December, the United States conducted an intense bombing campaign against Hanoi, leading the North Vietnamese to cut off contact.
and Nazis are small fringe groups that have never been welcome in the G.O.P.” David Shulkin, the secretary of veterans affairs, delivered an emotional statement to reporters on Wednesday at Mr. Trump’s private golf club in Bedminster, N.J., where the president is vacationing.
On Wednesday night, Russell Westbrook will complete his rather outrageous (statistically speaking) regular season.
Mr. Moor-Jankowski, 45, is a freelance documentary filmmaker in Brooklyn and Portland, Me.
My friend Andy Martin is a Cambridge don of French literature.
“We’re doing double what we and Marriott thought we would do,” he said.
212-576-2232, jazzstandard.com GUILLERMO KLEIN SEXTET at the Cornelia Street Café (May 27, 9 and 10:30 p.m.).
It’s one partnership in one metropolitan area, focused on small businesses.
He is Shakespeare in the flesh.
“I always find it surprising when that gets commented upon,” Mr. Knight said.
And Yemen has withdrawn permission for U.S. Special Operations ground missions in its country amid outrage over civilian casualties in a commando raid, the first authorized by Mr. Trump.
______ Migrants walking past a church, escorted by Slovenian riot police to a registration camp outside Dobova, Slovenia.
Browse past briefings here .
It’s 17 days away from Washington, but it’s a working vacation.
The investigation concluded that 105 civilians were killed: 101 in the building that was bombed, which was owned by a respected elder who invited people in the neighborhood to shelter there, and four in an adjacent structure.
This immigrant ban is a blemish, and it is un-American.
If the North intended Mr. Warmbier’s release as a diplomatic overture toward Washington, whether it leads to broader talks would depend on Mr. Warmbier’s condition, analysts said.
In addition to starring in “Sick,” he recently appeared in the Ice Cube comedy “ Fist Fight ” and has a role in the coming “Lego Ninjago Movie.” On “Silicon Valley,” which began its fourth season last month, his character, Dinesh, has several groundbreaking moments, including a brief taste of venture capital-backed power and a date with an actual girl.
Alone in the Oval Office with a president who had already tried through a veiled threat to establish a “patronage relationship,” Comey, as he explained in testimony to the committee, interpreted the president’s words as “a direction.” How could he not?
And she didn’t want to seem exploitative, so she refused on principle to blast the groups’ lists with what she called “hair-on-fire send-$5-now-or-the-world-will-end emails.” Though in theory these groups had diverse goals, the impression they made on Sorenson was one of a great, reverberant longing.
Mr. Sakhanh’s defense lawyer, Thomas Olsson, argued that the captured prisoners had been convicted of rape and murder after a fair trial — regardless of the circumstances.
We laid out what would happen if Offred was pregnant, and what if Serena Joy was extra super mad at her?
It shuffled its colors to an empty road.” They stop here at a small shanty by the road, where a teenage acquaintance named Jamil elects to join them.
Personally, soccer is a big part of my life and has been almost all my life.
_____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern.
“Or we’d go in and be like, ‘Where would the bed fit in the living room?’ And she’d be like, ‘A bed doesn’t fit in here.
How to look at her flesh?
“We are things that labor under the illusion of having a self.” In “True Detective,” Rust’s hair reflected the chronology of his nihilism: clean-cut cop haircut before he quits policing and starts drinking heavily; a messy ponytail accessorized with a handlebar mustache seven years later.
Buildings crowd into available spaces and along the waterfront.
has emergency response personnel on the scene and the agency is currently reviewing data received from an aircraft that surveyed the scene,” Scott Pruitt, the agency’s administrator, said in a statement.
Trump is not a national leader; he is a national show.
He claimed that Ms. Boone deceived him by promising a painting, “Sea and Mirror,” by the artist Ross Bleckner, that had been sold at Sotheby’s to a Los Angeles collector in 2007, but in fact supplied Mr. Baldwin with another similar Bleckner painting, also called “Sea and Mirror.” Mr. Baldwin had paid $190,000 for the painting, but had suspicions when it arrived because it appeared brighter and smelled of fresh paint when he received it.
It’s really stressful for me to balance a lot of things.
[ San Diego Union-Tribune] • An interactive map shows how the fires in Southern California spread so fast and so wide.
“She is shocked, that poor lady,” Seddique Mateen, Mr. Mateen’s father, said in June 2016.
He was immediately hooked, but she was already taken.
ASTROS HALT SKID Dallas Keuchel took a shutout into the sixth inning, Jose Altuve homered, and American-League-leading Houston ended its longest skid of the season at five games, beating the Texas Rangers, 2-1, on the road.
That makes it feel like a near-documentary about the entertainment industry, as well as a kick-me sign pinned squarely on its creator’s white, male, middle-aged posterior.
“When the toy business is good, it is really fun,” said Richard Yanofsky, 59, after parking his Tesla outside the deli one afternoon.
The recent detention of princes by Saudi Arabia, OPEC’s de facto leader, has also worried markets.
“We have to stop fighting the rich man’s wars,” he said.
“Before Dien Bien Phu,” he pointed out, “the French Air Force had for all of Indochina (i.e., Cambodia, Laos and North and South Vietnam) a total of 112 fighters and 68 bombers.
That same day, Nanette Lepore will open a pop-up above her garment district studio.
One of the volume’s greatest poems, “Deep Water Trawling,” demonstrates what Graham’s late style can accomplish as she finds herself ambushed by mortality yet eager to investigate a world beyond the self.
Onstage, the Heartbreakers sometimes expanded songs toward psychedelia-tinged jams.
A belief that the world is a better place because this book exists.
This year, they expect to return.
The website for Mr. Hotes’s own foundation highlights its work in redesigning and donating track chairs to wounded veterans.
While muted, American-style fake news has also made an appearance.
Most important, he could serve as a replacement for current Mets closer Addison Reed, a free agent at the end of this season who is likely to be shipped away by Monday’s nonwaiver trade deadline.
The day after the inauguration, he marched into the White House briefing room on Mr. Trump’s orders and lambasted stunned reporters as “dishonest” while claiming, against available evidence, that the inauguration had been the most attended in history.
The berry’s rise to fame in tandem with internal migration yielded a fluid and decentralized network: The guy who picks the fruit sells to the guy with the boat, who sells to the guy with the bigger boat, who sells to the guy with a stall in the market, who sells to the guy with the processing shop, who turns the fruit into frozen purée and ships it to distributors in Rio and São Paulo.
“We are building on this work and improving our data tracking capabilities to ensure we deliver for students and families.” The education department’s report came in the wake of one issued by the city’s public advocate , Letitia James, which found that many families who were given vouchers for special education services were unable to use them.
My name’s Officer [name] with the Police Department,” received a score of 0.84, with the officer’s apology and introduction leading to the positive rating.
“High School” opens as many high school movies do, with a bus ride.
He joined Lilly in 2007 and stepped down as the president of Lilly USA in January.
And there’s more than just paintings on view: ceramics, textiles and scholar’s rocks fill out the panorama.
(Coil, Jan. 11-14) LAURA COLLINS-HUGHES The ingenious playwright Kate Benson had a hit with “A Beautiful Day in November on the Banks of the Greatest of the Great Lakes,” in which sportscasters provided color commentary on a family’s Thanksgiving meal.
Robert Campbell, a public health nurse known as Bobbi, posted photos of his lesions from Kaposi’s sarcoma, a cancer often associated with AIDS, in the window of a pharmacy here, hoping to connect with others who might be suffering.
“We had no food or water.
The country has seized on Trump’s words to reinforce its official narrative that its nuclear arsenal is defensive, meant to protect Koreans from bullying American imperialists.
“Oh, my gosh,” Williams said.
The monthly fare is $407.
“Hygge comes from a society that prioritizes tender values and is shaped by the patterns of egalitarian behavior.” “To hygge is to build sanctuary.
Neither article claimed that Mr. Trump or his associates were the target of wiretapping.
And all of this was before the abrupt resignation of Michael T. Flynn as national security adviser and renewed questions about the Trump campaign’s contacts with the Russians.
There has been no abdication, no renunciation of his duties by Mr. Trump for one simple reason.
A reduced security deposit “is sort of becoming the new normal,” said Sofia Estevez, an executive vice president at TF Cornerstone .
Separating health insurance from employment has also freed people to pursue the work they want to be doing.
In May 2013, the university’s research integrity officer — ostensibly an impartial observer — wrote to Dr. Dahlberg largely to pass along disparaging information on Clare Francis, including the irritation that his or her persistence had caused for some journal editors.
They have been subjected to varying degrees of mental abuse but less often physical torture.
And if she blended in with the dancers, it’s because once upon a time she was one of them, part of the support squad.
For “Gone Now,” that meant executing his most quixotic idea to date: removing his teenage bedroom — where he lived until he was 27 — from his parents’ home, replicating it exactly in a trailer and taking it on tour.
But in misconstruing the facts of the Holocaust — Nazi Germany’s brutally efficient, carefully orchestrated extermination of six million Jews and others — Mr. Spicer instead drew a torrent of criticism and added to the perception that the Trump White House lacks sensitivity and has a tenuous grasp of history.
The project “means a lot to me and my entire family,” she told prospective investors at the Ritz-Carlton Hotel in Beijing.
Follow the New York Today columnists, Alexandra Levine and Jonathan Wolfe , on Twitter.
I’ve always stayed true to the style codes of the house and have kept my eyes open — beauty has a way of finding you that way.
The audience rewarded him with the most whooping, but the show was another ladies’ night (handsomely staged, with fluid transitions, by Manuel Liñan).
We also have briefings timed for the Australian, Asian and American mornings.
“If it came down to a vote, the players would lose every time.” While hundreds of players protested in the weeks after the president first criticized the players and the league, that number has dwindled to about two dozen players who have continued kneeling or sitting during the national anthem — about as many as were protesting before the president began his series of attacks.
The documents reviewed by The Times make it clear that the lower-ranking executives were concerned about acting without approval from top management.
Are Self-Driving Vehicles the Wave of the Future?
Depending on the details of future sanctions, Citgo, wholly owned by the Venezuelan state oil company, could also be crippled.
It gave no indication, however, of when it would do so or even whether it actually intended to create such a new rule.
The comfortable rhythms of family interplay that take years to establish in real life may take more than a few weeks of rehearsal to establish onstage.
Moscow contended that Mr. Yanukovych’s downfall was the result of a Western-inspired coup, and to prevent Ukraine from migrating entirely into the Western camp, it seized Crimea and threw its support to a revolt then taking shape in Ukraine’s east.
The people waiting to know their fate are from every walk of life and every station in society: students, factory workers, accountants, widows.
I also need to know what these tax cuts will cost this country in terms of indebtedness to foreign banks.
“I thought, drama happens on that court all the time, but it’s not used for anything other than tennis.
It was up 8.8 percent in the first eight months from the same period in 2016, according to Commerce Department data.
In about 10 percent, auditors uncovered misappropriation of funds, Mr. Slayton said.
Brandeis is essentially a contender, a striver after changes and reforms that, under our system of government, can properly be achieved only through legislation, not through the judgments of the courts,” one editorial said.
“Things are always a bit asymmetric and a little off at Simone Rocha,” said the hairstylist James Pecis, smiling, backstage at the designer’s fall/winter 2017 show in London.
She stood up and walked them outside.
“It’s destroying families,” he said.
“I had dated a few people I met online,” Dr. Donahey said, “but never had I come across anyone like Ben.
Sexual harassment need not be “severe or pervasive” to constitute a violation of the law, but instead must simply constitute more than “petty slights and trivial inconveniences.” In reality, this means that any unwanted sexual behavior, including sexual comments or jokes, gestures, touching, texts or emails that create a hostile or offensive work environment, is unlawful in New York City.
In fact, about 95 percent of projects do not require environmental reviews at all.
Flags have been lowered, thoughts and prayers tweeted, and sometime this week it will perform the latest episode in the longest-running drama on C-Span: the moment of silence.
“I’m a realist and I know that this company works outside of the traditional frame of a theatrical collaboration.
I hope Mr. Ossoff runs again in 2018, and I hope Democrats all over the country take heart and dig in.
Malnutrition rates have soared above emergency levels, and countless people have died of hunger, United Nations officials said.
Two Boeing officials, who would not speak for attribution, expressed confidence that the company would turn back the unionization effort and suggested that the union was racing to act before Mr. Trump appoints two members to vacant seats on the National Labor Relations Board, which oversees union elections, and overturns its Democratic majority.
These arrangements add intimations of quietly sparkling moonlit views at sea.
That’s always a good place to be; Google’s pitch is, ‘People find stuff here.’” But changing perceptions has not been Pinterest’s only hurdle with advertisers.
But population growth and the demands of industrialization overwhelmed the ecological base that subsistence farmers depended on.
He has said he considers himself living proof “that the state of Arkansas does indeed sentence innocent people to death, despite how infallible these politicians would have you believe the system is.” When he arrived on death row, he said, a fellow inmate, Don Davis, smuggled him food when guards denied it to him.
It was the embassy of Myanmar, not Malaysia.
She is the recipient of the Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in the art history department at Yale.
The alert went to smartphones in Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino, San Diego, Santa Barbara and Ventura Counties.
It completely disappears; it vaporizes at the end of each performance.
The closed streets nearby might explain why the park is overlooked.
This past week, AlphaGo beat the best player in the world , a Chinese national, at a tournament in Wuzhen, China.
But its treatment of these subjects is perhaps undercut by its conventionality, which even extends to the movie’s left turn into a kind of magic realism late in the story.
Even so, the stakes never feel that high: The couple decide together that seeing other people is a bad idea.
Titles here extend the show’s trippy, surrealist or “looney tune” elements.
The first major fund-raising event for the group is to take place in Chicago this spring; David Jacobson, a former ambassador to Canada and an Obama campaign fund-raiser, is hosting the event.
“There’s no culture that does nothing with their hair.” This uncorked a frantic seminar on known global hairstyles of the last several thousand years.
• Hurricane damage in Texas.
A strike last Tuesday brought a large part of the Catalan transport network to a standstill.
“We’re not there yet in terms of having models we can feed into to say that you’ll get X amount of extra G.D.P.
A pleasant, red-cheeked man in a black hat and overcoat stepped forward.
Energy rules quickly ended up at the top of the list.
The board never actually met, Mr. Adler said, but those names on the letterhead acted as a powerful magnet for talent.
On it went, with General Manager Mike Rizzo then telling reporters hours before the first pitch on Wednesday that Strasburg would start after all.
Marshawn Lynch made the biggest news of what otherwise was a routine preseason N.F.L.
Bigger salaries could not be far off.
Mr. Turpin has made a specialty of looking for the “unknown unknowns,” using vast online databases that compile millions of pages of 19th-century newspapers.
As one of the Dalai Lama’s most famous — and oldest — Western pals, Dr. Thurman is still his best and most passionate apologist.
She and one of her daughters pushed him to help advance women in politics; he has pledged that half the candidates his party will field in the coming legislative elections will be women and that he will appoint many to his cabinet.
But, he said, “we can’t address gang violence by violating the Constitution.”
The cinema closed in 2003, but reopened last year as a museum.
Tenant: Blue Dog Cafe Tenant Brokers: Albert J. Manopla, Kassin Sabbagh Realty Landlord: Christos Realty Landlord Brokers: Chris Salizzoni and Jean Bates, Capital Real Estate Advisors $7.5 MILLION Grand Motor Inn 72-51 Grand Avenue (at 73rd Street) Maspeth, Queens A private hotel investor and operator has bought this 1931 two-story, 17,108-square-foot 44-room motel, with parking for up to 14 cars in the rear.
The core may show the effect of rising prices for imports, which are being pushed up by the weak dollar .
Such long tenures often make directors weak voices for investors, he said.
Since December, Mr. Kushner and Ms. Gorelick’s team have consulted with the Office of Government Ethics to create a plan that would satisfy the legal requirements needed for him to serve.
Other things to cook tonight or this week, while thinking of others: Mark’s cool take on vegetarian chorizo , made with tofu; Melissa Clark’s awesome recipe for skillet chicken with tomatoes, pancetta and mozzarella , which we ought just to rename “pizza chicken” because it’s as customizable as any store-bought pie.
Thousands of people have fled eastern Mosul as the fighting has intensified and the front lines have shifted.
Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson is scheduled to arrive in Beijing early Saturday for a brief visit, amid confusing signals about President Trump’s position on two questions looming over the confrontation with North Korea: Is America’s long-term goal to overthrow its leader, Kim Jong-un, or just try to change his behavior?
Horror films thrive on the concept of the “final girl,” the last one left standing to fend off the maniacal killer.
A jury rejected the most important claims but awarded Mr. Trump and his fellow plaintiffs a symbolic $3.
However, even while Citgo can still sell debt, it cannot directly send profits back to the Venezuelan government.
I wish I could say that is the case here.
That’s one reason he took the equivalent of a busload of staffers, American health care providers and journalists to Toronto last weekend, in a two-day trip that was part immersion, part publicity tour.
Mexico being Mexico, a mole nearly always includes chiles.
They said they wanted to protect their sons from being publicly revealed as having been disciplined, or even accused, in a sexual assault case.
Even as Brazil remains the focus, Kaszek’s partners say they plan to increasingly look at Mexico and Colombia, too.
For example, a pair of huge underground holding tanks are expected to reduce the flow of raw sewage into the canal to a relative trickle of 11 million gallons a year, down from the present 26 million gallons.
Sept. 11 “hit home to a lot of people — it didn’t discriminate against 18-year-olds or 90-year-olds,” said Les Kotzer, a wills and estates lawyer at Fish & Associates in Thornhill, Ontario, and a co-author of four books on wills, including “ The Wills Lawyers : Their Stories of Money, Inheritance, Greed, Family and Betrayal.” Mr. Kotzer said that the deaths of entertainment figures like George Michael and Prince had hit home with a generation that grew up with their music.
James B. Comey, the head of the F.B.I., confirmed .
In fact, many states that have passed legislation to take advantage of the Labor Department regulation have included a similar “fiduciary responsibility” requirement in their auto-enrollment programs.
She’s long had a gift for evoking bygone restaurants and chefs.
Many troubled borrowers, especially those who bought their homes at the height of the real estate bubble, owe more on their mortgages than their properties are currently worth.
The scientists were able to mimic the condition in mice by deleting a gene that is mutated in many patients.
The top themes: meditation/prayer, exercising, breakfast, and, of course, coffee.
Mr. Boyle has said that his wife was raped and that the Taliban killed one of their children shortly after birth, an allegation the militants have denied .
For all sea turtles, most male to female ratios are unknown, which is an important aspect of reproduction and appears to be altered with increasing sand temperatures, skewing births toward more females .
“I had to know how much fuel would be needed and how long the trip would take.
Sometimes the weather changes, the seasons change.
“I don’t think they would be strong enough to take control over the entire country,” he said.
In 2004, Chechen militants struck with frightening ferocity.
The European Union, however, set the border demarcation deal with Montenegro as a condition for visa-free travel for Kosovar citizens.
When business leaders said more foreign workers would help the economy, Mr.
Moreover, without the approval or knowledge of the entire board, the Met brought the full force of its resources to bear on the case, hiring an external management consultant as well as two law firms, which conducted a six-week investigation.
“One thing on my bucket list is to record my grandmother’s recipes.
“For millions it will no longer make sense to itemize, and that means fewer charitable gifts: You can only deduct donations if you itemize.” [ Los Angeles Times ] • And a San Diego sports columnist says the bill will hurt college football because it erases an 80 percent deduction for donations tied to premium seat purchases.
Imax film is still great, but there are fewer and fewer releases being made with it.” Among planetariums, said David H. DeVorkin, the senior curator for the history of astronomy at the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum, “bigness has always been a point of honor,” but it is not everything.
Researchers fear that the techniques used to prevent genetic diseases might also be used to enhance intelligence, for example, or to create people physically suited to particular tasks, like serving as soldiers.
Sean Hannity, the Fox News host who speaks frequently with Mr. Trump, floated the possibility of a daily press briefing where journalists were required to submit written questions ahead of time.
“He’s the candidate of free trade,” Mr. Coquerel said.
Moreover, Holey says, the volatile compounds in essential oils often disrupt the microbiome, or healthy flora, of the skin — weakening its protective abilities.
One State Department official said that the government would continue to show compassion to refugees but that it was also important to protect American citizens.
“He’s a great boss to work for, and he wants to reward people who do a good job.”
He then appeared to mouth the words “not true.” The exchange prompted a rush of commentary and foreshadowed what would prove to be a strained relationship between the two branches during Mr. Obama’s tenure.
Castro, though, is almost always defined not day to day, but in moments.
I have to say that Will and Joel did such a good job with the clues that I had to go back and look at my original puzzle to know which clues they changed.
PIERCE Robin gave the cast hard-bound copies of the script as wrap gifts, and he signed them.
Bosch, which has 390,000 employees, also supplies an array of components such as anti-lock brakes to BMW, Daimler and virtually all of the world’s major carmakers.
I’m a hunter of footnotes.
“It sounds cliché, but I kind of lost where I was coming from for a bit.” “The Ooz” is a return to himself, written over three years when Mr. Marshall moved back in with his mother in the district of East Dulwich in London.
Then, after a meeting with H.B.C.U.
Chile’s experience can be an example of how to reform laws that forbid women from terminating tragic pregnancies.
At his office, he reveled in his David versus Goliath battle to regulate junk food.
Since then, the military has repeatedly attacked Islamic State drones in the air and on the ground.
Lately a lot of women in Saudi Arabia have been loudly speaking out against male control over their lives, but as several have recently found, it is still the men who have the last word.
Each thread is compelling in its own right, and a convincing case is made for their connections.
And then something unexpectedly good finally happened to García on a Masters Sunday.
The wine was an extraordinary pleasure, a mellow red with a texture somewhere between silk and velvet that didn’t so much invite as demand a next sip.
He pleaded guilty to injuring a child and was sentenced to probation.
Now, an Englishman was setting off to prove the theory of a German, Einstein.
Or a sizable faction of evangelical voters who reject science as a matter of religious principle?
But at the same time the American economy did recover, slowly but more robustly than in much of the developed world, and again and again the dooms predicted by Obama’s Republican adversaries failed to materialize.
The world of old master arts and antiques has been on edge for the last year, as two old master paintings sold at Sotheby’s were pronounced “modern fakes” in two separate complaints filed by the auction house.
The static objects on the floor — rocks, a tree trunk, a duo of chairs — are set into motion by mirrors.
Here is a selection of photographs from their weddings, with details on where they purchased their outfits and why.
And during times of political upheaval, when national identity comes under pressure and different groups compete for claims to self-determination, such definitions can provide an impetus for mass violence and even genocide against those deemed to be outsiders.
This is how you introduce an archetype, not a character.
But the growing signs that policies are being written to impose costs on states behind enemy lines are worrisome.
He was rescued after hours at sea, clinging to debris and singing vaudeville songs with other survivors, including the ship’s commander, Lord Louis Mountbatten, a descendant of Queen Victoria.
Because things are happening right now that are wrong.
is a largely incompetent agency,” he said.
In the Bay Area and Los Angeles, the average home costs more than 10 times the average income; in New York, Washington, Seattle, Denver, Miami and Portland, Ore., it’s more than five times.
to put her kids on social media and we felt it was important to show who she was as a whole person,” said Abigail Klem, president of the Ivanka Trump brand.
“I just don’t recognize it.” But Ms. Merrick, who last week brought forth her complaint from 2003, said she saw no recourse when Mr. Fallon, then a member of Parliament, tried to kiss her after a working lunch, leaving her feeling “so humiliated and so ashamed.” One of the main reasons she said nothing, she said, was that she was “scared of the whips,” who, if displeased, could prevent her from getting any political news.
It will carry a reflecting mirror experiment that bounces back laser beams from Earth, the same type of experiment that Apollo astronauts left behind on the moon.
Timothy Brown swathed the walls and doors of his top-floor landing in hand-blocked daisy wallpaper made by Adelphi Paper Hangings .
His dowager mother (Ms. Mace) might also be charmed by him, but his jittery sister, Hetty (Ms. Deaver), has her doubts.
“They tried to bring us to our knees in Barcelona, but we’re going to get up even stronger,” said Carles Puigdemont, the leader of Catalonia.
This distillation of all that Buddhism says: “The person who craves nothing cannot suffer.” From Harari and “Sapiens.” That made me say “eek”, as there is nothing in there about God, or the indifferent universe, or our need to be part of a greater connected humanity.
That means that more tighter-than-expected results — and even more losses — may lie ahead.
There were interviews with Trump supporters on the Capitol grounds, with Katy Tur of MSNBC pressing an Oregon woman on what, specifically, she was optimistic about (“keeping the Supreme Court the way it is”).
students for it to actually be a viable commercial product.” There is, indeed, a viable commercial element.
“You press the button down, you put it in the ink and let it go.” His partner behind the counter that day was Marilyn Brown, 83, who had owned a competitor to this store, Arthur Brown & Brother in Manhattan.
What’d you make of this craziness?
For updates throughout the day, like us on Facebook .
Morocco provided the note only on Dec. 28, after the deadline to give Congress 30 days notice and still carry out the transfer before the Obama administration leaves office.
[ New York Times ] • Today’s Metropolitan Diary: “ The Accidental Produce Vendor ” • Scoreboard: Hornets sting Nets, 111-107.
Conrad Anker , a mountaineer and author, took the stage after Mr. Zinke.
The Education Department said that 418 students statewide benefited from that change alone, which nudged the graduation rate up by 0.2 percent.
Learning to code teaches valuable cognitive skills like critical thinking and problem solving.
By its third day of service, the Second Avenue subway already had fans.
Mr. Gillespie said hours after the shootings that it was too early to discuss policy responses to gun violence.
Based on Mr. Redzepagic’s account and airline and customs records, the complaint said, the authorities determined that he had indeed traveled to Turkey that year, spending about seven days in Istanbul and making “several unsuccessful attempts to obtain help and cross the border into Syria.” The complaint said Mr. Redzepagic told the authorities “he was prepared to strap a bomb on and sacrifice himself for jihad.” He also told investigators he believed that fighting in Syria was different from committing a domestic act of terrorism and that he did not want to harm innocent people, the complaint said.
Marin Cilic was ranked 11th when he tested positive for a banned substance in 2013, but when he returned that year after his suspension was reduced to four months, he was still in the top 50 and did not need wild cards to enter tournaments.
In 2015, Ty, who lives in El Dorado Hills, Calif., about 30 miles northeast of Sacramento, had only 20 merit badges and a little more than two years left to earn the rest before he turned 18, the mandatory cutoff age.
“Unless you set up a randomized trial, where you’re carefully comparing people who take part in the program with people who aren’t, it’s hard to know if you’re having any effect,” said Seema Jayachandran , an economist at Northwestern University and the lead author of the study.
(Mr. Mbeki was released in 1987.)
The one who defends it most aggressively?
At 6-foot-5 and 241 pounds, Hekker is the biggest punter in the N.F.L., roughly the same size as Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton, who stresses defenses with his pocket passing and open-field running .
Ms. Macel chose to give the Biennale’s Golden Lion for lifetime achievement to the pioneering feminist performance artist Carolee Schneemann , whose work — including her bacchanalian 1964 video, “Meat Joy” — pushes the boundary between dance and visual art.
Given the terror attacks at the Bataclan and elsewhere in Paris in 2015, that’s not necessarily obliviousness.
As Mr. Trump put it: “He said: ‘There is the woods.
Before passage of the Affordable Care Act, he said, he would have had to keep working.
How do we know things?
Much of the orderly character of this city, which happens to be Vice President Mike Pence’s hometown, comes from the longtime influence of the engine maker Cummins , a major employer that was established in 1919.
Violence broke out, and the police opened fire, killing at least six demonstrators .
Find out the skin care and makeup favorites that keep her feeling pulled together through it all.
I’ve loved the appreciation that people have for it, but I moved on until today.
It is having a profound impact on the mental health of a community that already suffers rates of depression and suicide higher than the national average, according to a decade of research.
Direct didacticism is not Mr. Ijames’s method, and topical references are used sparingly.
A landmark in feminist history (or herstory), A.I.R.
He is a man working within the limits of a tradition, quietly assimilating outside influence.
Mr. Boccaletti, who is running for Parliament, keeps his headquarters here.
Indeed, the greatest strength of the book lies in its provocative depiction of a modern Chinese woman uninterested in traditional roles of any kind.
Read the rest of our classical music coverage here .
“It is a mantra.” Ms. Boldrini, sponsor of the new student curriculum, asserts that the web cannot be forfeited to the fringes, and that the government must teach the next generation of Italian voters how to defend themselves against falsehoods and conspiracy theories designed to play on their fears.
One of the few areas of World War II history where more information is still emerging is intelligence operations.
They parked their car on the street.
Rottnest Island , about 11 miles from the coast, is a small, relaxing island known for its blessed lack of automobiles (bicycles are the primary means of transport) and its population of a tiny, cute marsupial called the quokka .
New York will still have art shows.
This week, I tackled sexual harassment trainings — reading the research and talking to experts in the field to try to understand what, if anything, works.
Ms. Park quietly left the Blue House on Sunday, saying, “I will bear with me all the consequences.” _____ • The White House, meanwhile, is preparing for a visit by the German leader Angela Merkel , who is seeking common ground despite sharp differences on issues like immigration, trade and, especially, Russia.
Global competition has brought some big changes to the latest edition of the venerable art fair La Biennale Paris .
Lora M. Pellegrini, president of the Massachusetts Association of Health Plans, an industry trade group, said the bill pending in that state’s legislature “was cloaked as protecting coverage that was part of the Affordable Care Act,” but instead “covers everything under the sun.” Her group is fighting the measure, arguing that it will raise premiums.
Don’t reduce us to that.”
That’s the mark of an amazing player — he’ll constantly force people to look to try to stack the deck.” Now, the Warriors have in Durant the next best thing to James — as well as a full cast of game-changers and role players who have figured out how to play seamlessly together.
Here’s what else is happening: Don’t expect much charity from Mother Nature this week.
Start with the Cooking home team on Facebook or Twitter , Instagram or Pinterest .
“It’s a real shame, especially seeing other sports get medals added,” Florence said.
For the Mohawk tribe, a community of 13,000 who live in a rural region on the border of New York State and Canada, the deal offers the promise of a new revenue stream that would bring in income beyond that of a casino the tribe runs near the reservation.
So I think oil will remain for decades to come.
The person holding the position will be responsible for resolving disputes and act as a liaison between nightlife establishments and residents.
The wall itself will be largely ineffective — most likely a fence that smugglers will climb over, tunnel under and drill through.
Is 20 percent the new glass ceiling?
Ophelia tore roofs off school buildings, department stores, apartment complexes and sports arenas around the country.
Mr. Trump and Dr. Shulkin both described the legislation in sweeping terms as representing major change for the agency.
” Last game: Sept. 28, 2008.
“As more and more years go by, I think more players will take it more seriously,” Reyes said of the Classic.
Estates are taxed at a rate of 40 percent , but the first $5.49 million of an inheritance is exempt from taxation.
Oddsmakers don’t like his chances.
Leaders of the state-based marketplaces say they feel largely in the dark.
Appleby is a member of the global network of lawyers, accountants and bankers who set up or manage offshore companies and accounts for clients who want to avoid taxes or keep their finances a secret from authorities, business partners or even spouses.
It has been her constant companion in the 10 months since her 16-year-old daughter, Kayla Cuevas, was killed by members of the transnational MS-13 gang.
But their father rejected their entreaties as foolhardy.
There seems to be little doubt that Mr. Zaal was killed after the settler armed with the M-16 opened fire.
But without it, Serbia cannot join the European Union.
began requiring brokers to report more detailed cost-basis information.
Lack of rain in three consecutive years has meant that 10 million goats, sheep and camels have already perished.
“When you look down that list, there’s many fine Republicans as well as Democrats,” he said.
“When a call comes in, it routes in to that best agent.
In 2013, as transgender people began to be included in institutions of legitimacy and power, Chris E. Vargas, a multimedia artist, invented the fictional Museum of Transgender Hirstory & Art , or MOTHA, as a form of institutional critique.
Two Obama administration officials said Trump transition officials inquired about expanded national security roles for Mr. Bannon and Mr. Kushner at the earliest stages of the transition in November — before the younger Mr. Flynn became a liability — but after Mr. Flynn had begun to chafe on the nerves of his colleagues on the team.
Ten days after a bomb exploded in Manhattan’s Chelsea neighborhood in September, injuring more than 30 people, investigators arrived at a hospital surgical intensive care unit in New Jersey to question a man charged in the attack, Ahmad Khan Rahimi .
Jennifer Irvine, 42, built her own legal practice in San Diego, specializing in family law.
Mr. Trump has denied making the request.
If something does not show up by then, Dr. Giudice said, it will be time to go back to the drawing board.
Well, that certainly got our attention.
Mentions of muntins and mullions were few and far between.
You don’t need to be perfect as a dancer.
“We discuss that every day,” Anthony said.
They introduced themselves, and Mr. Alig hired her on the spot to become a club regular and help spice up the party.
European diplomats have said they would defend their companies against such sanctions, potentially setting up an epic battle between close allies and two of the largest commercial markets on the planet.
If it works, the linguistic test also would be valuable in assessing the effectiveness of treatments to prevent cognitive damage because of C.T.E.
The 16-player squad was founded last season with little fanfare or financial assistance from the university.
I tried to get people to just play the scene and really enjoy it and take their shirts off if they felt like it.
“I always defer to my creators.” Now both 52, they’ve known each other since both were 6 in Oak Park, Mich., and Mr. Seller’s parents bought a house from Mr. Lippa’s parents.
Under the guise of protecting civil liberties, nationalists are hijacking free speech to target minorities.
officials declined to comment on the Paris project.
Though she sounded wonderful throughout, Friday’s performance — the opening of a revival of Willy Decker’s starkly moving production — began unpersuasively.
But the loudest criticism of the march has come not from Trump supporters; rather, it has come from participants who argue that women of color have hijacked the event by focusing it on themselves, instead of women more broadly.
“There is no reason to believe the guys in charge have changed their stripes,” said Mr. Reeves, a senior fellow at the François-Xavier Bagnoud Center for Health and Human Rights at Harvard University.
“We are talking about our nation’s unity,” he said.
Nevertheless, worries about expanded enforcement are driving throngs to clinics like the one held by Catholic Charities every Thursday in the financial district beginning at 8 a.m., according to Mario Russell, the director of immigrant and refugee services for the archdiocese.
(The city estimates that ferries will eventually carry 4.6 million riders annually — far less than the number of subway riders each day.)
founders no longer alive, however fully Mr. Jenkins’s signature speech impediment lingers: Debbie Owen’s macaroni and cheese gets commended as “wonderfully filling” but “somewhat wich.” Its good humor notwithstanding, Mr. Waters’s play pays serious obeisance to the ways in which, as Bill Rodgers puts it, you “conjure” a party into being.
We sublet a studio on First Avenue between 73rd and 74th Streets.
Mr. Erdogan himself could face political consequences should Mr. Zarrab testify, if there are any convictions or if the United States takes action against Turkish banks found to have been involved in the scheme.
But I don’t want them to build their lives around anger, and resistance fueled solely by fear begets only more fear.
A copy of the letter was sent to The New York Times by Ms. Allred, who said she had consulted with Ms. Contreras-Sweet about an unusual component — establishing a fund for the women accusing Mr. Weinstein of abuse and a mediation process for reaching settlements.
Building toward a fleeting climax, the cast inserted LED lights into the pockmarked walls.
Arbitration is usually less expensive and proceeds faster than a federal lawsuit.
A recently retired administrative assistant, she now barely recognizes her neighborhood.
“Everyone else took trial advocacy, but I didn’t have to; I knew I was never going to argue a case in court,” he said with a grin.
The source said the device resembled a camera product that Amazon announced last week, Echo Look, the latest in a line of gadgets powered by the company’s Alexa intelligent assistant.
In a study of 12 children ages 6 to 13 who had lost a pet, published in the journal Environmental Education Research , Dr. Russell found that even years after the pet’s death, some children still described the loss as “the worst day of their lives.” He also discovered that children come up with unique ways to rationalize their pet’s passing and that the way a pet dies influences how children grieve.
and producer Kieran Hebden, who performs as Four Tet: He’s scheduled to keep spinning records at the Gowanus, Brooklyn, club Analog BKNY from Saturday night until closing time at 4 a.m. the next morning.
Germans have a long list of frustrations with Turkey, including the detention of 14 of its citizens on political charges and a vast crackdown by the Turkish government, which has purged around 150,000 public employees, including 4,000 judges and prosecutors.
But he had a fearsome intellect, read voraciously and developed a command of such subjects as American history, numismatics — and U.F.O.
The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a third-generation Californian — born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano.
Buffalo made a key error on the Jets’ second touchdown drive.
Qatar is a sovereign state proud to be at the forefront of development in the Arab world.
Rights activists and Islamists said that the latest mass execution could drive more young Egyptians into the arms of the Islamic State.
And the Cavaliers have pride.
Despite being the highest-grossing film of its year, it ended up losing money.
Navratilova has also said she lost sponsors after coming out.
Is it a privilege to be in the U.S. mission?
But they are rapidly spreading to employees like Mr. Bollinger, who do the kind of blue-collar work that President Trump has promised to create more of.
The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS!
pic.twitter.com/gKSeOOhzWG Google wasn’t always a rival.
“Next year we will play at Barclays by contract.” As far as where the Islanders might play in the 2019-20 season if a new arena is not ready, Ledecky said discussions were continuing.
But on Wednesday, the first lady stepped out of the shadows, speaking out on behalf of women who battle gender discrimination and violence around the world.
When the sky is totally dark, you don’t, but there’s a concern that anything bright will show the veins of the dome.” The Chalsty has a brand-new screen of 588 panels and a surface area of 12,345 square feet, about the same square footage as five average homes.
“Young people don’t have jobs, so it’s hard for them to get the money,” said Ivan Huan, 13, an eighth grader at Frederick Douglass Academy, who was visiting the Countee Cullen Library.
Click link in bio to buy customized Coke eSports bottle and save 20% off with code GAMING20.
“I heard somebody screaming very bad for like 15 minutes,” she said.
The hard-line immigration demands that President Trump said he needs to back protections for young undocumented immigrants triggered a furious response from Democrats and immigration activists .
“Medical people don’t set medical policies,” he said.
He called the settlement a “significant step,” adding that it provided “recognition that the Freedom of Information law is important and a tool that can be used by anybody.” Mr. Stephan made a request in 2014 for information on the sound cannons days after one was used during a protest in Midtown Manhattan over a grand jury’s decision not to indict Officer Pantaleo in Mr. Garner’s death.
It’s a more diverse Riverdale, too, if mainly among the supporting characters.
But the compositions as a whole look more like rice paddies at night.
In recent days, independence votes in restive parts of Spain and Iraq have captured the world’s attention, leading to street clashes, angry threats from aggrieved politicians and even heated words from a king .
“Anterooms,” his last collection of new poems and translations, was published in 2010 — a slim volume whose better pieces were “as good as anything Wilbur has ever written,” t he Times’s reviewer, David Orr, wrote .
Mr. Limbaugh reacts the way other defenders of Mr.
Syria and Nigeria also illustrate a common American response: intervention, military or otherwise, to resolve the underlying political breakdown that compels the fighting.
Richard Gnodde, the head of Goldman Sachs in Europe, told the newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung last month that the investment bank could double its staff in the city.
“We are essentially making people forget, because we have basically sanitized Battery Park City of every single reminder of the attacks.” She added, “We are fighting to keep this open, but we are also uncertain about the intentions of the archdiocese and our current pastor, which makes it very disheartening.” Some opacity surrounds the church’s situation.
But both teams rebounded, Gonzaga beating South Dakota State, 66-46, and Villanova topping Mount St. Mary’s, 76-56.
First, I need to accumulate as many stories as I can.
The federal government replenished more than 3.5 million cubic yards of beach sand, enough to fill the Empire State Building two times over, and the city planted six miles of sand dunes.
In William Dameron’s case, it was his wife of 22 years who saved him when she finally asked, in a Walmart parking lot, “Are you gay?” To which he replied, “I don’t want to be.” But he was, and now could be, leading him to his new, open and fulfilling life.
Emily Whitehead, 12, above, was the first child ever given the altered cells.
He points to data in an Education Department presentation from late last year that is available online showing that about half of the people enrolled in public service loan forgiveness have not made a single payment that qualifies toward their goal of 120.
Her father is more hesitant and circumspect, and there’s conflict.
In a few years, debt service will be one dollar in every five spent by the M.T.A., the comptroller estimates.
I found Derek Walcott’s “Omeros” in the stacks of the Montclair Book Center in New Jersey: a frail blue paperback with a seahorse on the cover and the previous owner’s phone number across the flyleaf’s edge.
What is Margot wishing for when she imagines the boy with whom she could share the story of this encounter?
If I was really against the war, I should bear the consequences.
Thousands of years after Neanderthals left, modern humans occupied the same cave.
Here’s that profile of our puzzle master that I just know many of you have been dying to read.
“We had a lot of things going right in that time frame,” Mr. DiFeo said.
Ahead of President Trump signing a sweeping tax bill, readers had lots of questions to ask the “Your Money” columnist, Ron Lieber.
He conducts a terrifying symphony of kicks, punches, spinning elbows and body slams that leave some of the best fighters bloody, helpless, or both.
In fact, I really preferred to get my dog’s aura photographed — think of what I could learn about my highly photogenic bulldog!
A U.S. Air Force special operations officer told me of returning to Iraq in early 2014 and meeting with the Iraqi Counterterrorism Service — the only truly professional, nonsectarian fighting unit then left in the country.
I’ve looked at those Russian sponsored Facebook ads.
Mr. Carlson, 47, whose father is a former president of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, made his reputation as a conservative provocateur, though his style leans more toward William F. Buckley than Andrew Breitbart.
“It’s not like walking into a Walmart.
Asked about the chaos surrounding him and his brother’s legal situation, Lonzo Ball said: “Yeah, it is definitely calming down, given that it happened two weeks ago.
One shows a doll locked in a birdcage, holding a flickering candle.
Andrew M. Cuomo cautioned at a news conference, “There’s no evidence that suggests a wider plot or a wider scheme.” In the aftermath, city and state law enforcement agencies increased security at high-profile locations.
Second, even if Trump’s ideology were not noxious, his incompetence is a threat to all around him.
“Finding the countries with the highest burden, figuring out how to approach treatment differently in each one, and getting the prices down.” Cancer now kills about 450,000 Africans a year.
“We’ll have to make sure we do better than we did against Ebola,” said Bill Gates, whose foundation is a main donor.
That the watch was created by a fellow entrepreneur — whom Mr. Hussein called “the passionate watch restorer, Michel Parmigiani” — was a plus.
These from Everlane are made from 100 percent Mongolian cashmere, and they’re priced accessibly enough that even slackers without a trust fund can enjoy them.
It sent groups of cowboys to train in North Dakota and brought in American cowboys to help out on the steppe.
“It is a mystery why it has become so popular in Russia right now,” the television reporter said.
Not only have Republicans turned against free trade since Trump began campaigning, but a December 3-5 Economist/YouGov poll found that these same voters have lost faith in the fairness of the free market as a whole.
We are both in our 60s and nonsmokers and healthy!!
He had a hunch he could ensnare Dread Pirate Roberts the same way, and began to look for a sloppy mistake.
They know at any time maybe the police will take me again.
“They were going to take him off television; then he started attacking me, and he started doing better .
What are challenges both groups face?
She once estimated that she had never earned more than $20,000 in a single year.
That, at least, was a claim made by two plaintiffs in a class-action lawsuit filed in federal court in Chicago against Standard Innovation , a Canadian manufacturer of “smart” vibrators that allow users to remotely “turn on your lover” via a Bluetooth connection.
“I was shocked,” he said.
“Oh, God,” I whimpered as I stepped into a foreboding temple.
So it’s possible.” • Mr.
“It is not irrational to open a book because of a catchy title or an elegant cover,” the law professor Saul Levmore writes in his new book, written with the philosopher Martha C. Nussbaum, his colleague at the University of Chicago.
The internet becomes the well you draw from pretty frequently, but there are risks to taking reviews written by strangers (or paid shills) as gospel.
Devon also says that, after revisiting aspects of the case, it now “does not believe that a six-figure civil penalty is justified.” Tim Hartley, a Devon spokesman, acknowledged that the company had laid out a shift in its negotiating position.
Nars blush in Torrid Nars blush in Torrid MAC Studio Fix Fluid Foundation Bigen hair color Giovanni L.A. Natural Styling Gel If I’m meeting someone for breakfast or something, I put on Smashbox Camera-Ready BB cream, which has SPF 15 in it, and Nars blush in Torrid .
Retire early because of our own choice, or choices made by employers who no longer want us around?
“Send him to Gitmo, I would certainly consider that, yes.” Likewise, he vowed to toughen prosecution and punishment of terrorists without specifying how.
How well the White House navigates a resolution of the contested election may not only affect Honduran democracy but also could resound across the region, where elections are scheduled over the next year in seven countries, including Brazil, Mexico, Venezuela and Colombia.
If a request is turned down, officials have often chartered private jets, operated by contractors.
As of June, there were 2,666 emojis in the Unicode Standard.
It’s about building human beings.” Deng Gak returned to the Blacktown P.C.Y.C.
“I got too touchy-feely with it,” Moore said.
“It represents the model for a new kind of communal, household computer,” he writes.
Instead, in hindsight the most important economic argument of the early Obama years was between two schools of thought that agreed we should put more money into the economy and only disagreed about how to do it — the Keynesians who wanted massive government spending and the market monetarists who favored looser monetary policy.
Rejecting a question from the “Meet the Press” host, Chuck Todd, about whether he had “a client that wants to see” Mr. Cordray fired, Mr. Lewandowski said: “No, no.
Plus, he drives it to work, which adds value for him.
Mr. Yodice, 70, is a retired manager for a textile company, who now lives in Queens.
But because of the lack of elevators, my disability really comes to the forefront in terms of what activities I can engage in, in the city.
“That’ll be the bread-and-butter gun,” Brian Skinner, the company’s chief executive, told CNN this month.
When Congress drafted the Promesa law last year, it made it possible for the other American territories to seek the same kind of help.
But without waiting for any further hearing to settle the issue between the deadlocked courts, the government sidelined the judiciary and took the matter to Parliament.
Rosneft then sued Sistema, accusing it of mismanaging Bashneft and stripping it of assets, and demanded $3 billion in compensation.
Stricken by grief, Vitaly Kaloyev, a Russian architect who lost his family in the crash, sought revenge and ultimately got it.
From a public policy perspective, it may be easier to agree on creating tailwinds than on removing headwinds.
Gonzaga lost the ball on its next two possessions, and Corbin Kaufusi had a put-back and Mika hit two free throws to put the game out of reach.
You can use the Edit Post option to correct typos in previously published posts.
The room went quiet as a chaplain asked everyone to pray for a safe race.
I think many men are like me, in that we have very little patience for shopping.
Mr. Tsang said Mr. Xi might be holding Mr. Xiao in custody to protect himself or to gain leverage against people he “needs to persuade” at the coming party congress to push through his agenda and cement his legacy.
She was getting a divorce, Mr. Edwards said.
Typically, those reporting dizziness in the survey indicated they each had experienced three of the following different types: a spinning or vertigo sensation, including a rocking of yourself or your surroundings; a floating, spacey or tilting sensation; feeling lightheaded, without a sense of motion; feeling as if you are going to pass out or faint; blurring of your vision when you move your head; or feeling off-balance or unsteady.
In 2015, President Obama expanded the program to allow the spouses of H-1B visa holders to also work in the United States, but in a recent court filing, the Trump administration said it was reviewing that policy.
“It was not my ambition to be president of the Mint Advisory Committee.
Investigators found that they performed internet searches, seeking information about head trauma and what it means when a person’s extremities become cold.
The ultimate comfort of the eclipse may be that it will remain safely out of the control of fallible humans left to mark its midday path, humbly or not, in the contrary darkness.
Mr. Finger darkened the costume, suggested a cowl with pointed ears and replaced the wings with a scallop-edged cape.
The two top Senate Democrats — Chuck Schumer of New York and Richard J. Durbin of Illinois — turned in their seats to listen to their junior colleague who had meant so much to the party upon his arrival in July 2009 after a contested recount of an election that he noted Thursday he won by a whopping 312 votes.
One was a decorated Marine in Vietnam.
The two-time major champion becomes the 12th member of the senior tour to record a win on all three PGA Tour circuits.
“The Organization and Guidance Department is conducting an intensive investigation of Kim Won-hong and the Ministry of State Security, so the level of punishment and the number of people affected could be expanded,” Mr. Jeong said, without disclosing how the South Korean government learned of the reported purge transpiring inside a secretive regime.
His mother, for example, simply told us to quiet down whenever she heard my screams — a response as horrifying as it is understandable given the many ways society tolerates violence against women.
Barbuda, with about 100 hotel rooms, has been a small contributor to the region’s overall tourism economy.
About 64 floors below the pristine white room in which Mr. Cuomo spoke, Edward F. Cox, the chairman of the state Republican Party and a Trump supporter who had been denied entrance, monitored the proceedings from a Joe & the Juice shop.
Sheer uncertainty has led to varying predictions about the future shape of many industries that rely on routine physical work.
Where there is hatred, let me sow love; Where there is injury, pardon; Where there is doubt, faith; Where there is despair, hope.
Under Coach Pete Carroll, the Seattle Seahawks have built a reputation of minimizing those mistakes and forcing their opponents to make them instead.
The magazine began blogging in 2009, and won a James Beard award for its blog about a do-it-yourself project focusing on what staff members could grow, pickle and preserve within a one-block radius of the 1950s Menlo Park ranch house that had long been its headquarters.
“POV” follows Abby Abinanti and Claudette White, Native American judges for tribal courts in California, who promote rehabilitation by keeping families together on reservations rife with crystal methamphetamine addiction.
The prep work is simple.
In the Bronx, as elsewhere, accessibility is related to spikes in consumption and addiction.
So you try to create your own mask, but it’s still a mask and it’s still limiting.
Mr. Muti conducted the premiere of this version — which was edited by Martin Chusid, and was the first volume to appear in a Verdi series of which Mr. Gossett was general editor — in 1983.
[ The New York Times ] • Recipe of the day: Use a rotisserie bird to make chicken salad with walnuts and grapes .
“A nice guy.” Mr. Chihuly continued into his office.
“The Indian voter has learned to rise above caste and creed and vote for development and the future of India.” In fact, although Mr. Modi won the 2014 national elections on a platform of jobs and development, his economic record is mixed.
“Tom is very demanding, but it’s also a great opportunity for these guys,” O’Shea said.
And the other thing we have to do is create new bidding procedures for the drug industry because they’re getting away with murder.
For some it’s the money, or at least the promise that it will be paid regularly.
It didn’t hurt that their agent, Regina Schaefer Santoro, an associate broker at Parkside Realty and a longtime resident, got Mr. Gutierrez in to see the house before it hit the market.
Chihuly Garden and Glass , which opened in Seattle in 2012 next to the Space Needle, is the city’s top-ranked tourist attraction on TripAdvisor, and has become a cash cow of its own.
But I remained an essential writer on the literary scene in China.” According to Michael Berry, a professor of contemporary Chinese cultural studies at the University of California, Los Angeles, “It makes sense that Xue wants to be removed from the cacophony of changes happening in China every day.
Brush up on your Shakespeare: Kelli O’Hara is coming back to Broadway to star in a Roundabout Theater Company revival of “Kiss Me, Kate.” The production will be directed by Scott Ellis (“She Loves Me”) and will begin performances in February 2019, Roundabout said Monday.
“She did go to a lot of concerts,” Jason Irvine, Jennifer’s brother, said, as he waited at the Las Vegas Convention Center to pick up her belongings.
Mr. Kadyrov’s father, Akhmad, started out as a separatist Islamic leader, but at the beginning of Russia’s second military campaign against Chechen rebels, which began in 1999, he swapped sides to support Moscow.
“But that part of North Carolina is a very hostile environment to architecture.
In different forms it can resemble acne and cause bumps.
Unless you’re picking up a ball while you’re getting stronger, you’re just adding muscle that doesn’t know how to throw.
In line, they spotted a few of their preschool teachers, including Lillian Shelford, who said that many of the children there were former students.
“It’s a small place,” Mr. Doktor said, shrugging.
“It’s not like if somebody calls you stupid or ugly.
ERIE has been an entry in The New York Times Crossword many times, and is almost considered “crosswordese” because it is so commonly used.
“Especially in women’s tennis, everything can happen and everything is so open,” Radwanska said.
They could be marketed as a beauty supplement and sold in stores like Saks Fifth Avenue.
“My game has been improving as I’ve been working,” he said in an interview before the tournament.
Often the criticism that lies behind this word is brushed off, met with defensiveness, taken personally.
Scores of their colleagues weren’t so lucky: In addition to scorching a swath of land the size of Connecticut, the Big Blowup claimed the lives of at least 78 firefighters, some of whom opted to commit suicide rather than burn alive.
“But I do think that there’s a sharp contrast between a few weeks ago, when she was very public in saying she, quote, didn’t have any clue what Chairman Nunes was talking about, and yet now, we’re finding out that she’s trying to figure out some kind of friendly way of discussing this.” Ms. Rice responded on Twitter later in the day.
And so we got Flynn, Stephen Miller and others whose stridency makes for a good show — Trump relishes a good show — but is a recipe for precisely the kind of recklessness that did in Flynn, who played footsie with the Russians and then lied about it.
The belief that parties should be internally democratic, which has gained wider acceptance over time and, with the reform commission, is likely accelerating, has altered the way parties balance those two objectives.
I have an all-purpose theory for understanding American cultural polarization.
On Monday, Shell said that it knew that some of the money paid to the Nigerian government would be passed on to a company called Malabu Oil and Gas, which claimed the same tract.
Antonia Ferrier, Mr. McConnell’s spokeswoman, issued a subdued comment in response about the “path forward” to repeal and replace the health care law and added, “But if he has any new statements today, I’ll be sure to send them along.” — Matt Flegenheimer Read more » Asked about Russia ’s decision to force the United States Embassy in Moscow to slash its personnel by 755 people, Mr. Trump might have echoed the bipartisan outrage of other American leaders.
A spokeswoman for Mr. Bharara declined to comment.
It is also because some of Ms. Celmins’s best-known works — examples of which are held by the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Tate Modern, the Pompidou and other important museums — are painstakingly wrought images of night skies, so realistic that they can be mistaken for photographs, but so dark and strange that you sometimes see viewers bringing their noses right up to the surface, as if they were trying to focus on the stars through the lens of a telescope.
“And I was like: “It did!
“There will be no reason for the judiciary to create obstacles for Mr. Rouhani if he manages to improve the economy,” said Saeed Laylaz, an economist who supports the president.
But many parents and educators said in interviews that they were unaware of the Silicon Valley personalities and money influencing their schools.
(His body was recovered the next month.)
…” Trump also took back his previous blasts at Paris, a city he’d claimed wasn’t safe because of the terrorists they’d let come in.
The leaders of some countries, including China, which Mr. Trump frequently criticizes, could create a similar tax to force American manufacturers to set up more factories in those countries.
“If you’re that person in Gary, Ind., creating your own meet-up groups, you’ll get credit and respect.” But digital skill gaps are creating lots of work opportunities, Ms. Setzfand said.
Here is a Times search on “American dream” over the last 12 months.
Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device : On iPhone or iPad | On Android via RadioPublic | Via Stitcher The secret is out.
Soon, he will be on the opposite side of the glass.
Here’s how Laura Grey of “The Opposition” explains the situation.
“The time for small thinking is over, the time for trivial fights is behind us,” he said.
“It is easy for us to take Nawa, but difficult to hold,” Colonel Latif said about a Taliban-controlled district bordering the provincial capital.
She’s a radiant, tall glass of dopeness and isn’t afraid to tell you so.
So even though early November is relatively slow, a lull between seasons, there’s actually a lot going on.
After waiting in limbo for two years, he said he was only days away from getting on a plane to the United States when he heard that President Trump would be barring entry to refugees.
Why the change of heart on a product Chase introduced last summer?
The volume of communications available for searching can be mind-boggling.
There are debates in the psychoanalytic community about whether to take white racists’ suffering seriously or not.
In May 1998, Tom De Haven took to the Book Review pages to meditate on the medium’s literary and artistic value .
Apparently for the British and Germans, less than the Austrians anticipated.
Many of our friends from “Downton Abbey” are candidates.
According to DINNER: Changing the Game (Clarkson Potter, $35), by Melissa Clark, this is a problem.
The only thing Jona Rechnitz can say honestly is that he is a failed fixer of grand delusion just trying to save his own skin.” Although Mr. Rechnitz touted his ability to control Mr. Seabrook, he was still taken with the union leader’s influence.
Trump has no problem lying, but in the end he wants his lies to look plausible.
“The point would be for the Chinese Communist Party itself to feel the pain of its relationship with Kim,” said Mr. Blumenthal, referring to the North’s leader.
This has long been a complaint of the big players in the market for Treasury securities.
For the last 22 years, he has arrived at the Mott Street location at 5 a.m. six days a week.
Substitute the pope for the Old Man, and the schedule might have been Michelangelo’s.” Whatever their wartime contributions, the returning cartoonists couldn’t wait to shrug off the regimentation of military life and return to their “vaguely anarchic” chosen field.
John Andariese had it all.” In 2014, two years after retiring from calling Knicks games, he received the Curt Gowdy Media Award from the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame.
At the time of the 2012 Baltimore purchase, Kushner raved about the promise of the low-end multifamily market.
“He comes across as brash and very off-the-cuff, but he’s a down-to-earth genuine guy and he does care about Montauk, his family and the kids in the community,” he said.
Not long after that, we read “Seven Guitars” as part of the competition; I was too young to compete, but I could work alongside the older students.
Early on, scientists embraced photography as an indefatigable medium capable of seeing more, and more clearly, than they ever could.
Mr. Trump has previously specified this claim to Japan.
Nor should we expect an easy fix from body cams or “community policing” strategies that attempt to turn police into neighborhood ombudsmen, a job for which they have neither the will nor the training.
Born in 1971, one of four sons, he was raised by their father in Hong, a small town on the west coast of Zealand, Denmark’s largest island.
She’ll squeeze her 13-piece jazz chamber orchestra, M-Unit, onto the cozy Dizzy’s stage, armed with whirlwind arrangements and some new material.
Since the suspension, the Turkish police have not pursued Mr. Canturk, who has continued to work every day at the consulate.
The new bar: Prove capable of speaking for 60 minutes without throwing a temper tantrum and ranting about ratings, the failing New York Times, fake news or the size of your inaugural crowd.
One state study found an average 0.76 cigarette butts per square meter.
It was always going to be a show that needed to find its audience, and the audience needed to find the network, or find the show in a different way.
“You know when you’re alone with yourself and you feel jangly and on edge?
Pick: Rams Patriots at Bills , 1 p.m., CBS Line: Patriots by 8.5 The easiest way to demonstrate how flawed the A.F.C.
It would do so by holding a “cloture” vote on whether to end debate and proceed to a final vote.
Rory McIlroy had his best friend on the bag and his best start on American soil in 18 months.
But he has also brought several hate crime cases, including one against a man accused of burning a mosque.
“So for us not to prepare them properly, it’s only going to hurt us in the long run.” Collins said Familia was remorseful about the episode when the two spoke.
Under pressure to hit aggressive sales goals, thousands of employees created unauthorized bank and credit card accounts in the names of real customers.
researchers that looked at diversity in film.
Let your imagination run wild.
Fox would also contribute its stake in Hulu, the streaming service that shows ABC content and original programming like “The Handmaid’s Tale,” giving Disney a majority share.
On Wednesday, Saudi Arabia, under intense pressure, announced plans to reopen the port of Al Hudaydah, a major lifeline for residents of Houthi-controlled areas and to reopen the airport in Sana, the capital, to United Nations aid planes.
and New York celebrity; and Edith Shiffert, 101, an American poet who was profoundly influenced by the half-century she spent in Japan.
Tesla plans to introduce the Model 3, a 215-mile-range car, for under $30,000 after federal tax credits.
But then some of them die.
“It’s easy to criticize when you don’t have visibility of all the things.” And Ms. Duke sought to clarify her remarks during a short news conference at the San Juan airport before taking off on a helicopter tour of the damage to the island.
“We are adding robots at the choke points and making the lines go really fast,” Mr. Musk told analysts during a webcast on Wednesday.
A day after the crowded funerals in Sarzedas de São Pedro, I attended the burial last Wednesday in Castanheira de Pêra for Gonçalo Conceição, a 40-year-old volunteer firefighter.
(You can also use the magnifying glass icon to search; type “The Daily.”) Once you’re on the series page, you can tap on the episode title to play it, and tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone free.
The apologies picked up steam in April, after Dr. David Dao was dragged, bloodied, from the United flight “The Dr. Dao instance was a public relations crisis for United, but worse, the airline didn’t rush to say ‘I’m sorry,’ which led to even more customer outrage and even caused the airline’s stock price to drop,” said Joshua March, the founder of Conversocial , a software system that allows companies to engage with customers over social media.
“Basically, there is a trail of dead and seriously injured people leading from the Magnitsky case,” Mr. Browder said in a telephone interview early Wednesday.
In exchange for loans, he has given lending platforms considerable personal information — and they are now using it.
In one of his book’s early scenes, he relates a professional homily from a man he identifies as prominent Russian TV presenter.
Meanwhile, Ms. Sheriff settled with the tenants, who agreed in writing to vacate the apartment in mid-April.
• Alternate-side parking remains in effect until Sept. 1.
If it provides care more efficiently compared with predetermined benchmarks, it keeps the difference.
His paternal grandfather had worked as a rat catcher on Queen Victoria’s Norfolk estate.
The inability to enact a tax cut — an idea that nearly all Republicans support in theory while differing on the details — would represent a monumental failure.
The song ended with Ms. Fleming humming, the effect one of private iridescence.
He has steadily expanded the farm where he tills rice and wheat by renting land from his neighbors.
Set that expectation aside: Mr. Xuan’s version is restorative, light in body and frank in flavor, testifying to the use of the more obscure chicken parts.
Also, investors are increasingly favoring lower-cost index funds, which simply track stock market indexes and aren’t actively managed by pros.
Returning from a trip to Italy in 1969, they learned that the Stonewall Inn uprising had occurred the night before.
They haven’t had to pass anything in a long time, and they have no aptitude for governing.
She is backed by the Serbian Progressive Party, but she is not a member of any party.
The Supreme Court has generally favored contracts that require disputes to be resolved informally through arbitration rather than litigation.
He received two Emmys for “The Sopranos,” which he worked on as a writer and producer, and was the creator, showrunner, head writer, director and executive producer for “Mad Men,” which aired for seven seasons and won four Golden Globes and 15 Emmys.
“Confirmation hearings can matter a great deal,” Professor Driver said.
The fiscal year 2016 average sales price affected by this proposed levy is $4.5 million.
You can find weak ones along the coast and thriving ones in Appalachia, and vice versa.
On Tuesday, the panel’s latest findings — that Syrian forces were responsible for a lethal assault using sarin nerve agent on the village of Khan Sheikhoun this past April 4 — were rejected by Russian and Syrian diplomats at a Security Council meeting.
“I don’t think I’ve ever heard of anybody coming to play and not having a great time,” Ms. von Zabern said.
REED: It’s just, he hasn’t — not one word about the budget, not one word about the debt ceiling.
“Together with China, Russia offered a very reasonable plan providing for the ‘double freeze.’ Kim Jong-un freezes any nuclear tests, any ballistic missile launches, while the U.S. and South Korea freeze large-scale military exercises, which are constantly used by North Korea as an excuse to conduct tests.” Russian experts worry that while the United States is unlikely to launch an all-out military attack on North Korea, it could make a limited strike.
Below, a tweet with one of the best-known examples, but here are nine more .
“Really good detectives can really make a huge difference,” said Glenn F. Ivey, a defense lawyer in Washington who was the state’s attorney for Prince George’s County, Md.
They still number less than a handful each year.
On “The Walking Dead,” a new season guarantees a few things: some major character deaths, long passages of unbearably charged silence, gallows wisdom about the value of life.
DON’T BLINK — ROBERT FRANK (2016) on iTunes and Fandor .
For his part, Mr. Sanders — who was greeted by shouts of “I love you, Bernie” and loud cheers by the crowd in Long Island City — was effusive in his praise of Mr. Cuomo’s idea, calling it “a revolutionary idea for higher education” that he envisioned would be emulated elsewhere.
In the general election, there were also wide divergences among white voters.
— Trip Gabriel , correspondent _____ From Poynter : This haunting read, “People for Sale,” tells how CNN documented human slave auctions in Libya.
But now I think about the other women who might have been affected by these men we left in place undisturbed, and I wonder about my own complicity, a word that writers like Rebecca Traister have used .
The request, while unlikely to be heeded, highlights a critical question over who would benefit the most from the tax bill: shareholders or workers?
Stephen Curry, who helped preside over the first vigil for the First Baptist Church victims on Sunday night, said people were just too devastated to support the release of the video.
Backwoods preaching was the kind of thing Mr. Reece thought he had moved to Athens to escape.
When Trump defies norms, his most ardent supporters exult in the transgression.
Here’s what else is happening: If Scott Joplin can’t get you dancing, perhaps this brief respite from the rain will.
As Arendt wrote: “The sad truth is that most evil is done by people who never made up their minds to be good or evil.” Timeless is always timeless, never more so than when the world is going to hell.
President Trump defended Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, his embattled national security adviser, on Friday in the face of a full-bore campaign by the nationalist wing of his political coalition accusing him of undermining the president’s agenda and calling for his dismissal.
While not addressing the merits of the program, Sara Seager, an astrophysicist at M.I.T., cautioned that not knowing the origin of an object does not mean that it is from another planet or galaxy.
That could be half the people are going to be joining up.
Medications for cystic fibrosis can be expensive, and patients have to take many every day.
The shops were full of goods.
Durant, perhaps frustrated that anyone could be bored by some of the best basketball that has ever been played, brushed the critics aside, saying, “If you don’t like it, don’t watch it.” That statement, which seemed cold and distant from a player who has never been thought of as either, earned Durant a great deal of criticism.
Created by royal decree in 2004, Aspire was given the monumental task of nurturing a national team that can compete with the world’s best when the country hosts the 2022 World Cup.
“I’m going to use myself as an example of how there are words out there you can’t use.
48 songs, to verses by German poets.
Background reading: Ms. Bazelon’s article on Ms. Jackson and the role of prosecutors in her fate .
Then again, it’s possible she’d only have lost her legs if she’d been inside her car.
Robert Mugabe, who ruled Zimbabwe since independence in 1980 and once proclaimed that “only God will remove me,” resigned as president on Tuesday shortly after lawmakers began impeachment proceedings against him.
The information Z finagles from Farid triggers an Israeli reprisal that results in the slaughter of innocents in Gaza, an event for which the remorseful Z is moved to atone.
Over all, then, the knives are not that intimidating.
You choose among beans that have been cultivated in North America since before Christopher Columbus crossed the Atlantic and others, like those carried by Cherokee Indians along the Trail of Tears, colored by the horrors that followed his arrival.
I LOVE Cannonball Adderley, but that’s mostly because I’m an 80-year-old man inside.
With a group that included several senior women from Singapore, who hiked up haltingly but without complaint, I dug my pole into a field of supernaturally blue ice and ascended an arm of the largest glacier on mainland Europe.
A run of convictions resulted in Mr. Bharara’s appearance on the cover of Time magazine in February 2012 behind the headline, “This Man Is Busting Wall Street.” Even after losing some convictions in 2015 when the appeals court in Manhattan took a narrower view of the requirements for proving insider trading in United States v. Newman , Mr. Bharara’s prosecutors continued to aggressively pursue these cases, including charges against the gambler William T. Walters in a trial scheduled to begin this week.
Going all the way back to Townsend Harris, the first envoy to Japan in 1856, they are all men.
Adding to its addictive gameplay, friends can fight with or against one another in private rooms and see each others’ scores on social media.
Pakistan’s superior judiciary — made up of the Supreme Court and five High Courts — has increasingly asserted its independence and power in recent years.
The show begins with a prologue delivered (in Italian, with supertitles) by a commedia dell’arte-style clown in a codpiece (an antic Francesca Sarah Toich), who gleefully describes the transformative power of love.
Last year, there was a run on Hatchimals, furry birds that hatch from an egg, causing shortages.
Even though WannaCry specifically targeted Windows machines, that does not mean Mac or Linux users are off the hook in the future.
The Ukrainian nationalism, which went hand in hand with German Nazism, is on the rise again.” After the sentence was announced, Mrs. Sharina said that the prosecutor’s remarks confirmed that the case was politically driven.
For instance, the comedy “ Wiener-Dog ,” a follow-up to the 1995 indie hit “Welcome to the Dollhouse,” collected $470,575 last summer before arriving on Amazon.
Before this he was head of exhibitions and publications at the Museum Rietberg in Zurich.
“Did you lose a bet?
Who is your favorite fictional hero or heroine?
If you’ve forgotten “Sexual Personae,” or have never read it, Paglia helpfully reprints a few chunks of it in her new essay collection, “Free Women, Free Men: Sex, Gender, Feminism.” These chunks are fiercely erudite, freewheeling and sex-drenched.
(Please note: This was not a scientific study, and results can vary from person to person.)
“That’s a great sign for us.
“We could sit back and let them hang with it.
In an increasingly globalized world, hair tends to be less an indicator of a woman’s circumstance and more a mark of self-expression.
The tactic was designed to deprive Islamic State militants of sleep and to frighten them into immobility.
Germany, the assessment finds, could be granted shared control over deploying those warheads under something called a “dual key” system, an arrangement that currently applies to American warheads based there.
“That’s where the league is going,” Nets forward Quincy Acy said.
The new sports minister, Laura Flessel-Colovic, is an Olympic fencer and gold medalist and a world champion.
Mr. Ward had won an appeal for a new trial and bonded out of jail in Florida earlier in the year, but he had not been allowed to attend.
By expanding its purview to include all designers everywhere, the B.F.C.
The deal is part of a pact between the F.D.A.
It very much relaxes me.
Mr. Trump was unlikely to have been pleased.
“As long as he stands for a Conservative agenda and what we promised people as Republicans, I’ll work with anyone,” he said.
The complex also serves as center stage for the monthly food and craft FeelGood Market and the annual Dutch Design Week.
This protection holds even in crashes with motor vehicles , researchers from the University of Washington in Seattle reported as long ago as 2000, a statistic verified many times since.
After the fire was ruled arson in February, the mosque administrators said in a public statement that they were “saddened and alarmed by the outcome of the investigation.” Muslim groups in Texas were pleased with the indictment and cautioned mosques and other Islamic institutions to take extra security measures, particularly as the Muslim holy month of Ramadan draws to a close this weekend.
Game 5 starts at 9 p.m. Eastern, and we’ll have live coverage here .
Actually, we may be the last one to have our experiences annealed to physical objects.
877-987-6487, babysallright.com PRIDE ISLAND at Hudson River Park (June 23-25).
“Grant repentance to President Trump and Secretary Mattis for even considering to keep this wicked policy in place,” the Family Research Council said in one of its daily prayers last week.
Dissension among Republicans and the unpredictability of Mr. Trump’s course in several policy areas could dampen job growth.
Chancellor Angela Merkel underscored Germany’s support for a united Spain in a weekend phone conversation with Mr. Rajoy.
Ms. Olsen plays the Scarlet Witch.)
On Monday, the day the family was supposed to arrive, Mr. Mammen went to the apartment to sign for the last item to be delivered: a mattress for a twin bed.
This is a haunting capstone to the brief career of Mr. Dean.” GREY’S ANATOMY 8 p.m. on ABC .
Mr. Trump’s refusal to learn the lessons of Charlottesville deepened his estrangement from two panels of national business leaders enlisted to advise him.
Coming in to start the ninth means nobody is on base.
On your Android phone or tablet: You can listen and subscribe using the free app RadioPublic, which is available worldwide.
But he has the experience, temperament and grass-court acumen to upset a higher seed and go deep in the draw.
Dr. Yearwood, from Georgiana, Ala., had been part of a 15-member team climbing Everest.
Even a few days in jail can cost someone a job, immigration papers, custody of a child or a family’s shelter housing.
Festival (noon to 4 p.m., South Battery) celebrates a common island species with a scavenger hunt, crafts and bird-watching tours; and the Children’s Museum of the Arts Free Art Island Outpost (weekends, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m., Nolan Park) offers outdoor art-making workshops.
I would like to say it’s because we’re very innovative and because we’re all good people, but I think it’s also a state where these problems are much more visible.”
“I’m looking for a job.” In many ways, the war with Boko Haram has been a clash of wildly divergent hopes and expectations for Nigerian society.
The bride, who will continue to use her name professionally, graduated with distinction from the University of Virginia.
If Gordon has passionate feelings about Carter’s work, his utterly balanced and evenhanded treatment leaves no air for them to escape.
A brilliant engineering Ph.D. at the University of Delaware, Westerman worked on multitouch in part because he suffered from severe repetitive strain injury, which made conventional keyboard interfaces agony.
Others drive for a group of delivery companies that dominate the business of ferrying packages on behalf of online retailers like Alibaba.
You think the stock market is a giant bubble right now.
The beginning of Mr. Ashbery’s 1974 poem “Grand Galop” is representative of his approach: All things seem mention of themselves And the names which stem from them branch out to other referents.
Preserving a white majority is unlikely to be an overt goal.
And whatever else can be said of the new museum, it’s a sight to see.
Experts say it’s only a matter of time for Jakarta, Indonesia’s fast-sinking capital , which must contend with man-made troubles and mounting threats from climate change.
In particular, he had a difficult relationship with Jim Wright, the highly partisan House speaker from Texas who served from 1987 to 1989, when Mr. Gingrich helped force his resignation.
“It’s very solidly grounded in current American law, and Trump’s rhetoric, and his most recent executive orders .” Mr. Schenkkan, also a screenwriter who wrote this year’s Oscar-nominated “ Hacksaw Ridge ” with Andrew Knight, penned “Building the Wall” the week before the 2016 election.
They joined other groups fighting the bill, such as the American Medical Association, the American Hospital Association, AARP and the lobbying arm of the American Cancer Society.
President Trump’s overseas trip marked an abdication of American leadership, with German Chancellor Angela Merkel concluding that Europe can no longer rely on the United States.
Mintel, a market research firm, found that negative health perceptions were driving the decline in sales of cow’s milk.
“It was a place where he galvanized generations of doctoral students,” said Christine van den Wyngaert, a judge at the International Criminal Court in The Hague and one of his early Siracusa students.
There is nothing more potentially destructive for a major league baseball team than a slow start — unless, perhaps, it is a fast start that is too difficult to sustain.
_____ • Finally, it’s time to rethink the value of freshness.
But Williams is out, pregnant with her first child, and some of the biggest hitters have fallen early.
As the market for home run hitters shriveled up, Carter considered playing overseas for a year.
He served a stint managing the endowment at Harvard, his alma mater, and he’s also a life trustee and member of the investment committee at Amherst College.
That Kevin Durant would rub the team’s holdovers the wrong way.
Though he quibbled with lawyers over whether his dealings with officers constituted a quid-pro-quo arrangement — a question he is expected to testify about in a pending police corruption trial — he was clear about their outcomes: “I never expected to hear a no from them,” he said.
They have done a service to our country.
From the sideline, Isaiah Hicks could sense a big play coming from his North Carolina teammate Kennedy Meeks just by the look on his face.
A thickly cut slice of theatrical esoterica, the director Trevor Nunn’s production opened on Monday and runs through April 29.
And it wasn’t actually to protect the business interests of NFL owners, right.
This amusement park is the site of a late-night caper in the movie.
You’ve spent much of this season playing Beethoven’s sonatas, including a complete cycle at Wigmore Hall in London.
The once-quaint town, a grid of modest, brightly colored buildings well-known to Caribbean tourists and cruise ship aficionados, was a shambles, with corrugated metal twisted and lying in the street.
Just watching, he’s an N.F.L.
A monument to a monument.
“The whole body had been buried, but his head was only covered with leaves, so that people could see who it was.” Last year, Mr. Tharu joined thousands of others in filing a formal grievance with the country’s Truth and Reconciliation Commission, formed in 2015 to investigate war crimes committed during Nepal’s Maoist rebellion, which lasted from 1996 to 2006 and claimed nearly 18,000 lives.
Robert A. Iger, the chief executive of the Walt Disney Company, which owns ABC, was even involved, Mr. Seacrest said.
TRUMP: I think that he is very, very strong in the fact that he didn’t do it.
But modern capital markets have since unlocked far grander opportunities for tech entrepreneurs.
“Companies in every economic cycle cross a threshold where they go from prudent financing to overstimulating their sales with easy credit,” Mr. Ryan said in an interview.
Some works project fully into the depths and breadths of the Koch space, but not all.
Before reading the article: Do you know your family heritage?
Along with a wonderfully creepy installation of dozens of dolls, resembling the artist’s mother and arrayed on shelves straight out of Costco, Ms. Upson is also showing a dementedly forceful video in which the artist inspects a number of Las Vegas tract houses, appraising their value as she jams her body under the kitchen cabinets.
The North Carolina regulator said Ocwen often failed to make payments on time — an error that can burden homeowners with added fees or even, in extreme cases, put their homes at risk.
Melania Trump, the first lady, also attended.
“So presidents do the best they can to stretch the fabric of incomplete outcomes to cover as much bare backside as possible and move on.” Mr. Trump’s advisers characterize that as the more pragmatic side of a businessman who takes maximalist positions in part to set the stage for negotiations but does not necessarily intend to go as far as he might give the impression.
With about 55 seconds left, Durant could sense that he was getting lost in the moment.
Next week, workers will shift from demolishing sections of the 105-year-old James A. Farley Building to transforming it into a grand train hall for passengers of Amtrak and the Long Island Rail Road.
Along with the typical back-and-forth about how much revenue each side would receive from the deal, Orange was concerned that Netflix, whose European headquarters are in Amsterdam, had not signed on to French rules requiring online video distributors to fund local-language content.