control for more than four years, said residents did not go out at night, fearing kidnapping and robbery.
Soaring air-conditioner use overloaded electrical grids and caused widespread power failures.
With rain pounding the ice in third period, the Flyers got going.
So the proposals to retrofit buildings, retool transportation and build a clean-energy system are simply ways of tackling the problem where it starts.
He is the son of Arlene Blicksilver and Harold C. Blicksilver of Somerset, N.J.
El historial de Estados Unidos como agente que contribuye al cambio de régimen es muy deficiente.
They need the moral authority reserved for people who’ve done so much loving, so much losing and so much figuring out how to press on.
Hours after Mr. Cifuentes gave his account, federal prosecutors filed a sealed motion seeking to limit similar testimony.
Half of people with H.I.V.
[Read the story] “I felt quite scared and alone.” Ireland's vote to end its abortion ban was hailed as an extraordinary victory, but women seeking the procedure must still contend with a deeply ingrained opposition.
The officer would grant that permission and then the sniper would execute that order.” “But that, that target has to have been — himself or herself — has to have been doing something violent that poses a threat?” “Yes.
By 2008, however, Ultych observes, ideologically extreme candidates and moderates became indistinguishable in their likelihood of winning an election, with predicted probabilities of winning hovering around 50 percent for both.
Now that it has won control of the Health Ministry, which has the fourth-largest budget in the government, its ability to embed itself in Lebanese state institutions has made it both a bigger target and a more elusive prey for the United States, which has designated it a terrorist group.
He is survived by his partner, the theatrical photographer Ruth Walz, and a son, Daniel, born in 1972.
people happy, and we tried until the end.
But Mr. Gaither, 20, was chairman of the High School Democrats of Tennessee during his senior year, a political transformation fueled by his liberal social views and cemented by his outrage over Mr. Trump’s hard-line policies.
Mr. Northam spoke to the lieutenant governor on Friday before he issued his apology, according to a Virginia Democrat familiar with the conversation.
Because while opportunities for American players in Europe continue to expand, there is not yet much of a road map for what Marsch wants to be: an American coach who builds a long, successful career in one of the continent’s top leagues.
“Some of it’s raw, but it’s still good.
Mr. Huseman, a mostly soft-spoken Oklahoman, parried questions more effectively than during the first hearing but grew animated after repeated questions about unionization.
“We approved the report to be released, and it did not get released to the public after that,” he said.
En cambio, el gobierno de Maduro estableció un bloqueo improvisado, pero eficaz, a lo largo del puente fronterizo.
Last year, dissenting from the court’s decision not to hear a Second Amendment case, Justice Clarence Thomas wrote that the court was abdicating its duty to protect an important constitutional right.
I said bye-bye,” he posted on Twitter.
He has spent so long fixated on winning the U.S. Open, but this week taught him the beauty that can reward those who see the big picture.
Keflezighi has never broken four minutes for the mile.
Por eso pido a los líderes demócratas y republicanos en el congreso estadounidense que trabajen juntos con sus socios y vecinos latinoamericanos y europeos para devolver la democracia a Venezuela de forma legal, legítima y pacífica.
I don’t follow the advice to avoid the news, and I see the president walked out of a meeting with Democrats.
It was the fourth year in a row that the figure exceeded 17 million, the longest such streak the industry has ever recorded.
Birds and butterflies have many brilliant markings that are usually invisible to humans, who can’t see ultraviolet wavelengths except under special lighting, but that are easily spotted by other members of their species.
(Want to get this briefing by email?
Most Americans wouldn’t know if Auntie Anne’s sold fewer pretzels in the Miami airport, or if a farmer in Minnesota decided not to plant another 10 acres of wheat because she couldn’t finance it.
Lourdes Cedeño, 41 años “Es como si la tierra se partiera en dos y tú solo quieres saltar hacia la grieta”, dijo Cedeño, mientras describía lo que sintió hace seis años cuando se enteró de que su hijo Miguel tenía leucemia.
Ms. Bouder notes that it is precisely this shift that will lead to a trickle-down effect.
Avoiding an 0-2 deficit was crucial for the United States, which lost to the Czech Republic in last year’s final.
During the 1970s, the city experienced an exodus of Fortune 500 corporations.
Mr. Marchionne spent heavily to develop a car, the Chrysler 200, that could compete with popular models like the Toyota Camry and Honda Accord, and a small car, the Dodge Dart, for the American market.
They thought really hard about whether to unionize and they came to a conclusion that was pretty close to unanimous.” As for his side gigs, sculpture and spirits, Mr. Haskell, who lives near Chinatown with his husband, a designer, said he wants to keep them up.
“El punto de partida eran las heridas personales, las heridas familiares, pero también otras heridas que compartí colectivamente con todo el país y quizá con la humanidad”, señaló.
As she spoke, Vega had just finished playing as part of the space’s farewell show, in which dozens of musicians, comedians, actors and poets took turns giving their final performances.
“It was couched as ‘plant-based,’” she said, “which, ironically, I’m heavily for.” But the surprise announcement displeased her.
Para quienes esperan su inminente deportación, “todo lo que pudimos ofrecer fue apoyo moral y algo para el economato.
On Friday, Dr. Stern tweeted a video showing how the New Horizons team expressed their appreciation for Dr. May’s work.
Last summer, I took a trip to the Southwest, a part of the country known for the bold reds of its adobe buildings, its mesas, its sunsets, its sands and cliffs, its everything.
Now wasn’t that more satisfying?
A fuss-free jumpsuit lets you concentrate on the work at hand (and has plenty of pockets for pens and paintbrushes), while whimsical accessories light the spark of inspiration.
“Eso ya es mucho más de lo que puedo decir de mi país.
Durante las décadas pasadas, mientras Amazon crecía, MacKenzie Bezos apareció con su marido en algunos eventos de alto perfil, entre ellos la fiesta de los Oscar que organiza Vanity Fair y la entrega de los premios Golden Globe; en 2012, fue anfitriona de la Met Gala (Amazon también financió el evento).
• La historia de una exposición queer censurada en Brasil que publicó el año pasado Ernesto Londoño, corresponsal de The New York Times en Sudamérica, es uno de los reportajes nominados a los Premios GLAAD que reconocen a los medios por “representaciones justas, exactas e inclusivas” de la comunidad LGBTI.
Although Mr. Trump likes to remain unpredictable on trade, he has made clear that he has a preference for tariffs.
In the spectrum between alive and dead, we set the threshold, and we can do so in response to biological, ethical and even practical considerations.
Mr. Miranda won the Pulitzer Prize and two Tony Awards for writing “Hamilton,” and just finished leading the cast of a touring production of that show in San Juan, P.R.
On Friday, however, the company announced that the board was starting an investigation of Mr. Bezos’ claims.
The attack targeted an American military convoy in the northern city of Manbij while troops were inside the Palace of the Princes, a restaurant where they often stopped to eat during patrols, residents said.
But I have never seen a chance like this before.” And maybe Amazon hasn’t either.
You know, maybe a phone call.
Each had its own snacks, its own flavors and brands, and Frito was on an acquisition binge.
Carriers say the new network technology will be deployed this year in only a few cities in the United States, and in some parts of Britain, Germany, Switzerland, China, South Korea and Australia.
I tried to text him and apologize and see what he thinks, but he never answered back.
The split was more pronounced last season, when LeMahieu hit .317 in Denver and .229 elsewhere.
You may want to have a basket for everyone to put their phones in, on silent, before the meal starts.
It has offices in Jerusalem, Chicago, Toronto and Seoul, South Korea, and is building a multimillion-dollar center in Jerusalem that will serve as its new headquarters and a base for Christian visitors.
No, Adriana answers in the short, soaring aria “Io son l’umile ancella.” She is a humble maidservant of the creative spirit who provides the words, the delicate instrument that serves the creator’s hand.
But instead, here we are, scrambling as usual and digging through backlogs of emails that have sat unchecked since the Friday before Christmas.
Senator Kamala Harris, Democrat of California, quickly sent out a fund-raising appeal, declaring: “For too long, we have been governed by lawmakers who are beholden to Big Oil and Big Coal.
No comió de las baguettes de camarón que llevé, salidas de mi restaurante.
Nearly six feet tall already, Shakur still bore cuts and bruises all over his head and arms from a bomb that had accidentally blown up in his face.
With no new money coming into Zimbabwe, Mr. Mnangagwa’s government had to make painful and unpopular economic choices, including imposing a 2 percent tax on electronic money transfers.
If you are doing well and winning, you don’t have any time at all.
Think back to how unnerving it was, a little more than 100 weeks ago, when Sean Spicer gave his fuming Baghdad Bob press conference insisting, falsely, that the crowd at Trump’s swearing-in was “the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration, period!” Americans were still capable of being surprised, in those innocent days, at being asked to put the lies of their new president above the clear evidence of their senses.
“Isn’t that wild?” said Ms. Wainwright, who is 61 but has the pep and studiousness of a schoolgirl.
Many black folks believed when they dreamed about something specific, that spirit was blessing them with a certain number to play.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
The Oscars for animated short film, documentary short and live-action short comprise one-eighth of the awards given on a traditional telecast, and it’s here that most Oscar pools run into choppy waters and the show itself often founders.
Taking place on the plaza’s concourse level, the program will be led by Joana Avillez, illustrator of Lena Dunham’s “Not That Kind of Girl” and the creator of an illustrated holiday map of Rockefeller Center.
The city’s best-kept secret, this luxurious retreat is hidden away at the top of a nondescript office building in the bustling 10th Arrondissement.
No matter how much free time you have this weekend, we have TV recommendations for you.
lockout set in the Instagram Age, in which longstanding concerns about money, race and social justice are galvanized by disputes over players’ personal images, and who has the right to control them.
Post a comment or email us: nytoday@nytimes.com.
Taking aim at the everyday tribulations and injustices of life in the United States, Mayor Bill de Blasio used his sixth State of the City speech to present his tenure in New York City and his promises of things to come as the alternative.
He said that he had wanted to unite the three alliance partners in “autonomy under one holding company.” “People translated strong leadership to dictator, to distort reality” for the “purpose of getting rid of me,” he said.
No cupcake for you.” [Listen to “The Argument” podcast every Thursday morning, with Ross Douthat, Michelle Goldberg and David Leonhardt.]
How far can Tiafoe go at this tournament?
So I moved to 30A, and of course there weren’t enough letters for “evergreen.” At this point I was sure enough to call rebus.
Eight of the 10 schools receiving the most G.I.
peregrination \ˈper-ə-grə-ˌnāt \ noun : traveling or wandering around _________ The word peregrination has appeared in 13 articles on NYTimes.com in the past year, including on Oct. 9 in the book review “In His Last Years, Oscar Wilde Is Far From ‘The Happy Prince’” by Jeannette Catsoulis: A mopey yet gorgeous-looking wallow in the final years of the literary giant Oscar Wilde, “The Happy Prince” staggers around Europe with one eye on the grave and the other on the kinds of sorry mischief an unrepentant hedonist like Wilde could get up to.
The Chinese are touting a clause in their investment law that would crack down on such transfers of technologies and offering up tougher regulations surrounding patents and copyrights, but some administration officials are skeptical that these changes will go far enough.
She said the cause of Ms. Goodson’s death had not yet been determined.
YouTube has struggled to keep up with pedophiles’ sometimes subtle methods for leaving suggestive remarks on videos of children.
Mr. Bront and Mrs. Donawa are beneficiaries of several government programs like Misión Vivienda, which provides housing for the poor, and a food distribution program known as “CLAP.” But Mrs. Donawa said the government food box is often limited to sugar, pasta and powdered milk.
Barkley said Davis’s winding up with the Lakers has been a likely outcome from the moment Davis hired Paul as his agent in September.
(Desayuna antes de ir, a menos que te atrevas a probar un generoso mocotó —caldo de pata de vaca— en uno de los restaurantes del muelle).
But an appeal may help Mr. Schellenberg extend the process while the Canadian government seeks to secure clemency.
These auctions are in turn covered breathlessly by the press, which celebrates each record as some testament to the strength of our global artistic culture and not just an elaborate ceremony of people getting ripped off.
That’s about 50 percent more than on basketball, and double the amount bet on baseball.
The chef Massimo Sola has been involved in several New York kitchens, including Sola Pasta Bar in SoHo.
Mr. Trump has had repeated colonoscopies in years past that showed no cancer or bowel disease, Dr. Bornstein has said.
¿Acaso la idea de una vacación caribeña no es dejar atrás los problemas?
“The news cycle is so quick that I think polling will face even a bigger challenge this time around; people’s viewpoints change so quickly,” she said.
It has also been blamed for widening the political divide in the country, pushing already partisan viewers to more extreme points of view.
?” On the Friday afternoon before Christmas, just hours before the government shut down over Trump’s demands for more funding for a border wall, I called Reid to see how closely he was following this latest brinkmanship.
“Oh my goodness, who could have seen that coming?” Mr. Osment said with a deadpan.
“In New York, you don’t always get all these outside areas unless you go to a public park,” Ms. Pineda said.
• A year before the killing of the dissident journalist Jamal Khashoggi, Saudi Arabia’s crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman, privately threatened to use “a bullet” on him if he did not return to the kingdom and end his criticism of the Saudi government.
Here are the things I am going to do.
Where it’s playing: Tickets are free at select AMC theaters Feb. 1-7.
Shay Dvoretzky, a lawyer for a trade association representing the state’s liquor retailers, said there were good reasons for the law.
Since its landslide victory in 2015, the N.L.D., as a matter of strategy, seems to have focused on trying to win the military’s support.
We had a favor to ask: Would he mind canceling his train home?
It may not surprise you that the answer is mostly about money, but is also about people and forms growing up.
Lt. Christopher Paul Hasson, 49, was arrested Friday on gun and drug charges, but prosecutors said in the filing that those charges were just the “proverbial tip of the iceberg.” The filing argued that Lieutenant Hasson should be held until he is tried, describing him as a “domestic terrorist” who intended “to murder innocent civilians on a scale rarely seen in this country.” At a hearing on Thursday, Magistrate Judge Charles B.
This is an excellent question, directly pertinent to all we do at Wine School.
Some of his entourage, including the man he chose as his successor, Emmanuel Shadary, are listed on European and American sanctions lists.
Con las fotografías impresas, recomienda poner la misma atención que con cualquier otra categoría de la casa.
Wait till we get to No.
I have begun the process of appointing ambassadors and locating and recovering national assets tied up abroad.
Stocks rebounded sharply, helping to embed an expectation into the markets that continues today.
Members of the group kidnapped, stabbed and abused others in retaliation for providing information to law enforcement officials, according to the indictment.
El domingo, Netflix compitió por su primer Oscar a mejor película con Roma, la exploración por la memoria del cineasta mexicano Alfonso Cuarón sobre su infancia en Ciudad de México.
In the CBS interview, however, he sounded more cautionary notes.
did mention eliminating “emissions from cows or air travel,” but — contrary to Trump’s swipes — that was a rather lighthearted description of a perfect future rather than a part of the plan.
From the perspective of, no one should have to suffer like this, the answer is absolutely yes,” Ms. Becker added.
Last April, thousands of Colorado educators walked out of classrooms to protest low education funding.
How refreshing, and what an excellent reminder he is that hugely successful athletes aren’t just physically gifted; they’re mentally tough, and many are smart.
Benedict XVI was my favorite pope.
But he’ll prove that assurance wrong, and when he does — in Christa Scott-Reed’s fitful production in the Acorn Theater at Theater Row — the forced sundering of their bond will genuinely sting.
He would frequently laugh at the things he said, his eyes brightening.
“I tried to have that conversation with every single person with a vagina that I knew,” Ms. Haddock said.
Italy: The country officially went into recession, and Europe as a whole is essentially at an economic standstill, a possible signal that the world is headed for a significant slowdown.
According to documents obtained by The Times, in 2014, transit officials rejected a similar idea — which involved mounting cables on the side of the tunnel walls — because of concerns about safety and reliability.
100 MILES Hamburg Poland Netherlands Berlin Mühlhausen THURINGIA Belg.
The sound mix made it seem like the house was talking over the show, and even Carol Burnett couldn’t right the ship.
Plastic is forever: More than 20,000 people in Britain have purchased a plastic engagement ring that costs about a pound.
The contract was ratified by an “overwhelming supermajority” of the roughly 30,000 members of the union, officials said Tuesday evening.
The top United Nations relief official said Thursday that grain to feed 3.7 million Yemenis is stranded and possibly rotting in warehouses in the front-line port city of Hudaydah, while nearly 10 million Yemenis verge on famine.
“That is often difficult to do because parties typically don’t leave a written record of their illegal maneuvering,” said William Gould, who was chairman of the National Labor Relations Board at the time of the Major League Baseball strike in 1994.
Safeguarding a nation’s cultural heritage is as important as protecting its environmental heritage.
Tua Tagovailoa connected with Jerry Jeudy for a 12-yard reception, Najee Harris raced up the middle for 13 yards and then Tagovailoa found Jeudy again, once again for 12 yards.
Just don’t expect to enjoy it sitting down.
“It’s petty, it’s small, it’s vindictive,” Mr. Hoyer said.
Sometimes the bride isn’t the one blushing.
Cuba no es ni la tiranía demoniaca conjurada por algunos conservadores ni el paraíso de los trabajadores heroicos que conciben románticamente algunos izquierdistas.
Just keeping yourself moving and having enough layers prevents the coldness.
What caught his eye was what appeared to be a self-portrait of a very young Rembrandt in one of the minor figures.
The day before Mr. Rivera Martinez’s arrest, two other men were removed from the main courtroom after it was discovered that they had continued a multiday ruse pretending to be paralegals for the defense.
Unas semanas después, el presidente estadounidense, Donald Trump, inventó una emergencia nacional para apropiarse de dinero federal con el que construir su cacareado muro fronterizo.
The irony is, I never once considered taking Jack’s last name.
“Today we take a decisive step to help save lives right away,” said Representative Mike Thompson, Democrat of California and the bill’s chief sponsor, adding, “From public polling to the ballot box, the American people have spoken up and demanded action.” By limiting the bill to background checks — and keeping out other provisions such as a ban on assault rifles or high-capacity magazines — gun safety advocates hope to pressure Republicans on a policy that has broad public support.
But it’s in stillness that Ms. Boitel finds the power to break our hearts.
If Mr. Ford once knew little about the province’s French-speaking community, that’s not likely the case now.
Place your left hand on a chair and stagger your feet, left foot forward.
Kiersten E. TodtArlington, Va.The writer, a former executive director of the Presidential Commission on Enhancing National Cybersecurity, is managing director of the Cyber Readiness Institute, a nonprofit.
Please email thoughts and suggestions to atwar@nytimes.com.
Back on earth, your next trip to the drugstore could be a more expensive one: Pharmaceutical companies raised prices on hundreds of drugs on Jan. 1.
“I know what it’s like to have disordered eating.
These persistent rumors promote the message that Muslims inherently “constitute a menace and danger to our safety,” Professor Afsaruddin said.
It’s packed with art — there are many large, midcentury abstractions by friends, peers and those he admired when he started, including Jules Olitski, Hans Hoffman and Kenneth Noland.
I’ve got a lot to look forward to.”
He also noted that the president’s ability to declare a national emergency was “absolutely” still a tool available to Mr. Trump to find funds to build the wall if a legislative agreement could not be reached.
With a polar vortex sweeping much of the United States, Stephen Colbert took a short break from Trump-bashing on Tuesday to make a few jokes about the bone-chilling cold.
It just looks nothing like what Republicans keep hitting the panic button over.
But as technology improves and costs drop, some still warn satellite intelligence gathering has its limits.
It is not yet clear whether Tsai’s group will seek to rebrand the Liberty or have them play elsewhere.
On the tape, it’s easy to catch the precise moment when John sensed that something was wrong.
In a separate statement, he said the United States would defy Mr. Maduro’s order to have its diplomatic personnel leave the country, saying “we will conduct our relations with Venezuela through the government of interim President Guaido, who has invited our mission to remain.” The armed forces have been a bastion of support for Mr. Maduro, who has nurtured their loyalty by giving officers lucrative contracts and assigning them to important government and state company posts.
Even so, for individual investors looking to protect themselves from market reversals, better strategies probably include conservative asset allocation with holdings of bonds and even cash.
Figuring out the tax owed on large estates is complicated, costly and time-consuming.
He has since used the H-1B program as a target in his campaign rallies, often highlighting the stories of laid-off workers who were told to train their replacements.
Reflecting on the Chiefs’ flop 15 years ago, Green blamed the offense — he missed some throws, a penalty negated a touchdown, a lost fumble erased Priest Holmes’s 48-yard run.
But transgender rights groups have called that move a “fake repeal” that didn’t do enough to help protect transgender people.
Federal authorities said that she had engaged in similar schemes the two previous years.
Charges against him include two counts of predatory sexual assault, which carry a maximum sentence of life in prison.
That some people don’t understand this, is racism.” We’ve shared a selection of these comments below.
“It seemed like there were hundreds of people there, without exaggeration,” said Timothy Fadek, a New York-based photojournalist who was close with Mr. Hondros.
“You weren’t supposed to do that,” said the president, who went on to praise the record-breaking election of 117 women to Congress in 2018.
While researchers are focused on the here and now, a warming world is expected to play a role in the future of bats, and perhaps this disease, though it’s too early to say how.
Mr. Wahl was an extraordinarily prolific author who published more than 100 books, many of which found favor with children and parents alike.
For the latest developments, read our cold weather live briefing.
En 2018, Lawless utilizó una prueba de ADN y, con ayuda de las bases de datos y los árboles genealógicos cada vez más exhaustivos del sitio web Ancestry.com, confirmó que su padre biológico era sacerdote.
She will now face the two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova, who is back in the semifinals at a major for the first time since she was stabbed during an attack at her home in December 2016.
A royal pair, crowned anew each year — and offering their services as volunteers — are tasked with finding the routes and organizing the next year’s events.
They came ready not just to legislate but also to use Congress’s oversight powers and reform the institution.
It became part of my brain.
“Sin embargo, cuando el acusado testifique, el jurado elige entre dos historias: la de la fiscalía y la del acusado”.
An afternoon here — particularly if you splurge on lunch at the on-site restaurant, where the menu was conceived by Argentine fire-master Francis Mallmann — is a delight, and a last gasp of upscale indulgence (with concomitant prices) before entering the department of Rocha, where everything immediately becomes much more laid-back.
The president ordered the D.O.J.
En las zonas urbanas con puertos de entrada ajetreados, solicitan más personal y equipo más nuevo.
Do you see your new work as a form of prayer?
I wanted [the theme of the season to be about] the changes of your life, and honoring that.” RUPAUL’S DRAG RACE 9 p.m. on VH1.
As it turned out, they had missed their mark.
Played by Marin Ireland, a masterly portrayer of tough and troubled women (“Ironbound,” “Kill Floor”), Alison is a likable mess of an English teacher trying to piece her life back together.
Our findings provide a window through which to understand how Israel is changing — and to explain what might be happening in this election cycle.
Timothy D. Cook, Apple’s chief executive, defended the iPhone’s rising prices in an interview with “Good Morning America” in September.
There’s a solid body of contemporary evidence on which to judge the governor of Virginia and we’re going back 35 years?
“It just explains how ideas come in and out of fashion, the same way that gravity explains why something falls to the earth,” Mr. Lehman said.
The whole time Adam Sandler was playing Opera Man, for instance.
And as the video of her dancing reveals, it turns out that she’s also a playful, charismatic, imaginative woman with a beautiful smile who knows how to laugh and have fun.
• ‘Unprecedented’ Floods in Australia Force Hundreds to Evacuate: Police officers in the state of Queensland were left clinging to trees while snakes and crocodiles roamed the streets after days of heavy rainfall.
First, when people say that U.S. corporations have “brought money home” they’re referring to dividends overseas subsidiaries have paid to their parent corporations.
Moser: 800-862-1973 or thosmoser.com For weekly email updates on residential real estate news, sign up here.
Quote: “Anti-Semitism is profoundly rooted in French society,” Prime Minister Édouard Philippe told Parliament, making a diagnosis rarely enunciated in public.
Prosecutors in New York have accused her of fraudulent bank transactions related to business with Iran that violated United States sanctions on that country.
Hunting is for when you kill your own food, except that most of your food is Cheetos.
Las críticas de los medios, la supervisión legislativa y los fallos adversos de los tribunales los hacen sentirse acosados.
How did they separately move on?
Ms. Fairweather could not be immediately reached for comment on Sunday.
They can have any name they want.
My mom was a schoolteacher, public-school teacher all her life — in New York, in New Jersey, in Michigan.
Los mercados bursátiles se tambalearon de nuevo el jueves, en parte debido a las preocupaciones de que las empresas y los fabricantes estadounidenses están comenzando a sentir los efectos de la desaceleración en China y de la guerra comercial.
He has fashioned his political brand around a series of concrete accomplishments and an aggressive response to disasters and other headline-grabbing events, like his campaign to make sure the Second Avenue subway opened on time.
On one occasion, Mr. Obama was even booed by an audience of union educators, because he spoke in support of performance pay.
The wool suits will be replaced with casual windbreakers, joggers will be worn with wingtips and the Democratic congressman Beto O’Rourke will do an absolutely sick 360 boneless in a Whataburger parking lot.
Using anonymous Facebook data from 239 million active users (73% of U. S. population), they created an index of social connectedness.
It’s an opportunity for me to humiliate myself on live television.
Mr. Kammenos’s withdrawal prompted Mr. Tsipras to call a confidence vote, which he won.
Part of this has to do with how skillful and fluid a writer she is otherwise — the facts seem to tumble forth, in a way that makes her jokes feel superfluous (when they aren’t awful) and strenuous (when they are).
Mixed with a little sugar and vinegar, it becomes a rich, salty dressing that brings out even more dimension in the fruit.
Had he played in a more recent edition of the N.F.L.
YouTube did not reveal much about how it would determine which videos would be excluded from its recommendations.
In one segment, Ms. Yue, a recent graduate of Peking University who gained prominence as a #MeToo activist, acknowledges her errors and then vows to “stand with the people and stand with the party,” the activists recounted.
And you’ve identified the downsides: adding to her anxiety, sparking her resentment.
By 1978, when Bobby Herald bought it and added his name to the sign, it had already been on the Row for decades, a place where songwriters and neighbors and music scouts and industry regulars gathered.
The groom, 36, is of counsel at Weil, Gotshal & Manges in New York.
Sergei Polunin: Considered by many one of the top male dancers of his generation, he lost an invitation to dance at the Paris Opera, over social media posts that were anti-gay and sexist.
The judges are often disdainful, and critics say they are far from impartial.
Francesco Ghirelli, the Serie C president, told Radio Rai that a game like that “must never happen again.” And on Monday he made sure it wouldn’t: Lega Pro, the governing body for Serie C, announced on Monday that Pro Piacenza had been kicked out of the league.
Inside, singers dressed in elegant gowns perform renditions of her signature ballads like “The Moon Represents My Heart” and “Sweet as Honey.” Customers sample dishes inspired by Ms. Teng’s music, including “moon pancakes” and fried pumpkin with honey sauce.
had ever issued an environmental verification request in any trade deal.
I just can’t help it.” It is a trait that ensures not only that Zemmour is to be found everywhere, talking, but also that everyone, everywhere, is talking about him.
There’s a version of this film where everything is just darkness, and it was very delicate walking the line of how much darkness we would allow into the film and how much love we would allow into the film.
Things kick off Wednesday night with a trio featuring the bassist Michael Bisio, the trumpeter Kirk Knuffke and the cellist Fred Lonberg-Holm and a quartet including the trumpeter Jaimie Branch and the alto saxophonist Darius Jones.
Within the index, expectations among business owners about their sales and the overall economy had the biggest declines.
The pattern that emerged from early studies, Dr. Flick said, is that “a single exposure prior to age 3 or 4 seemed to have no impact on the frequency of diagnosis of a specific learning disability in children, but once you had two or more anesthetic exposures you saw a near-doubling of the frequency.” In a study of a population of children in Minnesota, approximately one in seven children under 3 received anesthesia, and a quarter of those had either multiple operations, or else a single prolonged exposure.
The pleasures of home and hearth are conveyed in sequences featuring homemade wine and showing Lucchi cultivating her vegetable and fruit garden.
The large rectangular flatbreads, about a foot long, are dark and earthy, yet light in texture.
The units of a circle’s area are, for example, square kilometers (or kilometers squared).
And they are always smarter than you.
During some of the Globe’s performances, there will be a surprise element — audience members will get to collectively choose which of the three plays they would like to see performed.
lawyer, said the New Hampshire law and others like it violated the First Amendment.
Use round radicchio di Chioggia (the most commonly available), long radicchio di Treviso or curly-fingered radicchio Tardivo.
Then the doctor appears and calls the woman’s name.
“I know you all can dig deep and keep on fighting to fulfill your own dreams.”
If you prefer a Zen-like environment that’s a little more colorful, she suggested using ceramic tiles in subdued hues or glass tiles in blues and greens.
She was asked if Friday’s defeat stung any less because she would forevermore be known as a major champion.
“We have to do something now.” Around South Asia, the impact of climate change has already intensified.
Closer look: The current spending impasse seems different from ones during the Clinton and Obama eras, our chief Washington correspondent writes.
And I didn’t have the heart to tell Americans quoting it that far from being a nation of outback adventurers, around 85 percent of us lived in cities.
Eleven days later, Loy Harrison, a different white farmer, bailed out Mr. Malcom at the request of his family.
Trinity’s website describes the project, rather modestly, as a “new parish building.” But it is considerably more than that, and the development process has not been without controversy.
Her collections have been met with mixed receptions, often called out for being too mild or insufficiently novel, but during the late ’90s and aughts, when Martin Margiela and then Jean Paul Gaultier designed for the house (both have cited their time at Hermès as tranquil and collegial) — their clothes were lauded but were deemed too avant-garde for the brand.
Remember, in our sport, you can be in the lead, and if you miss on the last chart, instead of being on the podium, you can be 30th.
It also emerged that the authorities were also investigating 48 cash deposits made on five days in a one-month period into Flávio Bolsonaro’s account.
Actualmente, estudia el último semestre del noveno grado; está considerando tomarse un año sabático para dedicarse al activismo de tiempo completo.
Instead, he said he watched Mr. Trump’s inaugural address, which was free, and met with various Republicans to discuss his peace plan, which would have lifted sanctions against Russia and which he said had some support from the Kremlin.
(Using a paste made of meat tenderizer — the unseasoned stuff, please!
It is a military dictatorship under royal command.
“The filmmaker posted a two-minute video from 1967 of the Rev.
“I think it shows the type of America I think America wants to become.” In 2014, a research paper from the Center for American Progress, a liberal advocacy organization, argued that the main lesson from Mr. Obama’s victory in 2008 was that the Democratic Party needed to invest more in organizing and motivating nonwhite women, and specifically black women.
Her Facebook presence also helped secure her first institutional exhibition, “All Right for Now,” at the Drawing Center, four years after her untimely death from brain cancer.
Is there anything you think we’re missing?
Anyone who has seen “Casablanca” knows the connection between Portugal and World War II refugees.
“Rick feels the same way about the impact he has had on these children’s lives.” Ellen, John and Jane returned for a special visit on Dec. 29, serving as flower girls and ring bearer at the couple’s wedding, which was held at their home in Tampa.
As part of a push to oust Mr. Maduro, the Trump administration has imposed sanctions that cut off his government’s access to the revenue from oil sales in the United States, one of Venezuela’s main sources of cash, and seeks to make it available to Mr. Guaidó instead.
The answers to those questions required not just contemporary genetic data but actual prehistoric DNA.
The bedroom has an open bathroom area with a sunken tub.
[The New York Times] • Despite the president’s televised speech Tuesday night in which he doubled down on the need for a border wall, actual border residents in four states were largely unenthusiastic about the idea.
In his Predictor rating, in which many bettors put even more stock, the Rams are actually a half-point better.
Others were indicted but acquitted (for example, Roger Clemens, the baseball pitcher) or received presidential pardons (like officials in the Reagan administration involved in the Iran-contra affair).
I’ve had more negative experiences with Airbnb than positive ones.
Those tests, however, though interesting, could not tell scientists what role irisin might be playing in brains.
“Stay with me.” His mother stood nearby, repeatedly lifting the black fabric covering her face to wipe her eyes with a piece of Kleenex.
The FARC, which has given up arms and formed a political party, worked to distance itself from the attack this week.
Yang dijo que también quería hacer una versión del juego para celulares que permitiera a los jugadores ver cómo su retoño virtual se compara con los de sus amigos.
I have to dress the 5-year-old in his school uniform; help the 7-year-old find his school pullover — “not sweatshirt!”; there’s a big difference — and keep the 3-year-old from destroying whatever she comes into contact with.
Mr. Trump was asked if he was the person in Mr. Stone’s indictment who directed a campaign official to contact Mr. Stone about damaging information in the possession of WikiLeaks, which was releasing Democratic emails stolen by Russian agents.
Later, another witness testified that Mr. Dowless had spoken to Mr. Harris about how well he was faring.
Side Stretch: Take your right arm to the right and bend your body to the right.
Mr. Taglin, 30, is the manager for international strategy and production at Disney Theatrical Productions, a division of the Walt Disney Company in Manhattan.
It did not urge the construction of a border wall.
All this seems to me the height of folly.”
Most Balanchine ballets are high poetry; but the creation of poetic art is the very subject matter of “Apollo.” Most myths of Apollo show him as fully divine, the mature god of music and the arts.
The director Bob Rafelson, one of the show’s creators, compared him to Harpo Marx.
“And I thought about how I like music and art.
• What do you get that other people just don’t seem to get?
Their most famous meeting came on July 16, 2018, in Helsinki, where they talked for more than two hours accompanied only by interpreters.
He is one of the few defendants, they noted, to have ever been charged with a crime for failing to register as a foreign lobbyist with the Justice Department.
Many people across the newsroom are involved in difficult conversations, weighing the desire to be sensitive and respectful of victims and their families with our mission to give readers a clear view of what’s happening in the world.
(Mr. Hurd noted that the “key players” are all cognizant of his position.)
It’s the kind of joke that makes me sad now.
But I believe he was apologizing for breaking the off-the-record agreement he had asked for in the previous meeting.
His knowledge of jazz — acquired by going to nightclubs, attending recording sessions and hanging out with musicians — made him an erudite figure in the field.
And the company isn’t simply writing checks or building new units — it’s trying to help fix a market failure, a job government typically does.
Sin duda, un muro no lo hará”.
Abraham-Joseph is a role model to the young people in this country, especially in Atlanta,” Ms. LaPolt said.
For a global bank, “the inability to operate in dollars is effectively a death sentence,” said Brad Setser, a former United States Treasury official and now a senior fellow for international economics at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York.
(Reuters) • An enormous bet from an anonymous trader that could earn $175 million feels a lot like Warren Buffett’s wager more than a decade ago.
evaluates the information provided along with the unique circumstances of the case and its resolution, and determines whether it is appropriate to award reward money.” [A Georgia case involving escaped inmates and slain prison guards shows that doling out reward money can get complicated.]
It’s good for our sport.” Uku Randmaa and Istvan Kopar are expected to complete the race in mid-March.
“I wanted the benefits and the guaranteed paychecks,” he said.
Once they left, officers followed the men, pulled them over for traffic violations and confronted them about paying for sex.
It didn’t have to be this way.
Officers said he reached for a handgun in his lap when they told him to show his hands.
Con esta decisión, el gobierno de Trump pretende disuadir a los migrantes, sobre todo los originarios de Centroamérica, de hacer el trayecto desde sus países hasta la frontera suroeste de Estados Unidos vía México, un camino que es largo y peligroso.
But he said the sentence was far too short, and reduced Laquan to “a second-class citizen.” William Calloway, an activist who had pressed for the release of the video in 2015, said that he was “heartbroken” by the sentence of 81 months.
If you look at the “female-sounding” phrases, changing them from -RESS to -ER makes them gender neutral only if you consider that the lone alternative we’ve had until recently, the masculine, has been the default.
Working in this textile workshop takes me away from my imprisonment,” she said, folding an order of $190 baby alpaca T-shirts bound for Net-a-Porter.
At 132 miles in, my system was fried and my G.N.H.
“No puede haber amnistía para los crímenes de lesa humanidad”.
Still, many players are unreachable, said Archie Roberts, a former N.F.L.
(unionhallny.com) MATT ROGERS has also served as host of Club Cumming’s weekly stand-up.
“I’m a confident guy.” He added of football: “I’ve played this game my whole life and I’ve always felt like I could do it.” There are many ways Murray’s pre-professional saga could conclude, and it is not at all certain that he will ever suit up for an N.F.L.
The start of the 21st century was a triumphalist moment for the United States economy.
(They’re also tracked by the website Diverse Representation.)
Mr. Dunnigan said he, too, had been encouraged by his discussions with the Trump administration.
A lawyer for Mr. Cohen did not respond to messages, and it is still uncertain whether Mr. Cohen will wind up at Otisville.
It does not happen by accident, former Patriots say.
And we begin the conversation.
“We need to have something to show for our next generation.
He’ll keep us safe!” I may have lacked a nuanced worldview, but I knew 9/11 wasn’t good.
Ten percent of used-book sales are given to Indy Reads, an area organization that promotes literacy.
We actually don’t know what they’re saying, or if we do know, it’s only the most absurd things.” This ideological isolation magnifies the most strident and radical voices.
In a week when Gucci apologized for a balaclava sweater that evoked blackface, and Virginia’s governor and attorney general admitted to wearing blackface, Alexander Wang threw a fashion week party at the Rainbow Room.
“Human relationships are vast as deserts,” Patrick White, perhaps Australia’s greatest writer, once wrote.
The wind made it feel like about 17 below zero.
“No existen respuestas fáciles en un país que carga con veinte años de heridas profundas; hay mucho dolor”, dijo Guaidó.
The man with the cane stopped and turned his head.
Freed from the restrictions on women’s movement back home in Saudi Arabia, and using a friend's credit card, she bought a ticket for a flight to Australia with a layover in Bangkok — where Thai officials said they would send her back home.
But then, you should not look to others for validation.
Mr. President, Secretary Pompeo, will you do that much?
Green was not far behind, at 11.18, and while Britton is not as much of a pure power pitcher, hitters struggle to elevate his hard sinker.
I was working as a bank messenger, traveling between branches to pick up the day’s records for delivery to the bank’s computer center.
No Christian should need to be reminded of the moral error of discrimination.
“We will hold everyone responsible for the murder of Jamal Khashoggi accountable.” These equivocations made it easy to forget that there had actually been a private conversation between M.B.S.
A strike to protest wage cuts had ended in open class warfare in 1922.
I started off with a dull Keira Knightley whistle-blower drama I’d picked on reflex, because I was used to seeing movies with stars I could interview.
The play is staged every year in Ms. Lee’s hometown, Monroeville, Ala., and is scheduled to go forward there this spring as planned.
Si las notas del chico bajaban un poco, se esforzaba solo un poco más, pero ella jamás se sentía suficientemente “segura” para no esforzarse al máximo.
She grew up in Blytheville and Little Rock, Ark., and attended Little Rock Junior College.
Lenders praised the changes but said they wished the bureau had gone further.
Over the years, the Pirates’ 1960 World Series victory has been celebrated by fans gathering in October at a remnant of a wall from Forbes Field, which was demolished in 1971, to hear the rebroadcast of Game 7.
A group of Republican senators were trying to forge a deal to pair wall funding with legal status for undocumented immigrants brought to the United States as children, often known as Dreamers.
Ms. Amadou was bored, and missed her friends.
“As he stepped into the studio though — boy,” he continued.
I have always viewed the relationship between Spain and Venezuela as particularly meaningful.
The first war between India and Pakistan, right after their independence from Britain and partition, was fought over Kashmir.
For example, whole-milk yogurt and lemons wouldn’t always have qualified as pantry ingredients.
Of the nearly 1,000 people whose information was leaked, 949 were politicians, roughly half of them from the governing Christian Democratic Union, Mr. Münch said.
Lillian, with a voice coated in five layers of peeling lead paint, is the pure, scamming heart of the city and one of the greatest New Yorkers TV has created.
It meant she ended up happy to come away with third place for her sixth world championship medal — just two off the American record held by Lindsey Vonn.
While the United States is only a modest gas exporter now, it is on pace to be a global leader like Qatar in the coming decades, made possible by the disruptive technologies like fracking.
Wondering about the specific significance of the symbols doesn’t prevent you from enjoying their overall effect.
“Un golpe de Estado en Venezuela con el apoyo de Estados Unidos no es una solución para los problemas extremos que enfrentan”, escribió Omar en Twitter, tras invocar una historia de intervenciones estadounidenses mal recibidas en contra de gobiernos de izquierda en Latinoamérica durante los años de la Guerra Fría.
Maggie, how does this one of hearing finally come to an end?
Cities offer them very different kinds of jobs than small towns do.
How do we prioritize them?
He sold his shares, leaving his former wife as the company’s largest shareholder.
Mr. Netanyahu fired back, saying that was “unfounded.”
Now, she has a chance to fix at least part of the problem.
But these first-act characters have had to meet Hollywood’s male gaze with whatever it wanted to see.
“Elizabeth Warren is the Democrat who has released the most comprehensive ideas about restructuring the corporate sector to reduce inequality,” she said.
“Green Book,” adored by many for its feel-good depiction of interracial friendship and disliked by others for its reliance on racial clichés, garnered five nominations, including editing and original screenplay.
During his initial battle with the disease, Jarrod became acquainted with Challenge, a nonprofit dedicated to providing practical and personalized services to the families of cancer patients.
“The message is that there are other options out there.” Historically, Saudi Arabia’s relationship with Asia was mostly transactional, with the kingdom selling crude oil to power Asian economies while importing manufactured products.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
“That was largely done for political reasons.” American commanders said obtaining spare parts for the aging, Russian-made copters was difficult.
“We know our place: We are not cops,” he said.
“The majority of people are nudists, and we are walking around free as a jaybird,” Ms. Porta said.
As the wind tossed around the hems of their robes, they entered together to meet the Muslim Council of Elders, a group of religious leaders specializing in interreligious dialogue.
And while physicians may worry that building rapport with patients requires too much time in a health care setting with visits that are already too short, there are simple ways to build warmth and competence — such as smiling, looking patients in the eye and asking their names — that don’t tax doctors beyond their limits.
“Just having the raw computing power to be able to analyze this at a more disaggregated level is a big part of it.” But even once you have an estimate of the cost of a hotter climate in future decades, some seemingly small assumptions can drastically alter the social cost of carbon today.
The payments also included a $60,000 bonus for Mr. Cohen — presumably a reward for his loyalty.
Her lunch partner, Pahola Capellan, who is also black and whose ringlets were bobbed just above her shoulders, said, of her own experience: “It’s very different.
En 2017, el Departamento del Tesoro estableció sanciones en contra de El Aissami, quien era vicepresidente en ese entonces, tras calificarlo como “un narcotraficante venezolano prominente”.
Everything that I see in the house relates to Joaquin.
While things can change, I would be utterly surprised by either of them indulging in any acrimony that would hurt the company.
And for God’s sake, don’t eat it.
For men, an Indiegogo-funded company sells an A.I.-enabled machine that says it is programmed from 8,000 hours worth of pornography clips.
Rites of Passage is a weekly-ish column from Styles and The Times Gender Initiative.
Mr. Trump also contradicted last year’s global threat assessment from senior intelligence officials, whom he had appointed to his administration.
The seed entry for this puzzle was 33-Across CRAZY RICH ASIANS, followed by 1-Across CATFISHES, a shout-out to Henry Joost and Supermarché, who made “Catfish.” I wanted to clue 41-Across ALL PROS as “Like Newton and Watt,” but WATT was already in the grid and I couldn’t figure out how to replace it.
He argued that Trump was a demanding and exacting and punishing boss.
In Goldwater v. Carter (1979), Justices Lewis F. Powell Jr. and William J. Brennan Jr. did not believe that the treaty termination issue (concerning the Mutual Defense Treaty with Taiwan) would be outside their purview as a nonjusticiable “political question.” Rather, Justice Powell believed that “official action” by Congress could demonstrate the kind of conflict ripe for judicial review.
The group carried out a deadly attack at the Westgate mall in the Kenyan capital in 2013 and several more since then.
They’re celebrating the death of this 16-year-old Palestinian girl in the rain.
It is highly unusual for a presidential administration to retaliate against reporters by restricting their access, particularly at a closely scrutinized foreign summit meeting.
I’m so happy to be growing up.
aims to reduce the troubling behaviors that can accompany dementia: repeated questions, wandering, rejecting assistance, verbal or physical aggression.
His strategy was rooted in a mix of civil disobedience and international pressure, urging Mr. Maduro’s military to abandon him, rather than seeking an outside military campaign to topple him.
Many poor people have had bad experiences with traditional power structures, such as banks, and don’t trust them.
The promise “We will work to fix bad trade deals and negotiate new ones.
The careers of Djokovic and Sampras never intersected — Djokovic turned pro the year after Sampras retired — but their paths crossed in Los Angeles in 2013 when they played together (and lost) in an exhibition doubles match at U.C.L.A.
Last month, it publicly hanged a 31-year-old man on charges of kidnapping and having sex with another man; he’s one of an estimated 5,000 gays and lesbians killed by the Islamic Republic.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
“Not that long ago, women weren’t even allowed to walk on the floor of these chambers,” she said.
“I’ve been trying to get some sleep because I’m on showbiz time,” Gaga told me this afternoon in a phone call.
“He’s still doing the same things; he’s just not doing as much of it.” On Monday, Robey-Coleman said the comments about Brady’s age were taken out of context, and that he has a lot of respect for him.
No one makes better galbijjim than your mother, at least if she’s Korean and she’s following the usual script about this fragrant stew of short ribs and root vegetables.
Mr. Zwickel moved there in 2014 when he was single and interested in the many trendy restaurants, after he became director of marketing for a new condominium.
El perro nos ladraba, no sabía qué estaba sucediendo [risas], pero es un buen día.
A storm that brought unusually heavy snow to the city is now moving through the Midwest and heading toward the Northeast.
The Chiefs’ defense, after failing a series of tests to start the game, came up huge on 3rd-and-goal, with Reggie Ragland intercepting Tom Brady’s pass attempt to Rob Gronkowski, thus stealing some momentum back for Kansas City.
All the abbreviations made me wonder what was going on before I figured out the schtick, but it was cool to see all the I’s emerge.
An Anthony Bourdain Book/Ecco/HarperCollins Publishers.
Vintage Classics publicará una nueva edición de New Hampshire, de Frost —la cual contendrá el grabado en madera original y algunos de sus poemas más famosos, incluyendo “Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening”— así como Whose Body?, de Dorothy Sayers y tres nuevas ediciones de las novelas clásicas de Christie.
“I do business with them today.”
Impact: Our correspondent in Florida visited Marianna, a deeply conservative town in the Panhandle.
Mr. Harding’s opening gesture was so expansive that the first sigh in the strings appeared to complete, or perhaps answer, a thought.
When he got there, he said he was happy to meet some people his own age.
Small bits of almond might have made it into my seemingly almond-free cookies.
“I felt terrible and immediately called Rick to explain,” she said.
Chelsea has paid Borussia Dortmund $73 million to complete the signing of Christian Pulisic, making the 20-year-old the most expensive American player in history by some distance.
“Un buen hombre” es como lo llamó uno de sus huéspedes temporales, Abdul Sylla, guineano de 29 años que indicó que espera poder estudiar.
Prices at the tower start at $1.2 million for one-bedrooms and just over $3.5 million for three-bedrooms.
“Rockland is a small county, and I consider everyone potentially exposed,” she said.
“That’s why we are in this situation,” Mr. Schindler said.
He ran for Senate in 2014 but lost in the Republican primary.
And it will destroy the hard-won gains Afghanistan has made in its journey of self-reliance since 2001, including the emergence of free media and free speech and the rebuilding of education and health systems that are saving and improving millions of lives.
The original egg post now has more than 52 million likes — her post is shy of 19 million — and the egg’s account now has more than 10 million followers.
1A: If you have ever used a dating website and have been flirted with by someone who seems too good to be true, you’ve been the victim of attempted CATFISHing (the entry is CATFISHES).
In a public, declassified way, they have to summarize their judgments about whether the North Koreans will ever give up their arsenal, whether the Iranians are violating a nuclear deal that the United States has already renounced, and how much progress is being made defeating terror groups like the Islamic State.
Waiting for the winning dog.
Le dijo al jurado que una vez los narcotraficantes les enviaron fotografías a los policías de maletas de cocaína que enviaron por avión desde Argentina a México y que los oficiales tomaron esas maletas de la zona de recolección de equipaje y después revendieron ellos mismos la droga.
You go out and speak in public, speak your mind and really say what you mean to say.’” [READ MORE: Women Are Penalized for Anger at Work, Especially Black Women] ______ If you watched Sunday’s Oscars ceremony, you probably caught the director Rayka Zehtabchi’s acceptance speech for her documentary “Period.
The sign above us proved her right.
A. I would say they may not think that they’ve had legal problems in their lives, but it’s almost impossible that they haven’t.
But Mr. Mulvaney, who previously headed the Office of Management and Budget, has been in this new role for less than two weeks.
Such details help gauge the health of the economy, and that’s where the trouble can begin.
She was fired in October 2017.
Together, they’re making an effort to recruit men and women from impoverished neighborhoods or challenged populations, such as former prison inmates.
There were indications, however, that that person might be from Trinidad, according to Simon Cottee, a senior lecturer in criminology at the University of Kent.
Or think about cases that get solved before the last commercial break in a cop show.
Don’t forget, this situation started because Mr. Northam made comments supporting a state bill that would roll back restrictions on late-term abortions.
It was easy,” she said.
Looking for a shortcut or two?
(Economist) • Delta’s C.E.O., Ed Bastian, says “leadership is not a popularity contest.” (NYT) Thanks for reading!
Still, she said, she did not regret her vote.
“It made me realize that I wasn’t safe.
In recent weeks, prosecutors have asked lobbyists who worked on the account why red flags years earlier went unheeded.
“And we all need distractions.” “What should I do now?” she asked.
I asked the bartender who made them, and he said the artist, William Coupon, lived just a couple of blocks away.
In November, top Iowa Republicans like Senator Charles E. Grassley endorsed Mr. King for re-election even after one House Republican official came out and denounced him as a white supremacist.
Despite a deal to end the shutdown on Friday, the funding freeze paralyzed large swaths of the agency during the crucial weeks that its staff prepares for its busiest time of year.
Venezuelan military officials and troops in exile will then move these supplies into Venezuela, where if all goes well, army troops still loyal to Mr. Maduro will not stop their passage nor fire upon them.
The various moves reflected high tensions in Congo, where the long-delayed election was meant to choose a successor to Mr. Kabila, who is set to step down next month after 18 years in power — and two years after the official end of his mandate.
They put Dongsong’s refinery proposal on their short list and traveled to Guangzhou in 2017 to conduct due diligence interviews.
Since the mid-1990s, Britain has registered a marked decline in violent crime, national crime surveys show, and it is too soon to know if the recent uptick is an anomaly or a trend.
This meant oversize earrings, peacock feathers, sparkly slides, tattooed fingers, faux fur and evening gowns, with an over-index of black rimmed glasses paired with long rocker hair.
5:30 p.m. Cocktails with my publicist.
After a stint in the Marines and several years with the Legal Aid Society and in private practice, he became an assistant district attorney in Brooklyn in 1969, rising to first assistant.
Entonces sucede que este aumento de la energía oscura también sería suficiente para resolver la discrepancia en las mediciones de la constante de Hubble.
But few were as briskly cynical as “Quick Millions” (1931).
Their values make them potential supporters for parties and leaders promising to restore national sovereignty (Make America Great Again), restrict immigration and multicultural diversity (Build a Wall) and defend traditional religious and conventional moral values.
Matias said he had a plan for the afternoon: video games and sleep.
Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, the Republican leader, said in a statement on Tuesday that it was time “to move on from the broken high-speed rail project and redirect our efforts to infrastructure projects that work for Californians.” The $929 million in funds that the Trump administration says it plans to take back have not yet been transferred to California.
With four replacement principals in place, the revival is nicely evolving with new stars, our theater critic says.
In October, prosecutors arrested a former senior official of the National Court Administration, an arm of the Supreme Court, and named Mr. Yang as a co-conspirator.
وقالت إنها كثيرًا ٠ا كانت تُسحب ٠ن الفراش لتُضرب.
That is more than double the number of potential candidates at this stage in the last presidential campaign, in 2014.
Sign up here to receive Wait —, a weekly newsletter in which Caity Weaver investigates a question in the news and pop culture.
He was Troy Aikman’s backup when the Cowboys won their last Super Bowl title, in the 1995 season.
La periodista Virginia López Glass reflexiona sobre la grave crisis económica venezolana y se centra en el proceso inflacionario que acaba con el poder adquisitivo de los salarios, además de convertir a la compra de alimentos en una agotadora prioridad debido a las largas filas provocadas por el permanente desabastecimiento de los productos básicos.
They feel a sense of satisfaction that they wouldn’t receive when shooting an apology through text.
Jan. 7 Badghis Province: 21 security forces killed The Taliban attacked security outposts in the Qarchi area of Qades District, killing seven police officers, four local police officers and three soldiers.
The most popular listing in the final month if 2018 was a home overlooking the Saint Lawrence River.
Many of Mr. Guaidó’s supporters said they are preparing to storm a border bridge to force open the blockade on Saturday.
They race up in jeeps.
When I look into her eyes now, I am worried that has changed, because she is trapped.” Other lawmakers spoke about the dangers of a no-deal Brexit, including Oliver Letwin, a senior Tory figure, who warned that were “terrible things” to happen, the Conservatives “will not be forgiven for many years.” With the deadline pressing, Mrs. May’s next move will likely be to return to Brussels before going back to Parliament to try to convince lawmakers again.
If you thought the men in “Sideways” were too schlubby, too pathetic, and the women too inexplicably accommodating, “Under the Eiffel Tower” is here to say, “Hold my Bordeaux.” Stuart quickly falls in with a rakish Scottish football player (Reid Scott) who teaches him to live for the moment; they end up disembarking from a train with a sophisticated vintner (Judith Godrèche) who awakens Stuart’s sense of chivalry.
The same, racist, anti-immigrant politics that led to Exclusion are alive and well in our current, toxic times.
Compartir tus creencias sobre Dios y el cielo con una persona que no es religiosa también puede no ser bien recibido.
But officers showed up at his workplace a short time later and threw him into a car.
And I was silent for a few years due to fear and also because I did not see a clear picture to get out of this.
WALLSA History of Civilization in Blood and BrickDavid Frye320 pp.
Michael Marino, who is retiring soon after overseeing the PATH for the Port Authority since 2015, said the improved technology would allow trains to run just three minutes apart, down from at least six now.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority board voted on Wednesday to raise fares for New York City subway and bus riders in April.
Zach Levine had 26 points and Jabari Parker added 22 points and 9 rebounds for the Bulls, who have lost four straight and 10 of 11.
He served as an assistant United States Attorney in Charleston, and with the support of the racially demagogic South Carolina Democratic Senator Ellison “Cotton Ed” Smith, was named by President Franklin D. Roosevelt as one of three judges on the district court in 1942.
The Obama and Trump administrations would unveil new strategies – continuing the fight, which goes on to this day.
In that case, the authorities arrested about 20 brokers who they said had recruited foreign students to the university.
But part of it was also the way they wore the color: unapologetically, like a sign of enthusiasm for their job.
Artificial intelligence can magnify the danger of data-driven injustice.
“It does cut to the heart of a lot of our concerns and our desire to have a clean, green environment,” he said.
If appeals to centrism lack a certain oomph, they compensate with an air of legitimacy, the ability to posit that your own view is the only reasonable option.
Do you spend it on things you need, indulgences or experiences?
The response is as essential as the product — which Stefan himself thinks, since he’s more focused on that one TV review segment about games than on any other kind of feedback, or even just his own sense of satisfaction.
Really, there’s so much talent there, it could have been anybody.
There’s all those lights behind her, as if she’s up on a huge stage at Coachella or something without even realizing it.” “I think you might be a songwriter.” transcript “NARRATOR This is Adam McKay, the writer-director of “Vice.’” “Who is calling on Sunday morning?” [phone ringing] “NARRATOR This, to me, is one of the most important transitions in the entire movie.
The problem of God’s whereabouts is in fact the underlying theme of “Sea Wall,” the opening monologue.
We’ve already seen an uptick in correspondence from women that has been thoughtful and telling.
Steven Hernandez, 17, said the closure of the store in Sunset Park would complicate his procurement of live crickets for his two pet bearded dragons.
emphasizes enforcing illegal-contact rules in the secondary for the first time in seven years.
said it would hold back the compromising photos if Mr. Bezos stopped his investigation and publicly said that he did not think the exposure of his affair had been “influenced by political forces.” Quote: Rather than give in to blackmail, “I prefer to stand up, roll this log over and see what crawls out,” Mr. Bezos wrote in an extraordinary blog post.
The iPhone was exempt from the first round of tariffs on products built in China.
But is all this enough?
It’s unlikely many, if any, Qatari supporters will make the trip to Abu Dhabi.
That’s very much behind the diplomacy with South Korea that’s been going on since January and the diplomacy with the U.S.
On the question of whether he believes the governor should resign, Mr. Fairfax noted that he is in “a unique position” and wanted to remain “circumspect” about the matter.
Rivian has said it aims to sell about 20,000 vehicles in 2021 and double that in 2022.
Venezuela’s opposition leader made his first public appearance since he declared himself president, and told supporters to keep pressure on the authorities “if they dare to kidnap me.” The rally was peaceful and there was no indication Juan Guaidó would be arrested, as many feared.
Destacó que tanto la Muralla China y la Línea Maginot en Francia —cada una construida con un gran gasto— fracasaron en detener a los invasores.
Luckily, I took the day off for Rosh Hashana and went to the market, and I was able to snap back into reality in a lot of ways.
“I do think our section was unusually harmonious,” he said, adding “if there is any cause beyond coincidence, it’s the warm environment that Mr. Hanson fostered.” Ms. Church could not agree more.
Those who advocate restraint believe the United States went wrong by expanding, not contracting, its global responsibilities after the Soviet Union collapsed.
But there’s a caveat: Violators are exempt “if the act was committed as part of artistic, educational, collecting or scientific activity.” Sales of antiques or collectibles with some historic, academic or artistic value are permitted; sales of recent reproductions are not.
For more than a century it was in the mainstream of American pop culture, in Broadway plays and in Bing Crosby movies, before receding as the civil rights movement ascended.
“I couldn’t get enough of him.’’ As history now knows, the duo was able to solve the puzzle in 1953, with their hallmark models of cardboard and metal, only with the help of another scientist, Rosalind Franklin, whose X-ray photograph of the DNA molecule was shown to Dr. Watson without her permission.
The snake isn’t scary — but has alarmingly low production values, being handmade out of papier-mâché and studded with colorful aquarium pebbles.
This year’s class is not expected to contain the same caliber of quarterback prospects as last year, when the quarterbacks Baker Mayfield, Sam Darnold, Josh Rosen and Josh Allen all went in the first 10 slots of the draft.
He had to leave the next morning on a business trip to Nampo.
“It makes sense to seek to repair that relationship because in every other sense, her successful rollout pretty successfully helped her move beyond this controversy.
championships in April, where it may bring home a second straight title to go with all the clicks.
Last month, Canada detained a Huawei executive, Meng Wanzhou, a daughter of the company’s founder, at the request of the United States on charges that she participated in a scheme to violate sanctions against Iran.
After they finished up at Victoria Crater, a half-mile-wide feature, they wondered what to do next.
But when the network asked her to reconsider, it planted a pesky idea in her brain.
Loads of hot sauce and lemon juice and Worcestershire sauce, whisked with olive oil.
The women once married to Islamic State militants who are now seeking to return to the West may claim to have simply been housewives, but from the beginnings of the group, some women were more radical than their husbands.
The newsletter, Mr. Carter said, is “designed to live in a Trump-free world” (he has been an antagonist of the president since the 1980s, when Spy magazine, which Mr. Carter co-founded, branded Mr. Trump a “short-fingered vulgarian”).
If your head isn’t spinning yet, there is more: An alternative calculation allows real estate firms to claim a qualified business income deduction of 25 percent of wages and 2.5 percent of the amount invested in property.
El lunes 18 de febrero, el gobierno estadounidense de Donald Trump lanzó la advertencia a oficiales militares para que abandonen a Maduro a más tardar el fin de semana o lo “pierdan todo”.
Mr. Pence, fresh from a visit Friday to the Auschwitz concentration camp, accused Iran of seeking another Holocaust, citing speeches from Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Iran’s supreme leader.
But it aligns Brazil’s president ideologically with other conservative leaders who have risen to power by opposing multilateral approaches to contentious issues, including climate change and the treatment of refugees.
That ruled out a third transplant as his donated kidney failed.
He was accepted as a refugee and granted asylum in Australia.
Collin dijo que ella no quería que la tocara ni él.
The persistent smog has become a rallying cry for some people in Bangkok, where the aftermath of years of coups, street protests and army crackdowns has made the city seem, at least outwardly, an apolitical place.
Instead, a system of robust regulation allows for product safety testing, the enforcement of age limits for purchase and the peaceful resolution of disputes among market participants.
Hay una escena en la que el gerente de contrataciones le dice a Armando que rechazó a Betty para el puesto debido a su apariencia.
The transcript makes clear that Mr. Gates, who pleaded guilty to two felonies and has been cooperating with prosecutors for a year, was a key source of information about Mr. Manafort, Mr. Kilimnik and other issues central to their inquiry.
The bottle is heavy; the wine is weighty at 15.2 percent alcohol, and so is the price.
“This is a very, very damaging narrative.”
Royal tradition and colonial race science once afforded the Tutsi minority a superior place in Rwanda’s social hierarchy, but Mukasonga grew up in the aftermath of this illusory privilege.
She thought organic material was a good idea because the fabric gets close to the food.
The Federal District Court that heard the Louisiana case struck down the law as a serious burden on women’s access to abortion, finding that the state did not provide “evidence of any instance in which an admitting privileges requirement would have helped even one woman obtain better treatment.” So it was astonishing that, in flagrant disregard for the Supreme Court’s ruling, a panel of the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, in New Orleans, upheld the law in September.
Permission to feel angry and disgusted with our actions is reassuring and mobilizing.
But with sharp questions and comments, Ms. Kelly offended celebrity guests like Debra Messing and Jane Fonda.
“The greatest teacher for a pitcher is starts,” he says.
money,” said Zellnor Myrie, a newly elected senator from Brooklyn.
It will take a combination of personal responsibility, media education and both legislative and legal advances to help Americans avoid losing all control of their personal information through their phones and computers while using the web.
He said a conflict would arise only if a development project needed approval from the planning commission, something he did not expect he would need.
Marriott has said it would pay for a new passport for anyone whose passport information, hacked from their systems, was found to be involved in a fraud.
I want him to show that he is sensitive to the requirements of social justice.
Pari Berk is a lawyer and writer who is completing a memoir.
“The new head of the institution will face a difficult challenge in maintaining the institution’s legitimacy and relevance while hewing to the Trump administration’s open hostility to multilateralism.” Since the institutions were created at the end of World War II, an American has led the World Bank and a European has led the International Monetary Fund.
Saturday was not the first time Mr. Trump has targeted Mr. Cohen’s family.
That boundary may be harder for ordinary mortals to locate, partly because the human body itself is such a paradoxical phenomenon.
“I think she’s the future of U.S. ladies’ figure skating.” The United States nationals are being held in Detroit for the first time in 25 years.
Soon, everyone in the vicinity was swapping the handles of their favorite celebrity vermin.
WOOLFE I don’t know if that’s in the cards; the soprano-baritone duet from Act III of “Aida,” while expressive at Zankel, didn’t make me confident that there was an evening-length leading role in her voice, at least not right now.
Because it’s as hot as a sauna inside it, they can’t wear the protective gear for very long.
[Si quieres recibir los mejores reportajes de The New York Times en Español en tu correo suscríbete aquí a El Times] En un sitio de 6 hectáreas cerca del anillo exterior de circunvalación de Roma, el enorme templo en lo alto de una colina, cuya construcción tardó casi diez años, no pasó desapercibido todo ese tiempo y causaba curiosidad a los romanos, sin importar su fe.
After all, my family had been fed the lie that polio could be overcome with enough grit and perseverance.
COB: Antarctica is the last great wilderness.
Politics of broccoli: Presidential hopefuls diet to get in shape for 2020.
Tavares was playing under a team-friendly, six-year, $33 million contract before last summer, when he became an unrestricted free agent for the first time.
Marc Newson Age: 55 Occupation: Designer Location: London His favorite room: Mr. Newson and his family live in a converted Royal Mail sorting office.
Trump’s major substantive difference with Obama has been over the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or J.C.P.O.A., more commonly referred to as “the Iran deal.” Kerry and Obama labored mightily to get France, Russia, China, Britain and Germany on board with having Iran drastically cut its enrichment of uranium in exchange for lifting economic sanctions.
Come back every Friday for new suggestions on what to watch.
“Then you have people coming out of those colleges with a sense of who they are and the ability to stand there and say, ‘I’m not afraid — bring what you will and I will bounce back with everything I’ve got’ — and I think that scares a lot of people.”
They had left Venezuela months before, but they said it was the miserable life they had encountered in Colombia that had spurred them to keep walking.
Most of them have been quickly blocked by the courts.
“It should be the last thing on members’ minds,” Representative Mike Quigley, an Illinois Democrat who sits on the Intelligence Committee, said about impeachment.
Workers should love what they do, and then promote that love on social media, thus fusing their identities to that of their employers.
“The Wall is the Wall,” the president responded in an angry tweet contradicting his top aide.
Was it ridiculous or emasculating?
He was there, he said, because of the opportunities Stuyvesant gave him.
Neal E. Boudette, who is covering the Detroit Auto Show for The Times, wrote today’s Back Story.
But the mission ran aground after Mr. Bolton demanded that Turkey protect Washington’s Kurdish allies and pledged that American forces would remain in Syria until the Islamic State was defeated, which could take months or years.
Blockchain, the ingenious database technology best known for underpinning the faddish digital currency Bitcoin, is reviving the utopian fantasies of the early internet era.
FEB. 10-16 As the economy recovers from the government’s longest shutdown in history (and will be recuperating for some time), Congress is working to prevent another one starting after midnight on Friday.
Para cuando Cuba se independizó oficialmente de Estados Unidos, el 20 de mayo de 1902, la isla se había convertido en un Estado vasallo, el cual muchos estadounidenses esperaban que algún día se anexara a la unión de territorios de ese país.
Such deceptions, typically carried out online, have long been a concern, but the problem has worsened significantly in recent years: Americans reported just $33 million lost to so-called romance scams in 2015, according to the agency.
Still, Mr. Northam was bracing for resignations from his cabinet, which his advisers expected to come before the end of the week.
(AT&T has said it is generating enough cash to “manage its obligations.” G.E.
Ha desatado una conversación nacional acerca de la desigualdad, el trato que se da a los empleados domésticos y sobre quién es bienvenido en la alfombra roja en un país donde las mujeres indígenas rara vez aparecen en las revistas, mucho menos en las entregas de premios hollywoodenses.
China initially responded to reports of mass incarceration of Muslims by issuing blanket denials, but its position changed after a United Nations panel monitoring religious equality expressed its alarm in August.
By the end of the day, the military had largely sided with the regime, and a protest planned as peaceful had descended into violent skirmishes.
He didn’t finish high school, but he saved his money and with his father bought a gas station in Inwood in the 1986, which became J.V.
The Lakens’ telling of that night includes two other cars.
Atrapado en medio del caos Un artículo reciente de The New York Times Magazine cuenta la importante historia de Álex, un inmigrante hondureño que se convirtió en daño colateral durante un operativo contra miembros de la pandilla MS-13.
Arriving at the Metropolitan Opera’s New Year’s Eve Gala around 10 p.m., soaked after two hours in Times Square, felt exactly like that.
[Si quieres recibir las mejores columnas de Opinión de The New York Times en Español en tu correo, suscríbete aquí a El Times] Después de seis décadas, ¿no podemos avanzar?
But the license plate on his car reads: FOXBRO.
The full list of lines that could be affected is on Page 25 of the subway’s Fast Forward plan.
In 2016, the pension board of the United Methodist Church excluded from its multibillion-dollar pension fund Israeli banks whose loans for settlement construction violate international law.
“The newest members of the democratic family, John Paul II hoped, ought to be a reminder to the older members of the family that freedom and truth, freedom and virtue, cannot be separated without doing serious damage to the democratic project,” George Weigel, the author of “Witness to Hope,” a biography of John Paul II, said in a recent speech in Warsaw.
Hunger as a defining symptom of poverty in the United States is rarely discussed, either at the level of engaged civilian conversation or as a political talking point.
We need to take extreme measures: to declare a national emergency, strictly ration every citizen’s carbon footprint, raise taxes on the rich and middle class alike to fund trillions of dollars in green infrastructure projects worldwide, and even impose economic sanctions on China and India if they don’t stop building new coal plants.
Not only does the technology map the world — it remakes the world by mapping it.
“There’s more interest now than ever.” Northern Virginia officials said they recognized that there could be similar protests in their area.
But they also have left women’s pros feeling little support from men’s players when debates around equal prize money have flared up, as they do periodically.
Although some of these data are applied to service improvement, the rest are declared as a proprietary behavioral surplus, fed into advanced manufacturing processes known as ‘machine intelligence,’ and fabricated into prediction products that anticipate what you will do now, soon and later.
The other great thing about meaning is that everybody gets to define meaning in his or her own way.
Also this month, Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, said he planned to introduce a bill that would change the preferential tax treatment of buybacks, though the details of such an approach remain unclear.
It’s trying to be delicious.
“That is success, but catastrophic because at this point there’s no obvious way out of this.” Some in Britain are urging a delay in its scheduled March 29 departure, to allow time for a new consensus, a leadership change or even a second referendum.
In November 2016, when the cookbook author Yasmin Khan returned to her home in London after the olive harvest in the Israeli-occupied West Bank, she faced a problem: No matter how strenuously she tried, she could not write.
Despite these denunciations and the humanitarian crisis Venezuela is facing, Mr. Maduro is embarking on a term that extends until 2025.
But after 12 straight seasons at .500 and below in St. Louis, the team waited till it got to Los Angeles to fire Coach Jeff Fisher and bring in the young genius Sean McVay, who brought immediate success.
But the team — and its woeful state as one of the worst teams in the N.B.A.
On routes between Asia and North America, Cathay Pacific, the Hong Kong-based airline, offered seats in its exclusive business and first classes for less than the economy fare.
How do you organize your books?
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
And then there’s evidence, too, of the human response: a cacophony of cults and cons, panic and denial.
The commission can also force internal policy changes and rehirings at offending institutions.
Slow-moving, hulking ships crisscross miles of ocean in a lawn mower pattern, wielding an array of 12 to 48 air guns blasting pressurized air repeatedly into the depths of the ocean.
All’Arco takes its name from the ancient stone arch facing the bar — said to symbolize the matrimonial union of two neighboring households centuries ago.
Of course, he was rewarded with a following that was cultlike in its devotion.” The cultists call themselves the Bogleheads, a group of like-minded investors who consider Mr. Bogle the spiritual leader of their financial lives.
El ave que Shirley y Jeffrey Caldwell han visto afuera de su casa durante los últimos días es el ejemplar más extraño que hayan observado.
Dale would reluctantly drive him to corrective lessons, bullying him the whole time about what a burden he was on her.
Theoretically, he explained, his liver cancer was in remission, although he acknowledged he had no concrete proof.
The founders did not intend a minority of senators, let alone a single one, to be able to obstruct the majority of the chamber.
So, O.K., let’s see how we can help this guy be a good president.
“That would be a huge honor.
Last year in The Hartford Courant, Dr. David W. Wolpaw, a family physician in Manchester, Conn., described a man in his 20s with a weekslong sore throat who had done an internet search and thought he had oral cancer.
Or they may instead decide to investigate the role equipment plays, look into possible reforms or consider ethical implications.
An army of personal stylists waiting to be summoned by their clients for some of the flashiest events of the year.
Also making it into the finals were Belgium, a 3-1 winner in Brazil; Chile, which fought back from 2-1 down to topple Austria, 3-2; and the Netherlands, which beat the Czech Republic, 3-1.
“I have power and you have none.” So says Man to Woman in the opening lines of “When We Have Sufficiently Tortured Each Other,” Martin Crimp’s sold-out, much maligned play at the National Theater here.
Ross said the Levi’s plant was polluting the water with toxic dyes.
“Really ask yourself: ‘Why am I feeling this way?’” If other evidence supports a possible crime, she added, then it may be appropriate to intervene.
El caso contra Guzmán develó para un público más generalizado las operaciones del cártel y ayudó a desmitificar a quien durante décadas se volvió un héroe popular para muchos en el mundo.
After The Enquirer made his private life public, giving Twitter wags and late-night hosts the chance to weigh in on his high-flown texting style, Mr. Bezos sprang into action, starting his own investigation of the tabloid’s motives and how it had come to possess his texts to Ms. Sanchez.
It was incredibly beautiful, yet you had this guerrilla war unfolding on this beautiful landscape.” The opposite dynamic was at play in Nicaragua, where Mr. Wallace lived from 1985 to 1988, as the Reagan administration funneled money and arms to Contra forces fighting the Sandinista revolutionaries who had toppled the dictator Anastasio Somoza.
Along Venezuela’s border with Brazil, Venezuelan security forces fired on a group of indigenous Venezuelans protesting their government’s determination to block aid deliveries from outside the country.
In the Buffalo area, one person died Thursday while using a snowblower and another was found dead after shoveling.
“If he’s not a front-runner,” said the elder Ms. Hattorf, “he could easily be someone’s running mate.” But there was also the cold acknowledgment from some in attendance that they did not know much about Mr. de Blasio and were wary of his chances to even compete for the presidency.
Mr. Van Dyke, who is white, shot and killed Laquan in October 2014 on the Southwest Side of Chicago as the black teenager walked down the street, carrying a pocketknife and ignoring officers’ orders to stop.
Nonetheless, Banks knows that a young woman found dead at the scene of an auto accident would not get all dolled up and neglect to take her handbag, and that a man who supposedly fell to his death in a ravine would not have gone for a stroll on Tetchley Moor wearing an expensive suit.
Inside the galleries, Ulrike Müller and Sarah Crowner use bright tiles, enamel, weaving and canvases sewn together to test the line between art and craft.
“I like acting,” he said.
The extraordinary eight-legged motion — so creepy when you see it on your bedroom wall — becomes a thing of wonder when you look harder.
The adviser, Darin Selnick, who is spearheading a controversial plan to shift billions of dollars from government-run veterans’ hospitals to private health care providers, spent more than $13,000 on his bicoastal commute in three months, including airfare, hotel stays and other outlays, according to expense reports published by the nonprofit news organization ProPublica.
He also said he wanted to speak to Mr. Mueller and Rod J. Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general who appointed the special counsel, to see what they were already thinking.
“You’re actually called ‘children of the ordained,’” Mr. Doyle recalled Archbishop Jurkovic having said.
“Sometimes when we travel, the meals will be catered to runners: salad and a premade plate with half a chicken breast and a quarter cup of rice,” Crouser said.
Our backpacks and briefcases are weighted with laptops and water bottles, reading glasses, lipstick, a change of clothes for the gym.
Beyond were the headquarters of Chanel and Celine and a smattering of Dior boutiques, with the Sacre Coeur Basilica as a backdrop.
O.K., so I don’t know what made me start at the bottom of this puzzle (I have such a thing for Awkwafina, my brain must have made a beeline to her) — but if you get the clue to the explainer for the theme, at 121A, then the trick is self-explanatory.
Or what would happen, say, if a friend was delayed for our lunch date and absolutely had to get in touch to let me know that she’d be seven minutes late.
Now in my early 30s, I tend to regard my baldness as something of a joke, an unsightliness to be indulged.
Representing the Klan, Stearns traveled to Washington to plead for support for its local anti-liquor crusade.
Thus the book became in part about her father’s death, a death that allowed her to write the story of her life, of her parents’ love and of her own for them.
[Si quieres recibir los mejores reportajes de The New York Times en Español en tu correo, suscríbete aquí a El Times] SÍDNEY, Australia — Era una colonia de pingüinos jóvenes, y todas las parejas —excepto una— estaban formadas por padres bastante malos.
“It’s a terrible loss for the department,” Mr. Nigro said.
So Mr. Lopez is taking the Kafkaesque step of training for a second job as one of the part-time baggage handlers he oversees.
They are students at an unusual New York City public high school embedded inside a technology and manufacturing hub with more than 400 companies at the Brooklyn Navy Yard.
“I’m the kind of dealer who has a booth at all the art fairs,” Bijl told me.
I’ve heard about Michael buying the Neverland complex in Santa Barbara County, Calif., (mansion, amusement park, zoo!)
“I am concerned that it would give the wrong message to North Korea and the international community if we accept that the current situation deserves the Nobel Peace Prize.” On a morning news show on the mainstream network TV Asahi, Shiro Tazaki, a journalist, said that perhaps Mr. Abe wanted to remind Mr. Trump that Japan needs American protection from North Korea, and that with little leverage of its own, Tokyo needs Washington’s help to push more for the release of the Japanese abductees.
I said I was, I thanked her and we parted ways.
• As Beto O’Rourke Weighs 2020 Run, Democrats Chafe at His Go-It-Alone Style • For Democrats, South Carolina Already Looms Large for the 2020 Race • He’s made friends with autocrats around the world, but Mr. Trump has drawn a red line with Nicolás Maduro, insisting that the Venezuelan leader give up power — the first such intervention in an anti-interventionist presidency.
Among the strongest supporters is Representative Richard E. Neal of Massachusetts, the chairman of the full committee, who called a hearing for this coming week on ways to improve retirement security for American workers.
Johns may not be forthcoming with details of his personal life, but he is an expert self-mythologizer, and there is likely no romance between two visual artists in postwar America that occupies the same level of importance in the public’s imagination as Johns’s with Rauschenberg.
18-280, the challengers said the restrictions imposed by the New York City ordinance were unique in the nation and made no sense.
All the same, I’d rather have been able to get coverage without emigrating.
history — and the first by someone other than Barry Bonds or Sammy Sosa since 1975.
La reportera Maria Ressa, quien dirige un sitio de noticias que ha investigado las políticas del presidente Rodrigo Duterte y revelado los aspectos más violentos de su cruzada antidrogas, fue arrestada ayer por una acusación de libelo que ella calificó de infundada.
It was not the first such incident in Alsace, a region with an ancient Jewish community, but it was one that appeared to stun officials in the current context of growing hostility toward Jews.
At the Biden Institute at Mr. Biden’s alma mater, the focus is on domestic issues including strengthening the middle class, gay and civil rights, and violence against women.
It even consented to talks about amending the Spanish Constitution to expand autonomy for all of Spain’s regions.
It has said it is reviewing its compliance standards.
While Creevy’s music has stayed grounded in 1980s and 1990s alternative rock — bands like the Breeders, Siouxsie and the Banshees and the Cure — she has expanded her sounds and dynamics with each album.
More than 100 of Girault de Prangey’s precise daguerreotypes glisten here under pin lights, and his systematic photos of Islamic architecture, in particular, express how the new technology of photography could flit between art and science, and would soon become a tool of colonial rule.
They want the complex shut down, or at least altered to create what Ilya Belous, a noisy local critic, thinks should be “a museum of Yeltsin’s crimes.” (A Muslim cleric close to the Kremlin has suggested that it be simply blown up.)
The painter meticulously crafted her own image on a par with Cleopatra.
Ms. Vashukevich said she took the photos and audio during a brief affair with Mr. Deripaska, who is also a former business associate of Paul Manafort, President Trump’s onetime campaign chairman.
Last week, his opponents attacked one of his Nutella posts, made on a day when an earthquake in Sicily endangered lives.
It’s about an hour-and-a-half drive from Srinagar to Gulmarg, and Courtenay was quiet the entire way.
Castro salió de Honduras a mediados de octubre.
The best Season 2 episode, though, is Episode 10, “Bust Out,” with its step-by-step depiction of how Tony destroys the life and business of an old friend who owes him a debt.
The bitter weather is believed to be tied to at least eight deaths, and health officials warned residents to go outdoors only if necessary.
Por lo general te va bien cuando se trata de gestionar tu tiempo.
He began barraging her with texts, insisting that she prove her whereabouts, or leave social situations to have phone sex, and threatening suicide if she didn’t reply immediately.
Here’s what scientists know, and don’t know, about the link between screens, behavior, and development.
I should write, which is what I came here to do.
voters who handed the presidency to Trump in 2016 because they found Hillary Clinton even more unpalatable will vote for him again.
Yet while chiding extreme libertarianism, Selbourne veers dangerously close to Comstockery in his tsk-tsking of noise that “masquerades as music,” gender fluidity, sperm banks, bad grammar, video plagiarists and other presumed vices.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
In fact, he and Joel hadn’t really noticed that they were totally symmetrical!
“Además, si Europa no quiere quedarse atrás, lo primero que debe hacer es unificar sus reglas y regulaciones, para incentivar a los productores de drones europeos a fin de que se involucren no solo con su país, sino con todo el mercado europeo”.
Once again, the might of the American-led military coalition had come to his rescue.
“Nothing gets done cheaply in New York City.”
SYDNEY, Australia — Prime Minister Scott Morrison of Australia on Monday blamed a “sophisticated state actor” for the recent hacking of Parliament’s computer network, raising the specter of foreign interference in the country’s politics weeks before a national election.
Tensions have also simmered between Democratic leaders who want to proceed slowly and liberals who think they are wasting time.
_____ Many studies have concluded that friendships are vital to a person’s well-being, and this is especially true for older women.
“I think it will be more of a sexism problem that she’ll have to deal with, especially if she wins the primary,” said Jennifer Robertson, 21, a senior majoring in political science at Merrimack College in nearby North Andover.
Aunque el principal objetivo de la nueva política estadounidense sobre los solicitantes de asilo es disuadir a los migrantes centroamericanos de hacer el viaje a la frontera, esta también está afectando a las políticas mexicanas y la vida de los mexicanos en las ciudades fronterizas.
The city’s “Chipping Weekend” takes place this Saturday and Sunday, Jan. 12-13, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. See location list.
But how much will the new standard do to alleviate some of the most punishing aspects of the city’s affordability crisis?
In a first-person article for Vanity Fair in 2014, Mrs. Agnelli described the company her family kept as “a set of people who spent their days visiting one another’s exquisitely refined gardens and crumbling villas on the hills of Florence and getting into interminable philosophical disquisitions.” Marella’s world expanded with her education.
“It’s exactly what it was when I was a kid,” he said.
The decision was an abrupt turnabout by Amazon after a much-publicized search for a second headquarters, which had ended with its announcement in November that it would open two new sites — one in Queens, with more than 25,000 jobs, and another in Virginia.
These mash notes and spitballs rain down endlessly not just from traditional review sites like TripAdvisor and Yelp (171 million reviews at last count) and retailers like Amazon, but also from Facebook and Google, those all-purpose giants.
Anti-Semites tend to have the opposite set of views, for reasons that may be repugnant but are perfectly rational.
“This isn’t going to be just irritating — this will be literally dangerous,” said Mr. Skilling, the meteorologist.
Her case has since become a stain on Dubai’s globalized image.
Outside the Vatican walls, clusters of people who have suffered abuse in the Catholic Church hovered near news conferences, gave hours’ worth of interviews, observed vigils and planned a Saturday march.
“Please, don’t,” she said, her voice quivering.
La policía publicó una declaración en la que reconstruyó la divulgación del rumor.
We also have a memoir about the hard work of cleaning other people’s houses, a look at the AIDS crisis in India, a rigorous history of the Chernobyl nuclear meltdown, and the posthumous memoir of a young mother chronicling her fight against cancer.
The birds are also great to use in experiments, said Chris Clark, a biologist at the University of California, Riverside, who has collaborated with Dr. Rico-Guevara in studies of hummingbird flight.
Now Ms. Shea and Mr. Hayes use the bus three weekends a month to see each other.
“Whoever likes it first, gets it.
The intergenerational crowd got weepy as the band sang “Teach Your Children.” The show took place in The Kings Theater in Brooklyn, an old Loew’s movie palace that recently had reopened after nearly 40 years and a $95 million renovation.
“The moment now turns to Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer.
“The new cultural cleavage dividing Populists and Cosmopolitan Liberals,” Norris and Inglehart write, is “orthogonal to the classic economic class cleavage” — in other words, the new division cuts across and splits the old economic class solidarity.
Cory Booker is running for president.
“Five years ago, my practice was 100 percent fixed traditional braces.
Like my family, many of them have no reason to be “really confident” about their financial situation.
In Harlem’s Marcus Garvey Park, residents in a towering condominium across the street on Fifth Avenue have long complained about their view of “the mountain” — a rocky rise of New York schist about 70 feet high where people meet for sex or to use drugs.
Foreign state actors appear to be involved.
In fact, when Burnham was released from prison to serve on the Discovery again, Saru was visibly angry (as angry as he gets) that Burnham was allowed to serve again and openly said he didn’t trust her.
After that, Ms. Ballard began turning up on television in guest spots and on variety shows.
Should the Islanders reach the postseason, the first round of home games would be played at Nassau Coliseum, but subsequent rounds would be at Barclays Center because, according to a team statement, “Nassau Coliseum does not qualify as an N.H.L.
“Every six months, when you go to the range, you get trained,” he said, referring to the police firearms range.
It’s a reference to the Last Days.
He has to live, the rent must be paid, the wife and children must have clothing and food, fuel must be provided, and yet he has no job, no wages, and no prospect for getting any,” wrote the socialist leader Eugene Debs in a fiery 1904 pamphlet, “Unionism and Socialism,” which painted a dire picture of capitalist dependency.
So it’s notable, then, that as the S&P 500 rallied nearly 8 percent in January, the big technology stocks accounted for just 17 percent of the benchmark’s rise, according to data from Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst for S&P Dow Jones Indices.
Mr. Maduro and his predecessor, Hugo Chávez, presided over the free fall of what was once Latin America’s wealthiest nation.
“Seventy-four years after the end of World War II — a lifetime — things considered self-evident are again being called into question,” Ms. Merkel said.
“I don’t think the administration has thought through all of the consequences of taking action as quickly as it did in recognizing Guaidó,” she said.
“Just seeing the name or saying it is called ‘Book’ is a conversation starter,” said Ash Huzenlaub, the founder and C.E.O.
But officers did not evacuate any other businesses in the strip mall, which made Mr. Bompartito suspect that something unlawful was going on at the massage parlor.
“Tiene un acento marcado y es el acento de mi mamá”, añadió, antes de imitarla.
She graduated from Smith College and taught for a year in the Oklahoma City public schools before taking the law review job.
They weren’t looking for a diagnosis, the middle-aged woman explained.
director was not an act of obstruction.
The company’s executives suggested that bringing the Saudis the rest of Netflix — every other episode of “Patriot Act” or shows that explore issues of gender and sexuality, like “Big Mouth” and “Sex Education” and “Nanette” — was better than having the entire service go dark in that country.
I loved this piece on the reopening of the Mariposa Grove of giant sequoias in Yosemite National Park after a three-year restoration project.
At their best, journalists do that job well.
But he did appear in American films, including “The Boys From Brazil” (1978), the drama about Nazi war criminals starring Gregory Peck and Laurence Olivier; Jonathan Demme’s all-star 2004 remake of “The Manchurian Candidate”; and “The Reader” (2008), with Ralph Fiennes and Kate Winslet.
And the list of promising talents that marked NYFW: Men’s at its start has steadily dwindled over the last eight seasons.
Last season, he was defensive player of the year.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
By Bill Pennington and Benjamin Hoffman As Tom Brady led the New England Patriots down the field in the crucible of overtime, there was a familiar sense of inevitability, an atmosphere that was both tense and predictable.
There have been calls for the legislature to clarify whether the law, approved in 1978, applies to restaurants.
But on “Outlander,” Jamie is the hero, and he doesn’t tend to face a lot of pushback from characters he respects.
He’s said that he dropped out of school to sell drugs, and has spoken in interviews of a youth marked by violence and crime.
That morning, Jan. 10, Washington’s principal chaos agent, the president of the United States, had given a typically accusatory and free-associative news conference on the White House lawn, reiterating his demand for $5 billion in funding for a wall along the Mexican border and his intention to continue the shutdown without it.
But what I needed was a leader.
And that means we drop a lot of stuff.
On Thursday, the company said it was stepping up equipment inspections in areas that regulators have identified as having a high fire risk.
But the glory of the Mankiewicz movie is its immaculate artifice.
“Everyone needs to eat,” he said, “even when the economy slows down.”
“La analogía más cercana serían las ciudades fronterizas de México, las cuales dependen mucho del comercio transfronterizo”, comentó Rubio, quien recordó haber asistido a la boda de un amigo de la familia en la ciudad venezolana de Valencia cuando era más joven.
The country has experienced drought for so long that some children have hardly experienced rain.
Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.
“His sister was walking down the street, and you can see these two men have a conversation with her and apparently asked where her brother was,” said Ms. Bichotte, who had spoken to one of Samuel’s sisters and watched the video.
Ms. Tosi making the cakes with no side frosting that have become so popular the model and cookbook author Chrissy Teigen documented her attempt to make one for her 33 million followers on Twitter and Instagram.
There is no reliable data on the number of frozen embryos in the United States, but experts estimate the total between 600,000 and one million.
“But I think we’re at our best when we’re having fun.” Fun may not be the primary objective for James, and the psychic effects of the loss are sure to linger until at least Feb. 21, when their season will resume after the All-Star break with a home game against the Houston Rockets.
For Robert Walker, a retired truck driver in the Bronx, an urbane appearance was less important than pain relief once he began having an issue with his teeth.
I’m a nationalist.” This is how dangerous words achieve banality.
It gave English National Ballet a new allure, and brought Mr. Khan’s work to the attention of ballet directors: “The phone hasn’t stopped ringing from ballet companies,” he said.
During the day, there will be baked goods like squash toast, and sandwiches like a rotisserie vegetable gyro in a pita.
“We would be outside running around in the winter, and we’d go into Laundromats and throw our coats in the dryer to warm them up, then go play again,” he said.
Song Wenmiao and Zhang Dingyue, the academy’s 14-year-old newcomers from Beijing, are hardly the only students who are deeply attuned to this.
We learned to be ashamed of our parents.
IN 1998, WHEN my sons were still too young to read by themselves, my partner and I gave them a picture book called “Lucy Goes to the Country.” It’s about a cat who lives with two gay men; you can tell by the tchotchkes.
So I grabbed my laptop and typed out a very brief account of what had actually transpired in the meeting.
Several of the men Mr. McArthur killed were of Middle Eastern descent.
“Millman wanted it more,” Evenden said.
You are the only tiny little thing out there in this endless sea of light.
The cluing was tough and clever, to boot.
But the most consequential leaks — many of them more like floods — are those that wield political power.
What kinds of things do you do on your phone?
No obstante, aunque intentó demostrar que su predecesor, Benedicto XVI, tomó medidas estrictas en torno al tema del abuso sexual en contra de monjas, recordó un caso aparte, en el cual estaban involucradas mujeres de una orden religiosa que había sido manchada con corrupción sexual y económica.
The play, which ranges from 1933 to 2003, weaving in and out of the life of an African-American actress, isn’t especially tidy, but it’s brainy, fizzy and ultimately wrenching in its consideration of stereotype and erasure.
I think education reform has accomplished a lot.
Whiteman moved east, in 1920, and drew national attention when he signed a contract with the Victor Talking Machine Company.
She taught her five children to keep their heads up and their mouths shut.
We need freedom.” Despite threats of detention, college students have led rallies against the junta.
Just before the dangerously cold temperatures set in across the Midwest this week, Michael Belz was occupied with thoughts of his son Gerald, an 18-year-old in his first year at the University of Iowa.
The decision came after Prime Minister Scott Morrison of Australia expressed disappointment in an early release, given that many of the victims of the biggest bombing in Indonesia, of a Bali nightclub in 2002, were Australians.
O.K., so the game itself may have been a slog to watch, and the halftime show was forgettable.
But while the staying power of “Aquaman” at the top spot points to the film’s continued success, it also points to the fact that there simply isn’t much competition during Hollywood’s post-holiday exhale.
“She stood her ground in the initial test,” said former Representative Tom Davis, a Republican who ran the party’s campaign committee.
Going forward, we’re committing ourselves to work toward a goal of parity on a weekly basis.
Given what he called the “puny” size of those settlements, Mr. Specter argued in court filings that lawyers should take less in so-called common benefit fees — up to 5 percent of the $8 billion that will be shared among the firms that did the most work on the federal litigation.
He was forced to reckon with the reality that these demolitions, settlements and acts of violent dispossession were not rogue moves, but fully supported and enabled by the Israeli military.
China: American automakers, including Ford, General Motors and Fiat, that set up vast production facilities across China to capitalize on local demand and cheaper labor are the latest companies to feel the pinch of its slowing economy and Beijing’s trade stand-off with Washington.
Watergate showed how a president’s standing can cave in.
The crackdown has progressively widened to include an entire class of political opponents, as the government has purged tens of thousands from the judiciary and academia, as well as the police and military.
“Yo quería retratarlos activos y solidarios, para combatir la típica iconografía en que los inmigrantes aparecen pasivos, sobre todo esperando, pero al parecer eso no es lo que comunica mi fotografía”, me explica Surinyach, que también es la editora gráfica de la revista 5W.
“Si hubiera seguido como estaba en Detroit, probablemente estaría muerta”.
He thought a day of this would heal us!” — CONAN O’BRIEN Trevor Noah joked about a moment when Cohen said Trump had directed him “to threaten his high school, his colleges and the College Board to never release his grades or SAT scores.” Noah said, sure, maybe it was a sign that Trump got bad marks.
(Era una época en la que las tiendas departamentales aún eran lugares de reunión, ágoras vibrantes donde había más que solo compras).
In recent years, however, the government has warmed to her music, and the state-run media has celebrated her mainland roots.
The details: Mr. Manafort’s lawyers apparently made the disclosure by accident while responding to charges that he had lied to prosecutors working for the special counsel.
After moving to the Bronx from Florida three years ago, Mr. Smith was living in a nursing home while awaiting permanent housing set aside for disabled people.
There were also subsequent waves of megalith construction, she said.
Traditionally Scottish but beloved by the English, tartan is always in season, and it made notable appearances in the recent resort collections by Gucci, Erdem and Fendi.
Made in 2018, these paintings are based on a 1965 photograph taken in Vietnam by the Life magazine photographer Larry Burrows (1926-1971).
They sit about a block from each other on Rathdowne Street, not far from Carlton’s touristy main drag, Lygon Street, the center of Melbourne’s Little Italy.
I’d read past the point where Anna had walked away from everything — her stiff husband, her position in society, even her beloved young son — to move in with her lover, Count Vronsky.
Elon Musk: The Securities and Exchange Commission has asked a federal court to hold the Tesla chief executive in contempt of court for posting an updated production outlook on Twitter without first seeking legal approval, in violation of his settlement with the commission last year.
Historically, undocumented single men have represented the bulk of those arrested and subsequently removed from the county.
She could also call a second referendum, an option favored by lawmakers who hope that British voters have changed their minds.
Nationwide, median rents have surpassed $1,000 since 2006.
When two answers share a number, they also share a clue.” In some formats, like Across Lite, it’s not possible to skip a clue, so the Down clues are listed, but all you will see is a dash.
“Por eso era doblemente importante que la película se viera nueva, para que los espectadores sintieran que están ante el Hombre Araña por primera vez”, dijo Ramsey.
The therapist framing device, which was in Lerner’s first draft but abandoned before Boston, turned up again in the librettist’s later rewrites.
“Guys have really embraced this deconstructed concept," said Steven Ramenofsky, the general merchandise manager of Garys, a specialty men’s wear retailer in Newport Beach, Calif. “Sure, other labels make soft jackets,” Mr. Ramenofsky said, citing better-known brands like Canali or Boglioli or Peter Millar, all of which cost considerably more than the Mantua-made jackets with the signature ceramic button on the lapel.
The show is flashier now, and more determined to offer end-to-end pop-star power.
This was the kind of atelier that could easily have been moved to the suburbs, to some far-flung satellite location, and yet here it was in the middle of Paris, occupying a large slice of wildly expensive real estate in the six-story building it shared with the executives’ offices and, downstairs, the boutique itself.
Two people died in Kohler, Wis., on Friday night after a car they were riding in slid off a slick, snow-covered interstate and struck a tree, the local police said.
For the time being, Mr. Berlanti is a believer.
Those are the numbers for “Hoodie SZN” (Highbridge/Atlantic), by the New York rapper A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie, the latest and most extreme example of the disparity that now exists in the music industry between the still-rapid growth of streaming and the cratering business of old-fashioned album sales.
I’ve been in the working world for more than 40 years, in tax regimes where my marginal rate on earned income was as high as 50 percent and as low as 28 percent (which puts the current 37 percent somewhere near the middle).
The novel’s tone often devolves to the level of the bodice ripper (“It pleases her, how irresistible she is to him”) or the mall (“Lee wants to roll her eyes but restrains herself”; reader, I did not restrain myself).
Especially in “Split,” some of the scenes are quite gruesome.
That documentary is where Dorian Corey explained what it means to “throw shade,” and “read” another person.
Decades after the crisis of clerical sexual abuse of minors first exploded into public view, victims of sexual abuse have arrived in Rome for a landmark meeting Pope Francis is holding with representatives of the world’s bishops’ conferences.
No, I don’t recall having made him laugh in any film.
The programs comprise new, revived and repurposed works by Dwight Rhoden, who founded and directs the troupe with the dancer Desmond Richardson.
Karin Huster, a clinical instructor in the department of global health at the University of Washington, is a field coordinator with Doctors Without Borders.
I haven’t made chocolate shortbread for Valentine’s Day since, opting instead for flashier sweets — ganache-gilded, pomegranate-studded, mousse-y delights that worked hard to impress.
The bill would require doctors to use all means available to save the life of a child born alive after an attempted abortion.
On return visits to Canter’s for sandwiches and matzo-ball soup — and simply to be in its bustling dining room, among its regulars — I found it particularly fulfilling to check in on the pastry case, crammed with sweets.
I didn’t have a Plan B.” Jett’s trailblazing rise and storied career is detailed in this feature-length documentary, which cuts between interviews with Jett, interviews with fellow rockers like Debbie Harry and Iggy Pop, and archival footage.
His sister-in-law, Michelle Quinn, said Detective Simonsen had a deep love not just for his wife, but for her entire family in Chicago, which includes several police officers.
A person familiar with the president’s thinking who spoke on the condition of anonymity described Mr. Trump as both a “workaholic” and a “homebody.” The president, that person said, has been sensitive to the criticism that he is vacationing when he visits his assorted properties on the weekends, when in fact that has been his preferred mode of weekending for decades.
Steyer, Gates and Buffett are going to get soaked for their political passions.
• El mago de las estadísticas deportivas que trabaja desde una iglesia.
This is also true for priests, according to a famous study by John Jay College of Criminal Justice in the wake of revelations in 2002 about child sex abuse in the church.
Pakistan said Wednesday that it downed two Indian fighter jets and captured a pilot, escalating hostilities between the nuclear-armed neighbors a day after Indian warplanes struck inside Pakistani territory for the first time in five decades.
Mr. Bullock served a one-year term as chairman of the governors association in 2015 and he sent Mr. O’Brien to Washington to be his representative at the organization.
A unos 15 metros de la playa, los científicos vieron al animal —de alrededor de 8 metros de largo— entre densos arbustos y matorrales; había muerto desde hacía varios días, según informaron funcionarios del gobierno de Pará, estado al norte de Brasil, a medios locales.
There are a few other comparisons, from Ukraine to Kazakhstan to South Africa to Libya, that will also hang over the meetings.
The complaint against the publisher was filed on behalf of a legally blind man from Queens named Donald Nixon, who also sued at least 54 other businesses.
It’s vital to democracy and has performed admirably in the age of Trump.
Mr. Trump indicated on Saturday that he had not known of the existence of the counterintelligence investigation before the Times article, and he did not dispute the newspaper’s reporting.
You need to find HARD, irrefutable evidence.
“Perhaps someone gives us a ride,” he said.
It’s hard to get the proportions right.
Rejecting all commercial considerations, Rogers held theme weeks on divorce, poverty and death, and offered gentle guidance for his most vulnerable viewers.
Mr. Caputo-Pearl said on Tuesday that the last week had showed an “absolute groundswell” of support for Los Angeles’s public schools.
At 82, the artist Frank Stella has done it all and isn’t terribly concerned what anyone thinks.
“I knew it was what I was made to do,” Mr. Delaney said.
The company declined to comment.
Ariana Grande once apologized for licking a doughnut (“I will strive to be better”).
En 1870, Beach Pneumatic Transit, llamada así por su desarrollador, empezó a transportar una cápsula con un pasajero que se movía con energía neumática debajo de Broadway en Manhattan, desde la calle Warren hasta la calle Murray.
“The fact that President Poroshenko came here means that he wants to be with us on this important day, and that he values the support of the U.S. in this moment,” said Veronika Plisak, who came to America in 1990s and attended his New Jersey appearance.
“I’ve actually always gotten along with her, but now I don’t think I will anymore,” Mr. Trump said.
It was a momentous change, and a recognition that while the city is important to the ivory trade, the ivory trade is no longer very important to the city or its residents.
But there is also Sheng Qi’s “Memories (Me), 2000” whose origins lie in China’s 1989 Tiananmen Square protests.
| Sign up for the Science Times newsletter.]
Mr. Smith has denied any wrongdoing.
And if we worry that they’ll hoover up welfare benefits, we can impose residency requirements for them.
He held the county clerk’s post, in principle a lifetime appointment, from 1969 until his retirement on Dec. 31, 2014, the day after his 91st birthday.
Meeting the people behind the bylines made the possibility come to life.
In the inland metropolis of Chongqing, where Ford builds cars like the compact Focus, three big assembly plants have been running at less than one-fifth of capacity.
this season finally appeared to have accomplished its goal of “getting back to football” after several years of off-field turmoil that ranged from player misconduct to weekly protests during the national anthem.
We’d love your feedback on this newsletter.
— Ash Kline My tiny love story begins with a tiny boy.
Last year, the Earth’s average surface temperature was the fourth highest on record, and part of an unmistakable warming trend.
Some of that promotion was just marketing.
718-886-3800, queensbotanical.org Fighting for Freedom Tours at the Fraunces Tavern Museum (Feb. 16-17 and 23, 1-2:30 p.m.).
The regular rooms — Eaton calls them cabins or studies — are quite small at only 280 to 380 square feet.
Is there anything you think we’re missing?
I asked if she wanted some.
And it’s why, after Prince Mohammed said he would end a 35-year ban on movie theaters in the kingdom, entertainment moguls including Ari Emanuel, Robert A. Iger, and Mr. Murdoch feted him last spring at intimate dinners around Los Angeles, despite news of repression in the kingdom and civilian deaths in Yemen.
Su familia y yo no estábamos seguros de si siquiera sabía quiénes éramos hasta que apuntó hacia mí desde su silla de ruedas y le dijo a un asistente médico, con voz rasposa: “Esposa”.
The combination has been particularly powerful in Poland, where a right-wing populist government is undermining democratic checks on its power, including press freedom.
“I think it would be difficult to come with purely Chinese ingredients and disregard the British perspective,” Mr. Judd said.
The bride’s mother retired as a literacy instructor at Public School 316 in Brooklyn.
Pero sí, se ha hecho esa comparación.
The animals are equipped with radio collars that transmit their location five or six times a month, so the team knows where each sloth’s usual territory is.
The comedian Adam Conover has made a name for himself by upturning cultural norms and assumptions.
Its central female characters — a young student and an older woman who awaits the death of her husband — are intriguing and vividly drawn.
No son películas malas, pero su perspectiva es principalmente anglosajona.
She brought her entire LT-LA staff to Netflix, where the awards department now has roughly 20 people.
The rupture in the uneasy peace between the commonwealth’s top two Democrats is all the more striking because of the unity the party has enjoyed over the last decade.
Also in December, the Federal District Court in Atlanta rejected an effort by Jun Ying, the former chief information officer at Equifax, to dismiss insider trading charges.
The Times’s Vivian Wang and Jesse McKinley report: It took 12 years, millions of dollars and a sea change in the State Senate, but on Tuesday — the 46th anniversary of Roe v. Wade —the State Legislature passed the Reproductive Health Act, the first update to New York’s abortion laws since 1970.
Ms. Tosi intends to turn the space into the biggest Milk Bar to date, serving her signature compost cookies and birthday cake truffles.
His only indirect request when he read my finished manuscript was that I include the short poem on his great-grandmother’s grave.
There, doctors found that he was lightheaded and feeling ill.
Color measurements confirm that Ultima Thule is reddish like many objects in the outer solar system.
HABERMAN: But I have also had stories that were accurate called inaccurate by this White House and I don’t know — what are we supposed to do when this happens?
Or should we try to rebuild?
Our guide to cultural events in New York City for children and teenagers happening this weekend and in the week ahead.
After leaving the Pentagon in 1981, Mr. Brown taught at the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University for several years, and from 1984 to 1992 he was chairman of the school’s foreign policy institute.
One of them was young, so he needed to be breast-fed quite a bit, always at surprising times.
Last month, they told us they were canceling their subscription because they wanted their kids to play outside more.
On our wedding day we sandwiched our visit to City Hall between a PET scan and a consult with a liver surgeon.
Although Mr. Barr agreed to meet with Mr. Trump — and told him, he said, that Mr. Mueller was both a personal friend and “a straight shooter who should be dealt with as such” — he declined to join his legal team.
The next six years were spent in New York working as a freelance assistant to fashion and commercial photographers until she shot her first wedding for her twin sister, Jackie, in 1996.
The churn has produced a bit of a vicious circle.
This was an important concession to creditors, many of whom believe their losses mount every day that the company keeps its doors open.
Is there any doubt in your mind that President Trump knew exactly what he was paying for?
Listening to the music from the next room, the poet Robert Hunter wrote down its first verse: “Dark star crashes, pouring its light into ashes.
In late 2017, Community Health Advocates intervened with money from a Neediest grant to pay for the dentures.
Context: The meeting comes as more instances of sexual abuse emerge, including the long-overshadowed abuse of nuns by priests.
After graduating from George Washington High School, she earned a bachelor of science degree from Queens College, where she majored in chemistry.
In 2017, the marches that took place in Washington and nationwide — the largest protests in American history — were radiant symbols of hope and resistance at a bleak, terrifying historical juncture.
“The actions of Mr. Sidhu while operating the semi-tractor unit caused the collision.” Mr. Doerksen was among the dead from the crash, which left both vehicles well off the road and showered the intersection with peat moss and debris.
The cause was complications of a degenerative neurological disease, Joe Gibbs Racing announced.
(If there’s a lesson to take from the top two movies, it’s that audiences gravitate toward the not-quite-human.)
Why, he wonders, did he not try to care for them when he had the chance?
For more ideas, look at what The Times has written about bull riding.
But on Friday, questions emerged in Russia about press reports that said investigators had found classified information in Mr. Whelan’s possession.
But the battalion — Europe’s first made up of soldiers from two countries — is an important baby step toward deeper European military cooperation.
[Read: Cowboys Hitch Playoff Wagon to Dak Prescott’s Shoulders] The win was the first for Elliott and Prescott after losing a divisional game to Green Bay as rookie stars two years ago.
How to Maintain Friendships Keeping cherished friendships afloat doesn’t need to be a huge time commitment.
On the ground, the hot topic was tech.
“I like to do things I believe could be great.
Robots should always be treated as second class beings next to humans so they don’t take advantage of us.
It was the first purchase I’d made for my college-bound self the summer after my mother’s suicide.
That data allows them to deduce how the magnetic field has changed over the past several years and to extrapolate into the future with a model that will — hopefully — remain accurate for the next five years.
In Ovid’s telling of Narcissus, he is a preternaturally handsome young man who is predicted to live a long life so long as he never catches sight of himself.
Google informed its staff in an email on Thursday that the new policy would take effect globally on March 21 for current and future employees.
This is not about Parkland only.
Feeling safe on the streets should not be a privilege.
Whenever Rita and I wanted to see a show, Theresa let us in free.
When you call something obscene just because it has to do with a vagina, technology as an industry starts to lose out.” Liz Klinger, the chief executive of Lioness, which makes a smart vibrator for women that collects data about sexual arousal, was similarly appalled.
During the 2013 shutdown, which lasted 16 days, Ms. Quintanilla borrowed about $1,500 to cover her bills, she said.
Just as new rules for interaction were forged out of the Cuban missile crisis, so too could a renewed sense of threat help entente, which has not worked out as swimmingly as the Kremlin envisaged under President Trump.
“There is no amount of anticipated revenue that could possibly justify Roku’s calculated decision.” Mark Bankston, the lawyer representing the Sandy Hook families suing Mr. Jones in Texas, called Roku “indifferent to the suffering caused by Mr. Jones’s continued onslaught of cruelty and reckless lies.” Before its decision to join other social media platforms and ban Infowars, Roku made clear it was not promoting or being paid to distribute Mr. Jones’s channel.
The local congresswoman, Nydia Velázquez, arrived.
President Nicolás Maduro backed down from demanding that all American diplomats leave the country this past weekend, even as the U.S. and other countries continued to press for new elections.
“We must be clear,” Paul D. Ryan, then the speaker of the House, wrote on Twitter at the time.
It is a strikingly different scenario than during the 2008 Democratic primary, when White House hopefuls wrestled with whether undocumented immigrants should be allowed to obtain driver’s licenses.
Feb. 10 Takhar Province: four police officers killed The Taliban attacked two security outposts in the center of Khwaja Ghar District, where fighting continued for an hour.
First up is Kevin Hassett, chairman of Trump’s Council of Economic Advisers, who was asked about the plight of federal workers who aren’t being paid.
For example, children should decide if they want to share their sexual orientation or gender identity with their hosts.
Ferver is joined here by accomplished colleagues Lloyd Knight (Martha Graham Dance Company), Garen Scribner (Broadway’s “An American in Paris”), James Whiteside (American Ballet Theater) and dancer and costume designer Reid Bartelme.
They were taken to a prison run by Anwar R., a high-ranking Syrian intelligence officer who directed “the use of systematic and brutal torture” on inmates.
“I am perplexed, excited and angry, all at the same time,” said James Dier, who planned to remain in the Williamsburg apartment he has lived in since 2012.
The rumors have it that was Martin Luther King Jr.’s favorite sweet.
Some officials believe continued funding for the Afghan military is more important than an enduring international troop presence for the survival of Afghanistan’s government.
They have suggested that some drinking would be allowed in designated zones, and that the country’s courts would deal more gently with visiting fans who consume more alcohol than usual.
“I’m feeling like it’s the start of an adventure.
And yet, as artificial as the construction may be (and as insidious as all the embedded Netflix branding is), I can’t help but admire, just a little bit, this spin on interactive gaming/movie-watching.
The British designer, who is the creative director of Givenchy, called Mr. Lagerfeld an “inspirational force” to other creative directors in the fashion industry.
También anunció el rompimiento de las relaciones diplomáticas con Washington y firmó la orden de expulsión del personal diplomático estadounidense en el balcón del Palacio de Miraflores, sede del gobierno de Venezuela.
But does he still have hope for his country?
routinely intercepted and stored, much as the agency has long done for other top foreign officials, including close allies of the United States.
According to a transcript of a hearing in Washington, the prosecutor, Andrew Weissmann, discussed contacts between President Trump’s former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, and a Russian associate.
He said he had disabled a gene in the embryos that allows people to become infected with H.I.V., something medically unnecessary because simpler and safer ways exist for preventing H.I.V.
Generations ago, tribes negotiated treaties with the United States government guaranteeing funds for services like health care and education in exchange for huge swaths of territory.
Puzzle editors only have time to give limited feedback when responding to submissions, so isn’t it better to have your very own pro to ask questions and work with?
Immerwahr knows that the material he presents is serious, laden with exploitation and violence, but he also knows how to tell a story, highlighting the often absurd space that opened up between expansionist ambitions and ingenuous self-regard.
Because of the threat of violence, the United States Embassy urged Americans to leave the country.
It’s worth voting on the facts, not some post-truth phantasmagoria, of a British exit.
And I suspect if I stop being frightened, that would be a bad thing, too.” Later, though, she wished to retract that sentiment.
His brash stunts — which included dying his hair rainbow colors and wearing clothing emblazoned with obscenities — made him a near-instant superstar on Instagram and other platforms.
He told reporters that Mr. Cohen has “only been threatened by the truth.” _____ 4.
We appreciate your reading Times stories, but we’d also encourage you to support local news if you can.)
He objected to American eagerness to go to war in Iraq in 2003.
Don José has been one of the tenor Roberto Alagna’s best Met roles, and he sounded youthfully inflamed on Wednesday, stronger than when he opened the company’s season with a painfully unsteady performance of “Samson et Dalila” in September.
Vigilantes bombarded her home with bricks.
Havre, una remota ciudad agrícola de unos nueve mil habitantes, es el hogar de una oficina regional de la CBP con 183 agentes que tienen jurisdicción a lo largo de más de 720 kilómetros de frontera canadiense.
Many adopted the Vanguard style of investing — low investment costs and simple index funds.
Shoshana Zuboff would undoubtedly get the joke, but she probably wouldn’t laugh.
When it was pointed out that this sounded like old-fashioned sectarianism, the ministry issued a second notice saying it was starting an inquiry into why the first one had been issued.
For no plausible reason whatsoever, Riley’s bestie, Cairo (Wonu Ogunfowora), argues against calling the police, and the team’s newest member, Mattie (the very funny Cathy Ang, last seen in “KPOP”), is subsequently scapegoated straight into an orange jumpsuit.
“And that is why we are all here tonight!
The combination of the shooting in Thousand Oaks and the wildfires was a good example of having to be really nimble.
He didn’t have to acquiesce to the emergency declaration — he could have asserted the Senate’s independence at a critical time by passing the spending bill without validating Mr. Trump’s emergency declaration.
Turning from his longtime collaborator Loewe to the younger, hipper composer John Barry — the man who gave us the James Bond theme — Lerner adapted Vladimir Nabokov’s classic novel “Lolita” into a musical.
Its second, “Modest Heroes,” was released in the United States on Thursday, Jan. 10.
Maybe retirement is everything those who are not yet retired dream of — even if, in his case, there should be quotation marks around “retired.” “The first three or four years, every day was like a snow day,” he said.
The Venezuelan government will stage its own countershow across the border.
Emissions from cars and other vehicles account for an even greater total percentage.
Wirecutter recommends the Cuisinart CPK-17 PerfecTemp Cordless Electric Kettle because it is fast, accurate and easy to use (and its 1.7 liter capacity makes preparing drinks for a crowd a breeze).
I’m not against obscene wealth, by any means, except for one question: How can I make obscene wealth part of my own future?
The exhibition is a potent reminder that Ms. Maier’s capacity to cultivate mystery extended far beyond herself.
“Despite his impulsive exterior, he’s a man of routine, and that’s what Mar-a-Lago is all about.” Both Mr. Trump and White House officials have said that he will remain in Washington for as long as the shutdown persists, though allies expect him to give in and make an appearance in Palm Beach over the long Martin Luther King Jr. Day weekend.
Mr. Trump plans to divert $3.6 billion to the wall from military construction projects, White House officials said.
The most impressive one I saw was in the Rijksmuseum: a gleaming tortoiseshell cabinet commissioned near the end of the 17th century by Petronella Oortman, a Dutch merchant’s wife.
The groom is the Arizona medical director of PopHealthCare in Tempe, Ariz., an in-home care provider based in Nashville for medically complex patients.
“We want them to come to our homes and into our schools.
“We chose to go over there,” he said, “to sing a song to hopefully change something.”
In Spain alone, 90 percent of new jobs in 2017 were temporary; a third lasted less than a week, according to Caritas, a social support organization.
But insurers may give employees a break on premiums, or offer better coverage, because their marketing costs are lower.
Rather than produce a news story, The Times’s Photo department sent Amber Bracken, a photojournalist from Edmonton, Alberta, to the disputed area twice, before and during the arrests, to produce a mainly visual report.
“He definitely feeds off of that.
No arrangements, she said, would be made for his funeral until his children could be consulted.
The court’s decision will open the door to new legal arguments when the value of the property seized was out of proportion to the crimes involved.
And with the dogs, they go up and down a lot, “so waiting 10 minutes for an elevator seems a super long time when you have somewhere to be,” Rocky said.
Now, challenged by the home-sharing economy — Airbnb alone reported over $1 billion in revenue in the third quarter of 2018, its highest to date — new hotels are toying with everything from pricing to privacy.
Mr. Sununu is one of a handful of Republican governors in a part of the country where Democrats mostly control state capitals, but he is also part of a bipartisan group that sees New Hampshire’s uniquely ruinous opioid crisis as a cautionary tale.
La contratación de Taback generó estruendo en Hollywood: Netflix ahora cuenta con ella de tiempo completo para su operación enfocada en los premios y los competidores de la empresa, que llegaron a contratar a Taback como consultora en el pasado, ya no pueden recurrir a una de las mejores estrategas.
A bartender at the restaurant shot the video that made waves on Facebook.
Yet he is, undeniably, a marvel.
Often there seems to be more breath than voice in these wordless poems, though other times Ms. Chaker draws full-bellied sounds, or sketches out silvery arpeggios while the bass or cello take center stage.
The Observatory said a suicide bomber in a vehicle had attacked the convoy, killing at least five Kurdish fighters from the Syrian Democratic Forces, the group that has served as the United States’ military’s main partner on the ground in battling the Islamic State.
Another judge issued an order exempting his own cases from the first judge’s order.
And he wouldn’t get within 10 feet of me,” she said.
He faces life in prison.
What is your solution to ensure that people have access to quality health care at an affordable price?
“We did the best we could in a highly imperfect situation.” Mr. Baldick has been one of Mr. de Blasio’s top political advisers, and had recommended Mr. O’Brien to the mayor.
Lahmacun is a portmanteau of the Arabic words for meat and dough: a kerchief-thin flatbread covered nearly to the brim with minced lamb and broken-down tomatoes.
Will this contrast be rendered most vividly by nominating a candidate whose platform differs from the president’s policies the most; one who can speak most articulately about changing course; or one who — through age, gender or race — represents the starkest departure from the president?
Stone Jr.’s criminal case on Tuesday ordered a hearing to consider revoking his bail after he posted a photo on Instagram of the judge with what appeared to be the cross hairs of a gun near her head.
After considering her inspirations, which include Jewish texts and Pablo Neruda’s verse, children will express their own tales and ideas in cut-paper art.
Commentators pondered the effect on the president’s base, women and other demographic groups.
— Emma Coleman, Hoggard High School, Wilmington, NC The only struggle with apologizing face to face is sometimes it can be very nerve racking, and for some people who are not very social it can seem almost impossible to do.
The potential tremors from an economic slowdown in China became more palpable this week as Apple slashed its financial forecast, citing disappointing iPhone sales there.
Saturday and Sunday I’m with capital.
The trio SWV, responsible for chart toppers such as “Weak” and “Right Here,” will also perform.
Cuando Arce relató lo acontecido en sus redes sociales el año pasado, un amigo periodista la persuadió de eliminarlo al advertirle que los tabloides podían dañarla.
To the Editor: Has President Trump ever heard of the Berlin Wall?
Noemí Castillo Tejero, the archaeologist who led the project, was not available for an interview, but the institute said that the excavation at the complex, called Ndachjian-Tehuacan, had also uncovered two altars nearby, in a layout that appeared to match Aztec accounts of rituals associated with the cult of Xipe Tótec.
When Senator Birch Bayh, an Indiana Democrat, remarked that he had found the professor’s testimony on Judge Carswell “particularly revealing,” since they had differed over the Haynsworth nomination, Senator Strom Thurmond, Republican of South Carolina, interjected that perhaps Mr. Bayh hadn’t listened to the earlier testimony.
Mr. DeLoatch, posting on Facebook, raged against Mr. Mendez.
“This may be through eating locally grown foods or purchasing locally produced handicrafts.
“This sign here is the replacement sign for the one that disappeared.
Mr. Steyer ticks every liberal box.
“I don’t work at all, but I’m making more money than most people who do work, and I’m paying less taxes than they do,” he said.
As an organization, and as an industry, we are forever changed.”
By the numbers: A limit of 120 kilometers an hour, or 75 miles per hour, would significantly reduce carbon emissions, environmental experts say, and at no cost.
Studies have shown the drug to be extremely effective at blocking the virus, and health insurers almost always cover the cost.
The show was capitalized for up to $15 million, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission; it has not recouped its capitalization costs.
Only solid chocolate Kisses were affected, not the filled kisses, which are made with a different production process, Mr. Beckman said in December.
They found Mr. Xaver hiding in an office in the back of the bank, the affidavit said.
In Athens on Wednesday, President Prokopis Pavlopoulos of Greece awarded citizenship to the three men, Gani Xheka, 35, from Albania; and Emad el-Khaimi, 50, and Mahmoud Ibrahim Musa, 46, from Egypt.
history that the leaguewide average per game (31.4) will finish in the 30s.
To claim that Israel is committing genocide in Gaza, when manifestly it is not, is anti-Semitic because it’s an attempt to Nazify the Jewish state.
Andrew Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio had promoted the deal, which Amazon said would create 25,000 jobs.
Mr. Moore, 26, who had been living much of the time with his mother and siblings in Texas, flew to Los Angeles on July 27, 2017, and went straight to Mr. Buck’s apartment, according to the lawsuit.
But black voters are a core constituency of the Democratic Party, and they will be decisive in key primaries like South Carolina’s.
a compact, well-stocked new source for beer-buying and drinking — have a natural feel for the business.
For the kids, for the young writer that’s watching this: fight.” It’s true the ceremony — which ran for three hours and six minutes, just five minutes shorter than “Gandhi” — was substantially less gripping than the work it celebrated.
If the years since the show’s finale in 2007 have taught me anything, it’s that a certain set of fans will analyze that snippet like it were the love child of the Warren Report and the Steele Dossier.
When she took a walk and heard King on the circus grounds, she had her epiphany.
The narrator, 12-year-old Marwand, is returning from America with his brothers and parents to his family’s compound in Logar province in eastern Afghanistan, where over the course of 99 days he reconnects with a house full of saucy and callused aunts and uncles, crashes a wedding in a stolen burqa, has his finger bitten off and his Coolpix stolen, and gets lost in a deathly maze of compounds that may or may not be a hallucination.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
Bills that lawmakers may tackle relate to vacancy decontrol, which lets landlords deregulate certain apartments when they become empty; preferential rent rates, which can disguise illegally inflated rent; and the use of major capital improvements to allow landlords to raise rents after big renovations.
And right out of the gates, Donald Trump insults John McCain.
♦ You could choke on the bone-dry atmosphere of SCRUBLANDS (Atria, $26.99), Chris Hammer’s gritty debut novel about a sex scandal that has left a small Australian desert town reeling.
“We’ve had a lot of change in the game.
But California, which will receive $800 million from that pool, is requiring 35 percent of the funds to be spent on low-income and disadvantaged communities.
The awards described her Special Operations work and also said she had been the noncommissioned officer in charge at the N.S.A.’s operations directorate for four years.
Porzingis, Tim Hardaway Jr., Courtney Lee and Trey Burke have all been shipped to Dallas in exchange for the promising guard Dennis Smith Jr., who was a first-round draft pick in 2017, two future first-round picks and the expiring contracts of the veterans DeAndre Jordan and Wesley Matthews.
[Si quieres recibir las noticias y reportajes de The New York Times en Español en tu correo, suscríbete aquí a El Times] LONDRES — En un aparente intento por reforzar su idea de un muro a lo largo de la frontera con México, el presidente estadounidense, Donald Trump, señaló el 16 de enero ejemplos de los muros que se están levantando en todo el mundo, especialmente las barreras construidas en Europa, como prueba de que funcionan.
It is such a cultural moment.
Incluso los perros llegan a bostezar cuando ven hacerlo a sus dueños humanos o a desconocidos, y el bostezo contagioso también se ha observado en otros animales.
Ms. Robinette recoils at the gaudy, country-pop version of the overly feminized cowgirl, and calls her program a “rhinestone-free zone.” “Our current generation of land managers is aging out of that role,” she said.
Después de leer detenidamente algunos de los libros de cocina más emocionantes que se han publicado en los últimos años en busca de formas más sencillas de utilizar mis especias, descubrí muchas opciones extrañamente saludables que resultaron ser deliciosas.
Winning a game is meaningless outside the context of that game, but within the game it drives players to find unique and fascinating ways to overcome and subvert the rules in the name of victory.
Certain images underscore an unbridgeable gap and a never-to-be-toppled hierarchy.
“You put on your red scarf, I put on my blue scarf, and that means we will always be mortal enemies.
I totally believe that in the future everything will depend on the technology with less work and things to do by us and for me it’s not a good idea.
As much as we might like her, Nadia is deeply flawed, so there are no beelines to betterment, no bromides to dull the show’s stinging humor.” ‘The Key to “Russian Doll” Might Be Tompkins Square Park’ [The New York Times] Spurred by a series of Twitter posts from the critic Jason Zinoman, The Times’s Aisha Harris investigates the theory that the narrative of “Russian Doll” is “an against the grain meditation on the cultural guilt” leftover from the violence that took place in Tompkins Square Park in 1988, and notes that Headland and Lyonne responded positively to this theory.
And, while winter sports like skiing and snowboarding require some technical skills and lessons, snow hiking doesn’t.
Scott and Big Boi were ushered on and offstage quickly, boxes that had been checked off.
The film plays fast-and-loose with the facts, adhering to the formula of traditional biopics like “Walk the Line” and “Ray,” but it was a box-office sensation for a reason, tapping into the creative breakthroughs that led to hits like the title track and into the passion that infused the band’s career-capping Live Aid performance.
Joaquín “el Chapo” Guzmán Loera fue declarado ayer culpable de narcotráfico, lavado de dinero, homicidio y conspiración para delinquir después de tres meses de juicio en una corte neoyorquina; la condena prevista tan solo por uno de los diez cargos que enfrentaba es prisión de por vida.
And in the “Red Devil Dream Book” under “Ladies’ Names,” “Fannie” is listed as playing for 6-7-5.
In a timely sales job to his new employers, Smith posted a career-high 15 assists, along with 13 points and 10 rebounds, in the Mavericks’ 114-90 victory over the Knicks on Wednesday night at Madison Square Garden.
I wonder how it’s related to any talent for governing or fitness for office.
And the continued surge in interest in the justice’s life — she’s also the subject of the current feature “On the Basis of Sex” — has made the often grueling festival-and-awards circuit more rewarding.
The photographers on view who adapt Adams’s images simultaneously make radical changes and commentaries.
Olivia Lapeyrolerie, a spokeswoman for Mayor Bill de Blasio, said that Nycha suspended both managers in September and placed them in “nonsupervisory, office positions.” “This blatant misconduct is appalling and completely unbefitting of any Nycha employee, especially those in supervisory roles,” Ms. Lapeyrolerie said.
On the palate it is rich and mildly pungent, an altogether delightful combination.
Someone dies at the hands of the police.
While Mr. Trump overstated the amount of opioids flowing into the nation through the southern border in his Oval Office speech, many here see the wall as one way to stop the tide.
Some of their creditors are more understanding than others, and even one missed payment can carry heavy consequences.
Porzingis, who was increasingly unhappy about the Knicks’ constant losing and is scheduled to become a restricted free agent July 1, asked to be traded on Thursday, according to both a team statement and subsequent comments that Knicks President Steve Mills and General Manager Scott Perry made on a conference call Thursday evening.
No one has ever thrown that many through the first two weeks.
Sign up here to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights, and here’s our full range of free newsletters.
Each weekday goes this way: Wake up, eat breakfast, go to school, come home and eat dinner, then do homework, finally go to sleep.
Perhaps the biggest difference between visual art and a live performance of music or theater is that you can take no shortcuts.
(Bloomberg) • Chesapeake Energy shifted its focus to oil from natural gas just in time for oil prices to tumble 40 percent since October.
For events like this, it’s always easier to bring some mise en place with you.
Ya deberíamos estar aburridos de toda una vida de antagonismos y recriminaciones mutuas.
In a statement on Thursday, the office of President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan recalled this era, saying, “After the invasion by the Soviet Union, all presidents of America not only denounced this invasion but remained supporters of this holy jihad of the Afghans.” During this war, the statement said, Afghans did not threaten other countries, but rather “started a national uprising to earn liberation of their holy soil.” Foreign Minister Salahuddin Rabbani made similar remarks, writing on Twitter that the “Soviet occupation was a grave violation of Afghanistan’s territorial integrity” and national sovereignty.
And doesn’t Stan Wawrinka have — like Murray — three major titles of his own?
The recall repair involves installing new software in the vehicles and providing extended warranties, at a total cost of up to $185 million, the Justice Department said.
This month, Enterprise teamed up with a New York-based venture capital firm, MetaProp, to pick and co-invest in companies (MetaProp’s tagline: Location.
Teasing the reader, suggesting a big, richly imagined world.
Same with the park service employees who are either furloughed or being forced to work without pay.
_________ Each week in “What’s Going On in This Graph?,” we spotlight an engaging graph previously published elsewhere in The Times and pair it with a simple set of questions: What do you notice?
There was no script, just extreme Method acting.
In his closing argument, Mr. Lichtman, one of the defense lawyers, reprised a theme he first introduced during his opening statement in November, telling jurors that the real mastermind of the cartel was Mr. Guzmán’s closest partner, Ismael Zambada García.
Injury can occur during a sports activity, accident or vigorous sex when the erect penis is bent or pounded against bone.
“Oh, I couldn’t stop it,” she sings on “Light On.” “Tried to slow it all down/Crying in the bathroom, had to figure it out/With everyone around me saying ‘You must be so happy now.’” The first line of the opening song, “Give a Little,” is “If I was who I was before”; the last track is a triumphant ballad called “Back in My Body.” Rogers is not coy about the work’s autobiographical component; she describes the album as an attempt to process everything she’s experienced since 2016 and take back control of the narrative around her career.
It became El Puente.” More recently, El Puente created the Latino Climate Action Network in Puerto Rico to “reclaim and restore the environment.” El Puente has won numerous awards for community building and youth development.
Strong numbers, but still a noticeable drop-off from the standard he set in 2017, when he hit 59 home runs, and not quite enough to please Yankee fans who booed him when he struck out five times in the home opener and went 4 for 18 in an American League division series loss to the Boston Red Sox — the defending champions whom the Yankees find themselves chasing again.
“There’s no reason why we have to focus on ivory here,” Mr. Tse said.
This helped her pull herself together Monday to reach the last eight, too.
The policy prohibits people identifying with a gender different from their biological sex from serving in the military, with narrow exceptions.
I want actual paid leave for destabilizing big life events, positive and negative.
They have two children, Dillon, now 24, and Max, 28, for whom their father converted the living room into a makeshift band rehearsal space.
They have started to look for new works, even buying a black-and-white abstract painting during a recent trip to Venice, but on a December afternoon, the canvas was still leaning against a dining room wall.
Pad phed pla, catfish in red curry, is strewn with fresh green peppercorns still clustered on tiny branches; they pop brightly between the teeth.
Despite this mammoth effort, shooting was sporadic, pausing for up to six months at a time.
“I was in a car accident.
“I was asked the same thing by my interrogators, and I told them the same thing.” A thin, diminutive man who occasionally broke into a grin during the hourslong conversation with The New York Times, Mr. Khalifa said he immigrated as a child from Saudi Arabia to Toronto, where he learned to speak much like a native Canadian.
Farther south, properties tend to be more expansive.
For more information, visit The Learning Network on Jan. 17 when we announce the rules and begin accepting submissions.
Our grandchildren should be able to afford college.
— he was coming out of retirement to direct one more feature.
An outbreak of fire or disease, or the pressures of climate change, can force them to seek new homes.
Now, T’Challa is in pursuit of Ulysses Klaue, who’s escaped the casino.
It’s just rock ’n’ roll.” The Philipp Plein collection followed the branzino course.
There is a major difference between the two parties regarding the basic nature versus nurture issue that plays such a prominent role in the debate about men.
His grandfather, a Dutch freedom fighter, was shot dead by the Germans during Hitler’s occupation of the Netherlands.
Yet almost 50,000 Americans died of opioid overdoses in 2017, more than were ever killed by guns or H.I.V.
system a foundation for a national health service, able to offer excellent and accountable care for everyone in the United States.
Whether all these oppositions will converge in time to spare us from global disaster remains to be seen.
Two more “Mission: Impossible” installments starring Tom Cruise are moving ahead.
• The Supreme Court agreed to hear a case about whether the owner of a clothing line with a name that’s a “phonetic twin” of a swear word is allowed to register a trademark for the term.
Una fiscalía sin resultados y un mecanismo de protección que cargan con la responsabilidad del asesinato de dos colegas bajo su resguardo: Cándido Ríos Vázquez en 2017 y Rafael Murúa Manríquez.
Regularly update your prescription for corrective lenses.
It would be so lonely without him,” Ms. Washburn said with a degree of mischief when we met at the Almeida.
The high-speed rail project was a signature issue of former Gov.
As a consequence, German diplomats have to play a tricky game: Partnering with an ideological adversary against its close ally on some issues, while sticking with that suddenly difficult ally against its most important trading partner on others.
But logic is of surprisingly little help in the epic, quasi-comical confrontations he has with listeners.
It was kind of raining a little while ago and I said, “Don’t worry, it’s not going to rain.
After the third was shot, she hopped on her new moped and came to their assistance herself.
Sexism, and worse, permeate the story.
Two years later, as the financial crisis hit, she had to close shop.
This will be a lot easier to visualize if you are solving in print, but Mr. Mendelson offers us eight theme entries in which part of each answer either begins or ends outside the grid, kind of like an anti-rebus.
That opportunity has escaped them,” she said.
And President Obama had already announced plans to completely withdraw U.S. troops.
Heavy fighting between the Taliban and security forces continued for three hours.
“So it’s completely different relationship with a professional player, because she has to give him good rhythm, to give a good ball to him, too, so she can’t lose focus.” Other top men and women have shared practice courts in the first month of the tennis season.
Some pastors and bishops in the United States are already talking about leaving the denomination and possibly creating a new alliance for gay-friendly churches.
Handing Lee one of those top prizes would go a long way toward recognizing a director who should have been in the mix far earlier.
De ellos, la madre y el hijo de 5 años no estaban vacunados.
The board consists of two partners from Chatham Asset Management, a financial backer of the company, and David R. Hughes, the former chief financial officer of Trump Entertainment Resorts.
To you, Chairman Cummings, Ranking Member Jordan, the other members of this Committee, and the other members of the House and Senate, I am sorry for my lies and for lying to Congress.
It was the first time I had ever been fired.
Maisie Café is something of a clean-eating rarity in the tony First, where traditional bistro fare — not to mention pricey burgers and fries — has reached a saturation point.
With that in mind, she said, “some African leaders are probably wary of opening the door to every opposition leader to contest elections results that could lead to a recount.” Mr. Fayulu, who had been supported by two of Mr. Kabila’s biggest opponents — themselves barred from running because of their popularity — was the president’s most-feared foe.
Then the question becomes, ‘how do we make it easier for working adults and people who need to pick up new kinds of tools and technologies?’” The answer: stackable credits, which Cassandra Horii, director of Caltech’s center for teaching, learning and outreach, defined as “a more bite-sized piece of education that stands on its own and has value in the workplace.” But “if you continue on your educational trajectory, that piece fully counts towards your next educational step.” The stackable term itself, noted Jimmie Williamson and Matthew Pittinsky in an article in “Inside Higher Education,” is “clever, invoking the image of Lego blocks and the metaphor of assembly.” The blocks being assembled, they wrote, are a “series of traditional degree-based and/or nontraditional credentials — certificates, certifications, licenses, badges, apprenticeships and more — that recognize achievements and provide an accurate assessment of knowledge, skills and abilities.” The more credentials that are accumulated and stacked, the more marketable the candidate presumably becomes.
In South Dakota, Texas and Wyoming, it’s the official state sport, and students in Tucson, where your Back Story writer grew up, get a two-day “rodeo vacation” every year.
[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]
THE ROOTS OF RAP: 16 Bars on the Pillars of Hip-Hop (Little Bee, 32 pp., $18.99; ages 4 to 8) captures a specific African-American experience — one that is rooted in jazz, hip-hop and the liveliness of urban culture.
Given the weight of expectations and Mr. Lee’s youth (he’s in his early 30s), it was an impressively confident and coherent debut.
Y luego llegó [el contragolpe por] #MeToo”.
In Reynosa and elsewhere, the delays caused by the policy are prompting many migrants to weigh the costs and dangers of a faster option: hiring a smuggler, at an increasingly costly rate, to sneak them into the United States.
He is expected to start in a few weeks.
“I’m not fleeing, I just prefer not to say where I am,” Mr. Politi said Tuesday in a telephone interview with an evening talk show on Antena 1, a Romanian television network “From the moment I was recognized, with a lawyer’s help, I can call myself a doctor,” he said.
So that leaves us with the actual moderates.
“People try to serve as gatekeepers, and say ‘this person looks like a kind of candidate we could back,’” said Aimee Allison, the founder of She the People, a political network of progressive women.
Students, read the entire article, then tell us: — Have you ever given or received a digital apology?
The contradiction at the heart of many self-help books is that you’re supposed to accept yourself more while simultaneously changing to create a better you.
“The bad news is that the coming decades are unlikely to afford us many moments of calm and tranquillity,” our reviewer, Yascha Mounk, writes.
Any woman who has ever carried and birthed a child, in whatever fashion, deserves her own ESPN highlight reel — blood, sweat, tears and the eventual triumph of holding her newborn baby.
“This impacts everyone,” Ms. King said.
At a news conference after the December meeting, Mr. Powell emphasized that economic growth remained strong, and that the Fed expected to continue raising rates in 2019.
On foot, the runner ($95) made my foot look pouty, as if it were dipping into the floor.
(“The darkness comes before the morning,” Erich’s wife tells him when he’s disconsolate).
“Bluff City,” by Preston Lauterbach, aims instead for something less snappy and more lyrical.
Many millions of years later, flowers enchanted yet another species.
And what more can she do?
“Even though you could argue that what we’re doing doesn’t relate to the national security, in a sense it does relate to our economic security,” Dr. Tabak said.
And it requires more than an average suspension of disbelief.
[Sign up for the weekly At War newsletter to receive stories about duty, conflict and consequence.]
Even so, reasonable Democrats and Republicans acknowledge a need for some mix of a bigger staff, better technology and, yes, fencing — as well as humane and sensible immigration and asylum policies.
Another angle: Patience is the likely theme today for the Federal Reserve, which is expected to leave its benchmark interest rate unchanged.
Cannabis Benchmarks, a company that tracks marijuana prices, reported at the end of December that the average price of regulated cannabis in California was $1,183 a pound, compared with $3,044 in Illinois, $3,072 in Connecticut and $2,846 in Washington, D.C.
I saw no mention of my grandfather.
American companies like Apple and FedEx have already attributed lower revenue estimates partly to the trade war with China.
A temperature below 95 indicates an emergency, requiring immediate medical attention.
But they play in a second-tier sports league whose championship games are on tape delay late at night.
“Sometimes you have to just do it yourself,” said Matthew Victor Pastor, a Filipino-Australian director.
I’ve known him since the early 1990s.
Como gustan decir los funcionarios cubanos, la censura existe en todo el mundo.
The United States, and Mr. Ghani, view Moscow’s efforts with suspicion.
Outside of his parish, Father Ramsey, 73, is best known as a whistle-blower in the sexual abuse case of Theodore E. McCarrick, a former cardinal and archbishop of Washington.
Jill Cowan grew up in Orange County, went to school at U.C.
• Were there any surprises?
They have asked German judicial authorities to cooperate.
“When my grandmother got here almost a hundred years ago,” Mr. Castro said at the Plaza Guadalupe amphitheater in San Antonio, in the neighborhood where he was raised.
DUNN: My comedy partner tells me that I talk to myself worse than I’d talk to a friend.
3-4 Eccleston Yards, London SW1W 9AZ, tart-london.com.
Unable to catch a break, Fowler created his own.
“It’s this idea that ecosystem health and human health are two sides of the same coin,” Mr. Mutemba said.
Making games is a long, laborious process, but it’s worth it when we see the joy we bring to people’s lives.
The Nets won for the 11th time in 14 games and avenged a 131-125 double-overtime loss to Memphis on Nov. 30.
No one can tell me with any certainty about what lies ahead.
You commit that would not happen if you were attorney general?” “That will not happen.” “Thank you.” Rod J. Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general who appointed Mr. Mueller and oversaw his work until late last year, plans to remain at the department for a transition period expected to last only a few weeks.
“There is no stone that has been unturned.” Weeks into the search, Jayme was found about 65 miles from where she disappeared — in the town of Gordon, Wis., at 4:43 p.m. Thursday, the Douglas County Sheriff’s Office said in a news release.
Moniruzzaman, a police officer in Mr. Ahmed’s home district who goes by only one name, said in an interview that he was known locally “as a cheater.” “He used to take money from people, making promises that he would send them abroad for work, or he would give them a job in the country,” Mr. Moniruzzaman said.
The mystery was this: When the egg finally hatched, it would do so virtually in unison with all the other stink bug eggs clumped around it.
This base will illustrate how it can be easy to get involved in a war — “This is a transnational long-term threat.” — but much harder to get out of one.
They failed multiple attempts to repeal the Affordable Care Act, and its popularity got higher than ever.
The attackers’ identities and motives remain unclear.
There’s a scene where I start arguing with Brian Bosworth, who plays my boss, and I think he’s not firing me because I’m a woman.
(The restaurant was open for just 15 months.)
Since graduation, Mr. Patterson had struggled to hold down a job.
“We made a prudent decision that gives us the opportunity to hyperfocus on D.C.” The advertisement, an open letter to Mr. Bezos that was set to appear on a full page in Friday’s newspaper, is aimed at combating the notion that the opposition to Amazon was widespread, arguing that a “clear majority” of New Yorkers support the company.
Weather: Powerful winds that can blow down trees and power lines are sweeping through New York City and the suburbs, weather officials said.
“There were simply no grounds for it.” He added, “We will not arrest innocent people simply to exchange them for someone else later on.”
I have realized that what I love is a character who can make, in one sentence, references to what we think of as both pop culture and highbrow art.
The board rammed through the appointment of a superintendent, Austin Beutner, with no educational background.
A government that owes a debt to Mr. Bolton and Mr. Abrams will not only be viewed with suspicion by many on the left in Venezuela; it could be forced to abide by constraints imposed by the neoconservatives in Washington about which political actors are considered acceptable partners in a reconciliation process.
They do if it’s High Point!
He taught there until 2012, when he was 94, and was considered a key member of the community.
They are also expensive, costing $100,000 a year.
Even the electricity was produced here, at Vinalhaven’s wind farm.
Ms. James’s investigation was prompted last year by a New York Times report that detailed how Devumi — then based in Florida — had earned millions of dollars peddling fake accounts to customers in New York and other states.
They also think differently about gender — and the women in “On Drinking” only occasionally get names, although they do sometimes get ages.
So it’s refreshing that Doris, the Swedish heroine of Sofia Lundberg’s debut novel, “The Red Address Book,” is truly old at 96 and depicted with an unflinching eye toward the realities of advanced age.
This would not be the first time Mr. Trump has bragged about conversations that never happened.
So the other day I stopped into the oldest of the seven buildings, the L-shaped, cast-iron 836 Broadway, with its pair of Second Empire facades, on Broadway and 13th Street.
We asked students: What does the American dream mean to you?
Democratic lawmakers were quick to write on Twitter that, “if true,” the article’s findings could lead to impeachment.
That led some users to replace their batteries rather than their entire iPhone.
2A is a great example of this.
“If you sell and try to come back, you can never re-enter the market.” Mr. Lieberman was prepared with a lineup of buildings.
Ese momento espontáneo me reveló la conexión entre las relaciones afectivas y el aprendizaje.
A string of German TV productions based on her books and short stories was so popular in that country that German tourists traveled by the thousands to Cornwall to see the area where the films were shot and where some of her stories were set.
An incidental moment from the 1990 timeline hits the hardest: After Amelia visits one of the Purcell’s neighbors and procures a photograph of Will and Julie on Halloween, she asks the woman if she has ever thought about moving to town, away from this cursed place.
WOODWARD It was the first ballet I was ever in a production of.
By the close of trading for the year, however, the UltraPro ETF was up 2.3 percent for the year, compared with the S&P 500’s loss of 6.2 percent.
These comments proved highly controversial, to say the least.
The shootings occurred about six miles apart, he said.
But although the state elections board sent Justice Department officials evidence of absentee-ballot fraud by Mr. Dowless as early as January 2017, they took no action before last November’s House election, and it is unclear whether they are investigating the matter.
Angel Kozeli MozinaBoston To the Editor: Michael Cohen’s credibility rests not only on the corroborating documentation that he brought with him.
In my mind I got the job, it was a dream job, and things came up that simply prohibited it from happening.
[New Democrats — many of them women, and many of them people of color — are planning to send their own pointed messages to the president with their choices of guests and attire.]
“PG&E is a great local company who gets it,” the mayor, who died in 2017, said at the event.
Post a comment or email us: nytoday@nytimes.com.
Take a listen: Some other things to catch you up on: The conductor Daniel Harding, who’s had trouble with American orchestras, is dipping his toe in this country again.
Dirk Engling, spokesman for the Chaos Computer Club, a German collective of hackers, said the hack itself wasn’t technically difficult, but required a great deal of patience in order to learn the necessary passwords.
Ms. Pace was in the courtroom on Saturday.
The armistice set out terms for prisoner exchanges and created the specifics of the Demilitarized Zone, the two-and-a-half-mile wide buffer dividing North and South.
“I mean, I am always prepared to walk.
Her novel of the same name is an homage to the genre.
“The most valuable asset to a secretary of state is having a good working relationship with the president.
She’s thinking about what work the blues is meant to do.” Victoria’s music is simultaneously rooted and restless, reflecting a peripatetic life.
Follow NYT Food on Twitter and NYT Cooking on Instagram, Facebook and Pinterest.
His views are so sought after that an out-of-print book he wrote about value investing sells for as much as $1,500 on Amazon.
“It is constructed with mirrored walls that face or tilt toward the audience.
And yet, when the European Parliament has discussed reforms aimed at spreading more evenly the burden of immigration among members of the European Union, the League did not participate, and representatives of the Five Star Movement abstained from voting.
(NYT) • India surpassed Germany in autos sales, becoming the fourth-largest market in the world.
But one of the things that’s been really striking to me is, as I’ve talked to my colleagues around the globe, working in different countries — particularly working in countries where a free press is already a tenuous thing — they say that they are increasingly of the belief that your rhetoric is creating a climate in which dictators and tyrants are able to employ your words in suppressing the free press.
Brace your core muscles and remember to breathe normally.
We came a long way to achieve the rights we have now, just to lose them after a peace deal.” Everyone involved in peace negotiations agrees that the war could end only with a power-sharing deal.
In February Ms. Auth will be selling her own blends of Chinese herbs for things like insomnia and to ease anxiety, which I’m sure I will be buying at my next appointment.
Grilles protect from shoes and elbows yet remain acoustically neutral.
The commissioners called their dismissal a political decision by officials who hope to serve in a new government.
“This is how it starts.
“God gave me both this position of managing the resources of this company and of the men that are entrusted to work with me.” Thomas A. Kennedy, Raytheon’s current chairman and chief executive, said in a statement that “for all his technical and financial achievements, Tom will be best known at Raytheon for his warm and engaging business leadership.” Mr. Phillips befriended Mr. Colson, a special counsel to Nixon, while the Watergate scandal played out and told him about his conversion.
The most popular signs to pilfer are Mile 420, a popular number among marijuana enthusiasts, and Mile, ahem, 69.
“I made a bunch of putts all week and then honestly I was kind of battling it a little bit swing-wise, didn’t quite have it like I did the first three days.” He added, “It just kind of flatlined on me there in the last few.” Hadwin had his fourth straight top-six finish in the event.
I hope it goes better for you than it did for me,” he joked.
Adolescents have a way of, shall we say, putting you in your place, but they can also deliver bolts of insight, and I want to be around as often as possible when those drop.
To learn self-compassion, we must first mindfully acknowledge our pain in a nonjudgmental way.
Fueron enviados por FedEx desde Nueva York y tarda un tiempo en pasar a través del sistema de la Casa Blanca’”.
A decision like the one you’re contemplating would, to be sure, best be made in consultation with her psychiatrist, giving consideration to the fact that, while mood and personality disorders typically persist, adolescence does not.
The paradox is that Greece trains professionals at great cost but cannot offer them the stability and opportunities they need in order to employ them here.
Voters used to overwhelmingly favor less immigration, but opinions have changed fast amid an immigrant rights movement that took off in 2006 and partisan polarization driven by aggressive enforcement.
But they do mean that the population overall is aging, and fast.
While analysts are watching the ball, there could be a development across the field they are asked to comment on a few seconds later, with limited time to watch a replay.
If you gathered up all your plastic waste each week, as Ms. Terry once did, you would have a huge mound on the floor.
But many are thought to be either boys or young men.
Tres turistas franceses abandonaron ayer el aislamiento de siete días en el que se encontraban después de que fueron diagnosticados con sarampión.
“It’s entirely my life,” she told “Invisibilia" tearfully.
The movie bogs down toggling between melodrama and parable, leading to a denouement that plays like a semi-homage to Luis Buñuel’s “Belle de Jour,” always a nice movie to be reminded of.
Another has been the emergence of celebrity designers; the idea that if you have any power in the media then you can become a designer or creative director, simply by employing a silent team beneath you.
One migration expert has compared attempts to stop migration from Africa into Europe with a fence to “the little Dutch boy who saves his country by putting his finger in a leaking dike.” A brutal war over their border left Ethiopia and Eritrea in a two-decade-long standoff, often described as a “state of war.” The two nations cut economic, trade and diplomatic ties, and sealed the border, heavily militarizing it.
There was steady demand for treatment of fistula in Niger, a poverty-stricken nation with high rates of child marriage.
But the drawdown has not yet begun, and Defense Department officials have been unable to clarify how many troops will leave the country or by when.
WASHINGTON — The architects of the 2016 insurgent campaign for Senator Bernie Sanders abruptly parted ways with his 2020 campaign on Tuesday, dealing him a surprise blow one week after he entered the presidential race with an emphatic show of fund-raising strength.
People think about players differently.
Remoralizing and resocializing the market is the great project of the moment.
No, it’s smart.” Other highlights from Mr. Stone’s activities in New York: 1980: He helped run Ronald Reagan’s presidential campaign in New York and Connecticut.
Cuarón received the prize for best cinematography for “Roma,” making him the first director to win for shooting his own film.
From afar, the looks have clean silhouettes, but up close, Bahnsen’s handcrafted details reveal themselves, as on a white fil-coupé dress embroidered with black and yellow flowers or an oversize white poplin dress with delicately scalloped edges.
And yet, when I imagine my life three decades from now, or the life of my daughter five decades from now, I have to admit that I am not imagining a world on fire but one similar to the one we have now.
Pat Kelly and Chris Kelly are partners at the creative studio Kelly&Kelly (@kellykellyinc), where Lauren Bercovitch is head of production and Michael Tanko Grand is a producer.
“They’ve done a very good job of managing their fiscal affairs, and that’s been true across both Democratic and Republican governments for a while now,” said Eric Kim, who analyzes the state’s finances for Fitch, the bond ratings agency.
The place has the stark, casual feel of a tech start-up, with one exception: The walls are lined with oversize photos of pivotal moments in Climeworks’s young history — its ungainly early prototypes; the opening of the first Hinwil plant that collected CO₂ for the greenhouse.
Dice que su punto de partida para escribir es su cotidianidad, un hecho al que sus pares atribuyen la lucidez de sus ensayos y novelas sobre la vida migrante: “Pertenece a ambos territorios”, mexicano y estadounidense, "pero a la vez pareciera saberse siempre extranjera”, dice la argentina Samantha Schweblin.
In trying to surpass the division rival Red Sox, the Yankees spent $140 million in free agency this off-season, including re-signing outfielder Brett Gardner and pitchers C.C.
Parks and open space were a big part of the reason, and the relative affordability was no doubt a mental-health bonus.
Days before the bill signing, Ms. Markey, who is now 77, sat in her living room on a snowy afternoon, in the house in Maspeth where her son had first told her of the abuse.
President Trump declared a national emergency to try and build a border wall that Congress refused to give him.
But that netting did not protect Goldbloom, who sat in Section 106, row C, seat 5, on the level beneath the press box behind home plate.
The loop has hi-hat sounds and syncopated synthesizers — from Disclosure — as Khalid hops between tenor and falsetto.
THE AGE OF SURVEILLANCE CAPITALISM The Fight for a Human Future at the New Frontier of Power By Shoshana Zuboff 691 pp.
Mr. Everdell, who had once sailed across the Atlantic, was no longer strong enough to handle a boat, Ms. Oakley said.
Congress hit the reset button this week, showcasing a Democratic agenda in the House that had been overshadowed by the struggle to reopen the government.
“We are aware that a privately operated search is also being conducted in the area, and we are liaising closely with those involved to maximize the chance of locating any wreckage and ensure a safe search operation,” the statement said.
Lo entrevistó el conductor estadounidense Ed Sullivan, quien dijo que Castro y sus “barbudos” iban en línea con “la verdadera tradición estadounidense de George Washington”.
I like walking into my living room and seeing the walls of books with faded spines that have accreted over many decades.
“Aunque el Supermax es oneroso, sé que no es peor de lo que ya ha vivido”, agregó Lichtman.
Mr. Hughes, who had taught animation and Photoshop to college students in Chicago, spent the next 10 years, off and on, restoring the photos.
“I come from a matriarchal line of women who have always been very involved politically and socially,” she said, referring also to her grandmother, who worked with indigenous communities in Puebla, Mexico.
The Versailles statement said Renault had asked to rent space in the Grand Trianon, a mansion on the palace grounds, and an adjacent gallery for a dinner, on Oct. 8, 2016 — the day of Mr. Ghosn’s party.
The government announced initial findings on Friday, a month after the trial ended.
A mother and daughter picnic in the California desert, for example, gazing out across a vast field of wind turbines first built in the 1980s.
Now comes the part where you have to cook it.
“Si los europeos estuvieran aquí y pasaran veinte días en el barco, muchos de ellos se suicidarían”, sentenció Achwill Abdallah, un sursudanés de 15 años que huyó de un país en guerra.
While fans of the calm and the rational might prefer the sober designs presented by some of the more conservative houses, others may choose to indulge in some of watchmaking’s more esoteric concepts, like these S.I.H.H.
Several episodes in the first season of “Discovery” didn’t work because it didn’t feel like the crew enjoyed being around each other — recall for example how much antipathy members of the bridge had toward Burnham for much of the season.
The existence of the third case had not been previously reported.
But the agency ignored the issue, a report finds.
“It’s not just, Oh, look, we’ve put two women in,” said Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont and the ranking member on the Senate Appropriations Committee.
En cierta medida, la debilidad de sus opositores es consecuencia de una represión continua del gobierno que ha infundido un miedo generalizado.
Only a few minutes away from Milan Central Station, it covers an immense area and is perfect for longer trail runs with routes of 3 or 6 miles.
Motorcycles and trash cans burned as throngs moved in a wave through Paris, and protesters set fire to a car belonging to an antiterrorism unit in front of the Eiffel Tower.
Aside from Mr. Gantz, who has formed a new party, the main threat to Mr. Netanyahu’s 10-year grip on power is Yair Lapid, a journalist-turned-lawmaker who founded the Yesh Atid party (Hebrew for There Is a Future) and built it into a force, with a nationwide organization, a cogent policy agenda and a carefully calibrated compass pointing to the political center.
He made his fortune in the paper and packaging business and purchased the land adjacent to the stadium complex in the 1980s, and eventually bought the stadium itself.
Though she made her name with one-of-a kind items, the demands of a growing business (more than 40 stores now stock the Bode label) required her to increase her scale of production.
When the sun is setting, you can see all the shadows and which ones are the most severe.” Avoid unflattering lighting.
The former Soviet republic of Georgia has offered tax breaks, land deals and cheap energy to attract tech-savvy entrepreneurs and the high-powered computers that are needed to mine the cryptocurrency Bitcoin, even though its value has tumbled.
And seemed to be addicted to it, seemed to revel in it, clearly reveled in his proximity.
But the court ruled in the Austrian state’s favor.
After a two-year inquisition, the charges today relate in no way to Russian collusion, WikiLeaks collaboration or any other illegal act in connection with the 2016 campaign.
I met some of them when I was 15, and I’ll be 20 in March.
Instead, a team of researchers recently brewed their own backyard lava.
[Sign up here for the T List newsletter, a weekly roundup of what T Magazine editors are noticing and coveting now.]
If a child gets sick or hurt, or if school ends early, she gets the call every time.
As the noose has tightened, even those who joined the caliphate in its earliest days are trying to save themselves.
The cause was complications of colon cancer, his son, William C. Thompson Jr., the former New York City comptroller, said.
— Alan Waxenberg Dear Diary: It was the usual weekend delay at the Grand Street station.
The orchestral sound is rich and thick, with passages played over dark, sustained bass tones.
With his political freedom of movement and his expensive technical equipment, he makes meticulous pictures of suffering that end up in exquisite books and in art galleries.
Elsewhere: CNN’s Harry Enten points out that Sanders will need to do better with liberal Democrats than he did in 2016: “The best he could do was fight Clinton to a tie among self-identified very liberal voters in 2016.” This may seem surprising, I realize, but liberalism and populism are not the same thing.
Sin embargo, tan solo tres semanas después de haber comenzado su mandato una serie de episodios cuestionables ha provocado que Bolsonaro, quien llegó al poder denunciando el privilegio elitista, enfrente acusaciones de que su gobierno es más de lo mismo.
Mr. Baradar has a history of speaking to all Afghan leaders and he might be able to persuade the Taliban to reconsider the position.
Justice Department officials then declined to prosecute Mr. Holder, saying they had the discretion to not prosecute an executive branch official who claims executive privilege.
Los principales culpables del desorden tecnológico en todos los hogares, según los organizadores profesionales, son los cargadores.
Then you have a riot.
Some people will say, “That’s not my version of Atlanta.” That’s fair, everybody has a different experience of their city.
Well, I don’t know if America is ready for a woman of color to be president of the United States.
James finished with 24 points, 14 rebounds and 9 assists.
I like to walk there and back because it makes me think that I’m walking off the calories.
When clear aligners first arrived on the scene, the technology was inefficient and orthodontists were skeptical.
“The book’s engine is conversation, used to great effect.”
At 16, he became an apprentice carpenter, making roughly 60 cents a day, barely enough to feed himself.
“I think the most consequential call I made was before President Trump came to office.” I asked what he meant.
And he had been sheep hunting with Donald Trump Jr. in the Yukon a couple of weeks before.
Name Withheld You don’t say anything about your relationship with your upstairs neighbors.
Naomi Osaka’s first appearance at a Grand Slam tournament as a major champion was a successful one.
Mr. Hemmati said he hoped Iraq and Iran would cooperate more in banking, which could also weaken American sanctions.
She was pointing toward a passageway to the left.
Some of those details appear likely to disappoint business leaders who urged Treasury to broaden the definition of what sorts of companies qualify for the full deduction.
When she climbed up beside Noah, he scooted over to make room, never looking up from his picture.
agents charging “a house like they did at six o’clock in the morning.
He provided the bankers with a collection of bare-bones personal financial statements.
And like China, Europe is a big player in the world economy, so its stumbles will spill over to everyone, the U.S. very much included.
There is widespread concern among trade experts that China could be slow-walking the negotiations and that it will offer repackaged promises that it has failed to deliver on in the past.
Fifteen years before the world’s highest-grossing festival started, Gary Tovar, the founder of Goldenvoice, which produces Coachella, attended a Desolation Center gig.
Mr. Walder, Virgin Hyperloop One’s chief executive, is a former head of New York’s Metropolitan Transportation Authority and managing director at Transport for London.
That would set up a constitutional clash with lawmakers over who controls the federal purse.
governments would have to approve a postponement, and “unless Britain plans to hold a general election or another referendum, the delay is not likely to extend beyond early July, when a newly elected European Parliament is scheduled to meet.” More: The news reduces the significance of a series of parliamentary votes on a Brexit motion scheduled for later today.
When it was approved by the Flemish Parliament in June 2017, Mr. Weyts hailed the vote on Twitter, writing: “Proud animal minister.
Average pay since 2000 has grown twice as fast for federal workers as for private sector employees.
Last year, Mr. Kabila stunned the nation by agreeing to step down after nearly 18 years in power, though he had already overstayed his constitutionally mandated two-term limit by two years.
Britain and Switzerland have also signed a deal to recognize each other’s insurance regulations.
One by one these technologies come along and there’s this wave of panic.
“We are constantly working to detect and stop this type of activity because we don’t want our services to be used to manipulate people,” Nathaniel Gleicher, head of cybersecurity policy at Facebook, said in a blog post.
It’s a recurring trope that parents find that taking care of a small child can be boring, and they feel profoundly guilty about it.
“I think you leave knowing you want to take it on.
“There was a whole line of cars” at the grade-level crossing where the train stopped, she said.
“We’re just so happy to be with somebody that we’re like,” Mr. Heastie said.
“Perhaps one day, God willing,” he wrote in 1974 under his code name, Daniel, “we and our families can all know each other.” “You should know,” Colonel Kuklinski replied, “that in my personal thoughts, you are often my conversation partner.” Mr. Forden said later, “I wanted to be sure that Kuklinski knew we saw him as a courageous human being.” Once the Poles suspected a leak, the colonel was smuggled out of Warsaw in late 1981 with his family and given a new identity in the United States.
Even though Amazon splashily introduced its own publishing imprints, Ms. Bezos still chose traditional houses for her books: Harper and Knopf.
When we asked why he’d given away his only jacket, my dad turned to us and said, “I knew when I left that man, he’d still be alone, but I could give him my coat, because I knew you were coming for me.” Our power and strength as Americans lives in our hard work and our belief in more.
But Mr. Bloomberg, who has castigated Ms. Warren’s proposed wealth tax as disastrous and unconstitutional, rejects the premise that wealth has an insidious effect on democracy.
?” “Any day now”); he blows up when he sees Mick’s status update: “Flew out to Vineyard for a steak dinner and the Avett Brothers with my buddy Ron.
But the agency’s critics note that under Singapore’s Land Titles Act, 100 percent of owners in such buildings must approve a conservation plan, whereas 80 percent approval is required to put a building older than 10 years up for a collective sale.
So now you’re alone and can’t relate to nobody.
Once upon a time, this kind of behavior was the province solely of A-list celebrities, something observers could roll their eyes at while feeling secure that they would never act so vain.
For now, he showed me how to speak up for what I want.
Mr. Minhaj has not commented publicly on the removal of the episode.
We need techniques to help deal with it.” She spends her Sundays sorting through the residue of last week’s email inbox.
Our new U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement — the U.S.M.C.A.
Subscribe to the With Interest newsletter.]
We started creating binders to track everyone who had come in to audition for the show as a reference guide.
Barbara Res, who said she enjoyed much about working for Mr. Trump as a construction executive in the 1980s and 1990s, sees in Ms. Pelosi a new challenge to Mr. Trump’s lifelong tactics.
I’ve had white clients who left white agents and came to me because they felt like it was a better fit.
Recipe of the day: Start the week with a comforting bowl of Tuscan farro soup.
They married in 1960 but divorced six years later.
The vast majority of people who contract measles haven’t been vaccinated, and giving them the measles vaccine within 72 hours of being exposed to the virus might help — at least by reducing the severity and duration of the symptoms.
It was a tough week for digital media, with more than 1,000 employees laid off at BuzzFeed, AOL, Yahoo and HuffPost, and Vice Media starting the process of laying off some 250 workers.
But Mr. Jordan, a staunch conservative, expressed concern about tactics used by drug companies to prolong patent protection for their products, delaying competition and keeping prices high.
Mr. Mathieson was referring to a year when violence flared between Rakhine Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims in Rakhine, leaving more than 100,000 people homeless.
The law would change the landscape of education.
But we’re also working hand in hand with Lego.
“What will help is more funding for education across the board,” with a focus on addressing inequities.
^[APPLAUSE]^ There’s a couple lines that any Democrat can say, and they’ll get the audience on their feet.
The groom’s parents live in Rockville, Md.
The title of the biennale, “Possibilities for a Non-Alienated Life,” reflects Ms. Dube’s effort to build connections between communities, both in Kochi and beyond.
These include trying to forge a consensus position on a new Brexit deal and hoping the Europeans will consider it; or opting for a new referendum, which is favored by politicians who believe that enough of the public has reconsidered Brexit to scrap the idea; or accepting Mrs. May’s deal.
The pope said that the meeting, to be held at the Vatican on Feb. 21 through Feb. 24, was intended to help bishops and the heads of religious orders better understand the procedures to follow when faced with allegations of abuse, and to impress on them the terrible suffering of victims.
And to the Cohen investigation.
What shape does your friendship take now?
To insist that contemporary photographic practice — and I mean to include a majority of the international news coverage in newspapers like this one — is generally made (and published) for the greater good is to misconstrue history, because it leaves out the question of “Good for whom?” Such pictures aren’t for their subjects any more than the photograph in Stone’s book was for the Ijebus and their king.
What have the adults in your life taught you about managing boredom?
“He worked so hard for this career to follow his father and his brother into the world’s greatest fire department,” Mr. Nigro said.
And so is Alison Roman with her cumin-roasted salmon with cilantro sauce.
At times, it surpassed Apple and Amazon to become the most valuable company in the world, which was both a sign of its resurgence and the stumbles faced by its peers.
In urging the Supreme Court to hear its appeal, the federal government argued that Mr. Brunetti remained free to use and protect his trademark and had lost only the benefits of federal trademark registration, including some advantages in litigation over the validity of the mark.
Dr. Conley, a Navy commander and the director of the White House medical unit, reported Mr. Trump’s weight without comment in a memorandum describing some results of the physical that was released by the White House.
“The point is that the proposal was in the earliest stage and did not advance beyond a free nonbinding letter of intent.” Mr. Cohen pleaded guilty late last year to lying to Congress about the duration of the Moscow proposal; he had indicated initially that it stopped in January 2016.
Victoria Siddall, director of Frieze Fairs, thinks the timing is finally right.
That will bring together three of the world’s largest messaging networks, which between them have more than 2.6 billion users, allowing people to communicate across the platforms for the first time.
Nos subimos a nuestro coche y nos volvimos al hotel.
I have some closing remarks I would like to say myself.
The Chawlas, in the statement, left open the possibility of doing business with the Trumps in the future.
“As if manhood could ever be associated with him.” But bigness eluded Trump on Tuesday night.
Stefanos Tsitsipas, a 20-year-old from Greece, defeated the 30-year-old Spaniard, Roberto Bautista Agut, 7-5, 4-6, 6-4, 7-6 (2), several hours before Nadal and Tiafoe took the court.
And we were able to recreate it and show him.” Donna added, “Kenny just crushed his dream; he was literally in tears.” “This is why I wear a Thor’s hammer,” Biddle said, smiling.
There is a space with vets that I don’t violate.
Some of them he was.
I think the corporate rate will start to creep back up.
South Korea: A political ally of President Moon Jae-in was sentenced to two years in prison for conspiring with a blogger to illegally sway public opinion before presidential elections in 2017.
The couple met in 2011 at the Momofuku Noodle Bar in the East Village, where she was a hostess, when he came in to see one of her colleagues.
He would dispense with the concrete wall or steel slats that Mr. Trump has advocated in raucous rallies, in favor of more advanced measures, including “a fiber optic cable from sea to shining sea.” “Let’s make sure we’re using the right tool in the right place,” Mr. Hurd said.
On Thursday, the federal defenders filed an emergency motion to remove from the jail an inmate whose asthma had worsened from the cold.
Another option, they said, is a rally speech somewhere outside Washington, but aides are concerned that would not be distinct enough from the type of event the president routinely holds.
Her life practically began onstage: When she was about a month old, she appeared in a production as a last-minute stand-in for a lost baby doll.
According to several former Obama administration officials and former Italian officials familiar with the conversation, Mr. Obama berated the brash former mayor of Florence, saying this was high-stakes global politics, not a City Council meeting in Florence.
It provided no new information about the murder, the investigation or why the prosecutor sought the death penalty against only five of the 11 suspects charged in Mr. Khashoggi’s death.
It was based on the conviction that words have meaning.
“He wanted so much to convey the sense that the person you find yourself to be is a solid, good person.” Dr. Rubin was born in Brooklyn on April 11, 1923, the second child of Nathan Rubin, a pharmacist, and Esther (Marcus) Rubin, who ran the household.
What may have an impact is the introduction of mandatory community service.
“¡Dios mío, la encontré!”, exclamó Camacho Badani.
“For me, one of the most important objectives for the match was to start off well and bring the intensity and make sure that he also feels my presence,” said Djokovic, who looked remarkably calm and centered, both during the match and afterward.
“Her face looked frustrated and angry.” Ms. Glover was reeling, telling herself that she could not have been attacked.
For his part, Mr. Bolton has been walking a tricky line on the withdrawal plans.
On your last exhale, reach both arms forward and move to the other side of your body, this time stretching your right side as you bend to the left.
He has spoken admiringly of “my generals” and talked about those who looked the part.
“We can’t charge, we can’t receive money.
During the years of Taliban control, the militants barred women and girls from attending school, and prohibited music and television.
scoring titles — were close at hand, literally and figuratively through Sports Reference, a monolith of sports data websites that just happens to rent space from the church.
Both Ryan and McConnell have said they were not asked to mention Russia.
Will Hunt taps into our deep fascination with what lies beneath the surface of things by exploring, quite literally, what’s going on beneath the surface.
Other targets include Las Vegas; Queens County and Manhattan in New York; Washington, D.C.; Detroit; Newark; Prince George’s and Montgomery Counties in Maryland; San Francisco; Baltimore; and San Juan, P.R.
Muchas empresas aún pregonan las virtudes del trabajo empaquetado con mensajes moralistas.
If my younger brother was being annoying, I would imagine my older brother as the opposite.
“And Massachusetts is represented by Pocahontas, right?
This makes one drink, but of course you'd prepare enough for two.
And then, I sat on my bed, looked at my dog, and said “Annie, I would rather not.” I’m not feeling very motivated right now.
But Neptune’s arcs persist and astronomers can’t say why.
Ms. Lomborg believes she would not have landed in Florida or met Mr. Wiley if it wasn’t for her otherworldly communications with her mother.
She began to eat it with a fork, realized that others around her were using their hands, asked if she should do likewise and ditched the utensils.
The stories under the headlines proved less alarming.
Auden and Jorge Luis Borges.
His program knows every possible method for solving a KenKen, which he has rated in difficulty from easy to hard.
in Spain by 1989, switching later to Reuters, where he joined the staff in 1993.
Last summer, Hurtado’s lush paintings, rich with cosmic motifs and geometric abstractions, captivated visitors of the Hammer Museum’s “Made in L.A. 2018” show.
The long-running “60 Minutes” is a highly rated show that prizes its independence from the larger news operation.
“It wasn’t me who was attacked, it was the republic” and “the house of France,” he said.
Younger people, in particular, were becoming much choosier about what movies were worth seeing in a theater.
They landed jobs at the same skate shop in Calgary, The Source, around the year 2000, and have been together, in one form or another, ever since.
The biggies are Cannes, Berlin and Venice, and then maybe Sundance — others might disagree.
The text is a Walt Whitman poem, a reflection on tending sick and wounded soldiers during the Civil War.
An algorithm predicts where potholes will emerge so road crews can resurface streets before cracks appear.
“¿Ves esas ventanas con aluminio?”, añadió, al señalar una casa.
I adore all that stuff, because when I was little, it was always work, work, work, from one concert to the next.
Thomas Greiss stopped 31 shots for his fourth shutout of the season and the Islanders beat the Columbus Blue Jackets, 3-0, on Thursday night.
Though dachshunds are one of the most popular dog breeds in the United States, they have never won at Westminster.
(Yes, you need a subscription.
Mr. Cuarón and his crew sat for hours of panel discussions.
Nor did similar refusals compel prosecutors to charge Joshua Bolten, the White House chief of staff, or Harriet E. Miers, the White House counsel, in 2008, or Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. in 2012.
Algunos de los miembros de la academia de edades más avanzadas dijeron que volvieron a ver la versión de 1954 con Judy Garland y que eso cimentó su opinión de que la nueva interpretación nada más no es tan buena, sobre todo en la segunda hora.
Somehow, it seemed, they had sensed that I would visit that day.
While meeting at the home of the president of the association, I noticed that she had a row of African-American iconography lined up in her kitchen: a collection of ceramic “Mammy” jars.
Among them were Senators Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Chuck Schumer.
But weirdly, a sense of calmness.
From 2015 through 2017, Dr. Anderson and his colleagues tested soil from nearly 250 sites on the peninsula.
“Atop the portico of the Brooklyn Public Library’s main branch, between bronze effigies of Hester Prynne and Meg from ‘Little Women,’ there sits a once-celebrated cat, and beneath her, a cockroach.
And I haven’t seen the movie, but his stamp of approval made me think that I should have.
To make it even harder for myself, I kept the parts of each pairing in alphabetical order.
The Honeycombs appeared on television and released their first album, called simply “The Honeycombs,” in 1964.
But American theater is different: the entry gate to the mainstream is guarded ferociously.
I don’t need anybody else’s.
I encourage any woman moved by Kimberly Probolus’s letter to seek out the Op-Ed Project, and I encourage established writers to serve as mentors.
Y cuando vayas caminando a la oficina, le podrías preguntar a tu teléfono inteligente: “¿Qué tengo en mi calendario para hoy?”.
“We want speakers to bring light and good will to P.A.L.,” Mr. Watts said.
(Perhaps he should talk to some unpaid T.S.A.
I’m sure they share their convictions with all their colleagues, neighbors and their good friend the thrice-married president.
Mr. Kushner has told Mr. Trump that he should spend the next three weeks trying to achieve a broader immigration package.
“I think everybody wants to see Special Victims succeed, and to that end, they’re going to give us what we need to be able to do our jobs effectively.” Chief Harrison must also navigate without some of the tools Chief Osgood utilized.
It was also evident in the procession of artists, among them Aretha Franklin, Paul Simon and the jazz flutist Herbie Mann, who came from outside the region to make records steeped in the Southern musical vernacular.
According to its official website, the franchise maintains offices in Shanghai.
The limited-government-grow-the-pie faction is itself split between the Never Trumpers — who’ve refused to prostitute themselves to Trump’s serial lying, cozying up to Russia and other madness — and those who’ve hitched a ride on Trump’s wagon to get their tax cuts, conservative judges and deregulation.
“When I found out, I was very angry,” Mr. Ai said.
What more can we tell you about his character than that?”
In 2016, it banned social events with names associated with the Civil War period, like “Old South” parties.
Two hundred years after his birth, hardly anyone today remembers Victorian England’s pre-eminent art critic and social philosopher for his books.
It had a brief moment in the Progressive Era in 1910.
Welcome to In Her Words, where women rule the headlines.
“He just got broken and nobody could fix him,” Mr. McGaughey said.
The dining room, with its restored pine-plank floors and double-sided chimney, steps up to a bright living room at one end and flows into an eat-in kitchen at the other.
The medics wrapped him in a heated blanket and tried to find a vein to start an IV drip, the bag of fluid taped to the hood of a Toyota Land Cruiser.
José Arco rides his motorcycle to Jan and Remo’s “at 3 or 4 in the morning, waking us up with a long cry, like a wolf.” By day, while Jan reads, Remo and José Arco ride around town on the motorcycle, Remo perched on the “precarious” rear seat, investigating the sudden proliferation of literary magazines in Mexico City — from 32 to 661 in one year.
The show is hosted by Wil Willis, a former Army Ranger; J. Neilson, a veteran knife maker; Doug Marcaida, the hand-to-hand-combat specialist; and David Baker, a swordsmith well versed in ancient weaponry.
Florida is a microcosm of the country — and some of what is dogging Democrats in the state reflects the party’s broader challenges.
Mr. Trump hopes the meeting will jump-start a diplomatic effort that has stalled since their first encounter, last June in Singapore.
Fewer companies chose to undertake initial public offerings in the period after the policy took effect and there was no measurable change in the affected companies’ performance or improvement in the prospects for women lower on the corporate hierarchy.
‘I know how to cure her!’ said Spirit Airlines.” — SETH MEYERS “Liquor brand Svedka will release a new product that combines rosé and vodka.
movement (boycott, divestment and sanctions), and campus hostility toward Israel barely existed.
Moreover, schools would not be legally responsible for addressing any sexual harassment that is not reported to a school official designated to deal with that issue.
The story of an advantaged European face to face with desperately imperiled African refugees seems tailor-made for political pieties and the dubious enshrinement of one more white savior story.
Prime Minister Hasina has provided both.
Our restaurant critic Besha Rodell gets nostalgic over Australia’s elegant and dramatic waterfront institutions.
They weren’t waiting to be rescued.
“No one from outside the administration dictates V.A.
Here he draws Mexican villages, ceremonial rituals in Bali (whose ethnography also occasioned a book) and near-scientific renditions of a sting ray and a lobster.
“You can either get the hell out, go on up to Tupelo or wherever.
Relics of the past are venerated in the rear garden, which is decorated with giant gears that were once part of a pulley system for hauling stage settings.
“I am a conservative,” he writes in a new afterword, “one who doubts that the 1960s approach to welfare has made it easier for our country’s poor children to achieve their dreams.” But it was a government hand up — the great meritocracy of the Marine Corps and federal aid to get through college — that sent Vance on his way.
I protected Mr. Trump for 10 years.” For Republicans, Mr. Cohen’s allegations will once again require Mr. Trump’s followers to decide how long they will stand by a president whose actions threaten not only his administration but also the fate of politicians in the party he now leads.
“Delta flights, Delta credit cards, life is simple,” Mr. Tepper said.
Can you help us?’” Mr. Schlanger said.
Thousands more await your attentions, on NYT Cooking.
Finally, we end the day slightly brokenhearted.
Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings.
And I had a personal agenda.
I asked Graham if he considered himself part of the wider Trump orbit or the more select one.
“Digital technology has only amplified the power of photography as an ‘everyday’ art form.” Image-hosting websites such as Instagram or Flickr are, after all, digital photo albums.
In our example, a phone number, it may have been overkill.
We had a very good talk.
“After Les left,” Port writes, “the managers chortled among themselves about that crazy guitar player who wanted Gibson to build a broomstick with pickups on it.” In 1943 Fender and a collaborator put pickups on a solid oak plank and shaped it like a narrow little guitar.
Creatures such as the icefish are what Charles Darwin called “wrecks of ancient life,” because they lost important traits of their ancestors, like red blood cells and dense bones.
The Trump administration is considering diverting $13.9 billion allocated last year for areas damaged by hurricanes and wildfires to pay for a wall on the southwestern border.
Suddenly connectivity became so fast, cheap, easy for you and ubiquitous that it felt like you could touch someone whom you could never touch before and that you could be touched by someone who could never touch you before.
Pero en el Ecuador, como en otros países de América Latina, los rumores se propagan por las redes como una epidemia.
(Facebook) • There’s interest in Silicon Valley in a wealth tax.
“I could have a different order of pitches, I could try fastballs first, breaking balls first, get ahead in the count, get behind in the count — it didn’t matter,” Mussina said.
Toronto turned the tables in the second, overcoming a 1-point deficit by outscoring the Nets by 15-3 over the final 2 minutes 55 seconds.
One doctor who trained me spoke of a 1960s prenatal ward full of intoxicated women “swearing like sailors.” Things began to change in 1973, when fetal alcohol syndrome, or F.A.S., was formally recognized after a seminal article was published in The Lancet, a medical journal.
One by one, the candidates with the fewest votes are eliminated.
Spittlebugs themselves can transmit diseases to plants, but Dr. Matthews said they are not a major agricultural pest.
As with Mr. Trump’s abrupt announcement in December, a terse statement on Thursday from Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House press secretary, took Pentagon officials by surprise.
“I believe it was made to sound bigger than it was, with huge police and angry fans.
Nobody knows what to say.
“But the problem goes well beyond that.
Alternative weeklies on the East and West Coasts had been hit particularly hard by declining advertising revenue, Mr. Zaragoza said, and the layoffs at The Express were a blow to Oakland.
At 111 West 57th Street, once known as the Steinway Building, for instance, list prices average $6,500 per square foot, with even bigger-ticket apartments reported at nearby towers.
But the customers who did come in were cheerful, almost exuberant.
On Tuesday, President Trump delivered a national address on immigration to make his case for a border wall again, but Democrats and a growing number of Republicans are ready to reopen the government.
How Abajan, on his deathbed, saw the Prophet Muhammad appear at his side.
After Andalusia’s election, Vox helped form a regional right-wing coalition government — a role of kingmaker that it could repeat at a national level in Spain’s fractured politics.
The full Fifth Circuit refused to rehear that decision last month by a 9-to-6 vote, clearing the way for the law to go into effect on Monday.
Egypt: Officials detained a veteran New York Times correspondent, David Kirkpatrick, after he arrived in Cairo from London, holding him for seven hours without food, water or an explanation before sending him back to London.
Mr. Lighthizer found his way into Mr. Trump’s orbit through his work in the steel industry, where he gained prominence by filing lawsuits accusing Japan and China of dumping metals into the United States, in violation of trade laws.
“They don’t practice journalism in the traditional sense of trying to tell the story from both sides; they speak to their audience, which is far-right base conservatives and ethno-state types,” said a Republican consultant who has worked extensively in Virginia politics, and asked to remain anonymous to protect professional relationships.
(Her husband, Lowell Putnam, a founder and the C.E.O.
Lastly, taxing capital gains and dividends as ordinary income would mean that individuals would pay taxes based on their income level; thus those of more modest means would pay less than the current 37 percent top rate and potentially less than the 23.8 percent capital gains and dividend rate now in effect.
The backlash against R. Kelly includes high-profile celebrities and everyday fans, as well as prosecutors in Atlanta and Chicago who are looking into the allegations and asking potential victims and witnesses to come forward.
That’s what really got me, because I grew up with that type of music, like the Beatles and such.
diagnosis, for example, who will decide whether he should stop playing?
Apple said the starting pay for workers assembling its products there was about $3.15 an hour.
But as the play progresses, the mood shifts and the assumptions it invites are turned on their heads.
“We were creating our own opportunities,” Nash Edgerton said in an interview.
Outside several tourist attractions, the group encountered members of Falun Gong, a religious practice outlawed in China.
A los líderes con mentalidad autócrata, en cambio, la política democrática les parece intolerablemente frustrante.
that ought not to be eradicated in the public mind.” Kaepernick did not burn a flag or even hold a proud fist aloft.
I often think — not with pleasure — that she has Princess Diana-like status as a celebrity.
I’m little Sander Bijl from Alkmaar; he’s aristocratic Jan Six from Amsterdam.” In the wake of Bijl’s accusation, Six revealed to me another piece of information that seemed to dwarf the spat between the art dealers.
I was going to take out this girl from a rock band, and she said she wanted some marijuana.
Unlike players in countries that host a Grand Slam and have a history of producing star players, he said, he had no Pete Sampras or Andre Agassi in front of him as role models and challenges.
However, the recent actions and behavior Mr. Trump has displayed in order to fund the wall is absolutely not justified.
In an interview on MSNBC, King himself explained.
It helped me in a structural, analytic sort of way, because I was forced to put together a narrative of trauma and abuse that I couldn’t even do for myself.
Now, visitors to the bothy, newly renovated and opened in 2017, can quietly commune with the memory of R. Robson and J. Proudlock, two local forestry workers who, 60 years ago, etched their names into the building’s cement window frame.
Assemblyman Daniel O’Donnell is a longtime Manhattan legislator with a solid record that includes helping pass the state’s landmark gay marriage law.
It’s a classic relief rally, writes Matt Phillips of the NYT: • “Stocks of companies that have reported their results have risen by an average of 1.1 percent, the largest post-earnings jump in a decade.” • “With the Federal Reserve backing off plans to aggressively hike interest rates, more investors view the market’s downturn last year as overdone.
“Ah, the strategy of losing by so much, you can’t get to your balls,” he told Ms. Pursell.
An international development worker in Washington is scrounging for babysitting gigs.
Como era de esperar, emplearon los conceptos económicos totalmente mal; eso está de más decirlo.
Por ejemplo, una razón por la cual más migrantes están cruzando la frontera a través del desierto, para luego solicitar asilo, puede ser que se les está rechazando de manera injusta en los cruces fronterizos oficiales o se les está obligando a permanecer de manera indefinida en México mientras se valoran sus solicitudes con una lentitud deliberada, en una táctica conocida como “dosificación”.
It persists because the math feels loosely sound: Since this nation’s founding, “White/Caucasian/European” has been its most sizable racial category.
It is one of many reasons the two men say they would not leave Australia for Silicon Valley.
A larger wave came after World War II, and by the 1970s, Puerto Ricans accounted for more than 10 percent of New York City’s population.
It’s just one of those things where hitters have to make an adjustment and we have to find a way.
This visit to Vietnam could go down in history as the moment it takes an important step forward.
A few minutes later when they spoke in the church courtyard, she invited him to an Easter brunch she had organized for friends the next day.
Brooks writes and rewrites a poem titled “Ambition” between 1930 and 1933, as she went from 13 to 16 years old, and Duncan uses it to illustrate the persistence, isolation and deep self-reflection that poetry required of Brooks.
It can be diagnosed with certainty only in the dead, but he and Kirstyn, now 46, intensely studied the research.
The pope’s speech included calls for greater education about other religions and peoples, a condemnation of “the seductions of materialism, hatred and prejudice” and the “fake news” that he suggested spread it.
And the other big news on Capitol Hill is the sweeping “Green New Deal” climate change resolution by Democrats.
Previous installments have focused on pets as wedding party members, unusual engagement rings, and marriage proposals.
A spokeswoman for the attorney general, Gurbir S. Grewal, had no comment.
She regards that book and “Women Rowing North” as “bookends”: “Just to have a positive message that’s counter-script is really important.”
These scholars offered a moderate path, where Uighurs could maintain religious and cultural practices without turning to extreme and isolationist ideas, said Rune Steenberg, a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Copenhagen.
Nearly a third of women aged 65 to 69 are now working, up from 15 percent in the late 1980s, according to recent analyses by the Harvard economists Claudia Goldin and Lawrence Katz.
Maggie breezed through, Peter breezed through, and then it turns out that I had not been entered into the system.
Yet he does not consider it a good investment because the car was due for a $22,000 service, which he would have had to pay had he kept it.
On Friday, soldiers were dispatched to the scene of the pipeline rupture in the municipality of Tlahuelilpan, yet did not cordon off the area.
Representative Ilhan Omar, who has been battling charges of anti-Semitism for weeks, apologized on Monday for insinuating that American support for Israel is fueled by money from a pro-Israel lobbying group — a comment that drew swift and unqualified condemnation from fellow Democrats, including Speaker Nancy Pelosi.
Maybe it’ll be a turning point for you and you’ll become a new person, unfettered by fear of confrontation!
Another favors leaving the bloc as planned on March 29 without a withdrawal agreement, a so-called hard Brexit.
There is still much to overcome.
has already been severely understaffed after years of depleted funding.
Sin embargo, el concepto de Estados Unidos como un país que rechaza a los inmigrantes y no es solidario con las minorías ya es una realidad.
“We know who we are and what we can do.” It was the first of 10 matches the United States will play before the World Cup.
Order!’ in that undrownoutable voice, something like an air-raid siren with postnasal drip.” Have you been keeping up with the headlines?
Mr. Burton, 46, choked back tears as he walked to a podium at the center of the courtroom after the ruling.
Or could a failed Trumpism spur a progressive backlash that restores our original Enlightenment values of science, facts and law?
Bishop Paul Hinder, the leader of the Apostolic Vicariate of Southern Arabia, which includes the United Arab Emirates and Yemen, said his bishops’ conference once discussed the complexities of reporting on an abusive priest in a country likely to impose the death penalty.
And it changes the way it changes.” Tracking the planetary magnetic field, she added, is more akin to forecasting the weather.
I’m going to repeal and replace your disastrous Obamacare.
Read her obituary and an appraisal by one of our theater critics, who says Ms. Channing was one of the reasons he was drawn to New York.
I feel like, from the side or in the dugout, this guy is throwing is so hard.
“We’ve seen the military’s attitude to the population and how they can behave.
Everyone in the car was stunned into silence.
Our correspondents examined the challenges he faces.
Many banks in London have protectively asked their clients to sign over derivatives contracts to new jurisdictions.
It’s followed by the 35th National Cowboy Poetry Gathering in Nevada later this month.
The “Good Morning America” appearance, Hart’s first live interview about the Oscars, was tense.
“They told us everybody is a suspect,” he said.
The bull merchant “does not reject the authority of the truth, as the liar does, and oppose himself to it.
And so I think that makes them a little bit more open to something that’s more idealistic, that’s more aspirational.
Mr. Monn charged the committee a total of $3.7 million, from which he paid subcontractors.
The cuts included all seven members of the BuzzFeed News national desk and six members of its nine-person national security team BuzzFeed’s revenue grew by more than 15 percent in 2018, but that gain wasn’t enough to stave off the decision by its founder, Jonah Peretti, to reduce the number of employees.
She is the daughter of Roberta J. Glusband and Steven J. Glusband of Manhattan.
I suspect that here Balanchine is telling us something about himself.
Also classical Indian music was influential to me.
Frontex, la agencia fronteriza de la Unión Europea, y los gobiernos nacionales crearon un aparato de seguridad al que a menudo se llama Fortaleza Europa.
“I’ve been lucky to never personally struggle with a diagnosis of anxiety or anything, but I am a teenager.
Midway through “The Haunting,” a character says he expected Mr. Miranda to be “busy rehearsing for his role in ‘Mary Poppins.’” (Mr. Miranda plays a London lamplighter in “Mary Poppins Returns,” the Disney sequel to the beloved 1964 movie-musical.)
How, according to Bernie Patterson, its chancellor, will the university respond?
But I love skiing, and the thought of plunging down the Himalayas, the world’s tallest mountains, fired me up.
More important, it spawns creativity and self-sufficiency.” She continues: “I’m bored.” It’s a puny little phrase, yet it has the power to fill parents with a cascade of dread, annoyance and guilt.
Is that all that’s left?
I think people use it to mean enlightened in a kind of moral way, or cognizant of how power works.
After the crowd’s welcoming applause died down, O’Brien joked, “Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen.
“Why can’t we go skiing in Austria like everybody else?” I laughed.
The festival that year included two masterpieces by Jean-Luc Godard (“Weekend” and “Two or Three Things I Know About Her”), Robert Bresson’s “Mouchette” and John Cassavetes’s “Faces,” along with first features by Jean-Marie Straub and Danièle Huillet; Werner Herzog; and new movies from Bernardo Bertolucci, Milos Forman, Miklos Jancso, Norman Mailer and Orson Welles.
“I said, ‘They can’t hit us on the head while we’re doing that.’ ” The committee held more demonstrations in the weeks that followed but could not stop the State Supreme Court from upholding the city’s ban later that spring.
As Sergeant Gorman and two officers entered the store, Christopher Ransom, 27, emerged from a back room, waving what was later discovered to be a fake pistol.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
Representative Jerrold Nadler, whose district includes parts of Brooklyn and Manhattan, denounced what he called a “total lack of urgency and concern” by the warden, Herman Quay, and jail management.
Over the past several years, the school has increased its offering of brand-name restaurants on campus relative to non-franchise options.
“Feelings are somewhat raw right now,” Senator Diane J. Savino, a Staten Island Democrat, said.
Each week in our newsletter, you’ll hear from college students and recent graduates about issues going on in their lives.
But Mr. Donnelly has a different take.
There are, of course, two other obvious reasons that Brady’s status in New England has been amplified, and they would probably bring him unbridled admiration in any pro sports community.
fined Mr. Musk last year for a tweet about taking Tesla private.)
As a result, while visitors will still be able to count on highlights like Picasso’s “Les Demoiselles d’Avignon” and van Gogh’s “The Starry Night,” they are also likely to be exposed to less familiar names, including Okwui Okpokwasili, an Igbo-Nigerian-American artist, performer and choreographer.
“Prop 47 has nothing to do with violent crime.” Even so, her research was challenged by law enforcement groups.
When — and even if — the discussions officially ended remains unclear, and Mr. Giuliani did not provide clarity.
“We’ve all gone to Art Basel in Switzerland together for the last eight years,” Ms. Harrelson said.
Then Punch, the online food and drink magazine, posted an article about the club.
FEMA resignation: Brock Long, the administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, has resigned after two years.
[END PLAYBACK] And he actually put a fairly menacing tone on it.
The same is true in life.
Fue tan exitoso con “las chicas”, como las llamaban —también conocidas simplemente como secretarias—, que los gerentes varones también quisieron inscribirse para aprender a contar calorías, respirar debidamente inflando globos y usar toallas para mantener la línea.
— Vidya Shenoi Madiraju Dear Diary: I was walking north on First Avenue when I decided to cross the street to look at the menu posted in a restaurant window.
More tennis wishes for 2019: ELIMINATE LETS ON SERVES A point or a tournament can already end with a net-cord winner during a rally when a groundstroke, volley or overhead hits the tape and trickles over.
So, even though most portrayals of Lorena made her seem like, in her words, “this crazy, jealous lady,” the Bobbitt trial did play a part in the laws changing.
Individually, these sins may not seem to deserve removal from office.
Women in power: There are now more women over the age of 50 in the U.S. than at any other point in history — and they’re becoming more visible and powerful, our gender editor writes.
The fashion designer and author of the new memoir “I.M.” likes his literature “sort of plain”: “Style is suspicious to me in general.
Beyond his regal poise, he projects a sense of wildness under control.
The impoverished Islamic republic is covered mostly by desert.
Now he can say nothing about that travesty.
hearing on lead contamination in East Chicago, Ind., was canceled.
Now well over a century old, it still makes for effective theater.
No obstante, en Venezuela ha sido el resultado de dos décadas de pésima gestión económica, despilfarro del gasto público, deuda gubernamental a pesar de las ganancias extraordinarias e históricas del petróleo y corrupción épica.
It began with a political jest and culminated in a shocking prison sentence.
The 2,953 students in the Somers school district, all Somers residents, attend Primrose Elementary for kindergarten through second grade, Somers Intermediate for Grades 3 through 5, Somers Middle for Grades 6 through 8, and Somers High School.
He said he would move forward with distributing the reward money to the anonymous tipster should the person claim it.
On Thursday, Airbus declined to comment on those talks.
In the lawsuit, filed in a California State Court in Los Angeles, Mr. Asher claims that Ms. Oliver and her organization never properly investigated the complaints against him and ignored exonerating evidence.
In China, the C.C.P.’s hold on power today isn’t based on popular elections or the rule of law, and the party can no longer appeal to the superiority of communism as a holistic political theory.
“Several things are in play here,” Mr. Sheehan said.
Two years ago, Michael Cohen was reviled as a liar and a Donald Trump minion who was not to be believed.
Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.
FIRST SATURDAYS FOR FAMILIES: INTERTWINED FORMS at the New Museum (March 2, 10 a.m.-noon).
Both Mr. Trump and his top trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer, have said that the March 2 deadline is a firm date and that the United States will not extend the timeline, which Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi agreed upon during a dinner in Buenos Aires last year.
The show was just renewed for a 10th season.
In more affluent households, vessels made of copper and stone can serve as the weighty centerpiece of a bathroom masquerading as a sybaritic temple.
Rioters had set Miami on fire.
“There are preparations underway,” Koji Tsuruoka, Japan’s ambassador to Britain, told the BBC on Friday, adding that Japanese companies were prepared for “all contingencies.” If Britain leaves the European Union with no deal, it could wreak havoc on just-in-time manufacturing that relies on goods crossing the British border from France and arriving at factories within minutes of final assembly.
Chabon offers a glimpse at his influences in this compilation of previously published odds and ends.
My colleagues Astead Herndon and Monika Evstatieva went to South Carolina with the Harris campaign.
“Ma’am the reason I asked you for your ID is I came in here and I saw you guys are speaking Spanish, which is very unheard of up here,” the agent said, looking into the camera.
He competes with friends to see who can walk the most.
The photo of him starts to ricochet around our race-haunted land.
Having handed in the manuscript, he faced the what-to-do-now problem.
They work in silence, assembling and adjusting watches at their desks, which are customized by the traditional woodworking business Iwayado Tansu in Iwate and finished with an urushi lacquer.
Whether they live in red or blue America, they often use the same terms and embody the same values — deep hospitality, showing up for people and keep showing up.
Self-identification is not the same as identity, and some classes of description now may be closer to metaphor.
• Tensión en India y Pakistán.
The classic example of a government that repaid a large debt with relative ease is the American government after World War II, as my colleague Paul Krugman writes in a piece on Blanchard’s address.
Just getting there is hard.
Creo que en nuestras cárceles, si no eres un criminal cuando entras, lo eres cuando sales.
“I listened to the score before we went out to make the presentation,” he told Grantland.
In Argentina, judges play a fact-finding role in criminal investigations.
“Trump is someone who takes names.
Alabama and college football, in general, have become symbols of pride in the New South.
“The ELN is and has been a criminal machine of kidnappings and attacks,” he said.
In youth group meetings, he strummed his guitar, golden curls falling in his face as he sang that his God was an awesome God.
), a national conservative student activist organization.
The Lakers were cagey about James’s status for the game, listing him as “doubtful” and not announcing his participation until an hour and a half before game time despite widespread suspicion he would play.
After spending the next two months “deeply depressed,” the junior senator from New York experienced what she called the most inspiring day of her political life: the women’s march.
Because walls work.” Where the D’Alesandros saw the downtrodden and immigrants as people to weave into the American dream, the Trumps saw suckers to squeeze.
You’re sitting in an office alone with nothing to do, and you’re abusing yourself with the rotting meat-fountain of Twitter?
“When boys and men challenge patriarchal constructions of gender, they’re at risk of being perceived as failures, or as weak,” she said.
I printed out every email.
“They are bold, and they are loud, and they have the ability to amplify their mission and message better than any other organization in the space,” said Amy Baer, the president of Women in Film.
Virginia Woolf had a complex, fascinating relationship with Sigmund Freud, who introduced her to the idea of ambivalence, and gave her a narcissus as a gift.
A misconception of some investors is that they’ve already diversified their portfolio with real estate because they own a house and perhaps a vacation rental, said Mr. Jones, of the Neuberger Berman fund.
In this book, Sanders covers the two years since he ran for president in 2016.
But the declaration confounded many in the region who interpreted the president’s orders as the definition of a retreat.
In 2013, she was asked to give the keynote address at the inaugural meeting of OpenVis, a conference that focuses on open-source data visualization tools and techniques and attracts people from a variety of fields.
Let’s see what happens today.” Fullback Ormond Simkins wore heavy knee braces as he battered into the line.
The rapper, whose legal name is Daniel Hernandez, admitted at a federal court hearing in Manhattan on Jan. 23 to being a member of the Nine Trey Gangsta Bloods, and said he had helped other gang members rob people at gunpoint.
But China is clearly willing to make the sacrifice, said Yun Sun, an analyst at the Stimson Center in Washington.
Strutting five abreast down Rodeo Drive, as though posing for an album cover, the members of the ring imagine themselves as stars in their own movie (too bad for them that a surveillance camera provided their onscreen debuts).
If you look at China, it’s flatlined.
“This is a must-see opera, with three extraordinary singers who are all in their prime,” Renée Fleming said.
In rare cases, the harm from a privacy violation may be clear, such as losing a job, money or sense of safety.
Some may be taken aback by McLarin’s forceful frankness, as she contemplates suicide in “Eshu Finds Work,” or concocts the ideal retribution for one of the many wrongs she’s suffered in “A Case for the Selective, Targeted, Nonviolent Act of Revenge.” But black women’s truth, in chorus or solo, is best vocalized without restraint.
Childhood, and its contusions, are also the governing preoccupations of the Argentine writer Samanta Schweblin.
Hollywood trade publications have reported that the studio is preparing other female-led projects, including a Black Widow movie, starring Johansson and directed by Cate Shortland (“Lore”), and a film adaptation of the Eternals, directed by Chloé Zhao (“The Rider”).
Pecker is up to his slimy neck in politically motivated messes.
The research indicates men regularly exhibit overconfidence in their ability.
As the leader of a country with fewer than nine million people, however, Mr. Kurz can do little to head off a trans-Atlantic trade war.
(If she works elsewhere, call her.)
The window of opportunity is limited, though.
The idea was to sell the rights to a major distributor.
[Si quieres recibir las noticias y reportajes de The New York Times en Español en tu correo, suscríbete aquí a El Times] PEKÍN — Las autoridades dijeron que era una revisión médica gratuita.
Songbun, while a clear component of the police-state apparatus, has historically been tethered to the North’s traditional centrally planned economy.
“If you needed somebody to talk to somebody, you asked Beto,” a neighbor, Yuval Adler, recalled.
“The common goal was to rescue these human remains,” Dr. Starbuck said of the dig that was complicated by a snowstorm, “and also maybe to try to learn something about them.” A Lake George official said the town is looking at ways to acquire the Courtland Street site, with an eye toward preserving it.
Igual que ahora, todos estaban hartos de la guerra y los gobernantes del país eran unos delincuentes; los talibanes acababan de surgir y todos pensaban que eran buenas personas y todo cambiaría.
Snapshot: Above, icebiking and icechairing — poling along while seated — are wintertime passions in northern China.
Cameroon borders Nigeria, where Boko Haram has begun ramping up attacks after terrorizing the northeastern part of that country in recent years, and it shares a frontier with the Central African Republic, where armed groups have been locked in religious and communal fighting since 2013.
), my last name felt like an accessory.
“You shouldn’t just buy a troll,” she said.
For more than a year, the president has made clear his desire to bring troops home, saying they were sent to fight the Islamic State and that their mission has nearly been completed.
En un típico caso judicial, después de una condena el proceso penal procede mucho más lento mientras ambos lados se esperan que se dicte la sentencia o preparan una apelación.
He graduated from Eastern High School, then worked in a blast furnace unit at Ford Motor Company’s River Rouge foundry and as a Postal Service clerk and letter carrier.
And there is a lot of Iowa in Mr. Snyder, an Everyman designer whose work consistently draws on a vocabulary rooted in elements of American sportswear and work wear, on sweatshirts and varsity jackets, on bombers and car coats, on toggle-buttoned duffels and buffalo plaids, all of it filtered through the eyes of a stealth sophisticate.
Often they felt an unspoken greater mission to break the constraints society placed on their race.” The project was created in partnership with Past Tense, a new team at The Times that is delving into our archives to bring to life compelling stories from our past.
In France, School Lessons Ask: Which Twitter Post Should You Trust?
En esta entrevista, la cantautora pop y compositora de teatro musical indica cuáles de las muchas versiones son sus cinco favoritas [en inglés].
Follow NYT Food on Twitter and NYT Cooking on Instagram, Facebook and Pinterest.
A nivel doméstico, la hiperinflación llevó al presidente a intentar hacer cambios al bolívar, que ha ido perdiendo valor.
“Every nationals is a challenge, so I’m glad I skated the way I did.” Chen earned 15.4 points just for his quad flip, which looked effortless.
Ante esta conclusión, un lector destacó que “el colegio y el trabajo son mundos muy distintos” y por tanto no debe tratarse de “desincentivar el trabajo arduo y la disciplina en las niñas, sino recordarles que esa es solo una parte muy pequeña del rompecabezas”.
She said that friends of friends who were conservative Catholics read her article in Klub Jagiellonski.
They make it out of fire hose material.” You have a full beard and mustache under that face mask.
However, it’s not just a matter of comfort.
Nothing is agreed until everything is agreed, and ‘everything’ must include an intra-Afghan dialogue and comprehensive cease-fire,” he said.
I also love Chanel fragrances — they’re beautiful and elegant.
I am here under oath to correct the record, to answer the committee’s questions truthfully and to offer the American people what I know about President Trump.
Obviously Ms. Harris does not have anything locked down.
Their voters had been telling them for years that they really didn’t like Obamacare and they wanted it to go away.
My people say that a poor maid does not reject the embrace of a wealthy prince because of bad breath.
Partly because she does not bother to try to make Chela sympathetic or likable, she succeeds in making her interesting.
It’s clear from census data that regional inequality contributes very little to total inequality.
That came to an end this week at 96, as Jonas died in his home, after months of treatment for a debilitating blood disorder.
At the beginning, the mission was a dash, with the scientists trying to squeeze out as much data as they could before Spirit and Opportunity died.
In an OpEd, a student at Stoneman Douglas asks, “Would Congress care more if Parkland had been a plane crash?” _____ 7.
Herring, the attorney general elected in 2013, provided some more: He said that he, too, had once worn blackface.
For the 2020 election, her group, Vote.org, plans to spend millions of dollars on billboards.
President Trump discusses pulling out of NATO, Britain’s Parliament is set to hold a momentous Brexit vote, and American airports are feeling the government shutdown.
That’s not a criticism of Mr. Stanley’s acting.
“Hey, it’s not Zabar’s, and it’s a little overpriced,” said one former inmate, Lawrence Dressler, 52.
daybreaker.com/city/nyc/ [Check out our Culture Calendar here.]
Despite the name, the complex is not owned by Mr. Trump, and the various buildings are run by distinct entities.
Los funcionarios de la policía señalaron que el dispositivo ha marcado el rumbo de las investigaciones en cientos de casos, ha ayudado a conseguir arrestos y a exonerar a individuos falsamente acusados.
(Like most of America’s wars, this conflict is continuing, but many people have stopped paying attention.)
But seeing her accept her own achievement award was a reminder that it’s not just TV that’s an afterthought but maybe laughter, too.
El presidente venezolano Nicolás Maduro intentó levantar el ánimo de la audiencia sin éxito: su mezcla de eslóganes no lograron hacernos olvidar el saqueo al que ha sometido a su país; tampoco lo ayudó su falta de carisma, especialmente en comparación con su predecesor, Hugo Chávez.
She was with the scientists on the night of Opportunity’s landing.
Several groups that have sponsored the march in the past, including Naral and the Southern Poverty Law Center, are also gone from its public list of backers.
An exit deal negotiated by Prime Minister Theresa May was rejected by an overwhelming 230-vote margin last month.
That pressure must remain consistent throughout the process, which could take hours for complex patterns.
Landscape photographs are everywhere, thanks to Instagram, providing proof that wilderness still exists, although it may be outnumbered by its portraits.
“We’ve really gone somewhere irrational, out of fear of shocking or provoking.
Le preguntó a Lorena si eso le parecía bien.
What happens when children are abandoned?
Both have also written tweets with distinctly anti-Semitic undertones.
[Read: Roger Federer struggles with Serena Williams’s serve.
A photo display of paintings on rocks from Chad and Algeria dating back thousands of years.
The show’s hero is Mike Kelley, who died in 2012.
¿Qué nos dice que una tasa de interés de solo el 2,4 por ciento, el nivel al que se quedó la tasa estadounidense después de ese aumento decembrino, sea suficiente para dejar a la economía al borde del derrumbe?
The emails, from 2017, suggested the producer had meddled in the actress’s case.
Dina Katabi, a professor at M.I.T.
Mr. Harris had a 905-vote lead over his Democratic opponent, Dan McCready, when state officials refused to certify his victory because of concerns about fraud.
Then Mr. Rogers hit Mr. Bogle with his opening line: He really wanted Ms. Hobson to meet a legend like Mr. Bogle because she was going to be president of Ariel by the time she was 30.
And I’m happy to answer the committee’s questions.
They spent $13,000 of their savings on a polishing machine, a fortune for most Chinese at the time.
Asked on the plane home about conservative criticism that he had been Pollyannaish in his approach to the Middle East and been taken advantage of by the Muslim sheikhs, Francis joked, “Not only the Muslims,” and noted that his critics felt he had been manipulated by just about everyone.
“For 1989 that was standard practice for the N.Y.P.D., but now we know better.” The prosecutors who handled Mr. Burton’s case are no longer at the district attorney’s office, Ms. Clark said.
(“You know how many times rats almost ended civilization?” Hays asks, in a tangent about vermin.
“But I kept myself detached from my emotions.
That might require a name change.
609 Eighth Avenue (40th Street), Midtown West; 212-994-2711; jollibeeusa.com; and 62-29 Roosevelt Avenue (63rd Street), Woodside, Queens; 718-426-4445; jollibeeusa.com Follow NYT Food on Twitter and NYT Cooking on Instagram, Facebook and Pinterest.
Many Republicans were clearly uneasy with the president’s action, but few were ready to declare their support for legislation overturning it.
“It is critical to fund the F.B.I.
At the time, Mr. Lee was living in Hong Kong.
Instead, the lawyers tangled with a team of prosecutors, including a little known but formidable adversary: Andrew D. Goldstein, 44, a former Time magazine reporter who is now a lead prosecutor for Mr. Mueller in the investigation into whether the president obstructed justice.
And the Super Bowl, you know, is his third-favorite bowl right behind taco and toilet.” — JIMMY KIMMEL “A hummus brand in England called MeToo!
The city assessed the spot in a bustling retail hub right off Highway 41 at $13.6 million.
Local officials claimed that the Taliban also suffered casualties, but they did not provide exact figures.
The first sign that a verdict had been reached came just after noon when Melonie Clarke, Judge Brian M. Cogan’s deputy, entered the eighth-floor courtroom to tell the defense and prosecution that jurors had just sent out a note saying they had come to a decision.
The producers did not announce casting for the Boston production.
That includes experts who, as they now admit, could have known better.
They linger in a jail cell once used to hold Indian independence fighters.
Her honesty and humanity will strip the bark right off you.
The sailors killed were from India and Turkey, the reports said, with 12 survivors jumping into the water.
How has India’s governing Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) reacted to the news of the women entering the temple?
Damp all day with a high of 46.
Mr. Assad is determined to retake control of all of Syria, grinding out victory after nearly eight years of civil war; Moscow is concerned about foreign fighters from its neighbors in Central Asia taking root in Idlib.
I put this question to Leo Mazzone, the former pitching coach for the Atlanta Braves and the custodian of one of baseball’s greatest rotations of starting pitchers: Greg Maddux, John Smoltz and Tom Glavine, Hall of Famers all.
Last year, Jonathan Greenberg, a former reporter for Forbes, recounted in The Washington Post that back in the 1980s, long before Mr. Cohen entered the picture, Mr. Trump had called him pretending to be John Barron, a supposed spokesman for Donald Trump, to get himself on the magazine’s list of the richest Americans.
If that happens, it’s quite possible that his approval rating will begin to drift below 40 percent — and the bad news will then feed on itself.
“They are really my words that capture how I feel about certain things, and the fact that it is going to be in a play was interesting, intriguing, exciting even.” Mr. Ricci, on the other hand, hasn’t yet seen the play.
“This book has blues, it has rock ‘n’ roll,” Ms. Williams said.
KANDAHAR, Afghanistan — Afghan border security troops were asleep inside their remote post in southern Afghanistan early Friday when a Taliban infiltrator climbed a guard tower.
Phillip A. Jackson, the vicar of the Episcopal parish of Trinity Church Wall Street.
You can also join me on Twitter (@DLeonhardt) and Facebook.
But if I step back and look back over my time running, three injuries in 13 years doesn’t seem like all that terrible of a trade.
She was Amazon’s first accountant and was involved in its transformation from a small online bookseller to the e-commerce behemoth it is today, the second company in American history to be valued at over a trillion dollars.
In their first year, the rebels have some failures — — and they have some successes.
The downpour pushed the nearby Ross River Dam to almost 250 percent of its capacity, forcing the floodgates open as officials instructed people to move to higher ground.
Then he became fascinated with Gould’s “Birds of Great Britain” an ornithological plate book that contains a series of spectacular plates, colored by hand, plunking down $100,000.
You wrote that PG&E spent more lobbying in Sacramento in the first nine months of 2018 than the top spender in all of 2017.
After becoming editor of Swing Journal in 1967, Mr. Koyama quickly converted the publication from a tabloid that relied heavily on articles from wire services and pieces adapted from English-language publications into a source of first-class music criticism and reportage.
First, sharing government secrets is generally legal.
“The increase in the number of crimes reported to the security forces these past years can be tied at least in part to an improvement in the rate of complaints filed,” the report said, noting that the willingness of victims to come forward had been “amplified” by the accusations of abuse against the Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein and by the associated #MeToo movement.
Tampoco ha podido separarse de manera permanente y definitiva de las tendencias autoritarias de su pasado, ni ha dejado de ser presa de algunos intereses transnacionales que la han expoliado.
I enjoyed researching this puzzle and learned a lot of (spoiler alert) new tongue twisters along the way.
Because loneliness, like mindfulness, is a subjective state, it’s difficult to make definitive conclusions about why and how a focus on acceptance prompted greater sociability.
“Si es un mal día, solo me siento en el sillón reclinable y no voy a ninguna parte”, confesó Roaf.
Depicting the “unbothered” Lucy of Ms. Williams’s poems in ballet was a challenge.
(For the “Waldstein,” he substituted a short, stark Adagio that serves almost as a transition between two monumental outer movements.)
commissioner, as a consultant for the deal.
While there is technically a payoff of higher-paying jobs, not all parents aspire for their child to become a “success” via a high-paying career.
The weight gain tipped Mr. Trump’s body mass index up to 30.4.
La crisis en Venezuela ha creado un punto muerto insostenible, un país con dos presidentes.
A medida que Saturno gira, sus vibraciones internas inscriben marcas reveladoras en sus anillos; estudiar esas marcas ahora se conoce con el término “cronosismología”, de Kronos, el nombre griego para Saturno, y seísmo, para temblores y vibraciones.
It is true that politicians must make concessions to get the support of key interest groups.
But open us back up.
His lawyer, Lisa E. Davis, said in an email that the “unsubstantiated allegations are patently false.” “He vehemently denies ever having assaulted anyone and looks forward to clearing his name,” Ms. Davis said.
They are Louis H. and Charles Douglass and Mrs. Sprague.
The Kremlin expects wealthy businessmen to respond to its policies with what it defines as patriotism — and to resist has been disastrous, financially and personally, for some.
— How Do You Think Technology Affects Dating?
To contact the newsroom regarding correction requests, complaints or other comments about our coverage, please email nytnews@nytimes.com or call 1-844-NYT-NEWS (1-844-698-6397).
He came to the United States in 2001, following his brother, studied law, and then spent years working with the U.S. military in a linguistics recruitment program.
(Lacroix was sold in 2005.)
Jill Cowan grew up in Orange County, went to school at U.C.
Although he speaks decent-enough English, he opted to communicate by means of an interpreter, Shahram Ruzbehan, a burly Iranian expatriate in a gray tweed flat cap, who sat across from us.
Dutch pancakes, Polish pierogi and German liverwurst will elicit the same enthusiastic response from them.
The lawsuit says some Sackler family members directed years of efforts to mislead doctors and patients about the dangers of OxyContin, which has generated enormous profits while more than 200,000 people in the United States have died from overdoses related to prescription opioids.
Digital forensics takes time, and a single device could easily hold many thousands of messages to sift through.
Mr. Garris, now a church pastor, said black people were not welcome in certain communities in the county, and needed to be cautious around white people.
The egg’s fans have passed the population of Canada.
President, please don’t characterize the strength that I bring to this meeting as the leader of the House Democrats.” That round, too, went to Ms. Pelosi, according to political analysts.
game in 1989 was up to $75,000.
transcript 1950: The Korean War begins.
[Read more about the investigation that found “a culture of misconduct” at a Nycha complex.]
— a noisy band of temperance advocates marched by hoisting signs that stated, “Gin is Sin!” As my 9-year-old daughter watched them pass, her forehead knitted, and then she looked up at me with solemn hazel eyes.
First of all, where Reagan was unpopular because of a weak economy, Trump is unpopular despite a strong economy.
He recalled, for example, being about 5 when he took apart a waterlogged quartz watch and replaced its face with a photograph of himself.
Populations of rare alpine water skinks and broad-toothed rats are declining as the brumbies degrade their habitats.
There is fighting, which cannot be avoided living in such close quarters, but it can be somewhat policed, he said.
But research mathematicians frequently suggest that their work is closer to poetry or painting than other sciences, a concept perhaps best-illustrated by an XKCD cartoon bearing the legend “Fields Arranged by Purity,” with physicists claiming dominion over chemists, biologists, psychologists and sociologists, all spaced the same width apart (“it’s nice to be on top”) until the figure representing the mathematicians, far off in the distance, turns to notice the cluster to her left.
I like that she’s straight up and tells you exactly what you need to do.
Senior Russian officials on Wednesday put their new cruise missile on display for a foreign audience for the first time, in an attempt to rebut American accusations that the weapon violates a key nuclear arms accord.
The novel’s title derives from the shopkeeper’s ability to replicate and even improve any item Frobisher brings in.
If you can find them, they’re lined up in a window to one side of the pizza station and sold by employees who seem to know little about them.
But officials are now moving to nearly double the capacity of a similar facility in Florida.
The government has restarted moral education classes at schools to teach children family values and good deeds.
But an orderly withdrawal of NATO forces can be organized and executed before the year is out and more lives are lost to a lost cause.
The bankruptcy hearing, scheduled for Tuesday morning in White Plains, was delayed by three hours, while the two sides talked.
Given that, in many parts of the country, not being able to drive can lead to isolation and a host of other real problems, should those people have to give up their cars?
The turnout has been trending downward for weeks, but a majority of French people say they still support the Yellow Vest movement, even as Mr. Macron’s popularity has been creeping back up.
A new study warns that the ice sheet covering the massive island, which lies mainly above the Arctic Circle, is melting at such an accelerated rate that it may become “a major contributor to sea level rise” around the world within two decades.
It was the recurring bathroom art from “Russian Doll” come, disturbingly, to life.
Standardization also creates losers, and it can be very costly to invest in the losing side of “standards wars” like VHS versus Betamax, or Blu-ray versus HD DVD.
Parker knew he had lost his best chance to become fit, which is right after retirement, but he tried to catch up.
Testimony from Mr. Guzman’s trial has detailed his systems of transporting drugs on sea vessels, in the bedding of trucks and even hidden in cans of chili peppers.
Four, with two bedrooms and two baths, have been renovated and are market rate, and two are not renovated, rent-stabilized railroad apartments with one bedroom.
“La gente había perdido la fe”, dijo María Amelia da Silva, de 54 años, en una de las reuniones que los legisladores de oposición realizaron en los últimos días para promover su plan.
Además, las armas biológicas son difíciles de detectar, rastrear y contener.
He agonized over a 1997 commando mission against the Iran-backed Lebanese militant group Hezbollah in which three men were killed in an ambush, according to a 2002 profile.
But criminals do stupid things.” Of the dozens of cheek swabs that officers in Bucks County collect each week, three to five are selected for Rapid DNA processing.
“The mines are our problem, the reason for the miserable situation we are suffering,” he said.
“Youth voices are too often left out of the discussion when it comes to climate change,” said Jake Woodier, a member of the UK Youth Climate Coalition, a nonprofit youth organization that works to mobilize positive action on climate change.
Stephanie St. Clair, known as Madame Queen, was one of the only women to run a successful numbers game in Harlem in the 1920s and 1930s, and became both an activist and major black employer.
“Es menos probable que los jóvenes que reciben una buena educación en materia de sexualidad y relaciones tengan sexo antes de tiempo; también es mucho menos probable que se contagien de alguna enfermedad de transmisión sexual”, comentó.
— Katrina Schmidt He popped up.
He said now, “America has confronted the ugly reality of radical Islamism.” “We grossly underestimated the tenacity and viciousness of radical Islamism, a debauched strain of the faith that seeks to upend every other form of worship or governance.” Mr. Obama tried to walk a line between promoting democracy and supporting authoritarian leaders.
In September, he was sentenced to 10 months in prison for physically assaulting four athletes, including Ms. Shim, between 2011 and the preparations for the Pyeongchang Games.
Randall, who has a port implanted in her chest to continue receiving injections of the drug Herceptin, wants to promote physical activity during treatment.
I slowly began adapting to my new life.
For young people especially who struggled in a tough economy, Bitcoin seemed an alluring alternative to just making ends meet.
This week, it emerged that Mr. Trump has repeatedly withheld details of his conversations with the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, from his own aides, even taking notes from an interpreter who attended one of their meetings.
FT. $162,000 approximate annual rent 48 West Eighth Street (between Macdougal Street and Avenue of the Americas) Manhattan Frevo, a new French restaurant, has taken a lease for 10 years and five months in this five-story Greenwich Village walk-up.
• People in El Paso told us what they thought about the president’s view of their city.
If the consumer wins, the judge could order the automaker to pay the consumer’s bills.
For the humans, the decision is in the details.
The stock has gained 7.7 percent since then.
“The fact that that group exists and was so heavily engaged periodically throughout the 14 months was a major contributor for how well things have rolled out at the state level,” Mr. Moret said in a recent interview.
But paying athletes would distort the economics of college sports in a way that would hurt the broader community of student-athletes, universities, fans and alumni.
Read it a hundred times: It will forever keep its freshness as a petal keeps its fragrance.
Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Democrat of New York, said that the federal government, through the National Institutes of Health, was an “early investor” in the science that underlies many new drugs.
• The choice of Vietnam’s capital, Hanoi, as the site of the Kim-Trump meeting is no coincidence: It is a bustling symbol of how a country that once fought the United States can become a fast-growing economy, even while retaining a heavy dose of authoritarian rule.
At first many wondered if they had hit it.
In 2017, before his first address in front of a joint session of Congress, Mr. Trump grew frustrated when he realized he was reading off an old draft and that the latest revisions had not been incorporated into the text that he had been practicing.
Otherwise, the tires can quickly lose what little grip they have.
And with the Social Security Act of 1935, Franklin Roosevelt secured much of what his distant cousin Theodore had been striving for: old-age insurance, unemployment insurance, aid to families with dependent children, and support for the disabled.
On the other side of the issue, 18 states have laws that could be used to restrict the legality of abortion in the event that Roe was overturned.
“He was a guest in our House chamber, and we treated him with more respect than he treated us,” she told fellow lawmakers, according to a Democratic aide in the room who was not authorized to discuss the private session publicly.
“We are both very fortunate.
In so many domains, life is improving across the world.
I have long questioned the notion that we black people should expend energy on being anti-fur.
As the fortunes of women’s soccer have risen, those of the Belles have ebbed.
FORT DODGE, Iowa — The coffee crew at Zakeer’s still likes Steve King.
Honestly, I would take the White House janitor over Mr. Trump at this stage of the game.
The program, which was created in 2001 and went online five years later, was sponsored by the Republican leader in the State Senate and was approved with strong bipartisan support.
But her name was not.
In 1945 he married Cesia Pomeranc, whom he had met during the war, when she was part of a different Jewish partisan group.
“She’s singing, and people are busing tables around her — it’s so indicative of what is beautiful and unwieldy about New York City, where there is all this talent tucked into every corner.” The first time Alba Reche was able to choose her own song on “Operación Triunfo,” a televised singing competition in Spain, she picked “She Used to Be Mine.” “It was easy to see myself reflected in her words,” she said in a telephone interview.
It all happens at once.
Williams’s ire over the penalty, which she felt was akin to calling her a cheater, set off a series of penalties that overshadowed the match, which was won by Osaka.
“Estás afectando la composición de estos ecosistemas”.
Like many residents, the couple bridged the two most distinctive — some would say clashing — features of the Suffolk County community: historic homes concentrated near a quaint retail area on Main Street, and a big, Brutalist campus a mile east.
(Reuters) • Eric Salama, the chief executive of the marketing firm Kantar, is recovering after being stabbed in an attempted carjacking in London.
“I learned that if you’re doing a false-flag conservative page for a liberal donor, there are limits,” he said.
Through network effects, in which the very popularity of a service ensures that it keeps getting more popular, and unprecedented economies of scale — in which Amazon can make Alexa once and have it work everywhere, for everyone — tech instills a winner-take-all dynamic across much of the economy.
And it’s true that scads of the filthy rich got that way through theft, exploitation and the subtler corruption of anti-competitive rules in politically rigged markets.
After Iowa and New Hampshire, the race moves to potentially favorable terrain for Ms. Harris: Nevada, which borders California and has a large Latino population, then South Carolina.
With the attack on the Syrian restaurant, the world was again reminded of the group’s ability to carry out deadly attacks.
They point out that some automation helps workers by improving productivity and freeing them to focus on creative tasks over routine ones.
CARAMANICA Miley Cyrus has never won a Grammy.
Mr. Cohen was a frequent cable news presence during the 2016 campaign in support of Mr. Trump.
For those on the border, a sense of urgency prevailed.
And now workers are giving up.
It remains up more than 5 percent.
Oct. 4, 1994 Sept. 17, 1995 April 4, 2000 2000 season In his senior year, Brees leads Purdue to last-minute upsets over Ohio State and Michigan, helping the Boilermakers clinch their first Big Ten title in more than 30 years.
But the frenzy of natural gas drilling in shale fields created a domestic glut, and the facility has been dormant for the last eight years.
If Mr. Mueller was improperly appointed, they said, the subpoena was invalid.
Fifteen minutes later, though, the place transforms — brimming with children (some as young as 4) and a handful of adults, each of them here for one-on-one classical instruction with some of New York’s most promising musicians.
He was sitting diagonally across the table from me, but we didn’t look at each other.
It ran up deficits every year and has hundreds of millions of dollars of debt resulting from the purchase of the building.
Programs, though, aren’t extras; never mind what the British have decided, with their practice of charging for them.
Unlike Gropius’s Bauhaus building, which rises from a flattened landscape and makes a show of a long glass curtain-walled facade, the ADGB Trade Union School is built into a hillside, its various rooms and functions disaggregated into a series of connected buildings of diminishing height: more a complex than a single structure, incomprehensible at any particular moment or angle.
“He wants the sanctions off,” he said.
In the video, Cardi B reminds viewers, “It’s been a little bit over three weeks.
The Mortgage Bankers Association believes that United States home-loan originations declined by a little over 5 percent last year to $1.6 trillion.
He used the name Abu Jihad, or “Father of Jihad,” she said.
In a 7-2 vote, the Justices struck down a Texas statute banning abortion, effectively legalizing abortion across the country.
Programmers were “often egocentric, slightly neurotic,” as Richard Brandon, a well-known computer-industry analyst, put it in an address at a 1968 conference, adding that “the incidence of beards, sandals and other symptoms of rugged individualism or nonconformity are notably greater among this demographic.” In addition to testing for logical thinking, as in Mary Allen Wilkes’s day, companies began using personality tests to select specifically for these sorts of caustic loner qualities.
You would find yourself, well, online.
But my idea of the best bath is by no means definitive.
But the real answer is that big-business Republicans like Paul Ryan blocked action in the last Congress.
La frontera se ha convertido en uno de los principales puntos de estancamiento en las negociaciones del brexit.
“Es útil que la doctora esté tan cerca, porque el traslado sería un problema”, me dijo Fernández.
But he gradually realized that the bizarre objects were real and needed further scientific attention.
Asked to work without pay during a partial government shutdown, one of every 13 airport screeners in the U.S. is now failing to show up, and the country’s airports are beginning to groan.
Hexes and jinxes, maledictions, imprecations, anathema, damnation, fukú.
In the months after her 16-year-old son killed himself in 2017, Li began writing this new novel.
​To read past essays, check out this page.
“Capital T, capital B.” He brought up the doctrines of human dignity and the Ten Commandments.
Well, that got Mr. Bush thinking.
“The storm was a passing shower compared to what we have survived here.” Today numbering some 250 families, Vietnam began like many barrios in Puerto Rico.
The company is publicly held but still controlled by the family.)
Una propuesta más drástica recurre a campos de energía antigravitacional exótica.
Want more Australia coverage and discussion?
How to hold a healthy grudge.
The 40-year-old Kuchar sometimes comes to Hawaii with his wife and two children even when he is not playing golf.
Jakiw Palij, a former Nazi concentration camp guard who lived for decades in New York City and resisted deportation for 14 years, died on Thursday in a retirement facility in Ahlen, Germany.
Year after year he wrote song after song, show after show.
No one should go through that.” She added: “It haunts me.
When oil prices took a dive, the upstarts experimented.
Before the strike, Mr. Garcetti had largely shied away from involvement with the public schools, but with the national spotlight on the strike and the mayor considering a presidential bid in 2020, he appeared eager to get involved during the past week.
The film’s budget reportedly reached nearly $50 million, modest by Hollywood standards but still significant here in China.
They were too busy chatting about the intrigue of the pop-up inside.
The request alarmed several Pentagon officials including Jim Mattis, then the defense secretary.
“I don’t think that he would have invited us if he was not remorseful,” said Dr. Charles Steele Jr., the president of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, who had previously called for Mr. Northam’s resignation but met with the governor on Wednesday at the Executive Mansion.
Ms. Hua also brushed aside the call for clemency.
Dan Savage (@fakedansavage) is a nationally syndicated sex advice columnist and The Stranger’s editorial director.
On Thursday, as the most recent shutdown approached the 21-day mark, Mr. Trump was grudgingly coaxed from the White House.
“The more specific your complaint, the more likely it is to be understood,” he writes.
The morning began with dozens of advocates crowded into a conference room on the first floor of the Capitol, with more spilling into the hallway, for what is typically a desolate meeting of the Senate elections committee.
Mindful of the trend, Gimlet hired Jenny Wall, a former Hulu and Netflix executive, as chief marketing officer, to help the company better navigate Hollywood.
Dana Martin, 31, identified by advocacy groups as a black transgender woman, was found shot to death in a vehicle in Montgomery, Ala., on Sunday.
Sign up for his newsletter.]
Her mother, Rosa Lee (Lawry) Weller, was something of a role model.
Sounds as if maybe she took her children to the set and maybe you did not.
Mr. Smollett is charged by the Cook County State’s Attorney’s Office with a felony disorderly conduct charge in connection with the police report he filed.
Daphne’s new love interest is another neighbor, Jeremy, a lanky 25-year-old actor with a steady gig playing a high school student on “Riverdale.” The role requires him to wear fake braces as part of his method acting.
These results are so good that they now disagree with results from the European Planck spacecraft, which predict a Hubble constant of 67.
He has planted on city sidewalks two spiky sculptures, each made of old-school television antennas bunched together at the end of a pole.
1 fan for years, sitting courtside and not infrequently interacting with players on both teams.
The hope that this power exists reaches back to some of the earliest civilizations — the court seers of the Egyptians, the Oracle of Delphi just north of Athens, the bone-reading shaman of ancient China.
That’s a question that even some candidates seem to flub.
“Boys never wanted to kiss me, so now I do comedy,” she sings, smiling.
The latter is difficult to obtain: Out of fear of Chinese retribution, the foreign business community will cooperate only if there is a clear, bipartisan and long-term commitment by the American government.
Less well known in the city today is the estimable Wells contemporary Fannie Barrier Williams, a member of the black elite who had a profound impact on Chicago during more than three decades of civic and political activism.
We are unlikely to escape great sorrow for long.
I first heard of the Body Farm when I wandered into an art gallery and was transfixed by an ethereal yet bracing black and white image of an anonymous body in an advanced state of decay.
“We’re at Cohen’s mercy for the dates,” Mr. Giuliani said, adding that the president “doesn’t remember the dates.
Judging by the title alone, this new five-part scripted series doesn’t necessarily show London’s rosy side.
Some have reported quality problems that vary from cracked windows to rear bumpers falling off.
The letter also noted that previous executive branch officials of both parties have declined to answer questions that might be subject to executive privilege, and cited a 1982 Reagan administration policy instructing officials asked by lawmakers about information that might be subject to the privilege to hold the request pending a final determination.
Just a few months earlier, a short walk from the spot where Mr. Trump stood, two retired Border Patrol agents had set off from the park in their boat.
(1996) Morris called this book, which offers a history of the awards from 1929 to 1984, “compulsively readable.” When it was first published in 1986, our reviewer wrote that it is “a giddy social history of our place and time, full of statistics and the kind of utterly trivial details that, taken together, somehow assume significance, like centuries-old graffiti scratched onto the base of the Sphinx.” THE CLASSICAL HOLLYWOOD CINEMAFilm Style and Mode of Production to 1960by David Bordwell, Janet Staiger and Kristin Thompson652 pp.
Following a lengthy back-and-forth with the front desk employee, Mr. Honig managed to get the property to approve a second night’s stay at Le Meridien.
Since then, stock buybacks have largely replaced dividends as companies’ preferred way to return to shareholders the cash they can’t spend productively.
Ms. Castillo could not be reached for comment on Wednesday because she was being held in jail pending an arraignment.
No one can be sure the bird is a gynandromorph without analyzing its genes with a blood test or necroscopy, but the split in plumage down the middle is characteristic of the rare event, according to Daniel Hooper, an evolutionary biologist at the Cornell University Lab of Ornithology.
Many young people have absorbed a YouTube-centric worldview, including rejecting mainstream information sources in favor of platform-native creators bearing “secret histories” and faux-authoritative explanations.
But it makes it — you know I went to.
No obstante, podría llegar en barco.
At its very end, the two served small glasses of Piemontese Grappa infused with chamomile, whose subtle flavors were a calming digestif.
While imperialists often spoke about “civilizing” the “savages,” some of the most ardent anti-imperialists in the 19th century were white supremacists like John C. Calhoun, the senator from South Carolina, who was wary of letting “any but the Caucasian race” into the Union.
Read more>>> By Gretchen Reynolds Lifting weights might also lift moods, according to an important new review of dozens of studies about strength training and depression.
Experts on public housing have also placed the blame for Nycha’s troubles on a lack of federal investment.
En semanas recientes, los activistas antiaborto han protagonizado una serie de “protestas silenciosas” afuera de los centros médicos.
He changed my life and got me to play music again.
Unai Emery, the Arsenal manager, would have known that is what Guardiola would try to do, what City would try to do.
It has detained up to a million people in what China calls “re-education” camps, drawing condemnation from human rights groups and a threat of sanctions from the Trump administration.
Directed by Zack Winokur, with text by Claudia Rankine and choreography by Michael Schumacher, the programs are set on the steps of the museum’s Great Hall and feature the International Contemporary Ensemble.212-535-7710, metmuseum.org CHAMBER MUSIC SOCIETY OF LINCOLN CENTER at the Rose Studio (Jan. 17, 6:30 and 9 p.m.).
Two years later, the Women’s March organization has become a depressing study in how left-wing movements so often implode in the digital age.
They were heading to a gig in Florida when the venue called to cancel their appearance.
A new generation of biologists is reviving a theory originally proposed by Charles Darwin 150 years ago.
These days, the fantasy has sagged into a mumbled, “Well, Brexit is not the end of the world.” Not quite.
He quickly explains the situation and generally what the officials are considering, and then, after a few replays, he goes over the specific things they are looking at to make a call.
• Online sales were up 43 percent during the quarter, matching the company’s goal.
“Vox has a novelty factor, and it is benefiting from the major corruption scandals that have affected the main conservative party,” said Laia Balcells, an associate professor of government at Georgetown University.
But they have a better chance of being adopted by Congress, and some could bring the country very close to achieving universal coverage.
Another study has found Greenland’s ice loss had reached its fastest rate in at least 350 years.
While you watch, you might take notes using our Film Club Double-Entry Journal (PDF) to help you remember specific moments.
But she said the problem is not just the lost money.
To hear Modern Love: The Podcast, subscribe on iTunes or Google Play Music.
“In some places in Myanmar, you can’t fly drones, but the country should have put up notices,” said Ye Tun Aung, who sells drones in Mandalay, adding that the country’s airports do not have sufficient warnings about the prohibition on bringing in drones.
On Sunday, a group of 130 workers were working in heavy snow near or inside a tunnel by the river when the land gave way around 10 a.m., trapping and killing many of them, a local official said.
Because Sean Hewitt, 28, the Irish poet who picked up the image from a fan site devoted to Ms. Mitchell, reposted it to Twitter and went to bed on Valentine’s Day, awakened the next morning and found that “my phone had gone mad.” 13.
Not because they’re not good, but because for years they’ve been asked to be as short and light as possible.” “That was the conception of sound of my predecessor,” he added.
Drake, Post Malone, Cardi B, and BTS blow the top off the Billboard charts with R&B, hip-hop, reggaeton and K-pop.
“But then I took this biology class and really liked it, and did well in it.” With her interest in medicine sparked by that class and subsequent science courses she took at N.C.C., which is in Garden City, she went on to earn a medical assistant’s certificate from a local campus of the Sanford-Brown Institute, which is now defunct.
[Never miss a pop music story: Get our weekly newsletter, Louder.]
“He wants to call it a wall because that’s what he campaigned on,” said Christopher Ruddy, the chief executive of Newsmax and a friend of Mr. Trump’s.
The United States has a greater long-term interest in respecting Venezuelan democracy than in removing an elected leader it doesn’t like.
In 2015, the company decided to close most of its campuses.
In collaboration with Wirecutter, a New York Times company that reviews and recommends products, here are five cheap(ish) things that will keep you commuting on your bike all season.
”We believe we sell beautiful things so they should be housed in a beautiful place,” Mr. Bauman said.
Many top urban destinations, particularly in developing nations, have been recognized for unhealthy smog conditions.
(Mr. Paiva says one of his goals for 2019 is to promote awareness of pollution and climate change.)
But I phoned my office in the car and told them I spoke to this really interesting man.” Mr. Astaire called his son, an art lover, and told him he had met a woman named Pilar Ordovas, who was a “kind, interesting, fascinating and beautiful woman,” he said.
Vox is nationalist and anti-immigrant, but has also angered women’s associations because of its call for Spain to abolish its abortion law and to overhaul another law covering gender violence.
In 1962, Jackie Robinson fell 36 votes short of unanimity.
As I went along filling and cluing it, I was afraid that not all the joints being hinge joints, like their arrangement seemed to indicate, would be cause for rejection.
My mother explained that the Christianity she grew up with didn’t believe in hell or being “saved.” My minister grandfather had performed my parents’ wedding ceremony in my Jewish grandmother’s backyard.
They have been edited for length and clarity.
Desks of some furloughed employees, whose job can include such drudgeries as helping their bosses work the copy machine, sit empty in the West Wing.
Marilyn Alma, a mother of three, had to give up custody of her eldest child because she can no longer feed him.
At the time, a major subway expansion was underway across New York City.
The International Monetary Fund anticipates that Venezuela’s inflation rate will reach 10 million percent in 2019, becoming one of the worst cases of hyperinflation in modern history.
Did you have a British accent?
Before you do anything, you need to make sure your Apple device was affected by the glitch.
Brazilians signaled a desire for a radical shift in the country’s course when they elected the far-right lawmaker Jair Bolsonaro as their next president in October.
In “Black Earth Rising,” new Friday on Netflix, everyone is sick.
It reflects pervasive economic and cultural changes, for which there are no easy answers.” The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
Models: Alexis and Hugo Tiem at The Claw Models.
The legroom in what passes for a back seat would cramp all but the smallest passengers.
A little over a year ago, Haley Burns, 29, was trying to get pregnant and was also becoming restless in her job.
“At the leader level, the chemistry was quite good,” he says.
The Bears are 7-7 in such games during that span.
“We met in the Village,” Tito Villa-Chauvin said.
They’ll let you focus more on getting things done and less on getting ready to get things done.
The story is still developing; you can read the latest here.
It’s not unusual for women to lift their legs above their heads, but when a male dancer does, the effect is arresting.
Pawel Adamowicz, the mayor of the northern coastal city of Gdansk, was stabbed in the heart while he spoke at a fund-raiser organized by the Great Orchestra of Christmas Charity, The Associated Press reported.
Office tantrums bespeak a broader absence of self-control: There’s a direct line between Bill Clinton’s infamous “purple fits” and the scandal that nearly wrecked his presidency.
The purpose of my visit is to take part in the Artmossphere Biennale, which features approximately 40 international artists that come from graffiti and street art backgrounds.
Its chief Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, said yesterday that “something has to give on the British side.” Yet Mrs. May could force her plan through Parliament.
Temple Taggart, a former Miss Utah, told The Times in 2016 that Mr. Trump kissed her twice without consent.
What was the breaking point at which you decided to start telling the truth?
We also have tips on how to be a green traveler.
Child care costs are out of reach for many families — the average cost for an infant in a day care center is $1,230 a month.
Exports, which slumped in the third quarter, rebounded in the fourth, suggesting that the cooling global economy isn’t yet dragging down American exporters.
Looking for edginess in East London?
— Wendy Katkin New York Today is published weekdays around 6 a.m. Sign up here to get it by email.
The torrent continued downhill, slamming into homes and contaminating rivers.
Trump did not dwell on the issue for long.
Mr. Gianaris, whose district would have included the headquarters, was one of the deal’s most high-profile opponents — and also potentially its most powerful, after the leader of the Senate Democratic majority chose him for a state board that could have vetoed the project.
I didn’t see it,” he said of the indictment.
Esta situación está comenzando a cambiar.
Just in time for New York Fashion Week, L’Avenue at Saks — the first American outpost of the Costes empire — is scheduled to open on Monday on the eighth and ninth floors of the department store’s renovated flagship, across from Rockefeller Center.
“What happened this morning is very dangerous for the opposition,” said Rocío San Miguel, a security analyst with deep knowledge of the country’s armed forces.
For the first time in history, cybersecurity was being required as a forethought in the design of a new network standard — until the Trump F.C.C.
Initially, there was some confusion about whether Mr. Newsom was calling for abandoning the full L.A.-to-the-Bay route.
is a typical term for a detailed contract between two parties.
President Barack Obama made sure campuses did more to investigate cases of sexual assault.
4 train with the guy who would succeed me.
The last time I truly disconnected — cut off from work, email and social media — was three summers ago when I took a weeklong rafting trip with my son down the upper half of the Grand Canyon.
One reason for the film’s popularity may be the number of tank enthusiasts in Russia.
It was not a place that I wanted to share with my shrink, who reminded me of my anxiety — the reason I was in therapy.
It ruined our sleep and we were so tired from the long day.
Instead we see works by artists 45 and older who have just kept on keeping on, regardless of attention or reward, sometimes saving the best for last.
After graduating from Beverly Hills High School, Guy attended Whittier College and then entered the Army, stationed at Ford Ord in California.
What’s a would-be courageous centrist to do?
Asian-Australian actors in particular are becoming more visible.
Not once did I ever consider the comfort of an item whose sole purpose is to capture rain and muck for my protection.
He also said that Ms. Aniston has no children and — it pains me to reveal — she is not back together with Mr. Pitt, who was her husband from 2000 to 2005.
regular season were the most for a single season in the 99-year history of the league.
In the end, that position won out.
Exactly which agency would hire every worker?
Mr. Angelo, 45, started out as a stringer for Page Six, the paper’s saucy, celebrity-skewering gossip column.
It is unknown what Ms. Bezos will do next, and how the divorce will play out.
He picked up right where he left off in this one, when he found Eric Ebron on a 6-yard touchdown pass on the Colts’ first drive.
The Americans liked the food so much that they dropped in frequently, often many times a week, residents said.
“I knew what to ask for.” Waring, he found, was an eighth-generation Charlestonian born in 1880, with ancestry going back to slaveholders and colonists who arrived in the 1600s.
She said the emotional transformations of Mr. Shannon and his wife during those last seven years of their marriage can be attributed to human nature.
Mr. McGinnis, 43, was charged with possession of an unregistered firearm and possession of ammunition by a prohibited person, prosecutors said.
He went on national TV, in prime time, to deliver a lengthy, emotional response, pictured above.
Their surfaces are a mess of slashes, punctures, dents and scars, but they reflect the gallery’s ambient light, which washes over the walls and spills across the black stone floors.
“We are like one country, we are one people in the Gulf, and we are cheering for them because they haven’t got fans here,” said Abdullah Moqubuli, 30, before adding that he and his friends would have cheered for Saudi Arabia, too, had the Saudis managed to score a goal.
Many Americans, in turn, have a direct relationship with those asset managers, since those firms manage many pension funds and retirement accounts.
I’ve got a sat phone, but nobody is coming to get me in these conditions.
A priest would be on hand to pray with the activists for a safe journey, said Víctor Julio Barboza, who coordinated aid at a small camp set up beside the bridge.
“In 1981 the whole society did not know yet know what AIDS was, and in the meanwhile, we were dancing on the edge of the volcano, and I really enjoyed it.
Graffiti was hard, but not nearly as hard as learning to rap for “Patti Cake$.” In “Dumplin’,” in which she plays an outspoken teenager who mutinies against the beauty pageant culture her mother (played by Jennifer Aniston) loves, she had to sing backup for Dolly Parton.
In 1979, Unesco designated Antigua a World Heritage Site, ensuring the protection of its architectural and cultural legacy.
Saudi Arabia Mecca Sudan Oman Yemen Eritrea 250 miles By The New York Times “Later, the Romans destroyed the Nabateans,” he said.
That same year, the Pentagon’s Quadrennial Defense Review, the agency’s main public document describing the current doctrine of the United States military, drew a direct link between the effects of global warming — like rising sea levels and extreme weather patterns — and terrorism.
(Android phones, running Google’s operating system, are voracious and arguably unscrupulous collectors of information about their owners; an Android phone with Chrome open sends your location back to Google about 300 times a day, according to one study.)
We can embrace that as a club.
One time she cited Bret Easton Ellis as an inspiration in an interview, and when it caused a ripple of feminist backlash — how could she appreciate the work of a male chauvinist?
“Like reading a book, it’s a habit to fold clothes with my children,” she said.
“We can’t do this alone,” Ms. Giddens said.
“A good proportion of our jobs on a daily basis are mental health,” Inspector Bird said.
But even if it fails, you can bet someone will soon line up to try again.
They failed in their immediate goal — and many of them were executed or jailed in retribution — but the violence left behind a wave of separatist sentiment across the island.
“I don’t consider myself a single mother,” Ms. Coronel said.
There is no directory in the lobby.
And I think that is borne out of those two wings, the progressive and moderate wings, defining this primary through their fight.
They wrote songs together regularly that Adams promised to record, but never did.
Other fans also boycotted the N.F.L.
“It could portend very serious consequences, even in the short term.” On Sunday morning, as he paid his visit to Ms. Buitrago, Mr. Guaidó’s attention kept getting jerked between short- and long-term concerns.
The predicament pushed her to a food bank in San Antonio, where they live.
Union leaders say charters take students and public dollars from traditional neighborhood schools.
The local police were called to the scene around 3 p.m. on Thursday following reports of a collision.
Hazlo antes de que pierdan su vigor y se unan a las cáscaras de limón y los cascarones de huevo en el bote de compost.
President Emmanuel Macron telephoned him to express his anger, but said he would not be attending a march in Paris scheduled for Tuesday to condemn anti-Semitism.
“I feel them very much alive,” Gaga said.
It also brings fears for their immigration status.
Lawmakers are paid $17,640 a year for their work.
He is facing the biggest challenge in six years, and still his ways are not changing.
He failed to qualify for the 2014 Olympics but went on to become a supporter of, and an ambassador for, figure skating, Sappenfield said.
A cross-country skier, he said the conditions had been great so far.
• What more can you find?
The three actors, Laura Collins-Hughes wrote, portray “regular people stumbling on a fragment of history that they nimbly re-enact, each playing multiple characters, and sometimes sharing them.” 866-811-4111, transportgroup.org
I do lean in toward people who, like me, didn’t have the opportunities to be heard and have their voices expressed.
“The gentleman from Iowa is recognized.” He’s made a name for himself as a hard-line opponent of illegal immigration and for his inflammatory, sometimes racist, statements — “We are the immigrants!” — like when he disparaged so-called “Dreamers,” children brought by their parents as undocumented immigrants, in 2013.
Now they’re set to hit the streets of Sacramento.
Buffy Wicks, a community organizer and former Obama campaign aide who was recently elected to the California State Assembly, said it doesn’t have to be “an either/or.” She hosted 239 house parties at which she encouraged supporters to download VoterCircle, but she also knocked on 115,559 doors.
In fact, at some point Mike Pence was like, [adjusts tie] ‘This is the way ties should be from now on.’ ” — TREVOR NOAH The Trumps invited a grade-school boy named Joshua Trump, who is not related to the president but has complained of being bullied over his name, to attend the speech.
Softball is that thing when you sit in a field, talking to a leaf, before a ball eventually rolls by you and then everyone is yelling for some reason.
Fatherhood and, presumably, therapy have encouraged both men to reverse their stories, acknowledge what they believe happened to them and tell their families that they lied about not being abused.
You need the privacy.” New Mexico, which last voted for a Republican for president in 2004, was once more of a political battleground than it is today.
It was an image that registered on the Richter scale of beef.
World-class athletes know how many grams of protein are in a six ounce portion of salmon.
Now they’re saying, ‘Why can’t we do it with 1 percent of the people we have?’” But bad guys, who are always early adopters, also see the same potential to go deep in wholly new ways.
Nauman has changed the way we define what art is and what is art, and made work prescient of the morally wrenching American moment we’re in.
Strategic vision requires something more than narrow intensity.
Democratic leaders called it a “hostage taking,” saying they wouldn’t negotiate until the government reopens.
Yet all too noticeable was a bottle of Mesh & Bone sotol on the table.
Hip Hop in Armor,” a Friday-night event that kicked off last fall and continues on Feb. 8.
He then coaxed the class to shout over and over, “Mao Zedong, Wan Sui!” — “10,000 years for Mao!” — so that everyone felt the fervor of the movement that shook China.
We now know that alcohol is a teratogen, meaning it can cause birth defects.
To the Editor: The pro-legalization side has intentionally obscured the dangers of marijuana, as Alex Berenson points out.
I’m Lisa Lerer, your host.
He thanked God for having allowed him to experience prison life, lest he become “more arrogant, rude.” In his post-prison life, Mr. Basuki has said that he will initially eschew politics, focusing instead on business interests and a television talk show.
MILAN — At age 26, Edward Buchanan, an African-American graduate of Parsons School of Design, got his dream job: design director for Bottega Veneta.
Y, como Sontag, ha tendido puentes entre la crítica cultural, la creación literaria y las artes visuales.
It does belong, however, to an emerging subgenre that’s become more and more discernible lately, from “1Q84,” by Haruki Murakami, to the recent Booker Prize winner “Milkman,” by Anna Burns, to the Netflix show “Maniac” — works that are not dystopian, but instead set in worlds identical to ours except for minor, unsettling differences: two or three millimeters over in the multiverse, say.
“In most stories, the perpetrators are the protagonists and this has long-term consequences, because it ends up validating an environment of illegality.” The city consulted with neighbors, academics, local artists and the families of victims to design the memorial park, he said.
I think social media is a mostly necessary evil and try to avoid it when I’m not working, but I still haven’t quit Instagram.
More than 8 percent of cancers in Texas and Washington, D.C., are associated with body fatness, but only 6 percent in Colorado and 5.9 percent in Hawaii.
“I was concerned that its history only went back to the 1930s.” A spokeswoman for Christie’s said Dr. Kaeppler had only seen photographs of the sculpture and had not viewed it person.
Ms. Gillibrand and Mrs. Clinton were not on speaking terms ahead of Ms. Gillibrand’s run, even though Mrs. Clinton had inspired Ms. Gillibrand to get into politics, wrote the foreword to her book and campaigned for her in her first House race.
Read the most thought-provoking, funny, delightful and raw stories from The New York Times Opinion section.]
He has had surgery on his hip, feet and mouth, but has endured the pain without prescription drugs because he fears a relapse.
A Purdue Pharma spokesman stood by the accuracy of Mr. Sackler’s testimony and added that he was unable to comment on the claims in the Justice Department report because the company had not seen it.
And Mr. Obama is partly to blame for that.
“It’s a nightmare right now,” said Representative A. Donald McEachin, a Virginia Democrat who can trace his history here back to Revolutionary War-era slaves.
They couldn’t keep it a secret anymore.
It shows what can happen to Muslims when authoritarian governments embrace Islamophobia as state policy.
And in the start of the Rimsky-Korsakov on Thursday — this movement marked “maestoso,” or majestically — the huge brass statements burst out with saber-rattling strength but little majesty.
“The party has to be bigger than white men who didn’t graduate from college,” he told me late last year.
have assigned culpability or resulted in any charges against her,” Mr. Manuel said in the announcement.
2 3 Mich. 3 Wis. N.Y. 2 2 Conn. Pa. N.J. Neb.
We are in capable hands as Alien tests corporate security by crafting phishing emails and schmoozing her way into executive suites to steal computers.
• The daughters of a foot doctor in Queens say that during the Vietnam War, their father came to a young Donald J. Trump’s aid with a diagnosis of bone spurs.
More than 180 have been killed.
In the study, published in Health Affairs, he and his colleagues point out that Medicare had just changed the electronic form used for billing.
Yet Iran is not alone in destabilizing the region.
“I need them to see.” Everyone’s eyes shot around the car.
— Joan Wyly, Denver I was unsuccessful most of the day trying to reach a colleague — phone, email.
Las continuas interrupciones del sueño pueden hacer que las personas con apnea sientan que no descansan por completo, mientras que la falta de oxígeno estimula al cuerpo para que produzca más azúcares, lo cual puede provocar diabetes tipo 2, sobreingesta y otros problemas, mencionó Anthony Scianni, un dentista que dirige el Centro para la Medicina Dental del Sueño, que trabaja con exjugadores de la NFL.
• Work in construction and demolition and other specialized fields.
The duke responded, “Publish and be damned.” As did Jeff Bezos when The National Enquirer threatened to publish photos of his extramarital affair.
She attended community colleges in Northern California but did not graduate.
“When you are detained in Philippine jails, you are being tortured,” said Leah Armamento, a member of the Philippine government’s Commission on Human Rights.
“Less lethal alternatives remained available and substantial defenses were in place, rendering the use of lethal force neither necessary nor proportionate, and therefore impermissible.” The Israeli Foreign Ministry, in a statement, blamed Hamas, the militant group that governs Gaza, for the violence and dismissed the United Nations report as a product of bias, “written by three individuals that lack any understanding in security matters.” “Hamas exploits the civilians in Gaza as human shields for terrorists,” the Israeli ministry said.
Ransom had an accomplice in the T-Mobile store robbery who arrived with him in a cab and waited outside the store while he went inside.
is the sixth top engineering college in the United States, according to USA Today, and is in the top 10 in United States game design schools, according to Animation Career Review.
That is changing, thanks to the successes of Jenkins, Gerwig and Ava DuVernay, and newer names like Chloé Zhao, who directed the critically cherished indie “The Rider,” and Marielle Heller, who directed Melissa McCarthy and Richard E. Grant to Oscar nominations in “Can You Ever Forgive Me?” despite being locked out of the nominations herself.
“Who made the decision that the board is going to perform some of its functions, but not others?” asked Jim Hall, who was chairman of the safety board during the 1990s, when he said he kept investigators working during government shutdowns.
Walking is also growing because hotels are under increasing pressure to make as much money as they can, said Rummy Pandit, the executive director of the Lloyd D. Levenson Institute of Gaming, Hospitality and Tourism at Stockton University in New Jersey.
What both she and Hiro had to survive, and what Ms. Kikue and Ms. Blair render convincingly in very different ways, is the abuse their alcoholic father, James, rained down upon them throughout their youth.
So 23 seconds into this video, I mentioned a border crossing, the one the rebels use to cross into Syria.
SÃO PAULO, Brazil — An openly gay federal lawmaker in Brazil who has frequently clashed with the country’s new far-right president said on Thursday that he was giving up his seat because of death threats.
The station wagon was a gift; the group is seeking someone to pay for the truck.” Mr. O’Neal liked to collaborate with other writers and theater groups to create multicultural works, as he did on “Promise of a Love Song,” which interwove three love stories from different cultures and was a joint effort by Junebug, Roadside Theater of Appalachia and Pregones Theater, a Puerto Rican company based in the Bronx.
A cat named Dot paced among the record collections.
— Hope A, Masterman, Philly
His father, Ioan, was an electrician; his mother, Ana, was a homemaker.
If it turns out that all those estimates we hear are wildly inaccurate.” Despite Kudon’s best efforts, laws that Leonsis considers favorable have been a difficult sell, mostly because of political pressure from casinos.
¿Cuántos leímos a Julio Cortázar, a Mario Vargas Llosa, a Horacio Quiroga o a Carmen Laforet sin necesidad de adaptación alguna?
“And then we noticed that they do this every single weekend.” When Grace Gardner met Autumn Trowbridge on a Tinder date in Washington, she was immediately smitten with the brunette she describes as “the most special person I’ve ever met.” But when it came time for college, Ms. Gardner, 22, enrolled at Baruch, in New York City.
(NYT) • Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, wants Wells Fargo kicked off college campuses, saying the bank charged “struggling college students exorbitant fees.” (Bloomberg) Best of the rest • Leslie Moonves plans to fight for the $120 million severance payment that CBS denied him.
He lived in a place where students could attend movies and eat together across racial lines, but did not openly date outside their race.
“It makes them relevant,” he said, “and people want to see themselves reflected in collections.” Alistair Brown, policy officer at the Museums Association, an organization for museum, gallery and heritage professionals, agreed.
And because he is running his own little experiment, he can combat only the vitriol that originates in his jurisdiction.
And yet 1919 was the year when that began to change.
It was the first time since 1995 that the Spanish Parliament had rejected a government’s budget.
His sentences are growing shorter.
The five members stared into one another’s eyes and kicked their legs in time to orders from Flavia Faas, the band’s songwriter and dance coach.
These bankers helped get out the vote, buttressed black civil rights groups and contributed to black political candidates’ campaigns.
No obstante, a los expertos también les preocupa la ofensiva con ataques y agentes de letalidad inusual, sobre todo el virus de la viruela, que se transmite de persona a persona y mata a un tercio de sus víctimas.
The Trump administration reimposed sanctions on Iran last year after President Trump decided to withdraw from the international nuclear accord reached with Tehran in 2015, calling it a “horrible one-sided deal.” Under the pact, Iran agreed to essentially freeze its nuclear program for at least 15 years in exchange for relief from oil and financial sanctions.
Finding that material was hard, however.
He said the team that took part in the shooting and its supervisor were in police custody.
All that is a challenge — not least because Germans simply don’t feel at risk.
The Sun photoshops her face onto the body of a dodo.
Ignorar los correos es una descortesía total.
I found such a place in a British reality baking contest.
They were a clear blue-gray.
Shapiro’s account is beautifully written and deeply moving — it brought me to tears more than once.
“I had three or four days without work in a week,” he said.
After excelling for the Turkish national team, he enrolled as a freshman at the University of Kentucky in 2010 but was ruled ineligible to play by the N.C.A.A.
Venezuela has also received recent financial support from China.
They scribbled notes at long tables, sipping coffee and LaCroix while a stack of pizza boxes emanated the odor of hot garlic.
In a couple of ways, you have a background uniquely suited to this gig.
Deutsche Telekom said in December that it had begun testing a 5G network in Poland using Huawei equipment.
It was that he freed people of the responsibility of introspection, released them from the guilt in which liberalism seemed to want to make them wallow.
But back in North Carolina, people are starting to think that some of the numbers in his election look a little fishy.
But the company spent 2018 fending off federal regulators, lawmakers and parents who attacked Juul for the soaring rate of vaping and nicotine addiction among teenagers who have never smoked.
“To be proposing more taxes on the wealthy in this environment is playing with fire,” Ms. Wylde said.
“We think of the photographer as having most of the power in the exchange, but because of my fear, it was much more balanced,” he said.
Wang Feng is professor of sociology at the University of California, Irvine.
Here are some of the stories making news in Washington and politics today.
“At a moment when our nation needs to hear from leaders who can unite for a common purpose, I am honored to be delivering the Democratic State of the Union response,” she said in a statement on Tuesday.
• Michael Rooker’s terrific one-off performance as Hoyt erases the most obvious culprit from the whodunit list, which isn’t easy for an actor who broke through playing the lead role in “Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer.” Some of that old Rooker menace surfaces as a warning to Hays, though, about either one of them saying too much.
But several of them, including Mr. Puigdemont, ignored the court summons and fled Spain, and they have successfully resisted extradition attempts to force them to face trial.
“I think the informal mentorship relationships that develop organically are overall, on average, the more successful relationships,” said David W. Brown, one of the firm’s African-American partners.
Many of the city’s attractions like the White House and the museums near the National Mall are within walking distance.
She fell to the ground.
The Knicks have won only one playoff series over the past 18 seasons and their public image has suffered under the ownership of James L. Dolan.
Flowers and sentenced him to death.
Given this bleak state of affairs, it’s all the more important to showcase efforts to support rights on the state level that could serve as models as the fight moves into new legislatures.
Another notable bit of news at year’s end was that Cuba reached a new high in tourist visitors: 4.75 million.
It’s really like a small film.
You can find all our puzzles here.
Ms. Sanders cited the “sensitivities” of the meeting and “shouting” by reporters at a previous appearance by Mr. Trump and Mr. Kim, during which a reporter for The Associated Press, Jonathan Lemire, asked the president to comment on the congressional testimony of Mr. Trump’s former lawyer, Michael D. Cohen.
“The new guy has got to worry about that,” he said.
Releasing the records would result in “both criminal and civil liability and damages, including, among other things, substantial fines, penalties and even the potential loss of government aid and other funding,” the letter warned.
According to its website, McKinsey counts as clients 90 of the world’s 100 biggest companies.
But listening to the album as a whole, there are diminishing returns from the certainty that a new gimmick is coming every eight bars.
“Dos, tres años es un cálculo muy conservador”.
We have this cashmere travel set that we do.
“That’s really great,” he said.
Convicted of the 2002 killing and dismemberment of a Las Vegas man, Mr. Dozier waited for years while his lawyers appealed his death sentence.
Mr. Zuckerberg might be betting that he can integrate these three applications faster than any antitrust case could proceed — and he would be right, because antitrust cases take years.
Van Hove uses these things specifically to illuminate the text, I think, sometimes in rather literal-minded ways.
His customized training is paid for by his employer and provided by Cuyahoga Community College, also known as Tri-C.
This landmark show uses a new lens on 19th-century French art history.
Their captives labeled them “the Beatles” for their accents.
Also the bottom is plastic, and it’s quiet when I move the mouse around on my desk.
A few numbers: More men named James are C.E.O.s of Fortune 500 companies than all women combined, and only 5 percent are women.
Peruse enough booths here, and you'll find something to match the tastes of everyone.
“The peacefulness was deeply appealing to me,” Jaime said.
Las autoridades se concentran en la represa hidroeléctrica Retiro Baixo, a unos 300 kilómetros de Brumadinho.
Someone dies or you lose someone, and it’s not a Lifetime movie.
After years of Republican-led debate over how to pare back Social Security’s rising costs, Democrats are flipping the script with an ambitious plan to expand the New Deal-era social insurance program while making gradual changes to keep it solvent for the rest of the century.
They can use technology to fake a bank manager’s voice so well that it can call your grandmother, and, with a voice command, ask her to transfer $10,000 to an account in Switzerland and she’ll do it — and you’ll never catch them in time.
Because “True Detective” has no narrative continuity from season to season, it is united instead by a set of distinguishing elements — “auteur stamps” to put it kindly, “clichés” to put it less so.
“It felt like you were going through a furnace momentarily,” said Nirmal Mitra, a copy editor at Newsday who was on his way home on the westbound train.
Millions of taxpayers who typically file for refunds at the beginning of the year have been unsure when they will get their money back from the Internal Revenue Service.
Nor did Kabul’s fall to opposition forces in April 1992 lead to peace.
MARK: “Sometimes this means people assume we do things that we don’t do.
Instead, Mr. Dozier had insisted he wanted to die even if it meant a long and potentially excruciating death from a cocktail of lethal-injection drugs that included fentanyl.
Now, it is reportedly once or twice a week at most.
One former top Goldman banker has already pleaded guilty to federal charges in connection with the investigation, and a junior banker has also been charged.
That 2004 draft class can claim a distinction that even the 1983 group — one that includes Dan Marino, John Elway and Jim Kelly — can’t: It had three quarterbacks reach 50,000 career passing yards.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
The background: The scorched-earth tactics reflect just how worried the Wall Street bank is about the criminal investigations into its role in the theft of at least $2.7 billion from the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund, known as 1MDB.
It’s a political one, designed to undermine the validity of these young people’s transitions.
The first mission is to promote policies to make sure children are enmeshed in webs of warm relationships: child tax credits, early childhood education, parental leave, schools that emphasize social and emotional learning.
El gobierno británico corre contra el tiempo para encontrar un plan que rija las relaciones que va a tener con la Unión Europea cuando se consolide el proceso de separación, o brexit, el 29 de marzo.
“This radical underrepresentation is unlikely to be remedied by the voluntary efforts of a few individuals or a single studio,” Martha Lauzen, executive director of the center, said in a statement.
During her current, seemingly endless schedule of appearances around the world, people keep asking her: Does it seem like a long time ago?
They are translated into English and filled with flowery references to Mr. Trump as “Your Excellency.” Theirs is not the first improbable pen-pal relationship — Catherine the Great famously corresponded with Voltaire.
So it was in a mostly empty courtroom that prosecutors asked Jeffrey Lichtman, one of Mr. Guzmán’s defense attorneys, to turn in his official witness list.
The works are shown in a nimble, nonchronological suite of galleries, and some of its century-spanning juxtapositions are bracing; others feel reductive, even dilettantish.
It traveled more than the distance of a marathon when less than half a mile would have counted as success.
The findings raise the interesting possibility, in other words, that strenuous exercise may protect the heart against the very problems to which it also contributes.
“I wrote this 20-page document that explains kind of everybody and how their powers work and where the story’s heading,” said Way, who, like Bá, is an executive producer on the show.
The vaccine needs about two weeks to take effect, she said, but is still worth getting because the flu season is expected to drag on longer than that.
On May 4, 2017, Ms. Sandoval and other receptionists were told by the manager at the time, Linda Sabky, not to book clients for those stylists who refused to sign the statement.
Her husband, Jason Ralph, wore a bow tie he said he fashioned on the spot from one of the ribbons.
One of the spending bills would fund most shuttered departments and agencies through Sept. 30 and the other is a stopgap measure to restart the Department of Homeland Security for a few weeks.
There’s so much television and merchandise revenue shared among all 32 teams, that it’s very hard to lose money in the N.F.L.
The latest news comes as Tesla is facing several challenges.
Victims’ advocates want uniform church laws to impose zero tolerance for priests who abuse minors and for the bishops who cover up for them, but Vatican officials say putting in place one world standard is virtually impossible.
For weeks, Mr. Trump’s advisers have signaled that they believed that the special counsel’s investigation was almost over, but Mr. Mueller’s team has never given any indication about its timing.
Other state lawmakers are answering questions about whether they have so-far-undisclosed misconduct.
It would bring us to just Dec. 27, 2003.
But it was not enough.
Mr. Trump also had to think on his feet, especially during a moment when female members of Congress — dressed in suffragist white to protest the president’s policies affecting women, and gathered in one section of the House chamber in perhaps the broadcast’s most memorable visual element — burst into applause after the president praised the rate of female employment.
Después me enteré de que el resto de nuestro equipo —cinco empleados de Univisión—, fue conducido a la sala de prensa y luego los sacaron y subieron a un camión del gobierno.
The app creates a “dynamic calendar” that tells each farmer which and how much seed and fertilizer to use, the quantity of water to apply and at what time based on changing climate conditions.
(They will work without pay.)
Republicans forcefully defended Mr. Trump, beginning with a letter from the committee’s ranking member, Representative Kevin Brady of Texas, early Thursday urging Mr. Neal to reconsider “weaponizing the nation’s tax code” for political purposes.
Labor unions have been undermined.
https://t.co/SmHM6cYUg7 pic.twitter.com/iQ2CK5o2k6 Mr. Schultz, in an interview with The New York Times on Sunday, said he planned to crisscross the country for the next three months as part of a book tour before deciding whether to enter the race to challenge President Trump in 2020.
¿A qué nos estamos aferrando?
In a unanimous ruling, a three-judge panel on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit rejected a challenge to Mr. Mueller’s authority brought by Mr. Stone’s aide, Andrew Miller, who has been resisting a subpoena since last summer.
Mr. Gold, who died in July, made his review of Hearth & Hound one of the first to wrestle with the question of whether to write about, or patronize, a restaurant whose owners had a history of sexual-harassment problems.
She sends him a text: “I.
You’re supposed to be Bill Cosby when you’re a junior and senior in high school and all of a sudden you got over it.
I think we’d be serving our readers, and our profession, better if we resolved to try to write about him a lot less this year.
And that’s what she did.
The yearbook was edited by a 21-year-old named Nicole Carroll, who is now USA Today’s own editor in chief.
(It reminds me of accusations lobbed at Robert Wilson, also not off-base.)
Even Mr. Fairfax may get a reprieve, at least for the moment.
I happen to believe — and I know not everybody agrees with me — I believe that health care is a right of all people.
But the real magic is witnessing her mind and imagination at work.
Accenture employees would frequently encounter him in elevators and break rooms, chatting with him without realizing he was the company’s top boss.
And he shrugs at 3D-printed houses.
Dawn Chanet Collins was among the school board members who voted against the tax break in a 5-4 vote in mid-January.
McKinsey is the newest and perhaps most surprising actor in this drama.
Mouratoglou said the shift to finding the best male opposition available was “a long-term plan,” not a temporary trend.
But the sounds linked to the initial complaints may have been a red herring.
He is somebody who has always spouted the rule of law in what our country is about.” But Mr. Gaetz makes no apologies.
Gergel provides a detailed account of the incompetent and racist lawyering conducted by the government’s attorneys.
He’s been charged as part of Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation over his communications with WikiLeaks, the organization that released Clinton campaign emails stolen by the Russian government to help Trump win.
But immigration opponents have made the 15 percent foreign-born figure a tipping point, as if it were based on science instead of being an arbitrary historical event.
In December, Mr. Cohen was sentenced to three years in prison on those charges and others.
Conversely, Crowley did best in “the working-class African-American enclave of LeFrak City, where he got more than 60 percent of the vote.” In fact, Crowley pulled some of his best numbers in Ocasio-Cortez’s heavily Latino and African-American neighborhood of Parkchester, in the Bronx — beating her by more than 25 points on her home turf.
Fans will argue over whether Mariano Rivera deserves unanimous approval, or whether the use of performance-enhancing drugs should permanently block the enshrinement of Barry Bonds.
He did not begin taking the sport seriously until he was 15.
“Hysteria” — which comes from the Greek word for womb, hystera — was one of the first mental health conditions attributed to only women.
There is something about this particular work.
Students studying climate change might have other data sets in mind they would like to see graphed.
Jan. 19 Kandahar Province: one police officer killed One police officer was killed and three others were wounded in an apparent insider attack at a police outpost in Zari District.
Michael Blake, an ambitious state assemblyman who represents the Bronx, has ideas on affordable housing worth considering, like denying city tax credits to landlords who abuse tenants.
They were being chased by a man driving a tan Lincoln after the teenagers were reportedly seen throwing eggs at other cars, Sheriff Ed Gonzalez said.
On Thursday, the mission team released the sharpest picture of the 21-mile-long body known officially as 2014 MU69 and nicknamed Ultima Thule.
His stated goal is to break away from the rest of Bosnia, and critics say he has steadily undermined state institutions in an effort to do so.
But less attention has been paid to this government’s description of cages for young children separated from their parents.
Over the next long weeks, a familiar scenario played itself out: broken hip, surgery, failed rehab, palliative care, and a long, slow decline until my mother died at 5:19 a.m. on a cold March morning.
Hunger is killing Venezuelan children at an alarming rate, doctors say, as stores have run out of food and children are suffering severe malnutrition.
In a report released Sunday, the United Nations attributed almost two-thirds of civilian casualties — 63 percent — to insurgent groups, primarily the Taliban and the Islamic State.
It’s not the successful sport here that it is in the European countries.
How do your designs differ from those on the Korean version?
At times, this plays out as if all of them are having nervous breakdowns, which of course they basically are.
Most of the time I’ll come home and work on some music or try to go through my schedule and see what needs to be done for the week.
In Escanaba, in Michigan’s Upper Peninsula, a water main had broken during the worst of the cold, sending water spewing onto a road, cutting water pressure in the city, and forcing workers to try to contain it behind a berm of snow in subzero temperatures.
At least before the speech in Miami, some administration officials said they were concerned that politicizing the issue at home might actually prop up Mr. Maduro in Venezuela, where he is unpopular even among supporters of Hugo Chávez, the former Venezuelan president who founded the country’s socialist party.
Renault and Nissan teamed up in 1999 to share purchasing and design expertise.
The scientists put together a multidisciplinary team of scholars, and set out to unravel the origins of this blue dust.
وعند٠ا سألاها عن تقارير التعذيب أجهشت بالبكاء وقالت إنها تعرضت للتعذيب ٠ا بين ٠ايو/ أيار وأغسطس/ آب، الفترة التي ٠ُنعت عنها الزيارة.
Choire Sicha is the Styles editor of The Times.
Disney’s forthcoming “live-action” adaptation of “The Lion King” will star a savanna of computer-generated animals.
The offer came days after the U.S. reached a tentative peace deal with Taliban insurgents — in talks that did not include Afghan officials.
On a pedestal at the M HKA museum in Antwerp, Belgium, sits a diamond, in an exhibition created by the filmmaker Lars von Trier.
The three-time major champion posted a message Tuesday on Instagram, saying that he had the surgery in London on Monday.
Green believed exposing white Americans to the black elite might persuade white business owners that black consumer spending was significant enough to make racial discrimination imprudent.
But he’s a disruptive political figure who has had an incredibly divisive approach to governing, and the coverage has reflected that.
Sandhya Jain-Patel, 45, said that when she entered the station on Wednesday with her children, “my eyes started watering.” She sent them to school by Lyft.
The line had eight points.
I’m looking forward to it.”
And if the text of the Constitution is this plain, why is an erroneous interpretation of it so prevalent?
There were nudges about projects that had been put on hold — and, in some cases, forgotten — and hurried meetings to figure out what could be accomplished before the next potential shutdown.
Yes, doctors sometimes “fire” patients they find unpleasant, overly demanding or abusive.
Having already staged a happily-ever-after “Into the Woods,” Fiasco Theater dips back into the Sondheim catalog for a revival of this 1981 show about fame and its price.
“That is really terrorism, and that is really suicide,” Mr. Duterte said.
Ms. Kondo encourages her clients to put photos into an album that can be displayed and enjoyed.
The poems in “On Drinking” are distinguishable from the prose mostly by virtue of line breaks that are inserted in why-not fashion; as in, “once in Paris / drunk on national TV / before 50 million Frenchmen / I began babbling vulgar thoughts / and when the host put his hand over my / mouth / I leaped up from the round table …” There’s basically no difference between these lines and the prose narrative that precedes them, except that the prose involves an extended brawl while the poem includes Bukowski pulling a knife on some French security guards.
While educators enrolled in ProComp can earn thousands of extra dollars annually, fluctuations in pay from year to year — even when teachers perceive no change in their own efforts on the job — cause resentment and anxiety, he said.
Born on this day in 1809, Abraham Lincoln had a mythic impact far beyond the U.S. With his craggy face, his eloquence about democracy, his freeing of the slaves and his martyr’s death as U.S. president, he has been embraced by fledgling republics, antislavery societies worldwide and countries trying to recover from civil war.
This volunteer-run green market, held every Saturday, is where Puerto Rican farmers sell their produce: avocados, mangos, papayas and much more.
19A: In some formats, solvers will see the Greek letter OMEGA as the clue, and in formats in which special characters can’t be replicated, they will see the clue “Horseshoe-shaped letter.” 67A: Loved this wordplay.
Vice President Mike Pence, cabinet officials and other high-level political appointees will receive raises of about $10,000 a year that had been frozen during the shutdown.
With dried pasta in the pantry, one never goes hungry.
According to a report by The Associated Press at the time, the police asked for blood samples from male employees and a registered nurse’s aide was later convicted of rape and sent to prison.
And in a country where defamation and privacy laws favor anyone whose reputation might be besmirched, even a little, the costs of silence-breaking can be severe.
The seventh was the Tournament of Champions, where Xander Schauffele shot a 62 to leapfrog into first.
Although DNA-based travel can be poignant for anyone, it may even be more impactful for African-Americans, according to Dr. Gina Paige, the co-founder of AfricanAncestry.com, which specializes in genetic ancestry tracing for people of African descent.
Hours later, it was hard not to interpret those words as a blood bath foretold.
— Look inside a vast collection of cards, from as early as the 1680s, featuring pop-ups, cutouts and Civil War soldiers in "Three Centuries of Valentines Offer 12,000 Ways to Say ‘I Love You’.” Compare the words, images and sentiments to Valentines cards today.
In 2012, a fire broke out at a garment factory on the outskirts of Dhaka.
What do you want to see here?
As children filed out of the cramped school auditorium on their way to class, they walked by posters of Colin Kaepernick and Harriet Tubman.
Background: This flare up once again brought into focus the uncomfortable relationship that India and Pakistan have shared since partition in 1947 and the significance of the disputed Kashmir region that straddles both countries.
There were lots of influences from other brands you might or might not recognize — though not so many that seemed connected to Lanvin’s own history, which is too bad.
The presence of another great actress, Alfre Woodard, a Sundance veteran onscreen and off (she was on a 1985 jury), was enough to send me to “Clemency,” the second feature from the writer-director Chinonye Chukwu and a standout in the dramatic competition.
For all of Mr. de Blasio’s talk about how much his administration is doing to reduce inequality, the city still needs help from Albany to accomplish many of its most impactful goals.
They are willing to slum as costumed hunter-gatherers between summer getaways to the Continent.
What was even worse was that Reagan’s embrace of supply side dogma was heavily responsible for the shift in sentiment toward the idea that large federal budget deficits are not a problem.
Clarity was also the defining quality of Ms. Devieilhe’s performance, both in her lucid, evenly weighted tone and in her meticulous attention to language.
“There has been a huge reaction across Gaza to the death —” Her death sparked outrage and grabbed the world’s attention.
The researchers tied the pause in melting to a reversal of the cyclical weather phenomenon known as the North Atlantic Oscillation.
And who are they so far?
“She’s not doing this for any fame,” Dr. Rosenfeld added.
In 1925, the Army War College summarized a study of black soldiers in a memo titled “Employment of Negro Man Power in War.” “In the process of evolution the American Negro has not progressed as far as the other sub-species of the human family,” the document states.
En ese plano no ha cambiado nada.
Wirecutter staff editor Nick Guy also suggests paying close attention to what you’re buying from Monoprice.
The mother watched a year of good work with his aide unravel.
This is a brutal therapy in which after collecting a sample of stem cells that can grow into both red and white blood cells, the patient is blasted with chemotherapies designed to kill everything left behind.
Mr. King said the company needed to choose between being “a worldwide telecommunications company or an agent of the Chinese government.” Responding, Lt. Gen. Robert P. Ashley Jr., the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, said no Chinese company could truly choose whether to cooperate or hand over data, given Beijing’s grip.
While not comprehensive, the following month-by-month list provides information on deals in popular global destinations, and a few cautionary flags.
I am happy to answer the Committee’s questions.
I like that I don’t want to go out here and say, ‘I expect to lose because I had a year off, I’ve been playing for 10 months, I’m not supposed to win.’ I don’t have that attitude.” While Williams’s mind-set has been positive, on Wednesday her body betrayed her and the match suddenly pivoted in Pliskova’s favor.
In three-day sessions in both places, Dr. Green used tools from social psychology to probe underneath politics.
“Come in here,” the woman said, opening a small door with a key.
“But what is Duane Reade?” She laughed as I put on my coat.
Ms. Gallop said the complaint should remind brands to demand accountability from their supply chains.
“I just want to keep doing what I’m doing,” he said.
Le Monde, ayant obtenu la note que le président a remise aux participants, relatait que le gouvernement proposait de réviser la loi de 1905 tout en en « confortant » les « principes ».
“When we start to use the #metoo movement as a political weapon it starts to weaken it.”
Last Wednesday, Mr. Guaidó declared himself interim president of Venezuela during mass protests against Mr. Maduro and called for new elections.
Now finally ready for a close-up, the house has a starring role in Ms. Summers’s new book, “Distinctly Modern Interiors,” published by Rizzoli this month.
The longer the federal government remains closed for business, more services are affected.
“He reminded us,” Mr. McCullough said, “vividly and with spirit, that there’s far more to history than just politics and war.”
Kaleb and KJ were like brothers.
Next year, he is likely to pull down close to $30 million.
It’s just that there are so many parts.
He had spoken to the league office, he said, and officials there had admitted as much to him.
She later became a bookkeeper for a trucking firm.
[END PLAYBACK] Where he takes account of the bitterness that Iraq has caused and the opposition that it has stirred up.
Although the album’s streaming numbers were modest, at 14 million, a ticket bundle deal helped her move 37,000 copies of the full album.
And when you add whatever I have to add, it’s all going to happen where we’re going to build a beautiful, big, strong wall that’s not going to let criminals and traffickers and drug dealers and drugs into our country.
Declaring a false emergency to support government by tantrum is the camel’s nose: a powerful step toward the dictatorship that President Trump dreams of.
They need their own populist playbook and a presidential candidate equipped to forcefully campaign on it, someone whose personality — bravura, charisma, and bullheadedness — can seal for even a short while the cracks and schisms that push the party in a hundred different directions.
Due to this, I believe some part of my growth has been stunted; I’m often too scared to put myself out in the world because I believe backlash will be inevitable.
“Maybe someone’s seventh term is the charm?” he added of Ms. Clarke.
A sea of boldface names — James Brown, the Jackson Five, Dionne Warwick and countless others — make their way through the theater.
As a student of color, said Ms. Yeboah, now a writer, “it kind of wakes you up to what racism is like in the community that you’re in.” It has been a week of waking up.
“Meet” is common, simple and cheerful — and yet in this context, applied to one’s own bones, it is also eerie and jarring and nonsensical.
He has been in faculty housing, able to roam campus, go to the gym and communicate with some Western scientists.
Mr. Ayers had recently organized a show at the Hollywood Cemetery and thought it might dually be suitable for matrimony.
“When you consider that I was 23 years old and trying to convince people twice my age to change their ways, it didn’t go over well,” she said.
She closes the piece with a flourishing Beethoven-like concerto ending, having traveled through three key changes and four time signature changes.
In earlier interviews, Mr. Mallory has said he started writing “The Woman in the Window” in the summer of 2015.
[END PLAYBACK] But almost immediately— [AUDIO PLAYBACK] Now Republicans and Democrats must join forces again to confront an urgent national crisis.
Set in the Dublin slums, it centers on a poet who perilously resembles an I.R.A.
Ms. Fisher’s own father, Oscar Fisher, was 15 when he and two older brothers were deported.
It was a model that worked very well — or at least it did until Newt Gingrich wrecked it, as he wrecked so much that he put his hand to.
Following an electoral victory by an anti-Gruevski coalition in December 2016, its leading party, the center-left Social Democratic Union of Macedonia, promised to usher in a new era for Macedonian politics.
Mr. Goodell, who has striven to convince fans that the N.F.L.
For the most part, this is harmless.
In 2015, a crowded Metro-North Railroad train slammed into a sport-utility vehicle on the tracks at a crossing in Westchester County.
And like most parties that go on too long and spin out of control, this one gets boring after a while.
patient, and unfortunately I am not alone.
China tiene demasiados apartamentos que los compradores de casas no quieren, esto debilita un mercado inmobiliario que es la principal fuente de riqueza de las familias chinas.
Duncan Osborne, an associate editor at Gay City News who has written about the policing of gay sex in city parks, told The Times, “Look, some guys like it,” and “They may see it, in sort of a strange way, as more private.” He added, “Your family is not going to come wandering by.” The Times’s Patrick McGeehan reports: A charter bus crash that killed three people 17 months ago in Queens appeared to have occurred when the driver’s Thermos got stuck under the brake pedal, according to a report.
“He came out here to smoke like nothing happened and was telling people that his mother went away,” said Sean Williams, an acquaintance from the neighborhood.
Imagine being held up at gunpoint.
Even men who admit to keeping sex slaves in conflict zones will claim they did not commit rape — it’s that other guy, that “monster” over there, that “bad guy” who did.
He points to the territory’s consumption of shark fins, imports of which fell 50 percent between 2007 and 2017.
There are conspiracy theories afoot.
Incluso simple si le aumenta un componente de xenofobia: la delincuencia de venezolanos.
He said the United States would “use diplomacy and work with our partners to expel every last Iranian boot.” Expelling the last Iranian boot would more likely take years or decades, not the 120 days that was the Pentagon’s interpretation of Trump’s “coming back now.” The genius of the “last Iranian boot” was that Pompeo’s divergence from Trump lay below the surface; the promise of an extended United States presence was never made fully explicit.
“Pero soy un conservador antes que otra cosa y reconozco el oportunismo” de la moción de censura promovida por Corbyn.
Instead, it will be for administrative efficiency reasons.
[Sign up for David Leonhardt’s daily newsletter — with commentary on the news and reading suggestions from around the web.]
Are there pieces here you are particularly sentimental about?
You can read four takeaways here, and a fact check here.
Washington’s subway, which was built in the 1970s and is much smaller than New York’s, has far more elevators.
Mr. Daughtry, who was being held on charges of violating supervised release, said he had been denied antibiotics and Tylenol by jail staff.
Who is being held accountable for doing nothing since 2013?
Y, creo, aún enamorado de mí.
This limit on consumer suits might be good for industry, since it may insulate companies from legitimate lawsuits stemming from their irresponsible data practices and helps them emerge virtually unscathed following large-scale privacy violations that affect millions.
(Alcorn County authorities offered no comment on the fight.)
[Read the New York Times review.]
Esto es importante porque, aunque los mexicanos que viven en un territorio dominado por el narcotráfico saben de esa crueldad, todavía hay quienes guardan de él la imagen romantizada del emprendedor generoso que ayudaba a los pobres.
For three hours – an eternity in social media time — videos were going viral on Twitter, Facebook and WhatsApp showing the captured Indian airman in a Pakistan military facility talking with Pakistani officers.
What gives you the right?” Mr. Arreaza demanded during a session of the United Nations Security Council.
“Imagine the days when they put a sword in your hand and said, ‘Just wing this fight scene!’” she said, whereas the Intimacy on Set guidelines give “everyone the rules, the boundaries, the language, the communication.” Many actors feel that they have no choice but to go along with a director’s instructions, particularly in an industry rife with power imbalance and celebrity worship.
31 Al Sea-Watch 3 le prohíben navegar más cerca de Malta.
In 2008, they moved to a two-bedroom apartment in Palo Alto, Calif.
Many glass windows in the seven-story building were sucked out of their frames, leaving curtains flapping in the breeze.
Individual solos — of the flutist Robert Langevin in the Ravel, or the concertmaster Frank Huang in “Scheherazade” — are exquisitely nuanced.
Saru brings it all in the latest episode “Star Trek: Discovery,” a self-contained, efficient and compelling chapter of an uneven season.
La primera consecuencia de la falta de políticas en favor de la juventud es que uno los motores del milagro español, el optimismo que llevaba a cada generación a creer que viviría mejor que la siguiente, se ha desvanecido.
Until recently, those courts were made of wooden planks, but they have been converted to a hardcourt surface.
Ms. Harris, a former state attorney general, is the second black woman to serve in the U.S. Senate.
She began her teaching career at Morgan State as an instructor in 1969 and retired as a professor of history in 2006.
And I think it would make a lot of the G.O.P.
Mr. Adler committed suicide in 2014, and his widow sued the Y. Mr. Timms’s ability to steer the Y through that trying time was one of the things that impressed Katherine Farley, the chairwoman of Lincoln Center’s board.
Even though the league’s annual trade deadline has passed — and even with Davis revealing in a wild interview session Saturday that he is more open to being dealt to the Boston Celtics than had been previously described — no one is prepared to suggest that the Lakers are out of this trade chase.
FT. $168,000 approximate annual rent Chelsea Lofts 143 West 19th Street (between Avenue of the Americas and Seventh Avenue) Manhattan Asian Barn, a shop featuring furniture from China including antiques and reproductions, has signed a 10-year lease for a 3,000-square-foot ground-floor space with 15-foot ceilings, a freight elevator and a 2,500-square-foot storage basement, in the storefront in this seven-story mixed-use co-op in Chelsea.
“Kevin Fret represented a refreshing view in a music genre that is very homophobic and very machista,” he said.
But after defeating a little-known Democrat by only just over three percentage points and increasingly shifting his attention from the soybean rows and hog processing plants around Sioux City to the fringe nationalist politics in other countries, Mr. King’s defenders started to lose their patience.
Nonetheless, senators still plan to press Mr. Barr about the memo.
Along with Vice President Mike Pence and other Trump cabinet members, Pompeo has attended Bible study sessions held in federal offices and led by Ralph Drollinger, the founder of Capitol Ministries.
Maybe political groups needed to stop caring about people’s feelings if it helped get them out to vote.
He would expect any offspring to be genetically conventional, because its egg cells would have only one sex chromosome.
He has been fixing, selling or assembling watches since he was 16.
— As a powerful winter storm moved up the East Coast to Maine and then out to sea on Sunday, residents across the Midwest and the Eastern Seaboard were bracing for winter’s next blow: plunging temperatures and blustery winds right behind the storm that were expected to freeze solid everything in sight, creating dangerous travel conditions and potentially widespread power failures.
It was a vexed evening all around.
“It’s a hatred of the elites that are in place,” the historian said.
Facebook: The social media company said it deleted nearly 500 pages and accounts related to two disinformation campaigns originating from Russia that targeted users in Eastern Europe and Central Asia.
A technician had been skimming drugs to feed her own habit, and Ms. Harris’s chief drug prosecutor had warned that she was sabotaging evidence.
“Sandy could sing that music with purity and a danger zone,” Mr. Sellars said in an interview on Thursday.
Chinese consumers appear to be opting for less expensive but similar smartphones from Chinese makers, particularly Huawei.
“It’ll be nice to see the place at night.” R. Zarni, a Burmese singer who is scheduled to perform at the event, said his wife had accepted his invitation on his behalf, and that he had been too busy to notice the criticism.
Among national Democrats, Senators Cory Booker of New Jersey and Kamala Harris of California, who are running for president, called on Mr. Fairfax to resign Friday night, and several other 2020 candidates have called for investigations into the assault allegations.
Shortly after a local girl was raped and murdered, Ms. Ammini said she and two other women marched into the office of a senior police official and called for the arrest of the men responsible for the crime.
And if the movie itself is best taken as a joke, it’s a very bad dad joke.
“I believe that a successful teacher can understand a student’s strengths and weaknesses,” he wrote, “and is able to use that understanding to help students build on their understanding of the English language.” A University of Houston graduate, Mr. Clark moved to Saudi Arabia to teach English and then taught English for three months in Turkey, according to documents recovered in a house in Mosul, Iraq.
Yet requiring China to manage its currency and keep it above a certain level would be a striking shift from the policy of past administrations, which have tried to encourage China to let the value of its currency rise and fall with market forces.
(Want to get this briefing by email?
I have Slack, Google Hangouts and the Google Docs app downloaded on my phone.
Last week, the company threatened litigation against the cyberagency, as well as economic retaliation.
“It would be like a slap in the face,” one of the veterans, Stan Shaw, said this month.
“Due to the medically fragile condition of this community, keeping patients where they reside was always our preferred choice and the safest option for patients.” A spokesman for the company said Thursday that 37 patients would be affected if the facility were closed.
“These subjects will face the full weight of the law,” it said in a statement.
For his career, he hit .312 with a .418 on-base percentage and a .515 slugging percentage; only two other right-handed hitters in the game’s history — Jimmie Foxx and Rogers Hornsby — were better in all three categories with at least 5,000 plate appearances.
He started dating Mr. Girard, who is the head of productions at Campfire, a television and film production company, not long after.
Fox is contesting the $128 million ruling.
I have to be tougher than others.
Why, in such a liberal place?” Inglewood has faced scrutiny for a number of police shootings, including a series in 2008, and Mr. Hutchinson has worked with families to try to get answers about them.
Used cars — particularly a reliable model that’s just a few years old — are often a smart compromise, Ms. Adams said.
At the moment, a single Climeworks collector on a Reykjavik geothermal field takes in air and collects CO₂; after the gas is flushed from the machine’s filter, it is mixed with water, essentially forming hot seltzer.
“But I am taking the 5th Amendment because I don’t have an attorney and I feel like you will try to trip me up,” the script said.
One in three South Korean women have undergone cosmetic surgery between the ages of 19 and 29, a Gallup Korea poll has found — a trend that mirrors the narrow beauty standards epitomized by K-pop stars.
Thanks very much for reading.
was still a plaintiff when the Supreme Court heard the gambling case in late 2017, but by then Guber was among the many owners who were rooting for New Jersey to win.
He admitted he’d been negotiating to build a tower in Moscow for Trump well into the 2016 presidential campaign.
I do think writing a note makes it too fraught — getting an anonymous card would make me paranoid to the point of considering quitting.
“Sometimes I do wish I had Summer Fridays, because I tend to go to Cape Cod where my family is from and nothing is worse than summer traffic,” she said.
Their tea boxes are works of art.
And thus, the world will see Kevin (as the Beast) galloping and transforming; they’ll see David bending steel; and they’ll see those evil agents drowning him to death.
All are mired in ironic detachment from their misery and attracted to Hark’s simple message.
(Other competitors nourished themselves with soda and candy, and Collins stopped for a bowl of chili.
Sign up here to get future installments of In Her Words delivered to your inbox.
The most vocal opponents, like Stuart Appelbaum, president of the Retail, Wholesale and Department Store Union, were not among the signatories.
“It’s not the content of the work.
Ralph Northam and Attorney General Mark Herring, who are white, have refused to resign after admitting they wore blackface in their youth.
We’re going to need another income pretty soon.” “The prospect that, for no reason at all, I may have to find another permanent job is very frustrating and it speaks to a kind of waste.
After the election, he became a special assistant for civil rights and helped R. Sargent Shriver found the Peace Corps, later becoming its representative in Africa and its associate director.
“I would eat it and see like, the font from Sofia Coppola’s ‘Marie Antoinette’ and lots of pink and some Gang of Four music,” Mullan says.
(Mallory has said she disagrees with some of Farrakhan’s statements.)
Michael A. Fuoco, president of the Newspaper Guild of Pittsburgh, said the union had no comment on the appointment of Mr. Burris.
So in the early fall, the two signed on for the Gowanus apartment, with Ms. Retzloff taking the lofted room.
Ivanka Trump sat below the podium.
But the league also says athletes can stay in the locker room while it is being performed.
And also, that Don Jr. would never set up any meeting of any significance alone – and certainly not without checking with his father.
Maybe Yorgos Lanthimos, fresh off the power games of “The Favourite.” Films like “Sorry to Bother You,” starring Tessa Thompson and Lakeith Stanfield, had more on their minds than comforting fables of finger-lickin’ harmony.
I think you could make a version today off my recipe using ground beef or lamb or that soy-protein ground beefless stuff and, just so long as you nap the thing in enough mushroom-enhanced gravy, you’ll end up with your favorite wintertime dinner of the year.
“In reality,” as HuffPost’s Jonathan Cohn wrote, in an analysis of the poll, “the whole point of Medicare for All would be to wipe away current insurance arrangements and replace them with a new public plan.” Not only that, but when the pollsters described a version of Medicare for All in which private insurance was wiped away, support plummeted.
The couple got engaged that same year.
“I obviously recognize that the circumstances and events giving rise to these indictments are indisputably tragic,” Judge Burns wrote.
I thought Davis would play the season out to his fullest, inform the Pelicans he would pass on the extension and thus force them to trade him without ever explicitly requesting a trade.
“You can’t score really, you have to stay back.
“It was the most devastating time in my entire life,” said Ms. Jacobs, who still wears her mother’s wedding ring, which was salvaged in the wreckage.
“We will not make nuclear weapons and we will not proliferate nuclear weapons,” Mr. Kim said during a New Year’s Day address.
“There’s a scene in the movie where Robinson’s teammate, Pee Wee Reese, puts his arm around him as a kind of show of solidarity.
A post on Twitter from the U.S.
In short order, people across the industry began to comment that all of the faces were white, and only one was a woman’s.
The House Democratic caucus, which like most of Virginia’s elected leadership has called for Mr. Fairfax’s resignation, criticized Mr. Bell for not offering details about the hearings and accused Republicans of seeking political gains from the claims against Mr. Fairfax.
Bernadine Healy, then the director of the N.I.H., was among those who dared to chastise Mr. Dingell publicly, accusing him of using his “virtually unchecked power to investigate, prosecute and judge” his targets while running roughshod over due process.
And right now, if you split up the pie on the left between the candidates we’ve talked about, there is a big slice of pie left closer to the political center.
“I guarantee everything will not work exactly right, and that’s cool,” Mr. Gerstenmaier said.
One idea suggested that this cultural change came from the Near East, and spread west along coastal routes, perhaps by a priestly caste.
And who could forget the rocket ship that actually took off?
Luckily Israel’s musical tastes were varied.
But if the goalie can’t make it, a game could be forfeited, which can feel like a puck to the mouth when ice time costs more than 400 dollars an hour.
He retired in 1988 after 35 years with the C.I.A.
Mr. Cook has for years navigated the difficult politics of China, including its tightening controls over the internet, but the Trump administration’s tougher stance on the country is posing a challenge.
Zahir began living with his father full time when he was about a year old.
But he learned of financial abuses through others at the Pentagon and often worked with the staffs of Senator Grassley and Representative John Dingell, Democrat of Michigan (who died on Feb. 7), to set up oversight hearings.
“We talk all the time,” the elder Mr. Thompson told The New York Times in 2009, when William Jr. was the Democratic nominee for mayor of New York.
“La relación del venezolano hoy con el Estado es de terror”, dijo Guaidó en una entrevista.
“Nycha’s failure to provide decent, safe and sanitary housing is simply unacceptable and illegal,” Mr. Berman said.
You can also find it at nytoday.com.
And his onscreen death — as well as his funeral, attended by the many colorful characters he brought to such vivid life — feels especially poignant now.
To the Editor: Re “May the Best Woman Win,” by Michelle Goldberg (column, Jan. 22): After the total disaster of Trumpism, America needs and deserves the empathy, compassion and fair-mindedness that only a woman can bring to the Oval Office.
En effet, les imams algériens candidats au départ vers la France, par exemple, sont soumis à des enquêtes préliminaires.
“They spend their days gossiping, pursuing love affairs and having abstract arguments that never reach any decisive resolution.” Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online.
Another large group of physicians — including some strong supporters of the guidelines as written — recently published a journal article calling involuntary tapers a “large-scale humanitarian issue” and demanding that they be prohibited or at least minimized.
Lehner kept Edmonton off the scoreboard with a stellar save on Oscar Klefbom from the left side on a rebound of a slap shot by Sam Gagner about eight and a half minutes into the middle period.
Mr. Garabedian said the church benefits from court secrecy.
The reason rural broadband is at the level it is now is the ingenuity and vision of rural communities across the country.
“I want to be the underdog.
• Hours before the shutdown began, Mr. Trump signed a bipartisan criminal justice bill.
I didn’t know if I could pull my sled across Antarctica.
Instead of American- or world-influenced modern Australian food and wine, Capitano is home to pizza, pasta and a list of fascinating Italian wines.
“I’m sick and unfortunately I’m getting sicker.
Other Fed officials said last summer, when there were fewer risks to the economic outlook, that the central bank should keep raising rates into restrictive territory to slow what they saw as unsustainable growth.
A sweeping epic centered on a fraught romance between a humble poultry farmer and the daughter of a prosperous chief, Obioma’s new novel travels from rural Nigeria to Cyprus and to the cosmic domain of the Igbo guardian spirit who watches over and recounts the proceedings.
Taylor Swift, who was nominated once this year, posted a photo on Instagram from the Baftas, in London.
Me gustó tanto que me rehusé a ver Ugly Betty cuando la transmitieron en ABC.
Under those conditions budget deficits do crowd out private spending, because tax cuts or spending increases will lead to higher interest rates.
Esta alineación favorable, le ofrece a la autoridad legítima de Venezuela, la rara oportunidad de empezar a revertir dos décadas de agravios a la nación perpetrados por el gobierno chavista.
And certainly, in Hong Kong, we’re seeing there is always a new species, all the time.” Efforts to patrol Hong Kong’s wildlife imports are also hampered by the sheer scale of commerce in a territory whose economy was built on unencumbered movement.
Even so, it makes clear that the prosecutors were trying to defend Mr. Gates’s credibility while at the same time correcting the record on which Judge Jackson relied in determining that Mr. Manafort had lied to them.
Telecommunication companies in Europe have strong relationships with Huawei.
Una galería es solo una estructura que usas porque no quieres encargarte de un sinfín de acuerdos ni reunirte con los coleccionistas.
I used to be an active Weibo user and still have a few million followers there.
Squeezing the whole thing with lemon juice will immediately soften everything you’ve worked so hard to crisp.
You like what you see?
“A back door to an encryption back door.” The Australian law has limited oversight mechanisms.
“Republican Representative Jim Jordan claimed today that Michael Cohen is only speaking out against President Trump because he is upset he was not given a job in the White House.
She is also trying to avoid the political trap of adopting a poll-tested, all-things-to-all-people persona and coming off as inauthentic.
If it takes overriding the president, that’s what it takes.” But here in the heart of Trump country, that message is decidedly muffled, even in Parkersburg, where the federal government is one of the two largest employers.
But one of my neighbors has a large stand of winter jasmine growing next to her driveway.
It represents a divide between “us” and “them,” a physical demarcation for those who refuse to accept that in just a few decades, a majority of the country will be people of color.
As a result, “any intersections between McKinsey’s consulting work and the fund’s investments are largely hidden.” The office took a stake in Valeant, the drug maker that was advised by McKinsey and is accused of improperly raising pharmaceutical prices.
Will Lady Gaga take home an award for “A Star Is Born”?
“Tall buildings are a reality,” he said.
(By contrast, he won the United States Open in September on an indoor practice facility rather than a main stadium because of rain.)
Tricare automatically allows patients to see a private doctor if they have to travel more than 30 minutes for an appointment with a military doctor, or if they have to wait more than seven days for a routine visit or 24 hours for urgent care.
The final price, with taxes and various fees added in, came to $239,958,219.15.
Weeks before Halloween in 1988, Ms. Givens, an actress and model, filed for divorce from Mr. Tyson, who was at the height of his boxing career.
Barrett hit his first five tries from 3-point range for the Blue Devils (21-2, 9-1).
At the time, this traditional, wifely move felt radical to me because it signaled that I was part of a mixed-race couple.
If biology limited women’s ability to code, then the ratio of women to men in programming ought to be similar in other countries.
For centuries, women in many conservative parts of West Africa have been expected to endure bad marriages.
“I would do live drawing, digital or analog visuals to D.J.’s and dancers and musicians.
“The only crisis we’re facing here is a shortage of labor.
In an industry at demonstrable odds with most family values, such gratitude rings hollow and stupefyingly meh.
Esta realidad estremecedora afecta a todos los venezolanos, pero castiga con más fuerza a los pobres, la base de simpatizantes de Maduro, que en su mayoría lo ha abandonado o quiere que renuncie.
Fairbanks, Alaska, will also be warmer during the day on Wednesday than Des Moines, with a high of 4 degrees.
The former North Carolina State big man Ian Steere joined the program at the semester break, and Mikey Dixon, who transferred in from Quinnipiac after the 2016-17 season, said on Thursday that he would be transferring out.
Senator Mitch McConnell Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader, said Mr. Trump had assured him he would sign the bill.
They can’t solve our problems.
It’s sad how many beautiful moments have come and gone.
Do you subscribe to the “At War” newsletter from The Times, this week written by C.J.
With precision and strangeness, her dances celebrate the very thing she finds herself racked with: vulnerability.
The Food and Drug Administration announced in November that it plans to ban sales of most flavored e-cigarettes in retail stores.
Mr. Spicer later told people he stuck to talking points that he was given by the counsel’s office, and that White House lawyers expressed concern only about how he had described the thoroughness of the internal inquiry into Mr. Flynn.
And my employees, many of them are struggling to have money for fuel to come to work.” “You know, I just bought a house.
Shine has survived mainly by fulfilling the president’s desire to be in charge of his own messaging.
The police said the family likely became ill after eating in Karachi, but that they were also investigating restaurants in towns of Baluchistan Province, where the family had stopped for lunch and snacks as it traveled to Karachi on Thursday.
Un diplomático estadounidense aseguró que la Embajada de su país había empezado a evacuar a parte del personal diplomático y a sus familiares.
It is not clear, though, whether a loose, ambiguous and public statement on social media qualifies and whether constitutional protections for congressional speech and debate would shield Mr. Gaetz from some forms of liability.
It was an encouraging demonstration.
ariesarise.com — KIN WOO In February 1998, the Pulitzer Prize-winning critic and curator Hilton Als published a provocative profile of the great American writer James Baldwin in The New Yorker.
On KLM’s app, a “Tune into your Travel” augmented-reality feature is designed to entertain passengers at the airport while they wait for departure.
The crowd booed as the officials gathered their coats and walked off the floor.
“One of the first things I did when I saw the damage was get on my knees and thank God,” Ms. Mehl told The Times.
Additional Reading • Trump Once Said Power Was About Instilling Fear.
Watch: Three returning sitcoms depict New York life in the era of gentrification, student-loan debt and gig work.
“The president is his own trade representative and he’s going to make the decisions.” In the Oval Office on Friday, Mr. Trump contradicted his top trade adviser in front of TV cameras about whether the agreement should be termed a “memorandum of understanding,” a phrase Mr. Trump said was not forceful enough.
Ms. Preckwinkle, 72, has spent most of her career immersed in Chicago government, climbing from Fourth Ward alderman to Cook County Board of Commissioners president and chairwoman of the county Democratic Party.
Set in golden age Hollywood and in less lustrous decades, too, the play examines stardom and the stories we tell about the icons we love.
After the law’s passage, Mr. Busiris believed that he would be able to walk free almost immediately.
The answer comes from within, from instincts, from memory, from past knowledge.
In 1952, the office of Maj. Gen. John Samford, the Air Force director of intelligence, briefed the F.B.I., saying it was “not entirely impossible that the objects sighted may possibly be ships from another planet such as Mars,” according to government documents.
Es el nombre que conoces, el que aquí es conocido”, dijo.
For years, this has been commonly accepted as a best practice for security based on the idea that it makes it more difficult for hackers to use old, stolen passwords.
The club also invites the Furies to participate in various Leafs skills development clinics and youth programs, and the partnership expanded in 2015 to include the sale of Furies merchandise at the Leafs’ arena.
“My parents didn’t quite know what to do with my creativity, but it’s interesting that they allowed it.” She began dancing in high school — which did not impress her parents, who she said believed dance was an exhibitionistic art that would expose her to “weirdos” — and sneaked away for private lessons, which she paid for through a job at a pharmacy.
In another case, the court ordered Mr. Schindler to pay 50 percent of the $202,000 he owed two Italian businessmen who had invested in the magazine.
Plans for that space include five apartment buildings, a public school, parks and an office tower, which are expected to be finished by 2026.
And throws aren’t just for winter, said Ms. Allsop, who recommended having one slung over the sofa all year long, but changing the materials with the seasons.
Such talks were common during the Cold War but are largely absent today.
“He has history on his side,” Davood Moradian, the director of the Afghan Institute for Strategic Studies, said of Mr. Ghani’s concerns.
And, is that approach, in the end, a better way to reduce systemic inequality?
During the campaign, Mr. Fayulu threatened to pursue Mr. Kabila and his entourage for alleged financial and political crimes, and to clean up endemic corruption.
reporter and columnist, to weigh in on which of us came away with a winner.
Because the stomach does not have many pain receptors, a prick from the tiny post would not even be felt.
From a distance, the trucks seem more or less indistinguishable from each other: Their differences in speed are minimal; the reasons for one of them to overtake another are not entirely clear.
The place opened in the 1940s as an “amusement arcade” in an era when Skee-Ball represented the apex of arcade fun.
“People may be scared and think they’re going to die if they eat these foods,” she said, “but we need not be alarmist.”
“Being embodied is a radical act.” But something else about this experience was radical: holding a contemporary dance class in the busy atrium of the Museum of Modern Art.
But there is no precedent for what he has just done.
If all the ducks lined up as I just described, I would imagine that restoring the state and local taxes deduction would be near the top of the “to do” list.
The potential murder victim at the center of Charlesworth’s novel is the sort of bruising paterfamilias who once might have skulked around the novels of John O’Hara (minus the pedigree), an up-from-nothing entrepreneur whose vast fortune is amassed with a wanton disregard for kith and kin.
They provide a theater for acts of courage, selflessness and human fellowship that ordinary life does not.
At thirty-six minutes after 9, he locks the deadbolt to room 135 for the last time.
But in an interview with The Times published last week, Mr. King said: “White nationalist, white supremacist, Western civilization — how did that language become offensive?” Speaking to reporters on Monday night after the House Republican leadership team acted, Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, the minority leader, said he was not ruling out supporting a censure or reprimand resolution against Mr. King.
concurrence when decisions are made on one.
In Act II, she reappears as a Wili — one of the spirits of young woman betrayed by their lovers, whose mission it is to dance any man they encounter to his death.
“There was no meeting with Mike Flynn,” Mr. Rabinowitz said.
“Stop when you are done.” Kool-Aid drinking metaphors are rarely this literal.
Feb. 9 Wardak Province: one civilian killed A mine placed inside the heater of a mosque in Sayed Abad District went off before the evening prayer.
Among his best-known credits are the Box Tops’ “The Letter” and Presley’s “Suspicious Minds,” both No.
Nevertheless, Shull was acquitted quickly by an all-white jury, with the defense counsel warning that if a “decision against the government means seceding, then let South Carolina secede again.” Waring called the trial’s travesty of justice his “baptism of fire.” Gergel intersperses the Waring and Woodard narratives with chapters on President Truman’s own coming-to-conscience on civil rights.
One of his earliest recipes was a doughnut interpretation of the sweet French bread gibassier, with ingredients like orange blossom water, orange zest sugar, anise and fennel seed.
In their place he pushed for native ads — posts that look like editorial content but are created in cooperation with marketers.
When Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Union in June 1941 under Operation Barbarossa, Finnish regular army troops fought independently alongside Wehrmacht soldiers on the northeastern front.
Prum stresses his conviction that in humans, as in birds, many types of physical beauty and sexual desire have arbitrarily co-evolved without reference to health or fertility.
Trump, I just want to let you know that I just got off the phone with Julian Assange, and in a couple of days, there’s going to be a massive dump of emails that’s going to severely hurt the Clinton campaign.’” “To your knowledge, did the president or his company ever inflate assets or revenues?” “Yes.” “And was that done with the president’s knowledge or direction?” “Everything was done with the knowledge and at the direction of Mr. Trump.” “You’re a pathological liar.
Most recently, there have been plans for opposing concerts at either end of the bridge, each designed to rally Venezuelans — and the world — to their causes.
I tend to plunge back and forth between different mediums.
The charges against Mr. Kraft, 77, in Jupiter, Fla., came after the police used video surveillance to observe activity inside several day spas and massage parlors.
The analysis does not include candidates who have not run for federal office, such as mayors or governors, nor those who did not use ActBlue.
I never read books like “Duped: Double Lives, False Identities, and the Con Man I Almost Married”: high-concept books with one-word titles, subtitles that tell you everything you need to know about them and a single, Gladwellian image on the cover.
Named after “This Bridge Called My Back,” an anthology of third-wave feminist essays and poetry by women of color, the production considers the metaphor of a bridge: How do all of his different sides meet?
I am a very thoughtful person, and there’s almost always one crazy thought or another running through my brain.
China’s huge economy, a major driver of global growth, is cooling just when the world needs its spark.
Place high expectations on children, and give them opportunities to meet them — regardless of skin color.
It’s “The Upside Down.” [Read The New York Times review of “Green Book.”] These pay-for-playmate transactions are a modern pastime, different from an entire history of popular culture that simply required black actors to serve white stars without even the illusion of friendship.
HOPTMAN Well, I put it in the Carnegie International.
The quirk is normal — over the past 20 million years, it has occurred, on average, every 200,000 to 300,000 years.
Let’s Talk About the Weather | The correlation between heat and crime suggests the need for more research on shootings in American cities.
We just finished up “Narcos: Mexico” on Netflix so we’re moving on to something else entertaining, I’m not sure what yet.
Mr. Bishop tried and failed to rescue them multiple times, according to the affidavit.
“Not a damn thing.” _____________________ Were you forwarded this newsletter?
At Assouline, which has a booth here too, you can find Miles Redd’s “The Big Book of Chic” for $85.
In yoga, after you have elevated your heart above your head in Downward Dog and after you have reared your head like a cobra many times over, you are finally allowed to let your shoulders sag and your body go, and to set your mind free.
Back then, Mr. Tillerson declared there would be no negotiations, and certainly no lifting of sanctions, until the North’s dismantling had begun.
La intensidad de la campaña aumentó durante las semanas anteriores a Navidad.
View this recipe in your weekly plan.
“Imagine a Maine where you know nothing about anything that goes on,” he said.
This burst of dystopian pessimism has a dim contrast in “I’m Not Racist,” which is almost grotesquely earnest and naïvely optimistic.
“But he was very generous in sharing what his thought process was, leading up to that decision.” Other candidates have declined to share details of their meetings with Mr. Obama, but invoke him reverently on the campaign trail.
It might be an open space, a wide frame of light that embraces both the height and the width of the stage and lets the dance speak for itself.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
But he’s grown up with the game; he always wants to learn.” When he finished answering questions in the interview, Trey had a few of his own for a reporter he knew had covered the careers of his father, his coach and that Jordan fellow who always got the better of the Georgetown alumni.
“From all indications, as revealed by suspects and witnesses and physical evidence that was gathered by the police, the group that killed Batocabe and Diaz is a private armed group employed by the mayor that is involved in contract killing as a gun-for-hire syndicate,” said the national police chief, Oscar Albayalde.
It’s a voice made for larger-than-life declarations; the first lines she sings on “Mint,” in “Learn to Live,” are “They’ve got fire/Well, I’ve got lightning bolts.” In more than one song, she sings about her fears and inhibitions, even as her voice leaves no question that she will conquer them.
Michael A. Blake, an assemblyman who represents the Bronx, called for “dramatic changes” to the proposal.
Mr. Chiche did not respond to a request for further comment.
Es una situación totalmente distinta con una historia de veinticinco años”.
Biographies of Osama bin Laden say that as an adolescent, he cried watching news coverage of displaced Palestinians who had been forced off their land.
He is a son of Patrisha O. Hyman and Michael D. Hyman of New York.
Ride-hailing companies like Uber and Lyft and the short-term rental company Airbnb have usually jumped into new markets before local regulators have had time to understand their businesses.
Last Sunday was the club’s last bona fide jazz set.
In this Student Opinion question, we asked students if they thought robots should be treated like people and what the benefits and dangers are in doing so.
Mr. Biden described working with Republicans as a first principle at a Washington event last week; without that spirit, he said, “I don’t know how you get anything done.” And Mr. Bloomberg swatted at the left more bluntly in New Hampshire.
But the biennale’s curator, Anita Dube, also chose to show the works of Bapi Das, a little-known artist from Kolkata, who drives a three-wheeled taxi and sews needlepoint scenes of daily life there.
Scientists aren’t yet sure how great a threat electrocution poses to many of the affected species.
Bushes and trees suggest large vegetables or flowers; chopped-off tree trunks intimate water pipes, corncobs or phalluses.
Had Andy Warhol lived to see “Marie Antoinette” or “The Bling Ring,” he might have considered Coppola his favorite Hollywood director.
ATHENA FILM FESTIVAL at Barnard College (through March 3).
“Recital #1 (five small dances for Cleveland)” is an experiment: She’s looking at ways to reimagine her repertory.
COB: So I arrive on Dec. 26 after 32 hours, and I literally stopped at the final waypoint and said, “I’m putting my tent up and going to bed.” I was down to pretty low rations, and two days later, my personal food was more or less gone.
At first you’ll wonder who the audience could possibly be for something so idiosyncratic.
He had two sons and a daughter, the children of his first wife, living here.
This month, the company, Allergan, doubled down, asking the Supreme Court to rule that the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe can use its sovereign immunity to fend off challenges by makers of low-cost generic copies of the best-selling prescription eyedrops, Restasis.
Chelsea hit the ground running.
Similarly, her appearance at the private Museum of Sex, which often gets left off mainstream art apps and listings, feels like an appropriate venue for this avant-avant-garde figure.
O.K., this one is pretty clear.
Dr. Atiyah’s early work was in topology, a field of mathematics that studies shape, including that of mathematical objects with many more than three dimensions.
One of the things I’ve changed is the staff incentive model for 2019.
Romania made the semifinal round for the first time with its first victory over the host Czechs, who won six titles in the last eight years.
Since then customers have been coming in to the Slope store to weep.
He understood that the tech giants would keep getting bigger, but to him that was a feature, not a bug.
For the record, I do not want a letter of mine taken because my name is Margaret.
What saved Mr. Stanekzai, according to his friends, was his continued connections with the Pakistani military intelligence agency, which wielded leverage over the Taliban leadership.
Con un documental estrenado hoy, Lorena espera que su versión de la historia por fin tenga (casi) el mismo protagonismo que el pene de su exesposo, porque ¿ustedes creen que el mundo se habría reído tanto o puesto tal atención si él le hubiera cortado a ella un pedazo de su cuerpo?
Then in the afternoon, I would let my team know on Slack that I was going dark a bit.” Ms. Warchol decided to work through her cold rather than face “the anxiety of falling too far behind,” she said, a nod to increased workloads as companies have downsized or cut back on hiring (or at firms in start-up mode).
Twelve of the court’s judges did not join the pay lawsuit, suggesting some internal dissension.
The 240-to-190 vote is the first of two gun control measures expected to be put to House lawmakers this week, a turning point in gun legislation after 25 years when the National Rifle Association dominated the chamber.
Even by the tumultuous standards of hard rock relationships, Van Halen was notable for its break-up-make-up infighting.
“This is clear political retribution by President Trump, and we won’t sit idly by.
And Mr. Brown spent the weekend in the increasingly diverse, and Democratic, early nominating state of Nevada.
Things get really bad when a Reply All storm touches down.
because viewers have to reorient themselves every time the camera moves.
The revealer EDU was completely serendipitous.
He instructed her to hide it in a clavo, or hidden compartment, in the home.
The president appeared to bask in the boisterous reception he got from about 1,000 people waving American, Venezuelan and Nicaraguan flags.
It’s really nice on my skin and doesn’t irritate it.
As a first-year medical student, this image haunted me.
Cien jóvenes chilenos varados en la Unión Soviética tras el Golpe, un trabajo de investigación que reconstruye el caso.
Noticing the look of surprise on our faces, he smiled.
Those complaints included an accusation from a former salon employee that Mr. Wynn raped her and made her pregnant, a claim he paid $7.5 million in 2005 to settle.
“We thought that, like, everybody’s bots were just going to beat ours, that’s why we spent so much time trying to build the perfect bot.
WHISKEY CAVALIER 10 p.m. on ABC.
He said he feels London presents more of a threat because of the large number of Turkish communities in the city where he presumes spies are operating.
Mr. Trump’s protectionist impulses place him squarely at odds with the economic wisdom that tariffs are harmful.
In a tweet, Lloyd Blankfein, senior chairman of Goldman Sachs, lashed out at progressive Democrats, labeling them as both “anti-progress” and “anti-Democratic.” Those views feed into a powerful, long-held narrative popularized by Ronald Reagan that Democratic policymakers had — as then-Senator Barack Obama put it in 2006 — become “more obsessed with slicing the economic pie than with growing the pie.” For Republicans, Amazon’s retreat is an opportunity to revive beloved barbs and brand Democrats as “job killers” who are all too eager to “tax-and-spend.” Lower taxes for investors and business owners, they argue, is what spurs entrepreneurs to create jobs and spread the wealth.
Still, the longer the shutdown went on, the higher chance it would cause more lasting damage, he said.
We recommend Shutterfly Photo Books, which offer high-quality photos and customization options at a good price.
Yet it seems interest in such lodgings has prompted more places to not only offer them, but reimagine them, too.
Show up to avoid an arrest warrant.” That reduced no-shows to 26 percent — at less than a penny per text.
Newer homes on spacious lots, some with Manhattan views, dot a mountainside where quarries once operated.
Dana Schutz was readying her coming gallery show, and chaos reigned on the walls of her Brooklyn studio.
Mr. Clegg said his grandmother finally persuaded his grandfather to stop driving after too many instances of having to shake him awake.
“I’ll be honest, I’m not 100 percent sure what he’s doing here,” Vladimir Landman, 36, a software developer who grew up in Brooklyn but now lives in Sioux City, said after the mayor’s speech.
When it opened in 1878 it was a grande dame of seaside luxury; over the years, as St Kilda slid into disrepair, the Espy went with it.
Growing up with a gay dad, we were around many different L.G.B.T.
On Sept. 19, 2017 — the 32nd anniversary of the devastating 1985 Mexico City earthquake that killed 10,000 people — another major earthquake struck the city.
Weak presidents — like Mr. Trump — fail to persuade, allowing competing political actors in Washington to block their goals and assert their own influence.
“Es una de las ventajas de tener una madre famosa”, dijo.
Hailing from Adelaide, Australia, the company’s members apparently don’t care about safety nets, fancy equipment or the usual laws of physics, so just relax and watch them invent their own brand of aerodynamics.
I would add one element to the reflections of Frankfurt and Jurecic on bull.
The camera pulled back to a wide shot, and then the show quickly cut to commercial.
Brand and Mr. Falsey handed the show off to others partway through the run) and influenced later generations of medical dramas.
I talked to many of our detectives about that and they felt the same way.
Daily life in Venezuela has become unrecognizable from what it was just a few years ago.
“That’s a tough sell to most Americans, who don’t have half the luxuries or benefits of federal employees,” he said.
Washington was concerned that Castro’s leftist government would help the Soviet Union establish a beachhead just 90 miles from American shores.
When Tiger Woods saw the position of his ball in a bunker near the 18th green on Friday, he frowned, and then slapped the butt end of his iron on the fringe several times.
Read more from At War here or follow us on Twitter.
They felt Paul, Weiss should extend that same benefit of the doubt to a promising minority candidate from a historically black school, and they felt like they were encountering some resistance in trying to do that.
It’s common courtesy to engage with people who are thoughtful in reaching out.
Helen Moses, still not married to Howie Zeimer, turned 94 at the Hebrew Home in the Riverdale section of the Bronx: a fall, some Parkinson’s-like symptoms, then internal bleeding.
Dumplings and rice bowls topped with bing fillings, a new item, are also on the menu, as are more vegetarian and vegan jianbing selections.
But when she realized he was there, her reaction was unmistakable: Her face broke into an ecstatic grin.
After a bruising time last year, when the show came under fire after just one woman won a solo award on the air — and the chief executive of the Recording Academy, Neil Portnow, commented that women in music should “step up” to advance their careers — the Grammys made a series of changes in their membership and nominations process that were meant to address their underlying problems.
Mr. Batocabe was leaving Congress and had announced his intention to run against Mr. Baldo in Daraga’s mayoral election in May.
Officials predicted that wind chill readings could plummet to minus 50 in Chicago and minus 60 in Minneapolis.
“Teddy and I walk in a park in the Shahram neighborhood everyday, and the police are actually very friendly to us,” she said.
Representative Maxine Waters, a California Democrat and prolific Trump tormentor, slipped in, too.
But mostly, it is bound to “Paradise” by the milieu itself — a mostly white, poverty-stricken community that is reckoning with a terrible secret in the forest outside town.
The money is ostensibly for legitimate assistance, but it also seems to paper over all that’s potentially fraught about race.
Feeling duped, he declared his opposition to the war in 2005 and pressed the administration for an exit strategy from Iraq.
“It has been terrible,” said Ms. Caviedes, a single mother whose 10-year-old son is partially blind and autistic.
La decepción ha sido mayúscula.
The power games Boesman and Lena play with each other, fighting over their few prerogatives of wine and shelter, obviously recapitulated the greed and sadism of their white oppressors.
Sacó un libro del estante, se hincó en una rodilla y lo abrió.
“I don’t believe that he would have allowed that to happen, it just wasn’t to his advantage to allow that to happen,” he added.
I didn’t enjoy my turn at being trolled, but I feel defiantly attached to my essay.
It is highly unusual for a witness, much less an official serving in an acting capacity, to challenge the chairman of a congressional committee that oversees his department.
Thailand also has stringent lèse-majesté laws that criminalize insults to the monarchy, and prosecutions of this crime have increased significantly in recent years.
Wasn’t it women musicians who demanded these blind auditions, and hasn’t their merit been recognized from behind the screens?
And in “A Peek at Your New Plate: How You’ll Be Eating in 2019,” Kim Severson writes: More vegetables.
and now teaches at Brooklyn Law School, said the league often waits until legal cases are resolved before penalties are assessed.
Let’s see this new Congress put some teeth into some real security measures that will protect our country and bring truth to the table.
But now the numbers tell a different story, and it’s one with lessons for the world.
We’ve seen this happen again and again.
Filtering the full range of content demanded by the government would not only violate privacy and freedom of expression, the company wrote, but would also be so challenging that “the cost of even attempting compliance will be prohibitive.” Trade groups representing the largest tech companies have made similar arguments in their filings.
CARACAS, Venezuela — Risking arrest, Venezuela’s opposition leader attended a rally on Friday in his first public appearance since he declared himself president, and told supporters to maintain pressure on the authorities “if they dare to kidnap me.” The rally in eastern Caracas, where at least 500 people converged in a square ringed by police officers, was peaceful and orderly, and there was no immediate indication that the opposition leader, Juan Guaidó, would be taken into custody, as many had feared.
We had a similar but colder arctic blast a few years back that left me sitting in front of a fireplace in warm clothes, with a cup of tea and a book.
Mr. Trump’s go-to in the private bank was Rosemary Vrablic, a senior banker in its New York office.
The first is to those who fear that the government’s strategy is to run down the clock to the 29th of March.
My colleague Ivan Penn, who covers energy, wrote about how those moves by lawmakers followed extensive lobbying pushes by PG&E and other utilities.
What’s the best book you’ve ever received as a gift?
(Vicky Goldberg) 617-267-9300, mfa.org ‘BLUE PRINTS: THE PIONEERING WORK OF ANNA ATKINS’ at New York Public Library, Stephen A. Schwarzman Building (through Feb. 17).
The man, Mr. Parker said, asked if he had lost a child at Sandy Hook.
The company said separately in an earlier statement to The New York Times that it was working with American officials to figure out how its technology was being used.
Paola J. Martinez, a friend of the couple who became a Universal Life minister for the occasion, officiated.
Most were charged with planting, carrying or wearing bombs, and many of them, like Muslim, were accused of trying to become suicide bombers.
The reporter holding the microphone is asking risky questions, especially because all of the other reporters could fall if he asks something that Donald Trump finds offensive.
“Everybody burst into applause,” Mr. Goodman told The Associated Press in 1992.
Born in the 1870s to former slaves in the post-bellum South, Garrett A. Morgan had only six years of formal education.
At a news conference after his summit meeting in Vietnam on Thursday, President Trump said that there was “reasonably decent” news coming from India and Pakistan and “hopefully it’s going to be coming to an end.” From the beginning of the showdown, Pakistan’s military publicity wing has demonstrated a knack for dominating the narrative.
The talk-show host Jimmy Kimmel has gotten laughs by challenging parents to give their children unimpressive presents and then record their reactions.
What do you think will be the final score?
In China, he said, “I was a refugee all the time,” escaping bombing, war, bandits and famine, but on the border, “life was so relaxed, the countryside so beautiful.” A memorial to those who lost their lives in 2018 In that job, he translated letters, but he mainly entertained the maharajah’s bored young wife by playing badminton with her.
No, that’s not off base at all.
Viacom’s chief executive, Robert M. Bakish, has been working on an extended turnaround of the ailing media company, which counts MTV, Nickelodeon and the Paramount film studios in its portfolio.
MOSCOW — Even given the rotten state of diplomatic relations between Russia and the United States, having a famous St. Petersburg cathedral choir sing a ballad to nuking America might seem like an odd choice.
Mr. Hynes had opposed the death penalty long before the state revived it in 1995.
Ng Lok-Chun, a senior police superintendent, later said that about 400 people had been arrested, and that charges included taking part in an illegal assembly and possessing weapons.
“I can’t even trust what’s written on the label anymore,” said Madeline L. Whitney, 18, a freshman at the University of Notre Dame who is allergic to sesame.
1981 season Behind the innovative short-passing scheme of Coach Bill Walsh, the San Francisco 49ers win their first Super Bowl.
If something promised to fix my self-hatred that easily, why not let it?
Some came to the zoo’s defense.
(Sterigenics said the report had “purposefully relied upon a worst-case scenario for assessing risk.”) The report became a liability for the incumbent Republican, Peter Roskam, who had received campaign contributions from the American Chemistry Council.
Studies have shown that patients with penicillin allergies are at increased risk for developing serious infections like Clostridium difficile, methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), and vancomycin-resistant enterococcus.
By 12, she was road-tripping with her family to Manhattan for gigs with established musicians.
Soon after Rike leaves Gibraltar, she is enveloped by the ocean, and the movie shifts into the visual and auditory minimalism that defines its alluring, almost hypnotically soothing first third.
Some Egyptians say they can’t afford to reach the new site.
Ramírez, antiguo dirigente del Cartel del Norte del Valle, les dijo con calma a los miembros del jurado que toda un ala de su organización se dedicaba a repartir los pagos.
It’s on the internet for anybody to see,” Ms. Warren said in December.
Three New Yorkers, backed by gun rights groups, are challenging an administrative rule that permits people with a license for a gun on a particular premise, like the owner’s home, to take it only to one of the seven shooting ranges in the city.
They then sell advertisers the ability to figure out whether you’re valuable enough for them to want to reach you, and if you are, how they should try to persuade you.
Their world got a little smaller, its mysteries a little more pressing.
Her role grew as the government became more involved in social welfare policy under President John F. Kennedy’s “New Frontier” efforts in the early 1960s.
Mr. Makavejev’s directing career was winding down by the early 1990s, but he remained full of ideas.
The bride’s first marriage ended in divorce, as did the groom’s.
His project is now the subject of an exhibition, “Interior Lives: Photographs of Chinese Americans in the 1980s,” organized by the Museum of Chinese in America in conjunction with the Museum of the City of New York exhibition, “Interior Lives: Contemporary Photographs of Chinese New Yorkers.” Both shows are on view through March 24.
Bartola (at a decibel level suggesting violations of the Geneva Conventions): NO!
Cash-strapped theaters took fewer risks in programming new work, Mr. Miller said.
Sansom describes 16th-century events in the crisply realistic style of someone watching them transpire right outside his window.
You’re never going to say there’s a Russia project.
and it helped trigger an epidemic.
Elizabeth Gilbert, who has “done” the book three times, said there would be no “Eat, Pray, Love,” without “The Artist’s Way.” Without it, there might be no adult coloring books, no journaling fever.
11 Aryna Sabalenka — were not.
“There is absolutely no place in our democracy for manipulating facts or using falsehoods to gain political power.” Mr. Jones, the politician who benefited from the operation, angrily denounced it and called for a federal investigation.
I had parents who could help, not a ton, but I lived at home a couple of years longer.
Venezuela sigue ocupando nuestra cobertura y preocupando a nuestros lectores, quienes han compartido distintos puntos de vista sobre la situación que se vive en el país.
In Syria, whatever one’s view of the tragic and long-debated trajectory of the conflict or past policy decisions, the United States has few remaining, achievable interests at stake: preventing the Islamic State from regaining territorial control, protecting the predominantly Kurdish forces on whom Washington relied to do most of the counterterrorist fighting and supporting our allies in their efforts to defend against threats emanating from Syrian territory.
“Goans’ attitude and openness allowed the hippie culture to thrive,” said Ms. Ramnacher, 58, who first came in the 1980s and now owns the popular Villa Blanche cafe here in Goa.
So it has been very dismaying to see how much commentary on these proposals either demands an immediate, detailed explanation of how Democrats would pay for their ideas, or dismisses the whole thing as impractical.
“But they have one thing in common: They use the justice system to wring revenue out of the poorest Americans — the people who can afford it the least.” Aside from taxes, she says, “criminal-justice debt is now a de facto way of funding a lot of American cities.” The jailing of poor defendants who cannot pay fines — a particularly insidious version of this revenue machine — has been ruled unconstitutional since a trio of Supreme Court cases spanning the 1970s and early 1980s.
We really have our little tribe now, our allies for life.
Election officials reported fires in several sites where ballot materials were being stored.
“Our steel industry was dying, and now it’s very vibrant.” But in the 10 months since the Trump administration imposed 25 percent tariffs on steel imports, prices in the United States have now fallen back to levels last seen before the tariffs were announced on March 1.
Jean-Yves Le Borgne, Mr. Ghosn’s French lawyer, said: “Carlos Ghosn paid for all of his wedding expenses.
I tell you, honestly, that I was not seeking a younger woman.
Their outlines generally matched other surface features crafted by glaciers around the world.
“I’ll put myself through the jokes and everything as long as I can shine a light on domestic violence and sexual assault and marital rape,” she said.
But Mr. Banks said the Council and Ms. Headley reminded him that his agency sometimes falls short.
The choreographers Nora Chipaumire, Beth Gill, Maria Hassabi, Sarah Michelson, Jennifer Monson, Okwui Okpokwasili, Pam Tanowitz and David Thomson will all receive support, with Ms. Chipaumire, Mr. Thomson, Ms. Gill and Ms. Michelson being given $15,000 a year and residency development space as part of a new branch of the program.
“What I don’t see are a lot of movement leaders.” Not long before CPAC last year, I asked Doug Hattaway, a gay Democratic strategist who was a senior adviser to Hillary Clinton’s 2008 presidential campaign, if he counted any gay conservatives as good friends.
“But no one ever will.”
Raised under austerity, angry at losing the huge state benefits their elders enjoyed, burdened with student debt and seeing few prospects for advancement, many millennials are turning to socialism, fracturing the Labour Party along generational lines between renewed radicalism and an older centrism in retreat.
Stephen McMahon, the district’s deputy superintendent, blamed much of the neighborhood opposition on the stigma against affordable housing.
“A menudo la representamos como víctima y conscientemente estamos tratando de redefinirla”, dijo Morris.
When the base wanted Mr. Trump embraced, he obeyed.
This is why we exist.
“Rather, we seek to understand how a company’s purpose informs its strategy and culture to underpin sustainable financial performance,” he wrote.
She is so haunted by memories of her time there that, she said, she rerouted a December trip to California to visit her mother and twin sister because her original itinerary required her to fly through Detroit.
I don’t want to be 23 again.
A few Tuesdays ago, the 24-year-old singer-songwriter Maggie Rogers’s single “Light On” displaced Mumford & Sons’ “Guiding Light” at the top of the first Billboard adult alternative songs chart of 2019 — one of the publication’s niche charts, but something she could get jazzed about all the same, if she let herself.
President Trumpreeled off a list of his favorite media personalities on Friday when asked who might have influenced his decision to declare a national emergency after Congress refused to give him money for a border wall.
Expertos legales afirman que esa podría ser una violación civil de las leyes estatales que rigen la forma en la que operan las fundaciones de beneficencia.
The result is superb, enthralling and necessarily terrifying.” NOBODY’S LOOKING AT YOU: Essays, by Janet Malcolm.
They have been invoked to support white supremacist views, and scientists routinely excoriate Dr. Watson when his name surfaces on social media.
The challenge of finding suitable fillers is one reason that most police departments around the country have abandoned live lineups.
Not all of the changes are progressive: In response to apparent widespread public demand, a clause was dropped that would have explicitly allowed same-sex marriage; another alteration reinstated language that describes Cuba’s ultimate political goal as “advancing toward communism.” There was also public pushback against a draft law prohibiting the accumulation of private property.
“It’s a futile gesture,” he told me — which, in the tightly controlled vocabulary of McConnell’s politics, is the gravest of insults.
Entre ellas: libros que he leído; libros que quiero leer; libros que empecé, pero no terminé porque no me gustaron; libros que comencé y me gustaron, pero cuya lectura no podía justificar debido a su contenido sexual gráfico o violento.
Mr. Moreno was only a teenager when the civil war started, but it is a chapter of his life that he has not tried — or perhaps managed — to close.
There is still too much at stake.
Charlie Beck, Los Angeles’s police chief at the time, wrote a letter that month to Google saying the app allowed people to target officers.
The Warriors, who have won three of the last four N.B.A.
“Because, as you remember, there wasn’t a lot of campaigning in Wisconsin in 2016,” she said.
Ms. Meng has been freed on bail in Vancouver, British Columbia, pending a decision on whether she should be extradited to the United States.
She first contacted Hervé Jaubert, whose website describes him as a former French intelligence officer and “no ordinary man,” who had once managed to escape Dubai in a small rubber boat by dressing as a woman.
From what you’ve said, I doubt this case meets that standard.
He encouraged his younger brother’s need for knowledge through the ideas of Marx and Che Guevara.
That people are seeking political solutions to rapid societal changes is no surprise.
Up until that point, the Patriots had seemingly been doing anything they wanted, using runs and short passes to expose a front-seven that is good at rushing the passer but far worse at putting up with the quick hits that the Patriots can accomplish with their small wide receivers and their talented group of running backs.
But the promises lack any teeth because of lax enforcement on the ground and, sometimes, corruption as business owners pay off officials and regulators.
The loft had a sloping ceiling and no door, just a staircase.
The Justice Department also filed a civil complaint in the same case, seeking to prevent the companies from transferring any technology involving the memory chips outside the United States.
“I just had to have this photo exist in the real world so I could look at it forever.” As the brand manager for the Brooklyn-based chocolatier Raaka, Mullan was already in the habit of shooting products against pastel-colored backdrops, and he applied the same treatment to his rare and beloved apples over the next year or so.
Hundreds of thousands of Christians fled Iraq during the sectarian bloodshed that followed the American invasion in 2003, or were pushed out of northern Iraq and Syria as the Islamic State spread across the region starting in 2014 and imposed an extreme form of Islam on local populations.
When the last episode of “Friends” aired in 2004, fans watched on big screens by the Hudson River Park, and even places like the sports-themed 40/40 club adjusted their television sets so patrons could watch.
The government shutdown has caused museums in Washington to close and has put exhibitions like the National Gallery of Art’s Tintoretto show, originally scheduled to open on March 10, at risk.
“Oh, it’s you again,” a part of my mind observed, happily but almost casually.
This is a good time to develop a rapport without the worry of an exam looming in the background.
In an email he wrote that, as one of his colleagues says, he is “neither pro-opioid nor anti-opioid, but pro-patient.” He wrote: “A very small percent of my chronic pain patients are prescribed opioids, no more than five to 10 at any time out of many hundreds of children and teens in my patient panel.” But he argued that, based on the data on misuse and addiction, “in the absence of risk factors or concerns about the child’s home environment, I am more concerned about deleterious effects of untreated pain than I am about creating somebody with substance abuse disorder.” And opioid abuse is not an overriding concern, he said, “in children or adolescents who are prescribed them rationally and appropriately.” There is definitely a new onus on doctors to make sure that the prescribing is rational and appropriate, especially around some of the most common situations in which opioids are prescribed, including dental procedures, orthopedic procedures and emergency room visits.
Representatives for both Mr. Lyovochkin and Mr. Akhmetov said they neither requested nor received the data, and would have had no use for it.
On Dec. 29, the Maltese authorities refused to let both that vessel and the Professor Albrecht Penck, even enter its waters.
As with compression, clipping can be done artistically — it may even aid and abet a certain dissonance that fits the music.
Robbie: Is holding it in mid-February purely coincidental or is that a conscious decision because of Valentine’s Day?
“Black Parade” was very theatrical, and we had this song “Mama,” and I said, “You know, it would be really great in this one part to get Liza.” Rob Cavallo, the producer, made a couple of calls and she said she would love to do it.
Plus, a Times Talks event.
Experts generally agree that the problem is more widespread than the military acknowledges.
The coils lie in a corner of the factory, on a grease-stained patch of concrete.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
Ambas partes han fijado el próximo sábado como la fecha límite para una ambiciosa campaña por tierra y mar que llevaría suministros humanitarios a través de Colombia, Brasil y el Caribe y hasta las manos de miles de venezolanos que han sufrido el colapso económico más grave que la región ha enfrentado en generaciones.
Sobre su cuello colgó un cartel en referencia al humor mórbido: “¿Es muy pronto?”.
A tiebreaker was in order.
As much as Tsitsipas tried to inflict damage with flat returns, Nadal rarely seemed rushed.
So we can use that money for the baby’s college fund, and it was extremely nice of him to do that for us,” said Mr. Onello.
Our friends are close; they are who we see at home, school, and work.
We have raised concerns about military tactics that cost civilians their lives and been skeptical of the Pentagon’s relentlessly rosy assessments of the progress made and the likelihood of success.
I work in a small regional office of financial analysts.
Tesla could have made part of the bond payment in stock if its share price had been above $360, a level it exceeded for part of last year.
When Ms. Sascau’s father became ill and then passed away, that’s when they grew closer.
Lower-level officials have strong incentives to jump onto Mr. Xi’s bandwagon, especially when he signals a policy priority clearly and consistently.
Esta situación conlleva altas expectativas de los simpatizantes… y genera presión en las autoridades para amordazarlo, señaló.
Statisticians, computer scientists and graphic artists in the “data viz” field have the goal to clearly and efficiently communicate the story behind the data.
Under what I call the “constant companion model,” we now see our smartphones as always-on portals to information.
And that’s exactly the point.
I’m glad this is a conversation right now, and I think there’s room for improvement throughout our industry.
Eventually, we stopped talking altogether, at least in any meaningful way.
This means requiring thicker capital cushions for the big banks and tighter leveraged loan underwriting standards.
| Sign up for the Science Times newsletter.]
The grand opening of the food components for this instant neighborhood collection of shiny new towers just north of Chelsea is scheduled for March 15.
But if Mr. Schultz runs, it is easier to imagine how he could draw more votes from the Democratic candidate than from the president.
_____________________ Today’s On Politics briefing was compiled by Isabella Grullón Paz in New York.
But today, highlights flood fans’ Twitter timelines immediately: a buzzer beater on loop seconds after it drops through the net; a touchdown from multiple angles before referees have ruled it good.
Other times, it pays to let logic and strategy prevail.
SpaceX, the private rocket company founded by the billionaire Elon Musk, is laying off about 10 percent of its work force in what it framed as a necessary cutback to position the company for an unchartered future.
“She has such a unique creative vision and aesthetic that is very much her own,” he said.
“For the sake of argument,” the narrator (a recording of Mr. Ashley, who died in 2014) tells us near the beginning, “Don is Spain in 1492 and Linda is the Jews.” The various places and people in their path, moreover, represent figures and themes in the history of the Jewish people in the centuries since the Spanish expulsion.
But Burke has not seen anyone quite like Shiffrin, the daughter of ski racers who was born in Vail, Colo., and moved to New Hampshire with her family at age 8.
They would have access to insurance that would pay for their hospital care and further visits to doctors.
In this short 1636 duo, the Virgin Mary (soprano Alice Teyssier) holds the baby Jesus in her arms, trying to get the restless infant to sleep, though she is overcome with premonitions of the suffering that awaits him.
Instead, they want to turn retsina into a cultural tradition of which modern Greeks can be proud.
That is likely to be a key theme of the Senate confirmation hearing next week for Mr. Trump’s nominee for attorney general, William P. Barr, who could soon oversee the Mueller investigation.
Andrew M. Cuomo of New York and Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York City, both articulate in criticizing President Trump for his autocratic ways, themselves ignored established land-use procedures and failed to consult with local officials or community groups in their haste to reach an agreement with Amazon.
In other places, the barrier is nothing more than short, metal poles spaced out to keep vehicles from driving through, or low, wooden fences that run alongside pedestrian paths.
The other Goodreads forum has its Vine people too, and they all have Vine, and Amazon has them all.
The stark ads, featuring stern-looking images of Ms. Ocasio-Cortez, offer a preview of how Republicans intend to vilify her in much the same way they have vilified Speaker Nancy Pelosi, caricaturing her as a radical from San Francisco.
The TV family is much more diverse than in the comic.
Steve Bruyn, Foresight’s chief executive, said the number of car-shopping attendees had recently grown, a gain he attributed to greater interest by millennials.
____________________ President Trump will meet for the second time with Kim Jong-un of North Korea this week.
Organizers called for scrapping a Hitler-era law that makes it a crime for doctors to advertise that they perform abortions.
For Mr. Armani, the project will add yet another task to a vast portfolio that includes apparel, accessories, eyewear, watches, perfumes, furniture and home décor.
“Her questions instruct me in some way how I can live my life.” Still, there’s no mistaking that “When Death Comes” also has taught me about life’s final chapter: Death.
Along the way, Colbert got to do one of his favorite things: Equate Trump with a dog.
He speaks quietly, although his mouth often twists into an expression of petulant smugness.
In a separate tweet, the president mocked Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut, who made misleading statements about his military service during the Vietnam War.
How can anyone in New York hope to make sense of the mess in London when the government in Washington is closed one day, set to re-open the next and in danger of shutting down again soon?
He wished all of Athletic’s players shared his values.
Opening a window helps, but it also lets in noise from nearby construction, especially in the morning.
But Maduro has been cultivating loyalty among the military for years.
“Bohemian Rhapsody,” the Queen biopic, rolled out on 4,000 screens in North America in November and has played more than 10,000 locations worldwide over the course of its run.
She used this strategy when she prepared runners for the Western States 100-Mile Endurance Run, in which the track goes through canyons with stagnant 110-degree air.
Mr. Pompeo also said at a news conference in Washington that he was evaluating the security situation at the embassy in Caracas daily.
Investors had been concerned that additional rate increases would weigh on growth.
“No, I don’t care,” he replied.
After the game, they steered a similar course, brushing aside any questions related to matters out of their control, and instead focusing on the challenges awaiting them in the knockout rounds.
But because it’s hard to memorize a whole new song, “they’re simplifying it to make it easy to learn so much new material all at once.” Humpback songs have a lot of repeating patterns, which might make them easier to remember, just as rhymes at the end of poetry lines aid memorization, Dr. Allen said.
to get vulnerable people the help and shelter they need in this extreme cold weather, while taking steps at the same time to maintain a pleasant and safe traveling environment for our riders.” This winter, the M.T.A.
Dean spoke to Jack Shainman, Marshall’s dealer, about the history of the painting, and then took Combs to Sotheby’s to view it.
My second piece of advice will be familiar to regular readers of this newsletter.
What happened: Mr. Sánchez was hoping to pass a national budget to address inequalities that have come with Spain’s economic recovery.
The pickpockets are watching, too.
His non-call may also lead to change.
This year will be her 69th as an immigrant in this country.
And with the new fallen snow — especially if it is heavy and wet — comes the risk of avalanches.
“We’re listening sensitively to the messages markets are sending,” Mr. Powell said Friday.
The ban was developed in secret, without the sort of careful study that went into the policy it reversed.
But behind Selanne and Kurri in career points per game by Finnish players are four active members of the N.H.L., all of them under 25.
(1993) In the series of interviews between two Mexican critics and Buñuel transcribed in this book, the director discusses his artistic vision.
Poverty has risen to 94 percent from 27 percent.
“Today Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to by me as Pocahontas, joined the race for President,” he wrote.
Call the neurologists, I’ve figured out the impossible: I’m buying back brain space.
I followed all the appropriate protocols in reporting sexual harassment, exactly as I was trained.
Facebook: The social media company said it deleted nearly 500 pages and accounts related to two disinformation campaigns originating from Russia that targeted users in Eastern Europe and Central Asia.
Billboard reported that it was the first time that a solo female artist has had more than one week at No.
BARTLETT On more than one occasion, someone, when I meet them, goes,“Oh I didn’t realize you were black.” It’s like, “Um, O.K.
Anti-Semitism in Poland is not new, either.
GraceAnn Caramico and Alfonse Robert Muglia were married Jan. 5.
In addition to his son Clay, who was a goalie with the Phoenix Roadrunners of the World Hockey Association for two seasons in the 1970s, Hebenton is survived by another son, Tim; three daughters, Melanie Walker, Karen Hebenton and Terry Fisher; eight grandchildren; and four great-grandchildren.
He was among a pack chasing Doug Sanders, who was three shots ahead after the third round, and he had injured a rib earlier in the year, sidelining him for two months.
“Their role is always very well communicated, and they can go out and experience some success.
The lights in many of the apartments do not go on at night because many of the units have been sold to foreign owners who spend relatively little time in New York.
In inviting a comparison to Mann’s masterpiece, Mendelsund has set a difficult task for himself.
For all his appeal as a Democratic candidate, he has few major accomplishments to point to as the mayor of Los Angeles, a famously decentralized place where the mayor has lesser powers than one would in other major cities.
The exchange was a revelation.
Dance and devotion have met frequently in Wilson’s works over the decades, from the ring shouts practiced by enslaved Africans to the dancing of Spiritual Baptists in Trinidad and Tabago.
They say hundreds of Taliban fighters have been killed in recent weeks.
But even many of the straight adaptations (Jane Campion’s “The Portrait of a Lady,” on Friday, Sunday and Jan. 21) have eccentricities that upend costume drama conventions.212-255-2243, quadcinema.com TO SAVE AND PROJECT: THE 16TH MOMA INTERNATIONAL FESTIVAL OF FILM PRESERVATION at the Museum of Modern Art (through Jan. 31).
The British screenwriter Sarah Phelps has been taking liberties with Agatha Christie’s mystery tales, on behalf of the Christie estate and the BBC, for a while now — “ABC Murders,” based on the 1936 novel of the same name, is the fourth mini-series she’s adapted from the books.
Sadly or fortuitously, “What the Constitution Means to Me” is even more urgent as it moves to Broadway, where performances begin on March 14.
I respect her greatly – and she did not deserve that.
He said that after he fired the first shot at Ms. Gaines, her shotgun discharged twice.
I was, like, ‘This cannot be an apartment building.
And also in the simplest of poses: just being still.
La semana pasada, The Wall Street Journal informó que desde hace tiempo los funcionarios del gobierno de Trump tienen en la mira a Cuba y buscan detener los avances de China y Rusia en la región.
“Even now when I watch it, I can’t believe it.
Electric vehicles will be a hot topic at the showcase, which opens to the news media and industry executives on Monday and to the public on Saturday.
Ericsson and Nokia, which declined to comment, have fallen behind Huawei in market share over the past decade, struggling to match its rival’s lower prices and large investments in 5G and other emerging technology.
Organizations receiving money through the federal family planning program, called Title X, will still be able to perform abortions but will have to do so in a separate facility from their other operations and adhere to the new requirement that they not refer patients to it.
“I felt a lot of support,” she said.
Three police officers were also wounded in the fighting, which continued for two hours.
[The New York Times] • And you know you’re curious: Check out the Golden Globes looks.
Mr. Cook said in a call with financial analysts that he believed the iPhone’s high price had hurt sales in emerging markets, and that Apple had dropped prices in a number of them.
You have to be patient.
$137 billion: The net worth of Jeff Bezos, Amazon’s chief executive and the world’s richest man.
Mr. Lighthizer, a longtime China hard-liner and the administration’s top negotiator, is expected to face tough questioning from Democrats seeking assurances Mr. Trump will not accept a watered-down deal and declare victory.
No hay nada que les guste más a los padres chinos que alardear de cuán maravillosos son sus hijos.
Mr. Solis said he tried to bring about electoral reform and other measures like plebiscites that would have opened up the democratic process, but “it was not to be.” His conversations with the president, he said, were perfectly civil.
Aunque Estados Unidos no ha reconocido formalmente a Guaidó como líder, funcionarios estadounidenses de alto rango han denunciado a Maduro y han dejado claro que respaldan los esfuerzos del opositor para que haya un gobierno de transición.
At the Manhattan storefront, this is edited down into a sundae of vanilla soft-serve topped with nata de coco, chickpeas and a daub of ube halaya (half-custard, half-jam) — the best parts, too few, and gone too quickly.
I wanted to own the result.
El ministro del Poder Popular para la Comunicación y la Información Jorge Rodríguez dijo el lunes que los conciertos del sábado y el domingo tendrían el eslogan “Para la guerra nada” y “Fuera manos de Venezuela”.
Vance, the author of “Hillbilly Elegy,” and Tara Westover, who wrote “Educated,” escaped physical and psychological horror is the dose of Charles Dickens that makes these two memoirs so memorable.
Church leaders know full well that the priesthood would be decimated if closeted gay men were exposed and expelled.
Forty years ago, with the lightning speed characteristic of the Golden State, all of that changed.
If the issue’s with the wall, deal with the wall later.
Long chipped in twice on the back nine to remain in contention.
On Thursday, security forces were deployed in large numbers in the capital.
The former chief prosecutor of the Southern District of New York, Bharara was fired by President Trump in 2017.
“This is new life,” he continued, as he shuffled through pictures of dead fetuses and studies purporting to link abortion to breast cancer that he shows to women seeking abortions.
I’ve had the few affairs Diana advised, and then a few on top of that.
Her thesis examined the marginalization of black artists at exhibitions in England.
According to Ms. Warren, “The Front Runner” has sold more than 11 million copies and been translated into more than 10 languages.
Elliott called his performance “legendary,” which even by Texas standards seemed to be a stretch.
But the way it went off revealed the depths of the country’s disorder.
“The younger generation wants to know where and how their products are being made,” she said.
This, of course, is a complicated and highly intellectual process that, if it could be boiled down to a single sound, would consist mainly of “What?” It took a while for me to understand Randolph Ross’s theme, but that’s par for the course on most Thursdays.
“The rental market is extremely tight,” she said.
“From an evolutionary prioritization perspective, I think most of this comes down to gating mechanisms we have in place for denoting and ‘tagging’ incoming stimuli as important for the continuation of our existence,” Nicco Reggente, Ph.D., a cognitive neuroscientist at the Tiny Blue Dot Foundation, said.
Stay tuned after the reading to hear more from him, Mr. Pfeffer and the Modern Love editor Daniel Jones.
Ms. Pelosi has argued that it is Mr. Trump’s intransigence — and Mr. McConnell’s refusal to allow a vote on House bills that would reopen the government but not fund a border wall, despite the Senate’s passage of such a measure last month — that is putting the nation at risk.
Celery has more fat than he does.
“It started during President Andrew Jackson’s presidency,” said Rhae Lynn Barnes, a professor of American cultural history at Princeton and the author of the forthcoming “Darkology: When the American Dream Wore Blackface.” She added that minstrel shows and blackface performances both reinforced and popularized the “stereotype of the dimwitted slave who was happy to be in the South.” For showbusiness impresarios, there was money to be made in perpetuating such stereotypes.
“I don’t know how it gets resolved.”
He was tackled for a 1-yard loss by safety Derwin James.
A professional entertainer since she was 9, Ms. Lee had performed as recently as July, at Symphony Space in Manhattan as part of the New York City Tap Festival.
… Cooking is a time-wasting experience.” When Chinonso enters a Turkish police station, he’s stunned at the orderliness; likewise, the silence of a city bus unnerves him.
That’s just one of the effects of the shutdown.
You can get ‘The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel’ or Nespresso pods on demand.”
He said in court filings that the singer’s estate, which had been “nearly out of funds,” had raised its worth to at least $20 million since 2014, because of the singer’s “increased well being and her capacity to be engaged.” He added, “The next several years promise to be very lucrative.”
By agreeing to a bloodless transition that allowed some Communist figures to remain in public life, he believed political leaders had failed to eradicate the Soviet infection.
rights in the United States.
But in a speech on Monday, Ms. Tsai said Taiwan’s 23 million people wanted to maintain their self-rule, and she warned against reading the recent setbacks of her Democratic Progressive Party as a rejection of that principle.
MICHAEL COOPER ECSTATIC MUSIC FESTIVAL Among its other skills, the Bang on a Can organization is smart about fund-raising.
People are forced to listen to ideological lectures, sing hymns praising the Chinese Communist Party and write “self-criticism” essays.
I chose my favorite brewery for our first date.
El infiltrado del KKKlan es una de las dos nominadas a mejor película que también compite como mejor guion adaptado (la otra es Nace una estrella) y, aunque el filme es la mejor oportunidad que ha tenido Lee de ganar un Oscar, los votantes probablemente decidan que el de guion es suficiente.
And they appreciated the school’s mission to encourage doctors to work in primary care, helping underserved communities.
“The story is yet to be written,” Cashman said.
The site has lost money for most of the years it has been in operation, not unusual for a start-up.
Good morning, We’re covering the prospects of a border security deal in Washington, as well as the verdict in El Chapo’s drug trial.
The French ideas, like a drum of pig’s trotter under a fried quail egg with flageolets and other beans, or the darkly seared duck breast with melting foie gras and a savory triangle of duck leg, dates and pistachios in brik pastry, have an easy inevitability.
Or you might start living a bunch of new fantasy lives in your head that you’d rather live out.
Marc Short, the former White House director of legislative affairs, pointed out the vocal support Mr. Trump had received from some federal employees.
Victory donuts — as those exuberant, rubber-burning celebrations have come to be known — might be ubiquitous in auto racing now, but they were not common in Nascar until 1998.
Wade Robson, un coreógrafo que trabajó con Britney Spears, y James Safechuck, un programador informático que apareció en comerciales cuando fue niño, afirmaron que conocieron a Jackson cuando tenían 7 y 10 años, respectivamente, y aseguraron que abusó de ellos durante años.
The success of their efforts would depend on the voluntary adoption of standards.
After graduating from the historically black Howard University and getting an M.A.
South Korean officials indicated today that Mr. Trump and Mr. Kim could agree to declare an end to the 1950-53 Korean War during their meeting.
and intelligence agencies 41 Hillary Clinton and her 2016 campaign James B. Comey 26 Obama administration 23 News media 14 2017 July 2018 July 2019 67 attacks Number of attacks by Trump, each month Russia investigations 60 2017 April July October 2018 April July October 2019 F.B.I., Justice Dept.
“It is hard just like a natural birth is hard, and you’re still amazing for going through that,” Dr. Nair said.
“White Dragon,” shown on ITV in Britain last year with the supremely dull but less Orientalist title “Strangers,” is no “Chinatown.” But it has its merits: the minor but distinct pleasures of location filming in Hong Kong, and the more serious attraction of compelling casting.
Dab a little hand sanitizer on your key, carefully work it into the keyhole, and the alcohol will melt the ice.
I’m very proud of myself.”
“It’s just so weirdly specific,” he said.
Two days before Tuesday’s State of the Union address, a deadly shooting on a Queens subway platform catapulted the gang’s brutality back onto the national stage.
5 position is a 35-year-old police officer.
Fans in places like Cleveland and Minnesota would love to have this problem.
Especially with Donald Trump as president, we do not need any more “off with their heads” attitudes in national politics.
He started a GoFundMe called “Help me go to the bachelor party of a stranger” and the rest is viral history.
The film has been shortlisted for an Academy Award.
For Mr. Quah of Hot Pod, “that’s part of the fun of it.” “A lot of the world feels a little boring sometimes, so having that layer on top of it is great,” he said.
Working against him: This year’s race may be too stacked with heavyweight names for Burnham to slip through.
If there’s an upside to the crushing defeat of Prime Minister Theresa May’s laboriously negotiated plan for withdrawing from the European Union, it is that staring in the face of an exit without a deal 10 weeks from now may finally compel British lawmakers to accept reality.
Once, walking to the street from the subway, I heard shouting.
As the money flows in, so do the guns, and the old codes of honor and reciprocity are corroded by acquisitiveness and vanity.
But only two men have witnessed it all from the start.
While there’s no doubt that generations of kids being told to clean their plates because of hungry children in Ethiopia or Bangladesh spurred fledgling notions of American exceptionalism, our current habit of throwing away entire lunches (and outfits and everything else we buy without using) strikes me as far worse, part of an American myopia that never considers anyone else at all.
“Cute!” was the verdict of a group of tourists between the ages of 13 and 66, who recently brunched at the Tuscan-themed Pentimento restaurant in Stony Brook Village Center (having been talked out of Country House, where there was a 40-minute wait).
A congenital abnormality would have been present on both sides of the femur, not just one.
The answer to “Big affair” is FETE.
Last year, the country was outraged by the murders of Jan Kuciak, a journalist who was investigating ties between politicians and mafia figures, and his fiancée, Martina Kusnirova.
Needy families could keep receiving food assistance.
“People have the right to judge my actions, however no one knows what I was thinking in that critical moment.” Afterward, Joseph McMahon, the special prosecutor, said he was satisfied with the sentence even though it was much less than what he had sought.
“Si estas sanciones no obligan a que el gobierno de Maduro se retire pronto, provocarán mucho dolor a la gente”, dijo José Bodas, un líder petrolero sindical que se opone al gobierno en Puerto La Cruz.
Glued to the BBC over the past few days, some of us, awed by such riveting political theater, could not help envying at least the style with which the British have handled their own bout of madness.
“They always just focused on it.” Lorena Bobbitt talks about the night she cut off her husband's penis and the abuse that drove her to it.
La mayoría de los inmigrantes indocumentados son personas que se quedan más tiempo del permitido por su visa, no gente que atraviesa la frontera.
Douglas Pick, a lawyer for the Katris and the brokerage firm, also denied that his clients were involved and said the city has not provided any evidence that Airbnb had disbursed payments to them.
When they do show up within a big pool of cells, they’re so rare, they’re presumed to be errors.
The question became what to do in 2003, the next time that Earth and Mars would be close enough to send another spacecraft.
In 1959, she married Prince Radziwill, 20 years her senior, who had arrived in London in 1946 and made a fortune in real estate.
Its sweeping targets also include supplying 100 percent of the country’s electricity from renewable and zero-emissions sources within a decade; digitizing the nation’s power grid; upgrading every building to be more energy efficient; and overhauling factories and transportation, including cars, trucks and trains “as much as is technologically feasible” to remove greenhouse emissions.
He offered to bike home with me.
El Ramadán, mes sagrado del islam, quizá se celebre en verano un año y en invierno varios años después.
Then there is the rosebush their father brought from their old home, blooming wildly and differently from the gorgeous ones around it, never fitting in any more than Elodee does.
To say, as progressives sometimes do, that Jews are “colonizers” in Israel is anti-Semitic because it advances the lie that there is no ancestral or historic Jewish tie to the land.
On one side of the debate are anti-Iran hard-liners, who argue that “this is Iran on the Mediterranean, that Hezbollah uses the Lebanese political elite and the Lebanese government as a thin veil for political cover,” Mr. Maksad said.
“Americans had elected a liar,” he writes, “and now the liar turned his guns on the truth.” Rusbridger’s anguish over the assault on fact is leavened by rueful recognition that Trump’s abuses, in partnership with social media’s penchant for magnifying them, may carry a pale silver lining.
Mustafa Akyol is a senior fellow on Islam and modernity at the Cato Institute and the author, most recently, of “The Islamic Jesus.” Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
Kenan Memorial Stadium, where the University of North Carolina’s football teams have played for 90 years, was originally named for William R. Kenan, a 19th century merchant who led the massacre of dozens of black residents of Wilmington.
Three-toed sloths are not known for their dietary flexibility—they tend to rely on a small handful of plants.
“It’s like a fully functioning office but cooler, and I like the synergy with the other people who are also working,” he said.
I love the line, “The difference between a 91 and a 99 is a life.” So true.
Jamal Khashoggi: Saudi Arabia’s public prosecutor formally requested the death penalty for five suspects in the killing of the dissident — but didn’t provide their names, the roles they played in the crime or any other details.
And they allow the police to analyze results themselves, instead of needing outside labs and waiting a month or more.
In the wake of the Smollett case, State Representative Nick Zerwas, a Minnesota Republican, said that he planned to introduce legislation this session increasing the penalty for falsely reporting a hate crime.
He used that access to argue to Mr. Trump that the United States has never had more leverage to extract structural reforms on intellectual property, forced transfer of technology from American companies and cybercrime.
I’m being as professional as I can, because you’re on the court with Serena Williams.
As an honorary colonel of the Queen’s Royal Irish Hussars, where Mr. Currie was once a sergeant major, the prince made annual visits to the troops.
For more news on climate and the environment, follow @NYTClimate on Twitter.
Like the mold of educational children’s shows, human decency is the premise.
Men who could complete at least 11 push-ups had less risk of developing heart problems in the following decade than those who could complete fewer than 10, they found.
I do notice that people are declaring more and more fake news, where they go, fake news.
Unless your lease states otherwise, your landlord cannot charge you for this.
And when World War II neared its end with the atomic bombing of Hiroshima, that came after 1,339 days of battle.
In November, for example, Qualtrics, an analytics start-up, sold to SAP for $8 billion just days before it was set to ring the opening bell at Nasdaq.
The couple met on the dating app Tinder in August 2015, after Mr. Grant just made it within Ms. Morrison’s very strict geographical boundary of 10 kilometers, or 6.2 miles.
Toying fruitlessly with themes of reincarnation and the transmigration of souls, “The Prodigy” gives the audience little to muse on except who will make it to the end credits.
El gobierno de Nicolás Maduro fue acusado ayer de estar bloqueando los caminos desde Cúcuta, Colombia, para no permitir el paso de ayuda humanitaria —paquetes de alimentos, medicinas y bienes que escasean en el país— obtenida por la oposición con ayuda estadounidense.
As president, Mr. Trump has ultimate authority over information that passes through the government, but his interventions were unusual.
Mr. Krueger and Mr. Katz say that: • After the recession, the labor market was on shaky ground.
Mr. Murphy, progressive Democratic groups and Republicans all opposed the effort; Mr. Sweeney eventually announced that he would not bring the measure for a final Senate vote.
The outcry that followed resulted in the cancellation of red carpet events for the film, which stars Neeson as a Colorado snowplow driver avenging a son’s death.
They’re…some of them have started their own small businesses.
• The Atlantic explores our new national religion of “workism” — and how it’s making us all miserable.
A survey of 270 importers in the United States conducted in late December and early January by Panjiva, a trade data service, found that 71 percent planned to change how and where they bought their goods if tariffs stayed unchanged.
A Purdue spokesman dismissed contentions in the lawsuit that the company promoted high-dose opioid use.
[Read the story] “As soon as black women could afford to buy mink coats, white society and white women said fur was all wrong.” An examination of the cultural disavowal of fur.
This reasoning was abandoned by post-Cold War presidents, and especially by George W. Bush, in the heady days when it appeared that America could project power as easily in Kabul as in the Caribbean.
The couple met in 2013 at Harvard, from which they each received a law degree.
She previously reported on China technology for The Wall Street Journal.
“Gabe and I met eight years ago now, maybe longer, and we have a real trust in our relationship.” In separate interviews, both editors said they don’t expect to divide the workload into distinct subject areas, aside from a few exceptions.
On the appointed night of the show, in came Susanna and Mark Wilson, dressed in fancy clothes and toting third-row V.I.P.
Of the 106 million taxpayers who could qualify for the free program, fewer than 2.5 million use it.
(Bloomberg) • How lesser-known private equity firms like Veritas Capital and CC Capital are stealing the limelight from larger rivals.
Tsitsipas is in the quarterfinals of a major for the first time.
Hannah is also a poet and the author of two extremely good Hercule Poirot mysteries, written with the approval of Agatha Christie’s estate, that pay homage to their source but bear Hannah’s trademark bite and off-the-wallness.
No fair pointing out that at least he wouldn’t sound like he was gasping for breath every time he read a sentence off the teleprompter.
“They will, to be honest, be scared of losing their seat, and no amount of polling by pointy-headed experts will convince them otherwise.” Mr. Boles’s relationship with his own conservative association is now in shreds.
In Pakistan, with the capture of the Indian pilot, the current crisis has shored up support for Mr. Khan, who took office six months ago and has since faced growing opposition domestically.
But in Crown Heights, the increase in hate crimes has been more shocking because it has been marked by violent, seemingly unprovoked attacks on men and women in Jewish garb, many of which have been caught on surveillance video, and then widely viewed online.
FB: What other subject matter, besides shootings, feels worth approaching with special care?
The surface of one basin was so packed with woolly algae and pink-flowered water lilies that we could hardly see the water.
In one family Ms. DiPietro worked with, the founder had given sons and daughters unequal shares of the business, which led to a discussion on how to equalize the distribution going forward.
Even media in the Middle East that does not belong to Gulf countries often caters to their sensitivities because of their economic clout.
that pilots did not need to be informed about a change introduced to the 737’s flight control system for the Max, some software coding intended to automatically offset the risk that the size and location of the new engines could lead the aircraft to stall under certain conditions.
“We’re at a critical mass now where families are just saying they’ve had enough.” Both measures face dim prospects in the Republican-controlled Senate.
As negotiators were concluding the second of two days of trade negotiations between the world’s two largest economies, President Trump said there was a “good chance” of striking an agreement.
He was looking for someone to run the third edition of the race — and handed off some papers to a couple who said they would do it.
Lawmakers are widely expected today to reject Prime Minister Theresa May’s plan to lead the country out of the European Union.
• El papa Francisco y otros líderes de la iglesia inician hoy una conferencia inédita para tratar el problema del abuso sexual clerical.
That means dismantling the old reactor, neutralizing a new one, and taking apart a uranium enrichment facility that the North showed nine years ago to Siegfried Hecker, the former head of the Los Alamos National Laboratory.
(CNBC) Trade • President Trump might be undermining his trade negotiators, weakening a potential deal with China.
THE SPIRIT OF SCIENCE FICTION By Roberto Bolaño Translated by Natasha Wimmer It’s sometime in the early 1970s, and a blond, lanky, 17-year-old poet named Jan Schrella is writing a fan letter to one of his literary heroes, Ursula K. Le Guin, describing his living situation.
The blind auditions of Season 16 kick off as John Legend joins the previous coaches Kelly Clarkson, Adam Levine and Blake Shelton.
Notice under the county fill-in space the share of friends who live within 50, 100 and 500 miles of your county.
One of my life’s great pleasures is that my 19-year-old son is a voracious reader and constantly recommends books to me — often debut fiction.
I was doing something to check in on my health and he made feel like I was a prostitute,” Ms. Méndez said in an interview.
Smaller teams develop the most popular ideas.
Last year, Facing Homelessness counted 8,500 homeless people in the streets of Seattle, some in shelters and some living in tents or under bridges.
Throughout, Ms. Sweet was frank in diagnosing the challenges that professional women face, and refreshingly pragmatic.
He works in its office in the city of Chengdu.
“I use the time for practical stuff like errands but also to relax and practice some self-care,” she said.
1. Who Is Your Family?2.
Until recently, she herself insisted that it would be impossible to renegotiate this withdrawal agreement.
He has averaged 19.6 points, 6.4 assists and 3.8 rebounds a game this season.
He’s mixed-race — I’ve overheard audience members asking, “What is he?” — and dances with a gender-fluid quality, and that makes his debut a watershed.
And politicians should beware the consequences of negotiating them in private.
Y fue por su colaboración que el expresidente Otto Pérez Molina acabó en la cárcel por corrupción junto con su vicepresidenta, ya condenada.
Un grand écart, un malaise, si français, et que la question des imams — leur origine, leur formation, leur salaire — résume bien.
But his sharpest social commentary is filtered through a personal prism.
Aided by a new intelligence chief for the city who had similar counterterrorism experience, and with the support of American advisers, local forces carried out raids to disrupt terrorist cells in Kabul and surrounding areas.
3 in a staged mash-up of T. S. Eliot poems.
More than just a missed opportunity to lend flinty female heroes a female musical voice, the announcements were simply the latest examples of women being sorely unheard in film music.
As a seasoned Washington insider, Mr. Begle also knew how to pressure Atlantic and its parent company, Warner Communications.
Guitars buzz in minor chords over a choppy beat, while O’Riordan’s voice — the demo included vocal harmonies — holds stoic regret.
Pero en mi caso no me preocupa tanto, tal vez porque tengo una gran memoria sensual, memoria de formas, colores, olores.
The chairwoman of the committee, Karen Bass, a Democrat of California, said in the statement, “Like Donald Trump, Steve King has sought again and again to give comfort to white supremacists, something that should never be allowed in the halls of Congress or the Oval Office.” House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, a California Republican, was among the party leaders who denounced him.
There are too many cars for too few roads, and too little interest in public transportation.
Abigail Van Meter, third from left, posed her dog Juniper during judging.
On Feb. 14, the listing service’s website showed 23 single-family houses priced from $249,900 to $599,999.
But Trump only seems to choose men who have been wrong about everything.
When did you start writing “On the Come Up”?
[The Opinion section is now on Instagram.
Se pueden registrar en este enlace.
The Metropolitan Opera announced its 2019-20 season on Wednesday, and our writers have chosen some highlights.
“Journalists reporting on it should take care to contextualize the allegations,” said one of the filmmakers, the Danish producer Peter Engel, “and to remind readers that, even if proven true, there is no reason to turn away from modern medical clinics, which are regulated in ways which did not exist in the 1980s at the end of the apartheid era.” Such a cautionary note was not included in the version of the film seen by The Times.
Bukele era un convencido de la solidez del sistema construido en torno a Arena y el FMLN.
Osama bin Laden was killed about six months earlier.
Good morning, We start today with a reversal in U.S. plans to withdraw from Syria, the continuing talks to end the partial government shutdown, and last night’s Golden Globe Awards.
“Desperation makes you do crazy things,” Mr. Guillén said.
There are long stretches where, say, Stokely Carmichael appears, and we get 10 enthusiastic pages about his politics and S.N.C.C.
Maybe people, they wondered, who had enjoyed Mr. Indiana’s iconic sculpture LOVE, with its jaunty, tilted O, would appreciate similar works also based on short words.
Western companies had pulled out of oil production activities in the area before South Sudan gained independence in 2011, partly because of human rights violations, opening the way for companies from Asia.
And they are at least trying to reassure private companies that the government will not favor state-owned enterprises over them.
Mr. Guzmán’s trial, which took place under intense media scrutiny and tight security from bomb-sniffing dogs, police snipers and federal marshals with radiation sensors, was the first time an American jury heard details about the financing, logistics and bloody history of one of the drug cartels that have long pumped huge amounts of heroin, cocaine, marijuana and synthetic drugs like fentanyl into the United States, earning traffickers billions of dollars.
In December, stress started to build in the market for corporate bonds.
Because they work for private companies, they’ve never received back pay when the government reopens.
Occasionally, she will swirl her head 360 degrees as a sign of demonic possession or because she’s a cartoon and wants to be, like, “What you just said was bonkers, my dude!” Open hands with palms up are often a sign of offering, especially when paired with presenting an idea.
“They never believed us anyway, they never cared,” Mr. Porter said.
In a statement issued late Monday, Gov.
Among his most beloved titles was “Avocado Baby” (1994), about a baby that becomes abnormally strong from eating avocados.
Joseph Howze, the first African-American bishop appointed to preside over a Roman Catholic diocese in the 20th century and an advocate for blacks within the church, died on Jan. 9 in Ocean Springs, Miss.
Una vez que sus canciones alcanzan un determinado nivel de complejidad, las jorobadas abandonan esa melodía por completo y eligen una nueva, más sencilla.
Su disposición a viajar por esta ruta montañosa es testimonio de la desesperación en Venezuela.
Hablamos con expertos y ciudadanos sobre por qué el testimonio fue recibido casi con indiferencia.
Always conduct a skin test before a purchase!” Finding a scent you love can be challenging, but if you know what you’re looking for, and how to look for it, the experience can be enjoyable, especially when you’re armed with the knowledge of scents to change your daily life.
Investigators have discovered 1,100 graves, and there are a stunning 26,000 corpses in public morgues that have not been identified.
She has also torn ACLs, sustained fractures near her left knee, broken her ankle, sliced her right thumb and had a concussion, among other things.
He took a 10-month break to travel the world for much of 1964.
“We had to build everything ourselves, to make the juice,” Ms. Roitfeld said.
“He liked to go fishing,” Ms. Kong said.
There were coats that were themselves hybrids: a faded denim jacket-turned-dickie and attached to the front of a trench (you could also detach it); a leather motorcycle jacket pieced onto a black suit jacket to give it a bit more attitude.
The first major museum exhibition devoted to the art of Armenia — officially its “medieval” era, but in fact spanning nearly 1,500 years — bulges with weighty stone crosses, intricate altar frontals and flamboyantly illuminated Bibles and Gospel books unlike any manuscripts you’ve seen from that time.
Six countries outrank the United States on a well-being index and also have more billionaires per capita.
In October, vernacular photography was given a thorough critical examination at a two-day symposium in New York organized by the Walther Collection, Columbia University and the Barnard Center for Research on Women.
I mean come on.” But whether Mr. Biden is out or in, Democrats haven’t seen a race this wide open in over a decade.
How did his pursuit of the perfect glove lead him to Karachi, Pakistan?
“It was intolerable that scholars couldn’t easily get their hands on the material,” said Sandro Cappelletto, the editor of Studi Verdiani, the journal of the National Institute of Verdi Studies.
Los países como Hungría y Polonia tienen muchos beneficios por pertenecer a ella a pesar de la retórica antieuropea de sus dirigentes, señaló Stefano Stefanini, quien fungió como embajador y es asesor italiano con residencia en Bruselas.
Recent research has concluded that robots are reducing the demand for workers and weighing down wages, which have been rising more slowly than the productivity of workers.
• The mentor/mentee relationship between Saru and Tilly has its adorable moments.
“It’s as though you’ve left the family business started by your granddad,” Urrutia said.
The media forum, like the carefully coordinated outfits stars wore to events around town, has become part of the event’s routine.
It’s not hard to understand why, either.
And at the University of Oklahoma, students involved in filming and posting a video showing a woman applying blackface were expelled this week.
You don’t want something disallowed because you didn’t do one little thing.”
Es decir, se ha vuelto viral.
At worst, they will wind the president up to complain to the P.M. and, potentially, to hold a grudge.” The next month, the British relented and told Mr.
The evangelical wing of the party would keep me away.” Attending the rally had been the idea of Jill’s wife, Ann, who expressed frustration with a contemporary Democratic Party she insists has lost its mind — and its priorities — in the Trump era.
Along with their concerns about the human cost of the shutdown, Republicans were no doubt antsy about the negative impact the shutdown was having on their president’s public standing.
“It’s over and there is nothing I can do about it at this point, so it’s whatever,” said Walker, who finished with 32 points, including 28 in the second half, when the Hornets rallied from a 19-point deficit.
Iglesias also has a role in the animated movie “UglyDolls,” opening this spring; he will star in his own scripted comedy series on Netflix this year; and he plans to tape another performance for the platform in the near future.
In the 1970s, anti-abortion activists wanted a way to keep abortion rates down while the campaign for constitutional change raged on.
Sylvie Eberena, 38, a Muslim entrepreneur and coach who runs a fitness website, said she found the discussions over attire “exhausting.” “It’s not about politics or religion,” she said.
“Liebeslieder,” which returns to New York City Ballet on Feb. 27 for just three performances, has no wow effects, no orchestral music (it’s danced to art songs) and provides no particular acrobatic excitement.
Click on the clues below to reveal the answers.
49A: A solving tip: You don’t have to know where the Dnieper is, or what capital is near it, to get this one.
The rental tower, which will retain the 5Pointz name, will have about 1,115 units, with 500 to 700 ready for occupancy this summer, he said.
“He was just so full of hope.” Before Ms. Cheatham left the prison, she bought her husband a microwaveable cheeseburger from a vending machine.
Walter H. Munk, one of the foremost oceanographers of the 20th century, who sent pulses of sound through the vast oceans — probably startling a few whales — to measure changes in water temperatures, forecast waves and seek signs of global warming, died on Friday at his seaside home in the La Jolla section of San Diego.
CES is a professional business show, and porn, adult toys and sex tech products are not part of the event.
While Facebook and Amazon are formidable competitors, Google is the top destination for marketers looking to reach consumers online.
They emphasized that Mr. Van Dyke was the only officer to fire his gun.
“But he filed business bankruptcy six times, always to protect his own money, and stick the investors and contractors with the bill.
Last week The Wall Street Journal reported that Trump administration officials have long sought to target Cuba and stem Chinese and Russian inroads in the region.
Kate Johnson is a freelance medical journalist based in Montreal.
It’s so private and wrong, not just to us but clearly to Jackson, who makes up a story at the jewelry store that the ring is for a woman, even though Safechuck is there by his side.
Pakistan’s finance minister responded Friday on Twitter to the unusually harsh statement by the Financial Action Task Force, saying that the group’s board had kept Pakistan on the gray list “despite hectic efforts and lobbying to get us black listed.” But the post by the finance minister, Asad Umar, may make matters worse by failing to express any commitment to the watchdog’s targets.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
Run because you will never have another chance — and because you are not afraid of losing.
There are so many negative things to be said about the I.P.O.
But they later reverted back into scales.
Mr. Northam was sworn into office in 2018 by a black pastor, Kelvin F. Jones, and the governor is a member of Mr. Jones’s predominantly black church, First Baptist Church Capeville.
Although the services are running far more smoothly now than they were at the beginning of the month, Dr. Henchion said, many women still worry about the limited options in some facilities, especially at hospitals, and the continuing difficulty in getting an abortion.
How are you approaching this at Accenture?
By then, though, blackface was such an ingrained part of popular American culture — enacted so widely across entertainment media — that it had passed from the stage and screen to everyday life for many.
The idea, known as an Income Share Agreement, or I.S.A., has been experimented with and talked about for years.
A couple of months later, the boy boasted to me that he was sleeping with a woman his own age, and I broke it off with him officially this time, sobbing not from grief but from humiliation.
Her coloratura satiny and clean, Daniela Fally is a calmly sunny, blessedly unperky Zerbinetta, smiling through her seen-it-all-ness.
El Departamento de Estado estadounidense respondió que no hará caso a la orden de partida porque Guaidó ha invitado a Estados Unidos a permanecer en el país.
Tras los ataques, los pesos y contrapesos constitucionales retrocedieron: ni el congreso ni los tribunales quisieron intervenir para controlar las acciones del presidente.
Boring pizzas do not inspire lifelong memories, no matter how beautiful the view.
But through it all, Hamlin, 38, maintained his spot near the head of the lineup.
“The idea here is to change the way people think,” he said of seeking audiences outside the city.
Zia Ahmed, a spokesman for Mr. Griffin, declined to comment.
But he was released by the Eagles and then the Atlanta Falcons in his first season, which he finished with the Chicago Owls of the Continental Football League before joining the Dolphins.
People have flown in from across the country to share in this event.
(They remain on sale through Sunday.)
That kind of love isn’t for children — is it?
Instead of trying to evaluate their trustworthiness, the more relevant questions are: Do the Taliban have their own reasons for excluding terrorist groups from Afghanistan?
But voices on the right and the left were highly critical of the deal.
Yet the show somehow seemed fueled by some latent discontent, or even anger, as certain of Rei Kawakubo’s efforts have in recent years.
Con esos protocolos, que buscan desincentivar a los centroamericanos de emigrar hacia Estados Unidos y reducir las presiones con las que opera el sistema de asilado de esa nación, los solicitantes deberán esperar en México a que se resuelva su caso.
The Houthis had planted so many land mines among the winding roads and scattered settlements of the valley, the advance of his Yemeni forces had all but ground to halt, stuck for three years in virtually the same position.
Among the appetizers are a shrimp salad with pine nuts, octopus terrine, and edamame pancake.
Five years ago, she left her job at a design firm to take care of her newborn daughter and soon started an Instagram account (@dinarakasko) for what were then relatively straightforward cakes, constructed in her small home kitchen with little more than a mixer and an oven.
Well, let’s talk about that.
That is a lot of money.
North Korea likewise has no embassy in Washington, but its mission at the United Nations in New York is often a channel for diplomacy with the United States.
“He’s very crystal-clear about expectations.” According to Alabama coaches, recruiting this way produces a virtuous cycle.
Airlines err on the side of caution when it comes to flight schedules to avoid causing more chaos in their systems, said George Hamlin, an airline and commercial aerospace consultant.
That, analysts said, could hurt companies that borrowed based on the higher prices — especially those whose power comes from renewable resources.
Los controles en la población se han relajado (aunque en el juego los hijos no tienen hermanos), y el crecimiento económico ha creado más oportunidades de progreso.
Jill Cowan grew up in Orange County, went to school at U.C.
It closes with her and Mr. Dylan seated together at the piano, singing a tender duet on “Abraham, Martin and John.” Alongside Ms. King, Mr. Dylan’s famously mercurial voice becomes clear and well pitched, and the two harmonize with ease.
We’ve beaten them, and we’ve beaten them badly.” Lawmakers and former intelligence officials condemned Mr. Trump’s attack because they said that it corrupted the intelligence process and suggested that he would disregard the warnings in the threat assessment.
Que una caravana es portadora de drogas y enfermedades, que debe ser detenida a toda costa, incluso si eso significa que haya un cierre parcial del gobierno estadounidense.
بعد ٠قتل ج٠ال خاشقجي في أكتوبر/ تشرين الأول، قرأتُ تقارير تدعي أن عدة أشخاص احتجزته٠الحكو٠ة السعودية في فندق ريتز كارلتون في الرياض تعرضوا للتعذيب.
While Ms. Harris’s candidacy carried promise to some Democrats, the current president was more on the minds of others in the party, and it produced some of the fiercest language of the day.
Iris van Herpen is a Dutch designer whose otherworldly fashion creations utilize technology to an extent seldom seen outside of a laboratory.
• Were there any surprises?
Mr. Smith, who was working on Mr. Sellars’s 1981 production of Handel’s “Orlando” at the American Repertory Theater in Cambridge, Mass., brought Mr. Sylvan in to audition for the title role.
He had this to say about Yoruba people: “They are reasonable, brave and patriotic, and are capable of a very high degree of intellectual culture.” It is praise, but must be understood in the context of a statement he makes earlier in his book about living “among the barbarous people” of that part of the world.
Still, one was teaching at the prestigious Masters School just north of New York City, prompting officials there to initiate an investigation and force him to resign.
Most of America wouldn’t be affected at all and those wealthy individuals who are successful enough to pay more would be unlikely to hold back on investment.
You don’t have to quit totally — that’s impossible in today’s news business.
The second episode, airing directly after, covers the 1960s and ’70s.
Part of Mr. Castro’s candidacy will be educating voters about what it means to be an acculturated Mexican-American, identifying not with Mexico or “los gringos,” but as a uniquely American, comfortably hyphenated blend of the two.
Brynn Putnam, Mirror’s inventor and a Harvard-educated former New York City Ballet dancer, said: “I think I knew we built something special, but I don’t think I expected this.” Ms. Putnam, 35, does Google those who have bought the Mirror, just as she used to with first-time clients at Refine Method, the eight-year-old boutique gym she founded.
El juez del caso, Brian M. Cogan, con el argumento de que el objetivo es solo procesar al Chapo, había frenado la exposición pública de otras líneas argumentales que podrían arrojar luz a la parte más oculta del narcotráfico: las acusaciones sobre sobornos a altos funcionarios mexicanos y hasta a los dos últimos presidentes o el papel de la DEA, del tráfico de armas y de Estados Unidos en operaciones como Rápido y Furioso.
Osaka next plays sixth-seeded Elina Svitolina and could face Williams in the semifinals.
An estimated 20 to 35 percent of adolescents experience chronic pain.
showed them to be noncitizens through documentation that they submitted and which D.P.S.
Highway divider in the Centennial State?
Even so, many factors behind last year’s troubling decline remain unresolved.
“The Dreamers” introduces us to many characters, nearly all of them exceedingly nice.
She won a discrimination lawsuit in 1855 against a Manhattan trolley company that wouldn’t let her ride in a whites-only car.
“I would like the ministry to explain how this byzantine situation arose.” Buster Emitslof, a spokesman for the Swedish Ministry for Foreign Affairs, said the ministry did not know about the meeting until after it had taken place.
Tyler’s undoing comes because he reaches out to his former lover, Burnham, to pass on crucial information about the potential disintegration of the fragile peace among Klingons, which L’Rell’s opponents see as treacherous.
“I think with every track, what the song is about is already there before you put the words down,” she said.
“About Stefanos, I think he’s definitely done a really nice job now the last year and a half,” Federer said, adding, “I see him definitely being high up in the game for a long time.
The convoy passed through several security perimeters to reach the city center.
After a surgical renovation to its grand pile on Fifth Avenue, the Jewish Museum has reopened its third-floor galleries with a rethought, refreshed display of its permanent collection, which intermingles 4,000 years of Judaica with modern and contemporary art by Jews and gentiles alike — Mark Rothko, Lee Krasner, Nan Goldin, Cindy Sherman and the excellent young Nigerian draftswoman Ruby Onyinyechi Amanze.
The federal fiscal year starts on Oct. 1, often without new spending laws in place.
“The big concern is what happens if people get to cherry-pick the lowest-cost, highest-revenue portions of the electrical grid and leave behind the high-risk, high-cost areas,” said Mark Toney, executive director of the Utility Reform Network, a San Francisco-based consumer group.
Prosecutors in the Southern District of New York have built a case that has implicated Mr. Trump in a scheme to pay hush money to two women during the 2016 campaign to stop them from speaking publicly about affairs they said they had with him.
“What we’re fighting for is seemingly being undone right now,” she said.
Zionism divided American Jewry for much of the latter 19th century and the first half of the 20th century.
Toni Morrison, Helen Oyeyemi, Patricia Smith, Colum McCann, Chris Abani, Jaime and Gilbert Hernandez, Neil Gaiman, Ocean Vuong, Enda Walsh.
Tourism in big cities has a huge impact on subsidized services like trains and emergency services, and these cities are right to collect taxes to offset these costs.
The New York Times’s listing service filters by “wheelchair access.” A search in late January found only 345 accessible rentals in Manhattan, out of 11,987 apartments, or about 3 percent.
During his 36-year tenure at Chanel, where he became the creative director in 1983, he solidified the conventions of modern ready-to-wear — with its round-the-year collections, high-low mix and celebrity affiliations — and established the French luxury house as a multibillion-dollar global empire.
Al entrar a la conferencia, el obispo Gonzalo de Villa y Vásquez de Guatemala dijo: “Creo que es una duda legítima cuestionar si hay o no una conexión entre la homosexualidad y los abusos”.
Luis Patrick Garden Acosta was born on March 17, 1945, in Fort Greene, Brooklyn.
“We don’t spend any time at all looking to see what other designers are doing,” she says.
But if a woman yells at you, it’s like, ‘I got yelled at by my mom.’” This much is not in dispute: For years, Ms. Klobuchar has had among the highest rates of staff turnover in the Senate, according to a review of congressional offices from the website LegiStorm.
While many of us are back to work, parts of the federal government are still closed.
Play Smartphone usage is highest among teenagers and people in their early 20s.
Burr was poised to become president despite not actually standing for the office.
But you have to get it down in writing.
“In the Russian Federation and in President Putin himself, you have an individual whose aim is to disrupt the Western alliance and whose aim is to make Western democracy more fractious in order to weaken our ability, America’s ability and the West’s ability to spread our democratic ideals,” Lisa Page, a former bureau lawyer, told House investigators in private testimony reviewed by The Times.
The bills call for changes across the electoral spectrum: allowing online voter registration and early voting up to 30 days before an election; same-day voter registration; permitting those on parole and probation to vote; and making 17-year-olds who turn 18 by the general election eligible to vote in party primaries.
“Donnybrook” is a movie about, among other things, bare-knuckle fighting, but it’s the viewers who will feel beaten down.
One former de Blasio staffer sent me a text with a string of four emojis meant to evoke the experience of laughing so hard that you cry.
[Read The Times’s review of “The Wife” and a profile of the author, Meg Wolitzer.]
Some of us are still sorting through the year-end “best of” lists.
From all of her movements to the different inflections in her face, I sat there and just studied it for days and days and days.
CBD is a chemical compound in the cannabis plant that is closely related to tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC, the main component in marijuana.
Leslie Goshko will celebrate the 10th anniversary of her monthly storytelling series, which has been featured on truTV’s “Impractical Jokers” and NPR’s “Snap Judgment.” You’ll hear stories from the likes of the Moth StorySlam champ Adam Wade, as well as from Andy Christie and Gastor Almonte.
That’s hardly an insult to the Colts, a balanced team that has been fun to watch but that has the misfortune of being the first team to face Mahomes in the playoffs.
I will take my laptop outside and I will sit among the trees, listening for the voices of children who are no longer home, and I will answer your email.
One newspaper on Monday featured a full-length photo of Mr. el-Sisi surrounded by European and Arab leaders.
Back then, you never thought you’d be impacting the way we have been; it is very special.” To honor the champion Rangers, Lundqvist wore a goaltender’s mask similar to Mike Richter’s with the Statue of Liberty prominently displayed on the front.
Rehab is forever my friend.” She plans to keep the viral floor routine all the way through the N.C.A.A.
But now Meyer is gone.
A huge expansion would also involve huge complications.
“The idea was, you just have to love being with a computer all the time, and if you don’t do it 24/7, you’re not a ‘real’ programmer.” The truth is, many of the men themselves didn’t fit this monomaniacal stereotype.
(European Commission) Politics and policy • Imaad Zuberi, a venture capitalist and longtime Democratic donor who later gave to Republicans after the 2016 campaign, has drawn scrutiny in a federal inquiry into President Trump’s inauguration.
She realized the apartment above hers was also a faux hotel after she saw three different groups cycle in and out during her 10-day stay.
He would pay homage to the Rosenbergs — Julius had been his college classmate and Young Communist League comrade — as heroes who had refused to save their lives by confessing or implicating others.
But hours later, Ms. Pelosi fired back with a letter of her own, telling the president she would not pass a resolution authorizing him to come until the government had reopened.
But he added that for Mr. Trump’s base of supporters, none of that matters.
The meeting drew a rebuke from the European Union, which cautioned against military intervention.
would also fit the theme, as would the similarly salad-related BIB LETTUCE (Consequence of infant salad consumption?
And shortly before the midterms, when Democrats flipped the House, Mr. Trump said on Twitter that “all levels of government and Law Enforcement are watching carefully for VOTER FRAUD.” “Cheat at your own peril,” he warned.
“I believe football is still built from the ground up, and I think Vic is built from the ground up,” Elway said.
The deduction is out of bounds to anyone who has income above the threshold and runs what the law calls a “specified service trade or business.” That’s one whose main asset is the owners’ reputation and skill.
Price controls meant that subsidized food disappeared from shelves.
He was absent from Nigeria for several months in 2017 when he sought treatment in London for an illness he never disclosed to the public.
I was young and fit, only in my 40s, but apparently part of the medical conundrum du jour, the sharp uptick of colorectal cancer diagnoses in Americans under 50.
Charles Schwab quickly followed suit.
“I’m so grateful that it worked out.” After the couple said their vows, “Here Comes the Sun” by the Beatles began to play as their 65 guests gathered for cocktail hour.
Los padres de Juan Pablo Pernalete, un joven de 20 años que estuvo entre las decenas de manifestantes asesinados durante el mes de protestas en contra del gobierno en 2017, han acatado los llamados recientes de Guaidó de tomar las calles.
The court also agreed to hear a challenge to a New York City gun law that restricts people with a particular kind of gun license from transporting their guns outside of the city.
I don’t know.” He laughed.
Worldwide, humans produce vast quantities of biosolids.
“We thought it did something really valuable and fresh and exciting and a little quirky,” Ms.
It was only an accident of timing that made it possible to identify the terrible songbird losses: The census was already underway when bad weather hit, providing an opportunity for researchers to compare bird counts immediately before and immediately after the blizzard.
Yet with the power of college football settled firmly in the South, it is difficult to see an expanded playoff accommodating all of Jenkins’s demands, and nearly impossible to envision one that has room for a Rose Bowl that pits the Big Ten and Pac-12 champions against each other.
Big sections of Greeks sang songs and waved the blue and white flag and scarves in the crowd.
He plans to summon top executives of the companies to F.D.A.
En Perú son 930 soles al mes.
Published by Random House on Feb. 5.
Polls by Gallup and other organizations over the decades have regularly found that a majority of Americans believe that corporations and the wealthy pay too little in taxes, but voters have frequently elected presidents who cut those taxes, instead.
“It calms me.” (Also calming: Mr. De La Torre does the dishes.)
The company just announced that it was expanding in Canada, and Britain indicated last week that it will probably use the company’s equipment as it builds its new networks, even as the United States warns that the Chinese government is using the company for spying.
The darkly colored sequence is jagged-looking and often out of focus, and the quick cutting and rapid, agitated camera movements at times turn it into an impressionistic blur.
But then, that’s not just a problem of style; it’s a reflection of the current identity crisis in this country.
But Washington is reluctant to lessen its economic pressure on the North because doing so would weaken the strongest leverage it has to force the country to rid itself of nuclear weapons.
“I think so,” he said, without wanting to assume credit for the change.
The problems consisted of a propensity to allow big plays, a softness in their run defense, and an injury that cost Talib, an 11-year veteran, eight games and left the team too short-handed to compete.
“Le’Veon is still a great player, but we can’t afford to use any type of tag,” Colbert said, adding that the Steelers had too many other needs.
Every emperor of the Qing dynasty had dozens of wives, concubines and serving girls, but only one of them could hold the title of empress.
Ms. Weiss’s father was an employment lawyer, mediator and arbitrator in private practice in Los Angeles.
But they could usually be relied upon to throb with unsettling and exciting energy.
The increase could also be tied to official awareness campaigns encouraging victims to come forward, and to the government’s efforts to improve the police’s handling of sexual violence cases, the report said.
He did so with the hope that it would help lead, eventually, to a world with no nuclear weapons.
More than 40,000 transportation security officers — employees of the Department of Homeland Security who screen passengers at the airports — have worked through the shutdown.
But the countries that Prince Mohammed is visiting this week — Pakistan, India and China — have expressed no such concerns, prioritizing economic ties with the kingdom over concerns about its respect for human rights.
She and his daughter survive him.
Por otro lado, las películas que ganan el mayor premio de la academia usualmente son las que provocan reacciones emocionales en los votantes.
Back then, her career stretched before her like a clear ribbon of highway.
“It was simple: They blew the call,” Saints Coach Sean Payton said after the game.
Mr. Arens served three times as defense minister and also as foreign minister and as Israel’s ambassador to the United States.
The bus filled to the brim with black people, who all had to sit or stand behind the only white people on the bus: two kids, 10 and 11 years old.
McLain drew on primary sources to develop her fiery protagonist.
Scientists have found that whales often string together repeated sound patterns to create complex tunes and even jingles.
“I demand a full investigation into these unsubstantiated and false allegations,” he said.
Ignacio Karacsonyi, who lives in Sunset Park, Brooklyn, with his 21-month-old daughter, said it’s unusual for someone to offer help.
The Iranian-backed militias Mr. Pompeo wants to rein in vary widely and would resist a one-size-fits all solution: Hezbollah is a major force in the government of Lebanon, the groups in Syria work mostly apart from one another in the war zone, and those in Iraq have great influence in the oil-rich south.
As a result, so many of us who watched these distorted images and heard the stupid jokes learned to be ashamed of ourselves.
Critics worry that a standardized world is dull and mediocre, a nightmare of conformity and Kafkaesque bureaucracy.
Tesla’s lawyers acknowledged in a letter to the S.E.C.
[Reuters] • After two thrilling games — albeit with controversial officiating performances — the Rams will face the Patriots in the Super Bowl.
The meta-analysis, published in the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, included 28 trials with more than 83,000 cognitively healthy people 40 and older.
Scott’s review laments the sanding-off of Freddie Mercury’s edge, leaving an anodyne take on a controversial life.
It is part of being human and connecting with others.
I solve poverty one comedy show at a time?
The former guard house stands behind a row of sandbags at a busy intersection in the heart of the city’s downtown, beneath a sign announcing “U.S.
At a subsequent news conference, Mr. Trump seemed to again accept Mr. Putin’s denial of election interference over the conclusions of American intelligence agencies.
“We don’t know what’s in store, but what we do know is that we are two grown-ups at different points in our lives with careers, and that what we have together just works.” Mr. Laine admitted that the great number of years between them “was more of a concern for me at first.” “Moving forward, I had to factor in our age difference analytically,” he said.
I love to make turkey burgers.
States such as New Jersey, Arizona, and California have all recently adopted new rules eliminating or sharply curtailing the use of cash bail.
On Tuesday, the storm will intensify and head toward the Northeast, the Weather Service predicted.
Take the case of our environment: This year alone, the precious southwestern wilderness of Tasmania has faced catastrophic fires during its driest January on record; in the northern city of Townsville, there have been unprecedented floods; and up to a million fish have died in the Darling River.
In Unhitched, couples tell the stories of their relationships, from romance to vows to divorce to life afterward.
Berkeley and has reported all over the state, including the Bay Area, Bakersfield and Los Angeles — but she always wants to see more.
Lawmakers and aides in both parties expressed hope that the double-barreled losses would break the logjam that has gripped Washington since the partial shutdown began.
Bret: My long-held view of Davos is that nothing good that happens there is real, and nothing real that happens there is good.
En cambio, el concepto de productividad ha adoptado casi una dimensión espiritual, como lo he atestiguado en San Francisco, donde vivo.
I could imagine they would be wearing a full-blown winter suit inside their homes too.
Let’s let Cuba be a normal country again.
Nashville lawmakers passed a resolution backing Ms. Brown’s clemency, citing the “horrors of her childhood and the repeated sexual abuse she endured.” The detective who investigated the case wrote a letter to Gov.
Here’s the latest: The British Parliament is expected to vote today on a number of amendments to Prime Minister Theresa May’s plan that could end up shaping how the country departs from the E.U.
“It reminds me a little of Diane Keaton,” said Sarah Silverman, coming over to pay respects.
Go: Our critics’ selection of arts events this week includes a PBS program on Victoria and Albert’s royal wedding, and Japanese Breakfast in concert.
On Facebook, you have control over what information we use to show you ads, and you can block any advertiser from reaching you.
Two reporters who have long worked on the serious side of U.F.O.s.
I absolutely love Dr. King, and I am very much aware of the history of slavery in our country, but those aren’t the only stories that the black experience consists of.
In at least one instance, his speaking bureau, Creative Artists Agency, offered a reduced rate of $100,000, plus travel expenses, to the University of Utah.
Various solutions were tried, including an exercise that enlisted hundreds of volunteers to flush all of the stadium toilets simultaneously — a tactic referred to as Super Flush in the local news media.
En el contexto de una economía global en que la logística y el reciclaje se han convertido en negocios multimillonarios, tiene sentido que los grandes intermediarios de la cultura también se hayan transformado en agentes económicos principales, no por casualidad Amazon comenzó vendiendo libros.
If the Americans gave any thought to the cardinal importance of varying one’s routines in a war zone to make it harder for enemies to plan attacks, it was not reflected in their eating habits.
If people remembered this and allowed it to guide their attitudes and actions, they might stop harming people in the name of religion.”
The fighting in Central African Republic has carried the high risk of genocide, the United Nations has warned.
What they’ve really got a case of, though, is that favorite malady of art house movies and their prestige-television offspring: the modern world.
“Tuvieron que releer y revisar el guion con mucho cuidado para asegurarse de que no hubiera ninguna imagen que denigrara al país”, comentó.
I haven’t been able to get it out of my mind.
Set at the edge of the hard-packed soil at the base of the tree is a golden plaque honoring Dorothy Shaver, the first female president of a major American department store.
How he’s filling at least part of that downtime?
The border visit was “not going to change a damn thing,” Mr. Trump said, belittling the plan as a photo op urged on him by “these people behind you,” he said, pointing to Mr.
I would listen as the adults hurled insults at the sole state TV channel and its propaganda for the then-dominant Congress Party.
The large surface area allows you to stir, crush, broil or garnish your dish more effectively, and makes it look so much better.
Instantly turned, skied a couple hundred meters, stumbled across it.
What do you want to see here?
Steven Daly, an expert in river ice hydraulics at the Army Corps of Engineers’ Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory in Hanover, N.H., said his agency generally got just one or two reports of rotating ice disks in the United States each year.
News quiz: Did you follow the headlines this week?
“You just can’t turn the lights off and close the door and then when the government reopens, come back and turn on the lights and open the door and then turn the computer on and, O.K., now everything’s fine and we’re going again,” Dr. Peterson said.
Its use persists as an abbreviation of Zionist, itself turned into a dirty word.
At a time when many needy families lacked adequate nutrition, Isabelle Kelley developed a food stamp program to feed millions.
Bienvenido al boletín diario de The New York Times en Español.
But funding will soon run out again, talks between Democrats and Republicans are in crisis, and Mr. Trump remains committed: “The Wall will get built one way or the other!” he tweeted on Saturday.
Mikaela Shiffrin, who attended Burke, an elite and expensive boarding school in the bucolic corner of Vermont known as the Northeast Kingdom.
[Si quieres recibir las noticias y reportajes de The New York Times en Español en tu correo, suscríbete aquí a El Times] PAMPLONA, Colombia — La caminata empezó antes del amanecer: antes de que las nubes reventaran contra las montañas, antes de que los camiones invadieran la autopista, antes incluso de que alguien en el pueblo despertara y revisara el lote baldío donde decenas de refugiados venezolanos habían pasado la noche, amontonados.
Her immediate family was upper middle class at the best of times: Her parents — unhappily married, as she recounts in “Yesterday Morning,” her 2002 volume — lived chronically above their means.
This is “The Daily.” Today: On Thursday in the Oval Office, the president of the United States debated the publisher of The New York Times about the role of a free press.
Indexes have influence over stock prices that even the largest investors can only envy.
But those participating in the Indigenous Peoples March — noting the high school group’s large size, loud chanting and Make America Great Again apparel — said they interpreted the behavior as aggressive and disruptive to their demonstration.
Likewise, a thick atmosphere would help keep a planet cool when it’s close to its host star, and serve as a blanket when it’s far away.
Some doctors thought it was age-related.
The business occupies a space on Laugavegur, a popular Reykjavik shopping street where tourists browse fisherman’s sweaters and sample grilled puffin.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
The metro sparkles: Trains and stations are shiny clean.
About half of the items in the collection, a combination of original artifacts and copies, are owned by the father-daughter duo.
But he added that federal law requires that before making such a decision, an agency has to study the relevant information, arrive at a rational decision supported by evidence and honestly articulate its reasons for the decision.
But Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, called much of it “probably” unconstitutional.
His novels are sprawling epics and deeply researched.
Si el norte esencial de la izquierda es la justicia social, olvidarse de los venezolanos en penuria solo por contradecir el respaldo de Donald Trump significa dejar a un lado la justicia en nombre de la ideología.
They involved large, secret payoffs in the final weeks of a presidential campaign that, prosecutors said, “deceived the voting public.” The seriousness of the deception is presumably the reason that the prosecutors filed criminal charges against Cohen, rather than the more common penalty of civil fines for campaign finance violations.
Melvin Witcher Jr. got a first glimpse of Patrice Moss in April 2015 during an Easter play performed at the First Baptist Church in Glenarden, Md.
En cuanto a la ofensiva, ambas escuadras se encuentran entre la élite de la NFL.
From there, a pair of arched doorways on the right leads to a study and dining room.
In two parts running nearly four hours, it details the singer’s history with Wade Robson and James Safechuck, who both spent time with Jackson in the late 1980s, at the height of his post-“Thriller” fame.
It is not clear what, if any, additional steps congressional Republican leaders will take with Mr. King.
A perfect wedding is a boring wedding.
Most hotel properties generally charge a higher nightly rate for their clean air rooms, compared with their standard rooms, and while the amount varies depending on the hotel, a stay can be 5 percent to 7 percent more expensive.
Canadians have left hockey sticks outside their doorways in memory of the dead, who also included team officials.
“Es un avance y cualquiera puede hacerlo”, dijo Linda Lawless, de 56 años, genealogista aficionada australiana e hija de un sacerdote.
Despite Boeing’s insistence that the proper procedures were in the plane’s handbook, pilots have said since the accident that the company had not been clear about one potentially vital difference between the system on the new 737s and those of older models.
Presumably we would be able to do so if Aung Win Khaing was arrested.” Mr. Nay La added that he did not believe Mr. Ko Ni was killed solely because he had advocated a new constitution, but that that could have been a factor in his death.
I don’t really know how resilient I am.
Suits made with Savile Row-quality wools and silks were cut on the bias, the lines of the wool’s window panes running at distorted diagonals, while extravagant feathers dotted collars and hemlines and a leather cape with rows of hand-cut incisions was made to look like the peck of a bird’s beak.
Over time, Trump has named many groups that he says will benefit from a wall.
And so do the Knicks, who arrived to face the Los Angeles Lakers (21-18) at Staples Center on Friday night having lost eight straight.
“If Mr. Selnick was an adviser to the Office of the Secretary, his duty station should be Washington, D.C., in the same location as the Office of the Secretary,” Mr. Takano wrote.
The case has grown more complicated and come under increased scrutiny as additional information about it has trickled out.
But because I wouldn’t put anything past this country.
Biology and genetics were the way forward, they argued, and Dr. Judd was in the right place at the right time to help make that happen.
وخوفًا على حياتها إذا أُلقيَ القبض عليها، قالت إنها تسجل الفيديو في حال فشلت في الهروب.
Eventually, Allysen Hooks rolls out from under it, her nude body tense and strained.
Find a screen, enter the online catalog, click a link, and within a minute or two you can find yourself watching Merce Cunningham and his company performing “Antic Meet” in 1964.
Each week they’ll be sharing a slice of their reporting about the border and the people who spend time on both sides of it.
For more events, see the going-out guides from The Times’s culture pages.
“I didn’t want you to use this,” Dufresne agreed, holding up a razor-sharp mandoline.
610 2 miles 10 Cafeza Post Oak Hotel texas The Afghan Village downtown River Oaks Montrose westpark tollway Menil Drawing Institute Hillcroft Gulfton Little Saigon Chinatown Bellaire Ocean Palace Restaurant alief Blood Bros. BBQ 610 Raizes Mexican Kitchen Houston ALT 90 Stafford 288 Street data from OpenStreetMap By The New York Times So, feeling a kind of kinship with all those Houstonians who live between worlds based on my own unmoored and multicultural background, I leaned into it.
Ms. Labaki and her husband, Khaled Mouzanar, the film’s producer, co-writer and composer, spent three years researching the impoverished neighborhoods where “Capernaum” is set.
My list has an obvious and overriding theme: Canada’s federal election, scheduled for Oct. 21.
The industry behind escape rooms, which originated in Japan and evolved from video games, has grown rapidly around the world in recent years.
You know, we just choose a new area, whether it’s downtown, South Street Seaport, the East Side, something like that.
But the problem has clearly not gone away.
Other cases have targeted political art.
The border wall would very quickly pay for itself.
Also present was Ahmad Taheri, another Iranian living in Spain, who served as one of Farhadi’s interpreters on the set of “Everybody Knows.” Like many of his previous films, Farhadi’s latest turns on a traumatic incident that occurs offscreen.
We were weeks before the election.” We’re now months after the election, and Republicans have already identified a primary challenger for King in 2020, someone who they believe can keep his seat in the party’s hands.
Career Education had already written most of it off as bad debt, it said in a regulatory filing on Thursday.
Six years ago, she was coming off her worst season on the tour and lost her tour card.
After all, no security tool is perfect.
Pero en la práctica nunca fue un modelo de gobierno ni un modelo constitucional que se replicara en otros países.
“After a while it started to feel exhausting.” He was introduced to “Be More Chill” by his agent, who suggested that he and the book writer, Joe Tracz, take a look at the novel.
More than 60 of them appear in this big, beautiful, passionate show of art that functioned as seismic detector, political persuader and defensive weapon.
Now, read the article, “Students in Rural America Ask, ‘What Is a University Without a History Major?’” Then answer the following questions: 1.
Alan Butler, the senior counsel at the Electronic Privacy Information Center, described the situation as “‘bait and switch’ behavior that consumer protection laws are meant to prohibit.” “The company needs to either roll back the change or else delete all stored DNA data it has collected from individuals under the previous agreement,” Mr. Butler said.
El equipo de la misión decidió conducir a Opportunity hacia un cráter más amplio, con un diámetro de 22 kilómetros, llamado Endeavour; este parecía contener rocas más viejas.
I thanked each of them, but declined their offers.
Suddenly I own a different dog than I thought, although the dog I own has not changed.
You can sign up here to receive it each weekday.
“People were feeling increasingly bitter and frustrated by the broader situation.” In mid-August, Mr. Coyle decided to end the partnership with McCarthy Media.
Lawmakers are preparing for a moment of parliamentary high drama on Tuesday.
I realized I had left it in the taxi.
But the ugly truth might be: Longer-lasting iPhones are bad for business.
But if you would take extra pleasure in some excellent matches, the word is Madeira, the all-around best wine with chocolate.
At one point in 2004, Huawei was so eager to woo European customers that it outfitted a shipping container with its wireless equipment and parked it in front of the headquarters of phone carriers in Germany.
The theme was “Big Trouble in Little China(town),” and the dress code was chinoiserie.
“I repeatedly acted in an obviously destructive way when I was caught.”
She added, “Ain’t no way I’m going down to no damn stadium.” After the game, a winning team will emerge, its colors will be paraded in the streets, and then it will be Monday — just another day for the people for whom English Avenue and Vine City are simply called “home.”
Demonstrating his continued grip on power, he signed an order expelling American diplomats on the balcony of the presidential palace.
(It’s located in the basement of the fashion and design emporium Alex Eagle Studio.)
“He wanted to honor the people in the neighborhood,” said Cookie Jordan, a hair, wig and makeup designer who often works with Mr. Blanco.
Each week they’ll be sharing a slice of their reporting about the border and the people who spend time on both sides of it.
Mr. Bogle graduated from Blair Academy in Blairstown, N.J., and, in 1951, from Princeton; he was a scholarship student at both.
LONDON — The stage filled with women in Princess Diana masks, smashing VHS cassettes with hammers.
But because these prices aren’t actually what a patient would pay, the article rightly points out that more must be done to be responsive to patients’ needs and wants.
It saw little fighting, but the land at the southern end of the lake became a repository for soldiers who had been stationed at nearby Fort Ticonderoga and points north who had fallen ill, primarily from smallpox, Dr. Starbuck, an archaeology professor at New Hampshire’s Plymouth State University who has written several books on the history of the region, said.
“When you’re as good a hitter as he was, then you just say, ‘Listen, I’m going throw it in the middle and hope he hits it really hard right to somebody, because if I try real hard and he still gets a hit, is this going to make me mad?’ And honestly, sometimes you do that.
(A few large blocks are a slight cheat.)
It was as if the dam had broken for the blue wave.
“T” recalls the messy tarte Tatin she bakes for her dying father-in-law, and her quiet pleasure when he eats a full slice.
Observing is free, and electrifying.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
Abraham Lincoln intentó vivir una vida de honestidad y valor.
But open us back up.
She gives the example of Henrietta King.
Early in the movie, Ms. Bullock turns on the TV as news anchors report on thousands of deaths by mass suicide around the world.
Half-built concrete structures bristling with rebar attest to an island on the cusp of rapid development.
The fact-based “Green Book,” on the other hand, is so familiar in its contours that many have likened it to previous award contenders like “Driving Miss Daisy” and “The Help.” This period story of an Italian-American bouncer (Viggo Mortensen) befriending a talented black pianist (Mahershala Ali) also picked up Globe nominations for both of its actors — “Black Panther” managed none — as well as a win for Ali.
“The fire inside of me to compete and play this game is just burning too strong,” Witten said in a statement.
Yes — in fact, there were four.
They are now capturing an even greater share of the economy’s bounty.
In December, the foundation announced it would shut down after the New York attorney general accused it of “functioning as little more than a checkbook to serve Mr. Trump’s business and political interests.” Among the allegations Mr. Cohen made during his testimony was that Mr. Trump had tried to inflate his own net worth to Deutsche Bank when he approached the bank about lending him money to buy the Buffalo Bills.
That “some things are just the way they are,” as one character says, becomes a stoic’s creed for survival.
This is not going to hurt Trump, and it’s not going to hurt Carson.
Will that cool voters’ ardor?
More than anyone else in the family, he could stand back from a contentious situation and give impartial and convincing advice.” At 6-foot-1, Edward Nixon was taller than his brother the president, but their facial features, hand gestures and speaking styles were similar.
Did we see Jackie Robinson carry the ball?
• Mr. Trump’s evolving definition of a border wall was central to negotiations over the government shutdown on Sunday, as he told reporters he was fine with a “steel barrier.” House Democrats moved to increase pressure on the president by vowing to pass individual bills to reopen certain departments that handle critical functions.
The study, by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said nearly 40 percent of children ages 3 to 6 used more toothpaste than recommended by dental professionals.
Even a day trip to New Orleans to address farmers turned into another public pitch for the wall.
Others see them as important markers of national identity because they were designed by a generation of up-and-coming local architects just after the city-state’s founding in 1965, when the area’s growth was fueled by large-scale urban renewal projects.
Next she needs surgery to remove the tumor, which would be followed by two bone marrow transplants.
A carport was built behind the house to match the portico on the side.
Like Woodard, she is reduced to another burden for him to carry.
Mr. Sweet was on the school newspaper.
He grew up in Barron County, the son of a part-time sheriff’s deputy, and dreamed, he said, of working in law enforcement since he was 5.
“I’m jazzed,” said the New York Civil Liberties Union’s executive president, Donna Lieberman.
Because lineup paperwork is not ordinarily made public, there is little data for how frequently such age mismatches occur.
Selecting a strong Democratic candidate for 2020 will depend on finding someone compelling — or outrageous — enough to wrest screen time away from Trump, our media critic writes.
Vice President Mike Pence insisted on beginning the first meeting with a prayer, so the chief of staff to the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, asked God “to bring us together” when negotiators met Saturday in Mr. Pence’s ceremonial office in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building.
En otro, bromeó acerca de una de sus hijas pequeñas de una manera en que solo un narcotraficante podría hacerlo.
Because this is a nonpartisan special election, candidates were required to pick party-line names, like Fix the M.T.A., No Amazon, Equality for All, Unite Immigrants and Livable City.
China’s people have no institutional recourse to replace the country’s top leaders: They are stuck with the government whether they are pleased with its performance or not.
Under the influence of dark energy, the cosmos is now doubling in size every 10 billion years — to what end, nobody knows.
Sandmann gestures to a friend, and moments later, he steps out.
He was a former high school math teacher who was unerringly precise about his laboratory values.
“We think there are ways to do what the supporters of these bans want to do, without jeopardizing consumer protections and putting small businesses out of business.”
When she was found along the road, her head had been placed next to her frail body, the police said.
También deberán seguir siendo astutos en sus negociaciones con Estados Unidos para evitar que se repitan el tipo de políticas de contención que los aislaron durante la Guerra Fría, y que ahora se están implementando para aislar al régimen de Nicolás Maduro en Venezuela.
At the end of next year, the Grand Palais will close for renovations and Chanel will have to find a different venue — perhaps the moon?
[Si quieres recibir los mejores reportajes de The New York Times en Español en tu correo suscríbete aquí a El Times] La campaña antisuicidio le da una oportunidad a Facebook de presentar su trabajo bajo una luz positiva.
The general is likely to support Mr. Ghani behind the scenes while putting forward a confidant, Suraya Dalil, to represent his party in a senior role in the government, the official said.
Mr. Sweet’s family entrusted thousands of his South Beach negatives to an art storage company.
Calling Mr. Romney’s attack “calculated political treachery,” Jevon Williams, the national committeeman from the Virgin Islands, wrote in an email to other members of the R.N.C.
He may now know that his actions were not correct, but changing actions is not telling if his opinions have changed.
Their experiments involved allowing music and dance to exist separately, as well as introducing the concept of chance as a creative device.
In 2012, experiments at the L.H.C.
The company’s chief executive, Daniel Ek, emphasized the shift in direction in a blog post on Wednesday.
• “The tax law that President Trump signed at the end of 2017 reduced the average American household’s 2018 average federal income tax obligation by about $1,600, according to an analysis by the Tax Policy Center.” • But it meant that many workers prepaid less tax.
Back in the 1960s, Dr. Sandler did not consider herself a feminist.
I review movies for National Review and have strong opinions about many prestige television shows.
(Abierto desde 1825, alguna vez fue la tienda especializada más antigua de la ciudad, y la favorita de Eleanor Roosevelt).
That ethic regards celibacy as unrealistic while offering porn and sex robots to ease frustrations created by its failure to pair men and women off.
It’s more meaningful to be part of a large group of people sharing ideas.
She is dating Prince at this point.
Karendan dijo que al principio la Iglesia fue muy lenta para actuar, pues creían que la monja simplemente se oponía a las órdenes de transferencia dadas por Mulakkal.
Only about 6 percent of the population has seasonal affective disorder, a form of depression that is commonly understood as a winter affliction.
South Korea: President Moon Jae-in said that the North Korean leader Kim Jong-un’s recent visit to China signaled that a second summit meeting with President Trump was imminent.
At the end of 2015, MIO also owned more than a quarter of another China-focused PAG fund.
A reader recently asked us about a trader pictured at the New York Stock Exchange who looked familiar.
She disappears — she is disappeared.
“I thought she played incredible.” Kokkinakis, who had beaten Roger Federer earlier that spring at the Miami Open, shared that assessment, marveling at his inability to push Williams back from her position on the baseline even with his hardest, heaviest shots.
The same applies here in Peru,” she said.
used a 14-4 first-half run to pull away from visiting Wake Forest (8-9, 1-4).
There, they would sit through briefings about their post-government obligations to protect classified information, and to help their replacements transition into the job being filled, according to someone familiar with the process.
“They’re competitive for their class, but it’s hard because the other breeds really stand out, too.” Other popular breeds, like dachshunds, also tend to fare poorly here each year.
It’s no accident that Ms. Harris is making her first campaign stop on Friday in South Carolina, where African-Americans will likely make up a majority of the electorate in that state’s early primary.
¿En la ciudad en la que vives hay buenas noticias sobre el tráfico?
Makeup can be donated to playhouses and school drama clubs, teen and youth development centers; makeup and perfume samples are also welcome at many Dress For Success chapters.
The episode is the latest in a string of bold art thefts across Europe.
Two new museums are set to open this year, in Dessau and Weimar; the Bauhaus-Archiv in Berlin is adding a new building to be completed in 2022; and all the various sites, from small housing projects to the central, monumental building in Dessau, are being outfitted with new displays.
Some of the women are proud to serve, others aren’t sure what to think.
Mickelson’s younger brother and caddie, Tim, suggested people discount Mickelson’s chances at their peril.
The French said they considered the attacks to be Mr. Salvini’s way of elevating himself in Europe, by essentially punching above his weight.
In 2014, the company began selling that communication tool, called Slack.
“In effect, we are looking at the rapid expulsion of these children,” said Greg Chen of the American Immigration Lawyers Association.
So, it’s not totally unique, but I, I would have a hard time with it.”
El correo fue enviado por Cornerstone Global Associates, una consultoría con sede en Londres poco conocida.
“I just didn’t believe them, the women,” the juror answered.
Basically, it means cross into that circle uninvited and you risk an American attack.
What is it that attracts?
“The prevalence of jellyfish, especially in particular locations, can be a real signal of an ecosystem that’s not functioning properly,” said Juli Berwald, a marine research scientist based in Austin, Tex.
The change is a key foreign policy aim of Saudi Arabia and the U.A.E., but it would require not only the Qataris’ consent but also a humbling surrender of its crown jewel, since a 48-team event would be an almost insurmountable logistical challenge for Qatar this close to the tournament unless it agreed to share the hosting rights with its neighbors.
Mr. Fisher added that the cast members had “rallied together to rework the final act” so they could perform it live with Mr. Hunt as well as with the original Broadway cast from the 1996 show.
Many of its citizens are going hungry and sick, and more than three million have fled abroad.
But its modest run — at the time of its closing it will have played 589 regular and 36 preview performances — is a reminder of the challenges facing modest musicals on Broadway, where ticket-buyers are mostly tourists drawn to shows with more pizazz or bigger brand names.
“But in the last few decades the slavish devotion to their shareholders has skewed what they do.” [Listen to “The Argument” podcast every Thursday morning, with Ross Douthat, Michelle Goldberg and David Leonhardt.]
And on Thursday, they went public, sharing photos of themselves and loved ones wearing thobes on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
The couple met in June 2014 while working together as associates at Willkie Farr & Gallagher.
An aspiring filmmaker with a poster of “Capturing the Friedmans” on her wall, Geneva wants to make the yearbook the subject of her next documentary (which would be her second, at best, since her first can’t be found anywhere).
It might prompt you to start thinking about negotiating a neutral reference, or you might find out if they pay for unused vacation.” These types of logistics are easy to forget when you’re in that fateful meeting, so if you think about them beforehand, you’ll be well prepared for anything that comes your way.
The “Christopher Columbus” dial is no longer.
JESSE GREEN ‘THE LEHMAN TRILOGY’ Three Bavarian-born brothers who first set foot on American soil more than 150 years ago are returning to New York next month, accompanied by a centuries-spanning brood of their descendants.
The Super Bowl, though, has been an integral part of America’s sporting fabric and a highlight of the betting year since long before the Supreme Court’s ruling last year made it legal in more jurisdictions.
“This job was supposed to be stable and secure,” she said.
Mr. Trump’s tariffs have raised prices on a wide range of Chinese components used by American manufacturers.
In the worst case scenario, they fear that credit markets could partially or completely shut down, putting a hard brake on the economy.
PD-I/PD-LI seemed to stop T cell attack long after they had been activated.”) Graeber does a good job of hacking through it all, interspersing the medical research with interesting accounts of patients and their determined physicians.
Personal investing took off (remember “When E.F. Hutton talks, people listen”?).
(You do need a subscription to do that, yes.
Along with office space, Movement Research has two studios where classes, like the ones at MoMA, are regularly taught.
I don’t have the answer, but I am hopeful that we can reach a solution.
Or maybe he could try rhyming?
Although this evidence exists in many hate crimes, it proves elusive in others.
Los periódicos y las estaciones de radio (a diferencia de la televisión) hablaron más abiertamente del asunto.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
He said he likes checking his home remotely from his phone during the day.
“In these cases, the challenge is used as a means of self-actualization, self-affirmation and pride, which is extremely powerful.” Maybe in joining the challenge I was “celebrating” my age rather than “defying” it.
and 211 strikeouts, posting an .852 on-base-plus-slugging percentage which, when adjusted for the league and ballparks, was 26 percent better than the league average.
“The city of Toledo shut down,” said Crystal Jankowski, 31, who was in a hospital delivering her daughter during the water crisis.
“The victims of Epstein’s child sex trafficking ring deserve this investigation — and so do the American people and the members of law enforcement who work to put these kinds of monsters behind bars.” Mr. Epstein, a well-connected investor who once had a list of billionaire clients and influential friends including President Trump and former President Bill Clinton, was suspected by the F.B.I.
Politics, like hell, is other people — and not just right now, when Americans scream at one another in an inferno of partisan rancor and mutual contempt.
(There’s a video of the production on the Leslie-Lohman website.)
It has been a particularly busy year for Mr. Pang.
The chart had the operational logic of a computer board, but was programmed for limited connectivity, namely between Europe and the United States, more specifically between Paris and New York.
The Liberals raised 3.8 million dollars.
Ever the loyal cabinet member — some would say mouthpiece — he tried to pretend Mr. Trump never mentioned the lack of nuclear threat, but Mr. Tapper presented him with the exact words from Mr. Trump.
Last year, Mr. Cohen contradicted that, pleading guilty to a litany of charges, including violating campaign finance laws in connection with the hush payment.
En su informe más reciente sobre el estado del narcotráfico global, la DEA destacó que la organización a la que pertenece Guzmán Loera, así como la agrupación más reciente Cártel Jalisco Nueva Generación son “la mayor amenaza criminal del narcotráfico” en la región.
Nikola Vucevic added 16 points and 17 rebounds for the Magic, who shot 50 percent but made only 10 3-pointers.
“People want an experience in the tub,” said Brandi Halls, the director of brand communication for Lush, a maker of bath bombs.
But when he tried to check in close to midnight, the front desk employee told him that the property was oversold and no more rooms were available.
The legal and structural changes will take time, but breaking the silence and reducing the fear sustained for decades by the security apparatus is a measure of our success, even if the P.T.M.’s leaders are imprisoned or eliminated.
But with the help of a time machine, or something, maybe we can tweak the past just a little and make Sunday’s game just a little more like the recent squeakers.
How about the vowels “A,” “E,” “O,” “U” and even “Y?” That’s right.
No less than the third film to be based on the 2015 Hatton Garden heist, in which four retired ex-cons masterminded what one prosecutor called “the largest burglary in English legal history,” “King of Thieves” is unabashed old-school entertainment.
Downing suggested that the special counsel’s office was not nearly skeptical enough of Mr. Gates, who is awaiting sentencing for conspiracy and lying to the federal authorities.
As the hours passed, Mr. Charahani could see faintly at times, the light seeming to come through the panel on the door.
It had never been before; in fact, he had never really noticed the quality of the light before.
If civility’s been killed, a few of Mr. Cohen’s prints are on the murder weapon.
“To come back here and get a reception like that is definitely humbling, beyond gratifying,” DeRozan said.
No matter how many times I opted to “accept” on Stefan’s behalf the job offer from Mohan (Asim Chaudhry), the head of the video game company Tuckersoft, Colin (Will Poulter) informs Stefan that he’s taken the “wrong path.” Then I, the viewer, am forced to return to that scene until I “refuse” — I repeated this act three times to see if the result might shake out differently; it didn’t — but not before replaying a montage of the previous scenes leading up to the offer.
Young Jean Lee, a playwright, director and filmmaker, is working on a Broadway commission for Second Stage and a screenplay for Cinereach.
“He was a big shot,” said Charles B. Rangel, the 88-year-old former congressman from Harlem.
“It’s a feature that, in the end, is crucial for the evolution of human speech,” Dr. Hage said.
The Tony Blundetto arc in Season 5 is best-represented by Episodes 3 and 8, which take different angles on how an ex-con struggles to re-enter society and go straight — and how those problems eat at Tony Soprano.
!” Another aunt, Lynn Closs, also posted as the news was spreading.
and as a research assistant at the University of Pennsylvania.
[The Orange County Register] • Mr. Trump’s guests will include Alice Johnson, who was granted clemency after Kim Kardashian West brought her case to his attention.
Vertebroplasty was tested in five rigorous trials with placebo controls, the task force found.
The younger Mr. Morrison attended Stuyvesant High School, Brooklyn College and Columbia Law School.
An early set, made in 1982-83, documents social rituals at an all-day pub: men in suits reading the paper, a jolly senior woman raising her skirt, a younger one playing a song on the jukebox.
During her sophomore and junior years, she worked as a resident assistant, which provided her with free housing and a discounted meal plan.
AMSTERDAM — If there’s a single work that encapsulates the artistry of Erwin Olaf, a leading Dutch photographer known for meticulously staged pictures that challenge social taboos and explore human frailty, it might be his 2005 portrait of a young woman in a yellow dress from the Hope series.
“I know you all can live your life with the same determination and joy that Hadiya lived her life,” Mrs. Obama said at the time.
Now you can add another offender to the list: New York City.
And Tony Tommasini, our chief critic, offered some lovely memories of working with the American baritone Sanford Sylvan, who died last week: I reviewed an austere but moving revival of Robert Ashley’s opera “Improvement (Don Leaves Linda),” which I’d highly recommend.
Mayor Bill de Blasio said the numbers appear to reflect a cultural shift in attitudes about sex crimes.
In fact, our student activist numbers skew heavily female.
Last week, the State Senate majority leader, Andrea Stewart-Cousins, nominated a critic of the deal, Senator Michael Gianaris, to a state board that had veto power over it.
This was a brown thrasher, he told me, describing its attributes with a mix of precision and fondness — “rufous brown, speckled on the breast, yellow eye, curved beak, long tail.” Then he reprimanded me for trying to take a picture instead of observing with my “binos.” About two hours into our walk, Prum, who is a fast and fluid talker, interrupted himself midsentence: “Right there!
El veredicto en contra de Guzmán Loera, acusado de ser líder del Cártel de Sinaloa, sería el final de la carrera de quien se convirtió hasta en un héroe popular para algunos en México, que utilizó tácticas innovadoras para el contrabando de drogas, violencia extrema y tuvo una considerable capacidad para escapar, una y otra vez, de la justicia mexicana.
It was like eating off a conveyor belt: Some delicious moments went past quick, but if the next bite wasn’t to your taste, another bite would be coming soon.
Mr. Cuomo’s repair plan relies on a new technology that Mr. Cuomo said had not been used in the United States, but had been used in London and Hong Kong.
You can get sick and die out there.” As a cold spell cloaked New York, with temperatures reaching only into the teens, city officials urged residents to limit their time outside.
The culture ministry took the trunk from the villa in January 2017, partly in response to the complaints.
Lewis knows he has to keep moving.
One thing — first of all, there’s really no chaos in the White House, ’cause the chaos thing — you see it, you’re here, you see what’s going on.
By 2016, a policy was in place for transgender people already serving.
They wanted a $200 or $300 loan.
But the group would rather convert some of the lots into gardens or parks that serve more people, especially in lower-income neighborhoods where green spaces are lacking.
“It’s such an obvious thing not to do — the law is so clear,” said Mr. Latham, who is currently the vice president for academic affairs at Grinnell College.
Jones’s injury has the potential to be catastrophic for Duke, with Jones on top in the A.C.C.
Above 10,000 feet, Alexis Ron and his brother-in-law walked with backpacks slung over their shoulders, a mile ahead of their wives, who carried more suitcases and supplies.
The editorial boards of The Washington Post, The Chicago Tribune and The New York Post all favor such a compromise.
But farmers who have not done so must wait to certify until Farm Service Agency offices reopen when funding is restored.
Makeup: Yui Ishibashi using Tom Ford Beauty.
Trade talks between midlevel American and Chinese officials, extended from a planned two days to three, ended yesterday in Beijing after negotiators made progress but released few details.
“We lost everything,” Ms. Chévere said.
He was named the tournament’s top forward in 2015 and again in 2016.
Con este antecedente, la Asamblea Nacional, en su condición de única autoridad con legitimidad de origen en Venezuela, podría actuar como representante del Estado venezolano en el extranjero, a fin de ejercer la defensa y protección de sus derechos.
Los expertos en energía dijeron que la naturaleza del mercado global del petróleo era tal que los venezolanos podrían mantener algunos de los ingresos del petróleo si bajan el precio y encuentran clientes alternativos en Asia.
ICE has justified videoconferencing as an efficient way to address the backlog at the immigration court on Varick Street in Manhattan.
The guidelines also exclude some of the largest landlords in the country, because they rent to tenants using so-called triple-net leases that call for tenants to pay all real estate taxes, maintenance and building insurance.
Doy clic de nuevo y ahí veo agosto de 2014: mi coche está en la entrada y desde ahí se alcanza a ver la carriola de mi hijo; entonces tanto mi bebé como yo estamos en la casa.
80 percent of the people would like to see these kids have a better life.
Over time, the concept has changed a lot.” A wider understanding of the concept, he said, sweeps in children who endure daily life in adverse environments — impoverished neighborhoods, violent homes or failing schools — rather than having to push past a single traumatic event.
[Sign up here for the T List newsletter, a weekly roundup of what T Magazine editors are noticing and coveting now.]
Its Dodge and Chrysler brands score below average in quality surveys and offer fewer models than many of the company’s competitors.
Ms. Pelosi’s election was not without dissent.
Para no quedarse atrás, la Comisión Europea está ayudando a financiar proyectos como Safir.
“I can still remember seeing a seminarian come out of another’s room at 5 a.m. and thinking, isn’t it nice, they talked all night,” the same priest said.
So while shifting weather may favor the growth of the German wine sector, laws will keep it much smaller than the European behemoths.
Broader shifts in the media industry have devastated smaller publications over the past decade, with many closing and others reducing newsroom staffs and the number of times a week they are printed.
Axios generated more than $24 million in revenue last year while incurring an overall loss of $56,000, Mr. VandeHei said.
As a length of canvas was zip-tied to the fence, Anjl, in a short green coat, a tall beanie and paint-stained gloves, asked Ms. Macdonald about possible tags.
Noted, too, were all his charitable efforts.
Everyone is horribly — or jubilantly — aware that if within the next few weeks Parliament cannot agree on Mrs. May’s deal, or on any other deal, or on throwing the issue back to the country in a referendum, then Britain will tumble out of the European Union at the end of March, smashing its economy and its relationships with its closest trading partners.
Those who had died appeared to have been burned or inhaled the smoke.
After you have posted, try reading back to see what others have said, then respond to someone else by posting another comment.
Officials there are considering restrictions, companies are reassessing deals and organizations are returning donations.
In her television ads, Ms. Preckwinkle has fought back against the perception that she is part of the fabled Chicago “machine” because of her long history in city government, trying to turn the image in her favor.
That is when im bored.
“You do what you feel is right,” she told The Telegraph in 2012.
This is not glamour travel, but it is extremely hospitable and it’s genuine Canada, complete with its golf course of sand where they have an annual tournament that starts at midnight and ends with breakfast — or its log-cabin restaurant where there is only one item on the menu daily.
Shares of other chipmakers — which derive large chunks of their revenue from sales in China — fell in sympathy with Nvidia.
Trump administration officials have insisted to Iraqi leaders that they begin severing economic ties to Iran, and have urged Saudi Arabia and other Arab nations to help improve Iraq’s economy.
“This gives them a chance to walk away telling their own story — ‘I saw this opportunity, I recognized what this player would be able to accomplish.’ When you have a tool that makes an audience more of a participant than a passenger, it’s a very vital and vibrant element.” There are risks inherent in legalizing sports gambling, Guber believes.
It was a dream, dream, dream party.
(Humans live in underground cities, having survived by lottery, and Earth’s surface is frozen.)
The best part is that he lives in Natick, Mass.
This image will define his life.
It was that she was letting everyone down.” Within months, Gold’s body, and her psyche, had begun to deteriorate.
Last month, Jeff Weaver, Mr. Sanders’s former campaign manager and currently a senior adviser, acknowledged to The Times that the 2016 staff had been “too male” and “too white.” Mr. Weaver declined to comment for this article.
Crossword puzzles expect solvers to have a good grasp of general knowledge, but sometimes certain facts just aren’t in our personal wheelhouses.
In 1958, Le Parc moved to France where, at 90, he still lives.
But we read everything that comes into our inbox.
“We knew what the end would be,” Jacobson recently told The New York Times.
Researchers surveyed 501 randomly selected adults, testing their knowledge of G.M.O.s with a series of true/false questions — for example, the cloning of living things produces genetically identical copies (true), or it is not possible to transfer animal genes into plants (false).
Then the 9-year-old got bone cancer and went to Nemours Children’s Hospital in Orlando, Fla. Last November, toward the end of Ella’s year of treatment, PedsAcademy opened at the hospital, bringing virtual reality field trips, robots and math lessons that didn’t feel like school.
Also in the neighborhood: Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater, Intar, Ensemble Studio Theater and the home base for Ars Nova.
The problem with this approach is that making a little bit of money is not nearly as satisfying as making a lot, so greed starts to take over.
Jerome H. Powell, the Fed’s chairman, said that “the case for raising rates has weakened somewhat” because of low inflation and slowing global growth.
If confirmed, it would be a record low for the state.
Although broken bones are usually regarded as the most common serious consequence of falls, even if no fracture occurs, a fall can result in irreversible harm to an elderly person’s health, social interactions and psychological well-being.
These works actively incorporate accident and aspects of the ready-made, have precedents in the large-scale ceramics of Peter Voulkos and Viola Frey, but may be closest in spirit to the Neo-Expressionism of Julian Schnabel — rehabilitated, of course.
Hemos visto a personas que llevan años en el sistema, que han tomado todos los medicamentos existentes.
One, he was never impeached.
How do New York Times journalists use technology in their jobs and in their personal lives?
Thirty minutes was all his lawyers took.
But it’s the “decisions” masquerading as free will that are really frustrating.
“The New York story.” But it wasn’t a tragedy.
Luckily for Ms. Pollock and company, they were spared both men.
New York’s job losses were not only blue-collar.
A healthy workstation is one that allows you to work in a neutral, relaxed position.
Square your body toward your opponent and, as you move forward, keep your elbows tucked in and your hands up, like a boxer’s.
The teardrop shape is instantly recognizable, but this Porsche is no fossil.
“Rovers and their observations resonate with people,” said Raymond E. Arvidson, a professor of planetary geology at Washington University in St. Louis, and the deputy principal investigator for the mission.
“Remember there was that whole thing, ‘Millennials don’t love luxury’?
A prime reason to observe Frugal February, personal finance experts say, is that consumers tend to overspend during the December holidays and need time for their finances to catch up.
Britain in 2015 committed to devoting 50 percent of its aid to “fragile states and regions.” And the 2017 replenishment of the International Development Association, the World Bank’s fund for least-developed countries, doubled the bank’s financing for such countries to $14 billion over three years.
“Los anillos no solo son bellos, sirven como diagnóstico de qué sucede en el interior del planeta”, dijo Linda Spilker, la científica de proyecto de la misión Cassini de la NASA, que estudió a Saturno durante más de una década.
To have so little regard for the damage done to so many children, for the heartache caused to so many parents, is to indulge in callousness, if not deliberate cruelty.
He would be in a very different situation if he were in the United States.
He rotates toward Pelosi, who has thus far been clapping tepidly, here and there, when not inspecting her paper copy of the speech the way people search certain restaurant menus for something they can eat.
Systems are consistent across platforms and stations.
He later admitted in court documents that they were not looting and did not pose any threat to him at the time.
You have to reschedule everything.” Another former E.P.A.
When National League owners voted, 9-4, to reject the Giants’ move, Mr. Magowan’s group was free to acquire them.
Look out, Jerry Jones (sort of.)
He has not done that.
Morris is particularly interesting on the United States.
“Do I want to see accountability?
During the proceedings, his fiancée blinked back tears, while other supporters of Mr. Casado looked on solemnly.
Such deference did not keep him from painting a damning portrait of the president, including Mr. Trump’s attempts to dodge Vietnam War service and his efforts to strong-arm academic institutions from making his grades public.
But his Malaysia visa was valid for only 10 years.
She saw the ending differently than I did.
La fuerza de esos artículos y el poder de la plataforma, a su vez, inspiraron a otras mujeres famosas de Hollywood a alzar la voz.
“Theresa May is closer to leading Britain out of the European Union with a Brexit deal than at any other point since her negotiations with Brussels began,” Therese Raphael of Bloomberg Opinion writes.
Anotado: otra cosa que no me gustaba de él, que usaba mucha loción.
TRY COMMON SENSE Replacing the Failed Ideologies of Right and Left By Philip K. Howard 240 pp.
For Better Social Skills, Scientists Recommend a Little Chekhov Say you are getting ready for a blind date or a job interview.
“Unfortunately, nobody listened to him and five lives have been lost.
Above, a patient at the Sault Tribe Health and Human Services in Sault Ste.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
You will appear haggard, bloody, ferocious and, in fact, dead.
One analyst warned of the possibility of “a hair-trigger moment.” And embracing Mr. Trump could make the opposition leader, Juan Guaidó, look like a U.S. puppet.
Last May, two French tourists were reportedly confronted by a mob of monkeys and bitten.
Television footage from the shore showed flames erupting and thick black smoke engulfing the ships.
ISIS is a direct byproduct of the wider regional struggle between Sunnis and Shiites, led by Saudi Arabia and Iran.
Shakshuka With Feta Shakshuka was a reader craving from Paula Z., and I immediately thought “yes” when I saw her email — toast a lot of good bread to go alongside and you’ve got a very good, cozy, meatless dinner.
It was Ms. Labaki’s own ignorance about places like Nabaa, she said, that generated the film’s shock-and-dismay approach, which put off some reviewers.
Only someone as naïve as Zerlina could fall for that.
Mr. Brown called the treaty episode his deepest regret in office.
Pricing hasn’t been established, but 20 percent of the units will be below market rate.
Valeska Valle, participante suplente por parte de los universitarios, dijo que no cederán en las demandas vitales de libertad para todos los ciudadanos que fueron arrestados por razones políticas, garantías para la seguridad de la ciudadanía opositora y la creación de condiciones adecuadas para la celebración de elecciones transparentes antes de 2021.
That means preparation before any planned surgery, ideally with a child life specialist, and it means careful attention to the child’s pain afterward, with parents well backed up by medical specialists.
And he said that Gomez, by gathering and publicizing their false accusations, was perpetrating a kind of fraud on the public.
• Emboldened House Democrats, seeking a politically charged debate on gun control, unveiled legislation to expand background checks to nearly all firearms purchases.
Don’t lean away or flinch at the gunshot-like popping sound.
Mr. Gitler had a close association with Mr. Feather, the longtime jazz critic for The Los Angeles Times.
“Or do I buy food?” The budget triage, Ms. Tucker said, comes down to setting priorities and muddling through.
And the final pivotal moment was the fall of Saigon in April 1975.
If we were part of a big group, we could have grown a lot bigger.
With no text, this metaphor for the glass ceiling relied entirely on Ms. Ménard’s taut staging and precise physical direction.
Two teenage musicians in traditional dress played folk music on accordions.
“In theory, you should be getting feedback along the way if you aren’t doing well,” said Kim Scott, the author of “Radical Candor: Be a Kickass Boss without Losing your Humanity.” “Solicit feedback well before you think there’s a problem.
Glenn Close fue nominada por séptima ocasión —nunca ha ganado— por el protagónico de La buena esposa, sobre una mujer que sacrifica sus ambiciones profesionales en pos de las de su marido.
So she did something about it.
If there was one phrase that was heard again and again in Albany on Tuesday, it was “the devil’s in the details.” Speeches and promises are nice enough, but real bills that make real laws are usually the result of days, months and sometimes years of negotiations by lawmakers and vetting by lawyers.
Y en ocasiones soy crítico de la Iglesia.
Both saw in each other a good mate, someone with whom to make a life.
It keeps her legacy alive, and brings me so much satisfaction.
In his Interpol filing, Voronenkov wrote that he was known for protecting the “rights and freedoms of citizens.” But in fact, during those years, he sponsored amendments to Russia’s media law that barred foreign investors from holding more than a 20 percent stake in any outlet, gutting the country’s independent press.
Las personas fueron liberadas, pero el gobierno rechazó dialogar.
There were all these big beautiful lofts and loft parties but not much going on in the streets,” remembers Zeb Stewart, who at the time was a woodworker living across the street.
He will play the final two rounds on PGA West’s Stadium Course.
Whether he would do so is unclear, but lawmakers seemed confident.
It started to feel like I’m doing someone’s taxes.
Doc, were bootstrapped by the founders’ friends and family.
Before Ms. Pelosi’s response, Democrats had issued somewhat contradictory language on the president’s invitation.
Still, he worried more about his cellmate, who suffers seizures and was not given his usual medication.
Official Chinese media spend heavily to advertise on social media platforms like Facebook and Twitter that are banned within China.
Your watch is not subtle.
director in May 2017, the bureau opened an inquiry into whether Mr. Trump had been working on behalf of Russia against American interests — either knowingly or unwittingly.
The contrast with the Ekdahls’ world is designed to be stark: The sets, designed by Ms. Deliquet together with the Comédie Française director Érif Ruf, shrink to a stiflingly sparse room, where Emilie’s son Alexander bears the brunt of Vergérus’s humiliating punishments.
DeepMind’s victory showed how the future of biochemical research will increasingly be driven by machines and the people who oversee those machines.
The reported changes would be a major shift in the way the executive branch has enforced civil rights laws for the past few decades.
Many of the other countries that offer parental leave give significantly more, in some cases more than a year.
“Comenzaron a hacerme sentir miedo por mi seguridad, mi seguridad física”, comentó.
But a lot of people on Tuesday thought he was just conflating the two and trying to misdirect and muddy the waters and make people think that what Republicans had been warning about for years happened.
What can actually be said about what happened on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial?
Many of us seemed to think that American racism hadn’t survived “The Cosby Show” (where we now know that appearances did in no way reflect reality).
Fury’s a bit more elusive, so I have to just kind of pin him down a bit more, then do what I want to do.
Before Billboard began to incorporate streaming numbers in its album chart, in 2014, the lowest sales number for a No.
During a pregame tribute video titled “Thank You Danny & Kawhi,” Leonard and Green were alternately jeered and cheered depending on whose face showed up on the video board overhead.
The same holds true in “Mana Hatta” (2018), which blends rings, squiggles, polka dots and outlined bunny rabbits into what appears to be a figure in profile.
that was phobic about talking to the press, and now he was being directed to talk.” But things had changed.
The White House also demanded an additional $800 million for “urgent humanitarian needs,” such as medical support, transportation and temporary facilities for processing and housing detainees.
We do not take positions on immigration enforcement or detention policies.
To say that Cuarón cared about details when capturing that world is an understatement.
I had worked so hard and tried my best, how could girls who didn’t even come to tryouts get in, and not me?
And it obviously is trying to depict a more accurate racial scene than “Green Book” is trying to depict.
The company would not explain the starkness of the food, but a spokesman for LinkedIn, which has similar stations in its offices in San Francisco and Sunnyvale, Calif., said it appealed to the many people with dietary restrictions.
But she is a celebrity in classical music, and Igudesman & Joo have tens of millions of views on their YouTube channel.
But for all his whimsy and free-spiritedness, Rodeo has a few “no-go’s,” as he calls them, including ever returning to their hometown, Poplin Springs, Wash. Coyote is protective of her father and accepts their life of wandering, hiding her loneliness and grief behind bravado.
If companies’ first-quarter performances turn out to be as weak as analysts expect, the United States will be on track for what the financial community calls an earnings recession, which occurs when corporate profits shrink for two straight quarters.
“We have to divide people into 10 train cars, and then we divide them into multiple cars in each train.
“My family are not one dimensional characters in a refugee story” he added.
In this great nation, Americans are skipping blood pressure pills, forced to choose between buying medicine or paying rent.
“Our demand is outstripping our ability to service our customers,” he said.
But you will find like-minded extremists taking advantage of the void.” Mr. Trump’s eagerness to pull out troops only adds to that risk, he said.
Gordon died in Lodi on April 5, 1907, at 68.
The Phillies might do so for Harper, but insist they will not act out of desperation.
It can only apply pressure to the Justice Department and the F.C.C.
Universities and big pharmaceutical companies are unlikely to match those resources.
I told her to leave me alone, but now I look at the picture of the girl being dragged into the underworld and I marvel that my mom reached for me as immediately as she did.
“So my question to you —” Harris serves on four Senate committees, and is perhaps best known for her tough questions.
On one side, a communist approach looking toward the Soviet Union; on the other, a wave of Muslim Brotherhood conservatism.
“A small sample,” she replied, “is only representative of itself.” The controversy over paleogenomics was becoming a near-ubiquitous presence in archaeology journals, and Bedford, as an author on all three Vanuatu papers, had recently written the introduction to an academic forum on the subject, in the journal Archaeology in Oceania.
Entre principios de 2008 y finales de 2018, la proporción de reservas en dólares de los bancos centrales de todo el mundo se mantuvo casi constante, solo cayó del 63 al 62 por ciento del total, según el Fondo Monetario Internacional (FMI).
Facebook, Twitter, Apple and YouTube have all banned him, and a recent deal for his show to stream on Roku was revoked last month after public outrage.
Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.
Ahora que la economía mundial depende mucho de estímulos para lograr incluso un crecimiento pequeño, no hay mucho espacio de maniobra para amortiguar una reacción negativa a los cambios.
And even as dozens of Confederate statues have been unearthed and hauled away from parks and other public grounds, many others are being quietly discovered.
The ministry also displayed bowls and other items and found family artifacts from the Roman and Byzantine eras.
Mr. Woodard recovered in a veteran’s hospital and eventually moved to New York without his wife, who walked out on the marriage after the incident.
The papacy of Francis at first ignited great hope that much that has driven generations from the church could be remedied.
Run.” Christine Pelosi, a political strategist and a daughter of the speaker, weighed in on the chatter in a post on Twitter: “Oh yes that clap took me back to the teen years.
: How to Profit in the Coming Post-Bull Markets.” In that 1997 book, he said the solid returns produced by bonds would shield investors from the disappointments of the busts that inevitably followed boom markets in stocks.
I had raised her without sin.
It will return on Tuesday.
Los investigadores analizaron más de dos mil millones de mensajes en Twitter para ver cómo habían reaccionado los usuarios a eventos climáticos.
And I believe they’re around seven years old when we recorded them.” “Wee!” “Hello!” “Hurray!” [grunts] [whimpers] In “Anatomy of a Scene,” we ask directors to reveal the secrets that go into making key scenes in their movies.
But owing to the great quantity here, it almost seemed as if the panels were being set afloat as a form of display, as if they were merchandise for sale.
One of the people he has helped over the years (and who has since become a major collector himself) is Sean “Diddy” Combs, the music mogul with whom Dean has a longstanding relationship.
Este nivel de disenso reconocido por el gobierno no tiene precedentes en el país.
“It sounds bizarre,” Roberta said, “but it’s what people spoke in Britain in the early medieval period.
When she does deviate slightly from this template, it can be tantalizing: In “Two More Under the Indian Sun,” a sympathetic young Englishwoman happily married to an Indian man pays a social call on her widowed older friend, a congenial busybody who staves off loneliness with meditation workshops, charitable causes and “holy men from the Himalayas.” One longs to revisit the younger woman, in whom one detects a germinating seed of ambivalence, in middle age.
“That gave me a certain perspective on the fragility of things,” Mr. Moss said.
When the local vice consul arrived, he found Mr. Sousa Mendes ensconced at a desk where he spent three days granting visas.
Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online.
And in some cases, agitated students have grabbed officers’ guns, even while the guns were in holsters.
And when Mr. Trump addressed a joint session of Congress in 2017, they wore white, Ms. Frankel said then, to protest Republican policies.
Now Mr. McConnell has fully acquiesced in President Trump’s power grab by supporting an emergency declaration, which he opposed just weeks before, aimed at addressing a crisis that Senate Republicans know does not exist.
The Archdiocese of Washington said in its own statement, “Our hope and prayer is that this decision serves to help the healing process for survivors of abuse, as well as those who have experienced disappointment or disillusionment because of what former Archbishop McCarrick has done.” James Grein, who told The Times that he was 11 when Mr. McCarrick began a sexually abusive relationship with him, said in a statement on Saturday: “For years I have suffered, as many others have, at the hands of Theodore McCarrick.
We’ve had a domestic abuse turn violent and had people killed.
Welcome to In Her Words, where women rule the headlines.
A spiral staircase leads from this room to the third floor, where there are an additional bedroom and bathroom.
Or make that an East Dogmouth cheer, named for the fictional neighborhood, somewhere in far north Manhattan, that took in the title character (Ellie Kemper) after she spent 15 years imprisoned by a misogynist cult in Indiana.
One of the few lawmakers to criticize the government, a far-left deputy, Clementine Autain, told Mr.
But they still expect strong enough economic growth to justify increases this year.
“And you put it on the floor?” I looked down at my bags, positioned compactly so as not to stretch beyond the limits of my legs, with the zippers turned toward me where no pickpockets could reach my valuables.
For emphasis, he added, “It’s at the worst level — human trafficking — in the history of the world.” Millions of Africans were forcibly enslaved and trafficked during the 15th and 18th centuries.
Reality doesn’t seem to matter.
Andrew Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio to address the subway crisis that has frustrated millions of people and hobbled the economy of the largest city in the United States.
El partido populista Demócratas de Suecia obtuvo en septiembre el 17,5 por ciento de los votos, su porcentaje más alto en la historia, en una elección a nivel nacional.
The funding will help build a larger university complex that will include not only the Asian art museum, but also a museum of Swiss art, a library, and shared spaces for events and exhibitions.
We didn’t want to be — we just wanted to go to work and do our job.
Todd Wisenbaker, a guitarist who has worked extensively with Mr. Adams, posted a statement on Instagram with the caption: “This is incredibly hard for me to do, but Ryan, please get help.” The pop star Mandy Moore, who was once married to Mr. Adams, repeated her own allegations against him on Marc Maron’s “WTF” podcast.
The mortgage company had decided to settle the discrimination case.
We want the choice between a private plan or a public plan.
Asked which videos he worked on, he initially demurred, before quietly answering, “Like ‘Flames of War.’” The media unit, he said, was led by Abu Muhammad al-Furqan, an Iraqi confidant of the Islamic State’s leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
قالت السيدة ٠ارتينينغو: “أنا ٠تأكدة 100% أنها لا تحتاج إلى رعايةٍ نفسية.
“I seemed to be at war with myself in my musical tastes,” he told The Globe.
They kept their focus and beat the struggling Avalanche in overtime.
“Pero esa tragedia me unió mucho a su cultura, me enamoré de las canciones, la cueca, los dichos y hasta la pronunciación.
More substantial plates of steamed fish and roasted pork chop with oyster sauce are also offered.
But for many visitors, “it’s probably a surprise to hear the Prado is only 200 years old, because we so often think about its great collection from the 16th century,” said Taco Dibbits, the director of the Rijksmuseum, in a telephone interview.
[What we know about R. Kelly’s two-decade trail of sexual abuse accusations.]
After the couple moved to New York, she worked as an assistant to a partner at an executive recruiting firm.
What do you know about any of the people pictured or their roles?
At a hearing this month, no one spoke in opposition, though a state association of funeral directors said that it hoped clearer information could be added to the bill about where composted remains could be distributed.
“We can see when activity is growing — and slowing,” he said.
During the trophy presentation, Djokovic thanked his loved ones in absentia for their forbearance.
NASA could wring more information from those photographs with measurements taken from the ground, but James Garvin, the chief scientist at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md., could not justify the cost of sending a team.
The confessions are the latest escalation in the Chinese government’s efforts to stop the campaign by the young communists, who have proved unusually resilient in the face of repeated crackdowns.
They found that when it was time to recall the words, participants were far likelier to remember the words they drew over the ones they wrote down.
And mixed in with all the headaches and stomach aches of childhood, there are those constant pediatric threats, the headache which is meningitis, the stomach ache which is appendicitis.
Third Point exited its position in Netflix.
Well into 1973 — after Watergate had already become a major scandal — a large majority of Republicans continued to support President Richard Nixon.
Politicians who do not condemn violence, he added, “bear a huge responsibility.” Despite the upheaval, Mr. Tsipras is all but certain to gain approval for the Macedonia pact with the support of a few opposition and independent legislators.
The other joy has been seeing how the stories can be retold and reimagined in other mediums by talented actors and directors — both in the podcast, which has been going for three years, and more recently in the coming “Modern Love” television series from Amazon that has been filming in New York.
I wonder, though, if someone told me that M.J., after all, is no blood relation, would I lose my sense of connection with her?
“That’s another bill added that people might not be able to afford,” she said.
He said the commission might recommend a moratorium on implanting edited human embryos until it issues its report.
But their checks will come only once Washington reaches a deal.
The third big digital advertising recipient is Amazon, which is far behind the leaders but gaining ground fast.
Blend for 30 seconds then transfer to a medium-sized, heavy bottom pot.
This is not a manufactured deal, as you say.
They’re a country that pays us a tremendous amount of money, creates a tremendous amount of jobs.
“American Media believes fervently that it acted lawfully in the reporting of the story of Mr. Bezos,” the company said in a statement.
“We both work crazy hours, but Spencer’s hours are super unpredictable,” Mrs. Pepper said.
Some five minutes later, he squared up in his crease to stop Tage Thompson’s shot from the slot.
That may push women out of the public sphere — further reducing their influence over public norms.
Sports Reference, however, does not have the gleaming offices or huge staff of a digital titan.
Muchos ciudadanos blancos ahí vieron una votación para el brexit como un voto en contra de la inmigración y el islam.
On November 7, 1980, properly memorialized here as the day Steve McQueen died, two children are reported missing after riding their bikes to the park and never coming home.
The shutdown has upended her life, as well as those of many people who live and work near the park, which is now closed to visitors.
What do you hope will be accomplished by your nomination?
Rachel Arnold, a partner at the private equity firm Vista Equity Partners, helped start a chapter in Austin, Tex., with her friend Nancy Pollard by raising $1.8 million from 50 families.
وقالت في فيديو سجلته سرًا العا٠ال٠اضي: “٠ا ٠ن عدالة هنا، ولا سي٠ا إذا كنت ا٠رأة، في٠كن التخلص ٠ن حياتك”.
Some scientists say the noises from air guns, ship sonar and general tanker traffic can cause the gradual or even outright death of sea creatures, from the giants to the tiniest — whales, dolphins, fish, squid, octopuses and even plankton.
She also oversaw the official unification of England and Scotland, creating the United Kingdom.
Le gustaba el campo y apenas se graduó tuvo que trabajar tres años en un predio designado por el gobierno.
The global elite come to discuss the world’s problems — and maybe squeeze in some skiing.
“I hate that people take something that happened 35 years ago and put 2019 values on,” he said.
A karting circuit provides tamer fun with events open to anyone over 5 years old.
This time was no different.
Mr. Karzai made an appeal to end the bloodshed, saying Afghan soldiers and Taliban fighters were buried next to each other.
American intelligence agencies have concluded that Prince Mohammed bin Salman, Saudi Arabia’s 33-year-old crown prince and de facto ruler, personally ordered the assassination of Mr. Khashoggi, a Virginia resident who was killed and dismembered, and whose remains Turkish investigators have yet to find.
My family was more functional than Bri’s, but my grandmother too was a huge part of my upbringing.
This is especially true as politicians come from a wider diversity of communities and backgrounds, each with different norms around authority.
atop a broad-based core holding would imply that an investor wanted to “express a view about real estate” — either believing that it will outperform the rest of the market or just liking the sector, Mr. Brancato said.
Busch became freshly enamored of the ballad after catching a YouTube audio clip of Peggy Lee singing it to a London audience as “this morose, tragic self-indictment,” he said admiringly.
But gambling’s greatest impact, at least proportionally, could come in the new professional leagues it spawns and the moribund ones it helps to resurrect.
We’d love your feedback on this newsletter.
The Chiefs are more than just Patrick Mahomes.
He ad-libbed, smiling, “Congratulations.” It was a striking moment for a president who has been routinely accused of misogyny, who is implicated in a scheme to pay hush money to a pornographic film actress and a Playboy model and who was caught on tape boasting about grabbing women’s genitals.
Comprende que la razón por la que tiene una plataforma para algo como Lorena’s Red Wagon es por el pene amputado, la caja de hot dogs, Frankenpene y ese apellido inolvidable.
It may still be snowing.
“It’s fun to pull for a guy who’s so unique,” Lee said.
His mother, Fatoumatta Sidibeh, who was one of Ousman’s two wives, traded produce and textiles in the local marketplace.
But those tensions exploded into the open after Mr. Pompeo’s speech, in which he criticized President Barack Obama’s Middle East policies, emphasized his own Christian beliefs and offered warm support to harsh autocrats like President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt who are loyal to Washington.
I begin filling the letterforms with two to three coats of white, until they are solid.
Four days after the defamation trial begins on Feb. 4, he is scheduled to appear in Melbourne Magistrates’ Court, to face 10 charges brought by the Melbourne Sexual Offenses and Child Abuse Investigation Team: one charge of assault, eight charges of indecent assault, and one count of attempted indecent assault.
But as the room emptied, and the jubilant Los Angeles Rams continued a celebration that would rival any bacchanalia in this city’s French Quarter, the player who helped preserve their season by blatantly breaking the rules stood in the middle of it all, still in full uniform, delighted to answer question after question about his fateful, and fortunate, moment.
The story seems complicated enough to merit careful analysis, which was unsurprisingly nowhere in sight the few times I checked Twitter this weekend.
But he said, “Our founding fathers never wanted a patent to go on forever.” Representative Peter Welch, Democrat of Vermont, said some drug companies had used “disgraceful tactics” to extend patent protection for their drugs.
When Bahnsen, 34, presented her first runway collection of gauzy ruffled pieces, in the Copenhagen Opera House in February 2017, the interest from buyers was immediate and widespread, and not long after she was shortlisted for the LVMH Prize.
It had already been the subject of hundreds of tweets, mostly from people who had never read it — a fact that didn’t stop them from sending me messages of disgust, of support, of hatred, of constructive criticism, of utter cruelty.
On Tuesday, a Federal Reserve Bank of New York survey showed weakening manufacturing activity in the United States, the latest in a line of similar warnings.
The Taliban attacks were most concentrated in Kandahar Province, where insurgents carried out four attacks, killing 15 members of security forces and one prosecutor.
“We fought Jim Crow with the Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act, yet we continue to confront racism from our past and in our present,” she said, “which is why we must hold everyone from the very highest offices to our own families accountable for racist words and deeds — and call racism what it is: wrong.” Mr. Trump plans to sit down with North Korea’s leader, Kim Jong-un, this month in Vietnam, a country chosen as a neutral location for their second nuclear summit meeting, but one that also has plenty of symbolic significance.
Attacking those lawmakers, Paul LePage, the former governor of Maine — who still calls into conservative radio shows from his retirement home in Florida — dismissed the proposal as an attack on the political rights of white people.
The flutist James Newton — who had held onto a trove of tapes and papers that Dolphy left behind — recently turned them over to Resonance Records, which released 18 of the finest tracks from those 1963 dates on “Musical Prophet: The Expanded 1963 New York Studio Sessions.” Half were previously unissued, including this alternate take of “Jitterbug Waltz,” a Fats Waller classic with a frisky, twirling melody that’s oddly befitting of Dolphy.
“Puedes darte cuenta desde el principio sobre con qué tipo de individuo estás tratando”.
This is the part I avoid, too, by saving all my criticisms for my reviews.
While filming the 2001 television movie “Boycott” (she played Coretta Scott King, a role she would reprise in “Selma”), Ms. Ejogo met the actor Jeffrey Wright.
And if you’re worried about the left’s solutions, I don’t see a whole lot of candidates running around talking about the state taking over the means of production.
The void, though, is a larger metaphoric problem that zoning regulations are not likely to address in the immediate future.
(He was also a geophysicist.)
Minutes later my home was filled with firefighters taking my vitals and then paramedics.
Nearly every snippet of conversation was conducted through formal legal letters, each delayed by several days.
But I kept noticing how many young artists, notably artists of color, came out here or returned home after finishing East Coast art educations, including fellow Yalies like the painters Njideka Akunyili Crosby and Christina Quarles and the installation artist Lauren Halsey.
Pero a los reporteros, la esencia misma de nuestro trabajo —narrar y mostrar— nos pone en un estado de mayor vulnerabilidad.
Mr. Gonzalez, a donor to Mr. Trump’s inauguration committee, was particularly incensed by the accusation that the president is a racist.
As Americans, we have been trained up to believe that grief is a process, something linear we are capable of understanding.
He moved to Las Vegas from North Dakota when he was 16 because his father, a sheet-metal worker, had far better prospects in a city where, Mr. Waldhalm said, “they tear down perfectly good buildings.” A ReBar regular, he lives near the Stratosphere and works for Clark County.
“No one has benefited more from our thriving economy than women, who have filled 58 percent of the newly created jobs last year,” Mr. Trump told the nation, prompting the women to rise from their seats, pointing at themselves and nearly dancing.
Scientists said the extra hand suggested the god was wearing the remains of a sacrificial victim.
“I said there’s not a big public for this,” he said.
That has been wiped away, except for members of the military.
Did you know that the F.B.I.
“Los republicanos son muy inteligentes al trabajar con los grupos minoritarios.
He says he is learning from Tony Parker and Kemba Walker.
One son drove all the way from Illinois, he couldn’t believe his dad was actually going to do this.” “How long did it take you to practice?” I asked.
There have been many others: The Mannequin Challenge.
Now, at least on paper, California has gone from one of the most secretive states on police shootings to one of the most open.
Buy it from a local bakery to avoid fresh-seal bags.
He received his bachelor’s degree in English in 1973, and they married in 1976.
Officials urged drivers to take precautions.
But on Thursday, a handful of freshman Democrats held an emotional news conference foreshadowing their resistance to any deal that does not reduce funding for ICE, immigrant detention and other components of enforcement at the border.
Decades of policy failure have converged with the daily eruptions of President Trump to throw open the question of what America’s place in the world should be.
Scientists say that ice disks are an unusual — but entirely natural — phenomenon that occurs when a pile of slush freezes in an eddy or a piece of ice breaks off from another and begins to rotate.
The university in the Detroit area was operated for almost two years by special agents as part of an undercover operation starting in 2017, the statement said.
Mr. Powell and other Fed officials have said they see no evidence that the Fed’s balance sheet retreat is contributing to volatility in financial markets.
Even Mr. Trump’s normally bullish economic advisers have become slightly less sanguine.
“We’re here at this moment in time because we failed to provide adequate resources” to the Department of Homeland Security, said Representative Paul Mitchell, Republican of Michigan.
It wasn’t just the field goals.
Representative Pramila Jayapal, Democrat of Washington who has sharply criticized Israel’s use of force against Palestinian protesters, called the increasingly personal Republican attacks on Ms. Tlaib and Ms. Omar “absolutely inappropriate” and “very unprofessional.” “I think that there are a lot of people across the country who are deeply disturbed by some of the real issues that we are seeing in the Middle East,” she added.
No causó ninguna sorpresa que Nicolás Maduro respaldara la idea de inmediato.
On April 4, 1967, exactly one year before his assassination, the Rev.
For many developers, searching for missed opportunities is becoming the norm — as is learning how to build on trapezoidal, rocky or remote parcels.
11 a.m. [$15] A Valentine’s Day edition of “Mortified,” the comedy show where adults share embarrassing journals, letters and more from their youth, at Littlefield in Gowanus.
The concept was promoted by Elon Musk, of electric-car and private-rocket renown, and then offered by one of his companies as open-source technology available to all.
And while Mr. Kosky’s production doesn’t seem set in a particular epoch, the staging does contain references to current events, including the ongoing refugee crisis and the Islamophobic backlash it has produced in much of Europe.
[LAUGHTER] But Maggie and Peter just kept right at it.
“They are responsible for dividing the Spanish people and making people fight each other within their own country — I cannot think of a more serious crime.” The trial is expected to last at least three months.
Opening the app immediately gave each of us a search bar to type in a product or service.
The press, protected by the free-press clause of the First Amendment, is the second constitutional institution checking the president.
In many countries, the military has played a critical role in establishing democracy.
The temple, he and other experts suggested, may have been used to store such skins.
“The fear now is not about losing pieces but being hollowed out from within,” said Nathalie Tocci, the director of Italy’s Institute of International Affairs and an adviser to Europe’s foreign-policy chief.
Joseph Festa, 83, a barber who has worked all his life in Trenton, said that if minimum-wage earners want to make more money, they should either get better at their jobs or get a second job.
“Victims often try to appease the extortionist, but these efforts just allow him to retain the underserved mantle of a decent person,” Mr. de Becker wrote.
To read past Modern Love columns, click here.
“My marriage of 15 years was coming to an end,” she said.
And so in Covington, with the Cov Cath kids — you know, this isn’t about President Trump, right?
Treatments include hormones or excision surgery.
D’Angelo Russell matched his career high with 40 points, helping the Nets rally from a 21-point deficit to beat the Orlando Magic, 117-115, on Friday night.
The boy tells them that Will and Julie found similar-looking dolls in their trick-or-treat bags on Halloween, and he outlines the neighborhood that they walked that night.
But children aren’t distracted by such things.
So beloved is the calmative ethos of the London facialist Amanda Lacey that more than a quarter-of-a-century since she started her practice, the waiting list at her understated Chelsea atelier remains stubbornly long.
“As a kid being in the Nation of Islam, there wasn’t a whole lot of frivolity.
That play was set up by a 38-yard catch by T. Y. Hilton, who had 63 yards receiving on that drive.
The sweatshirt was recovered by investigators and sent to a forensics laboratory.
The cardinals most accepting of gays, he said, are those who are probably straight.
The book tells the story in 13 chapters, three on each protagonist-company and one on Facebook.
In the letter, which was first reported on by Streetsblog, the Police Department said that allowing people to share the locations of sobriety checkpoints impeded its ability to keep streets safe.
The public will have 60 days to comment on the proposal.
Glenn P. Corbett, a former assistant fire chief of Waldwick, N.J., who now teaches fire science at John Jay College of Criminal Justice, said that firefighters are trained on a range of scenarios for keeping safe while working on roadways.
• Senator Kamala Harris took to Facebook Live before the speech to criticize what she expected to be the president’s “insincere appeals to unity.” • Senator Kirsten Gillibrand jumped on a viral moment of her looking exasperated with Mr. Trump, sharing a GIF on Twitter with a link to donate to her campaign.
A few weeks ago the Clay Pot’s owner, Tara Silberberg, the Silberbergs’ older daughter, announced that she was closing the Park Slope location to focus on online sales and a recently opened NoLIta branch.
Republicans, however, were eager for Mr. Cohen to testify in public, saying privately that they planned to question him aggressively and paint him as a liar.
Quaytman made this series of works in 2018 in response to af Klint’s oeuvre from the last century, and Quaytman is the perfect artist to answer af Klint: Af Klint worked in series, and Quaytman works in what she calls “chapters.” Where af Klint took orders from spirits she claimed to have contacted through séances, Quaytman, for this project, has adopted af Klint as her higher power, working in a more secular, channeled collaborative vein.
Shouldn’t people get equal pay for equal work?
One of the most frustrating aspects of renting a vacation home online — perhaps second only to a rental not resembling its photos or description — is what is missing.
More than 80 of the funds have sprung up since January 2018, even though the Trump administration has not finalized regulations governing them.
Resulta que ella es inmortal, que caminó a través de una llama eterna ubicada en cavernas subterráneas.
[The New York Times] • The first baby gray whales of 2019 have been spotted off the coast of Orange County.
I don’t want to be surrounded by all my stuff, but it is an inescapable reality.
On Monday, a state judge ruled the police had to acknowledge whether or not they had used devices to monitor or interfere with the protesters’ cellphones, rejecting the Police Department’s argument that releasing the information would compromise its counterterrorism and criminal investigations.
And so — but I think don’t count her out.
When Jeff Dachis suddenly and unexpectedly learned he had Type 1 diabetes at the age of 46 in September 2013, he was stunned.
He did not find a fairway off the tee until the eighth hole and he missed a birdie putt of 11 feet on the first hole and a 6-footer for par on the fourth.
The federal government, for its part, could offer financial incentives to states that refuse to play the handout game.
Debido a que el dispositivo es a prueba de agua y se amolda al cuerpo, también podría ser usado por nadadores para registrar su desempeño.
He swipes through images of some iconic Vivienne Westwood pieces, like the circa 1975 Venus top, a grimily bedazzled sleeveless tee sagging with buttons and chains, and other more obscure accessories by the outlandish performance artist Leigh Bowery and the avant-garde fashion designer Christopher Nemeth.
“After this is all over, we’re going to have a street party.” Want more Australia coverage and discussion?
See the best looks from the red carpet.
Mr. Gelb is more doubtful.
A worse misstep, I think, is his decision to incorporate “Call It Joy” into the novel, only to have his characters trash it.
is good for a man’s physique.
After all, this is a population that has adapted to an unpredictable ferry service, a lone A.T.M.
After three months he ran out of money, and I had to send him Bitcoins so that he could come back to Venezuela.
Having a heart and being anti-fur isn’t a white thing; it’s a decency thing.
You solve all of those things.
They flood our Instagram feeds thanks to users like House of Highlights, which delivers the day’s most important sports highlights to more than 12 million followers.
But despite these enticements, and Mr. Trump’s unwelcoming posture toward migrants, many participants in the current caravan were still intent on making it to the United States.
This is how you experience the world?
[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]
_________ The ability to successfully regulate one’s emotions, thoughts and behaviors in different situations — effectively managing stress, controlling impulses and motivating oneself.
The United States is the only industrialized country not to offer paid leave, though lawmakers in both parties now support some form of it, as do about 80 percent of Americans.
Bombs and booby-traps left by ISIS litter the streets.
(NYT) Tech • Facebook dropped the ball on privacy and fake news.
It’s one of the 10 new books we recommend this week.
(NYT) • David Malpass, the Treasury under secretary and a supporter of President Trump, is said to be a top contender for the World Bank presidency.
transcript na Bashir and his aides are ruthless.
Buying tea there felt ceremonial.
Like, I have no problem with people who weren’t in the building talking.
So, to clarify for anyone squinting at their televisions and wondering how Foles managed to bend time and space: No, he did not actually depart one stadium in the Midwest after bewitching his opponent and then materialize in another to do the same — though such confusion would be understandable.
This season, Jacquemus also upped his offering of tailoring (strong-shouldered blazers with high-waisted pleat-front pants) and outerwear (slouchy trench coats with utilitarian pockets), all in a saturated palette of colors, including shocking pink, bright tangerine and parrot green.
So much could be created with this masterpiece.
La meditación ha escalado los peldaños de las modas del bienestar en la Costa Oeste de Estados Unidos durante varios años y ahora se afianza en la cima intelectual del momento.
If not, treatments can be adjusted or stopped.
“The woman was out cold and now she’s coming back,” he said.
On the album that Cohen, Carter and the drummer Evan Sherman released in 2018, Carter’s slippery bass and Cohen’s debonair flow are all sorts of simpatico.212-255-4037, villagevanguard.com THEO CROKER at Ginny’s Supper Club (Jan. 11-12, 7 and 9 p.m.).
That would have pushed me over an hour, and I didn’t want to go there.
That could change soon, but it has been several years in coming.
“My entire life has been challenging and troublesome — and great, you dig?
Gracias al trabajo inspirador de la Cicig, el juicio a Efraín Ríos Montt convirtió a Guatemala en uno de los pocos países latinoamericanos que ha juzgado crímenes de lesa humanidad cometidos durante las dictaduras.
Since the allegations were first reported, Mr. Trudeau has repeatedly denied trying to influence the case.
Lo leí de vuelta a casa, levantando de vez en cuando la mirada mientras caminaba para asegurarme de evitar a los extraños y el concreto disparejo.
You don’t separate families from one another or demonize those looking to America for a better life.
After spending 2018 rapidly ascending the global tennis ranks, Aryna Sabalenka decided to spend some of her brief off-season in free fall.
Basegò doesn’t look like your typical bacaro, not with pin spots casting a discrete light on clean walls of exposed brick, natural wood and white plaster.
The technicians had in front of them 12 large devices, stacked in two rows of six, that resembled oversize front-loading clothes dryers.
“I knew when it came out, people would realize that it’s not offensive to their memory.
Today, Checkpoint Charlie, popular with tourists, is a replica of the U.S. post, a wooden shack situated behind a row of sandbags — and in front of a McDonald’s — at a busy intersection in the heart of Berlin’s downtown.
The precedent at risk was Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt, which in 2016 struck down a Texas abortion law that required doctors providing abortions to have admitting privileges at nearby hospitals.
She now oversees quality control in the Carcel workshop.
Temperatures set a record on Tuesday when they peaked at 21.2 degrees Celsius (70.16 Fahrenheit) in Kew Gardens, London.
After Egypt’s generals overthrew President Mohamed Morsi in July 2013, I started attending and live-tweeting the huge sit-in in Cairo protesting the restoration of military rule, just 30 months after Egyptians had risen up against it.
They learned new things about each other, including the fact that each had a grandfather who worked together as chemists at American Cyanamid, a small chemical company in Stamford, Conn.
I planned to have Robert De Niro as, well he didn’t have a name, and Anne Bancroft as his mother.
Even among the 2020 Democrats who stopped short of endorsing reparations, several have laid out robust policies aimed at closing the gap in wealth between black and white families.
Reminded of the 20th-century sculptor Constantin Brancusi’s “Endless Column” series comprising zigzagging stacks of rhomboid modules in metal or stone, the designer decided to make his own version.
But many others went to fight against ISIS — most often by joining one of the United States’ most reliable allies in the region, the Kurdish People’s Protection Units, known as the Y.P.G.
A lone big brown bat was also gathered.
Professor Brady said she had been the target of a sustained harassment campaign by agents of Beijing.
And then there were the agents and league officials and sneakerheads and reporters, some of whom traveled great distances to make unconventional requests of the weekend’s main attractions.
How might it help you better assess the leadership abilities of the girls and boys or women and men that you know?
Ese modelo tuvo un impacto decisivo en América Latina e intentó replicarse a lo largo del continente.
To those who watched Mr. Pompeo harshly question Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in 2015 when he was a House member investigating the Benghazi attacks, the fact that he would attack a Democratic president was hardly surprising.
The Patriots got off to a quick start on an 11-yard run by Michel, and proceeded down the field through a combination of short passes — Rob Gronkowski had two catches on the drive after having just one all game last week — and runs by their three-headed monster at running back (Michel, James White and Rex Burkhead).
The appointment of Princess Reema bint Bandar bin Sultan by royal decree came amid strained relations between Saudi Arabia and the United States over the killing of the Saudi dissident Jamal Khashoggi by Saudi agents in Istanbul in October.
The poster and her family can afford $40, and the shuttle is comfortable, reliable and safe.
player — his grandfather, Jake, was a guard in the 1960s and 1970s, and his father, Craig, a backup quarterback in the early 1990s — has plenty of emotional support, and while he is staying away from the team’s official media appearances this week, he is with the Rams in Atlanta, which is not always a given for injured players.
We welcome you to continue the conversation in the comments section.
Hizo una pausa y dijo: “Haces que sea menos cínico.
If “True Detective” sticks to form, the culprit may be unmasked eventually, but the search itself will unleash forces that are much bigger and more difficult to comprehend.
Over the next half-century, she produced eight or nine volumes of memoir (it depends on how one counts), the last of which, “A Florence Diary,” appeared in 2016, when she was 99.
In most of these photos you see the criminal aspects of the numbers, rather than the everyday-ness — the communal, reciprocal and congratulatory qualities.
If Jeb Bush had been president, we’d have done it.
El gobierno estuvo menos dispuesto a cambiar su propuesta respecto a un decreto que regula a los artistas, el cual estos han calificado como una manera de establecer censura arbitraria.
With President Trump planning to meet North Korea’s leader, Kim Jong-un, next month, Vietnam appears to be the leading contender as host for the event.
El gobierno encerró a cientos de miles de ellos en lo que llamó campamentos de capacitación laboral, promovidos como una alternativa para salir de la pobreza y escapar el islam radical.
But these words are out there, with some political sanction behind them.
Managers were dismissive at an anti-harassment training session last year when employees described instances of sexism, according to an employee who later complained about the session to a supervisor.
• El legado inigualable de Susan Sontag.
Old English speakers can treat metaphor as an occasion to innovate; Modern English simply tries to describe.
D’Avenia’s authorial style may be “more is more,” but even when no words are needed, he still offers a dozen: “The Hunter doesn’t utter a word.
Along a catwalk lit by the hazy glow of Edison bulbs, Miuccia Prada sent out an ode to romance amid danger this season.
In response, we are simply trying to defend our allies and ourselves against the threat Russia poses to all of us.
In a statement on Thursday, China’s Foreign Ministry expressed hope that all sides in the conflict would “resolve their political differences through dialogue and consultation.” China has been a supporter of the leftist government in Venezuela since Mr. Maduro’s predecessor, Hugo Chávez, first came to power, and both leaders were feted in visits to Beijing.
“Who do they make eye contact with?
“Speaking out in public was so taboo and considered so unfeminine, any form of it was denounced as hysterical,” Showalter said.
According to Mr. Cifuentes, Mr. Guzmán was able to sign in through Wi-Fi even from his hide-outs in the Sierra Madre mountains.
Items such as these can be extremely difficult to find since they were frequently worn out clubbing, where they were often ruined.
In their last meeting, Mr. Trump rejected reopening the government while wall talks continued, telling the group, “I would look foolish if I did that.” For his part, Mr. McConnell has refused to take up the House package, insisting that he will not bring anything to the floor that Mr. Trump will not sign.
In the social connectivity map, the relative probability that someone in any U.S. county has a Facebook friendship with someone in the selected county is the statistic shown on the map.
Se enteró desde una habitación de hotel, acompañada por su amiga Nancy García (quien también sale en Roma) y por el equipo que la ha apoyado durante las giras de prensa.
New England becomes the first team to run a majority of plays from the shotgun, the precursor to the short-passing boom infiltrating the N.F.L.
Sales of Opdivo have lagged behind a competing Merck drug, Keytruda.
Le quitó autoridad a la policía religiosa, alguna vez temida, la cual acosaba a las mujeres que se consideraba que vestían de manera inapropiada, y el año pasado eliminó la prohibición de manejo a la que estaban sometidas las mujeres.
Videos taken before the blast showed a raucous atmosphere at the site, with villagers from Tlahuelilpan, including families, laughing as they filled plastic jugs, pails and canisters with the gasoline, which gushed from the break like a geyser.
You can see them walking with excitement to join the demonstration.
“They are not wanting to tip their hand because there is still hope against hope that impeachment will come up, but they are trying to find an alternative, which is this endless cycle of investigations,” said Representative Doug Collins of Georgia, the top Republican on the Judiciary Committee.
The most hyped is intended to make it more difficult for Britain to leave the E.U.
She followed it with “Pata Pata,” in 1990, for the British label Mango, which reinvigorated her career.
Casting: Holly Cullen at Webber Represents.
She has a dream of one day returning to school.
By Lisa Friedman There’s a lot going on in Washington and the world this week, but there’s also still a lot of buzz around the Green New Deal, a proposal put forth by Democrats that would reshape the American energy sector to tackle climate change and create jobs.
Judge Vincent Gaughan ruled that he issued a sentence only on the second-degree murder charge because it was more serious than the aggravated battery counts.
Además, dijo Wammes, imaginarnos algo para luego dibujarlo físicamente nos obliga a concentrarnos en los aspectos que definen un objeto —por ejemplo, como las diferencias entre un tigre y un león— lo cual nos permite recordarlo mejor.
What had changed in the interim was that Justice Sandra Day O’Connor had retired and been succeeded by the more conservative Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. “The key to the case was not in the difference in wording between the federal law and the Nebraska act,” Erwin Chemerinsky, now dean of the law school at the University of California, Berkeley, wrote at the time.
After working at The Pittsburgh Press and Newsday, on Long Island, she was hired by The Times as a copy editor in 1995.
Washington Post also, but The New York Times even more so treats me unbelievably terribly.
President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan usually uses the roads, moving in armored convoys that snarl traffic in the gridlock-weary capital.
By the end of 2016, I was up 12 pounds and I was 27 pounds from my goal.
Los riachuelos descienden por el delgado borde del glaciar.
And indeed, despite his complaints about the bill, Mr. Meadows made a point on Wednesday of not blaming Mr. Trump.
The good news is that some states are starting to draw districts more fairly, thanks either to judicial rulings or voter initiatives.
Who do you think will win?
— Benjamin Mueller The Confederation of British Industry, representing 190,000 businesses, voiced its support for Prime Minister Theresa May’s deal on Tuesday, but said it expected the government to have an alternative solution if the bill failed.
The city has been ruled by nearly all sides fighting in the Syrian civil war that broke out in 2011.
And while Sanders can easily compete here, his bona fides from his 2016 campaign may not be enough to differentiate himself with voters who might not care that he was first on these issues.
A true romantic with many stories to tell — all witty, all vulnerable, all directly open, consistently sharing himself.
Even the goannas they hunted struggled without the Martu.
“Think terrorism —” “About a third of the building has been blown away.” “— instead of full-scale war.” “Why do you call it the perfect weapon?” “Because it’s deniable.
When you’re scanning the shelves, if you spot precautionary labels beginning with “may contain” or “processed in the same facility as,” don’t buy them if they refer to your allergy, said Dr. Scott H. Sicherer, chief of pediatric allergy and immunology at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York.
Cory Booker and Kamala Harris want to lift the after-tax pay of the middle class and poor.
Pero puede ser arriesgado obligar a los votantes a elegir un bando en un momento en que el encanto de la derecha populista está en descenso.
Then he decamped to the border for some photo ops with Customs and Border Protection officials.
“There’s no more conversation about it; I’m literally — I’m over that,” Hart said.
Despite their differences, however, they tend to have something in common: Many have faced challenging life events, and nearly all insist that the key to winning the lottery is determination.
Sign up to get it by email.
A member of the family that owns the manufacturer of OxyContin repeatedly gave testimony in a lawsuit that conflicts with details in a report by federal prosecutors, newly disclosed court papers indicate.
In the late ’80s he led the Mecham Recall Committee, a movement to oust Gov.
According to her, how do they also make being a leader hard?
Still, it makes sense for Mr. Trump to be antsy about the strange, new experience of being held accountable.
This month marks the 40th anniversary of that brief but vicious war, in which more than 25,000 Vietnamese soldiers are believed to have been killed in little more than three weeks.
In a deeply traditional society, marriage gave her a degree of freedom, her first biographer in English, Michael C. Hillman, wrote in “A Lonely Woman: Forugh Farrokhzad and Her Poetry” (1987), using a variant spelling of her first name.
The Rams managed to have a nine-play drive generate just 23 yards as a result of penalties and Johnny Hekker punted for a ninth time.
“Every person covering sports is trying to figure out the riddle,” Van Pelt said.
It was an easy lapse to fall into in Manbij, a small city in northeastern Syria near the border with Turkey.
Jiménez dice que algunas de las democracias más avanzadas, como las escandinavas, mantienen sus monarquías y no les va mal.
Like TB and cancer before it, autism can accumulate moral weight.
But the careful, superficial conventionality of those movies highlights the complexity of so many others.
This is not the first time that it has been used to make a statement about the nation’s lingering divisions over immigration.
I love to travel; a long time ago, after my husband and I eloped, we spent a year backpacking through Asia.
The nation’s four major carriers — AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile and Sprint — have been locked in a price war for several years.
— Jen Jen A. Miller is the author of “Running: A Love Story.”
Not only because of the cultural and geographic milieu, which may be as unfamiliar to many Colombians as it will be to most North American viewers.
was an all-boys Catholic High School.
Los hermanos Isaías son dos banqueros que fueron repudiados en Ecuador por haber incrementado su riqueza a fines de los años noventa, justo cuando su banco colapsó y provocó la desaparición de los ahorros de decenas de miles de clientes, y una corte ecuatoriana los condenó por malversación en 2012.
I’m going to be paying it down until I die.” Rummaging in his bedroom closet, he produced a cardboard box, which he upended onto his bed.
So it faces dim prospects in the Senate, making H.R.
So thanks to all those who shared photos showing off your homes — and if you still want to get in on the game, I’m on Twitter at @byjenamiller.
His father, Baruch, fought with the right-wing, pre-state militia and went on to become active in the Herut Party, a precursor to Mr. Netanyahu’s Likud.
His tight-knit family also includes his mother’s sister, who lives down the street; the sisters raised their children together, and Andrew regards his cousins as his brothers.
And some argue that is not necessarily a bad thing.
fans to start throwing their shoes at the Qatari players, an act considered an insult in the Arab world.
Run-DMC, however, found themselves embroiled in more in-house battles and lawsuits, and though their legacy as hip-hop godfathers is well enshrined, their 1988 “Tougher Than Leather” album was not the commercial smash that Aerosmith’s release was.
Dizzy Gillespie marveled at his performances.
That’s a big part of why wellness programs — which provide financial incentives for healthy activities or preventive care — don’t work, as numerous studies have shown.
Their Canadian selections are not obvious but clever.
At Jazz at Lincoln Center, Smith presents the New York City debut of this work, joined by the personnel from the album: the pianist Anthony Davis, the cellist Ashley Walters, the bassist John Lindberg and the drummer Pheeroan akLaff.212-721-6500, jazz.orgGIOVANNI RUSSONELLO
Rather than order fast food because of the lack of money due to the shutdown, then use it as an excuse to blame the Democrats yet again, Trump should have rescheduled the dinner for a time when the government is open again, and quality food can actually be served.
This mess is also about politics, and if Democratic presidential candidates pay attention, they might have an opening at least in some parts of rural America.
Tom said, “For the artists who are dead and can’t defend themselves, I want you to make rectilinear galleries; for the artists who are alive, I want you to make provocatively shaped galleries.” Sol LeWitt, Anselm Kiefer, Jenny Holzer — all these great artists came in and took on the galleries that were not rectilinear.
Federal workers are either temporarily forced off the job or told to work without pay.
There was Jason, an artist from Chicago, and Kate, from Poland, who did hair, and Ross, from New York, who works in real estate.
Humpback whales have made a “really nice comeback” since commercial whaling was largely stopped in the 1960s, Dr. Noad said.
“This was happening under the Obama administration, the Clinton administration.” Mark Zaid, a lawyer who specializes in security clearances, said that Ms. Trump was citing a backlog that does not apply to her or her husband, given their special status as presidential family members and the ability of the White House to ask for expedited clearances for high-ranking advisers.
Her Instagram videos of Sergei E. Prikhodko, then a deputy prime minister, and Oleg Deripaska, a billionaire with ties to the Kremlin, were featured prominently in a 25-minute video published by Aleksei A. Navalny, the Russian opposition leader and anticorruption campaigner.
My philosophy was the only way to run a business was to learn it from the ground up.” Food can be a form of advertisement.
Nos tiene atrapados en una temporalidad que ellos definen.
Only after he was confronted with evidence did Mr. Manafort acknowledge that he and Mr. Kilimnik continued to discuss the proposal on at least three other occasions after Mr. Trump was elected, he said.
I was a single mother working a full-time day job and helping run my roller derby league.
El país tiene una tasa excepcionalmente alta de muertes fetales tardías y los escépticos sostienen que cuando un bebé nace en una situación precaria y muere luego de unas pocas horas, esto a veces se clasifica como una muerte fetal para evitar el registro de una muerte infantil.
_____________________ • When President Trump meets with Kim Jong-un next week in Vietnam, Mr. Trump’s advisers hope to hammer out a plan for ridding North Korea of its nuclear weapons.
Mr. President, can I ask you a question that I was wondering as you were all talking about this?
May it be as messy as it promises to be.
He talks about the shutdown.
Select a role-playing or other video game and explain how it reflects the culture of its origin.
My fellow activists and I were barred from joining his funeral.
The MoMA installation is tightly paced and high decibel; the one at PS1, which includes a trove of works on paper, is comparatively mellow and mournful.
We want to share what we have learned in building resilience against the changing climate.
…” That’s “The Source of Self-Regard.” The book is structured in three parts: “The Foreigner’s Home,” “Black Matter(s)” and “God’s Language.” There are 43 ruminations in all.
Even as the president wrapped his speech in a theme of national unity, he made immigration — his signature issue — central to it, as divisive as it may be.
When Prime Minister Viktor Orban rewrote the Constitution to give his party greater power, he stayed on the sidelines.
It’s going to be a big, fat, beautiful wall.”] Now that wall sounds awesome.
Elsewhere we see men and women drinking together in public, entertained by raucous revues and easily available “marahuana” cigarettes.
The question is whether that will be a positive change for the markets.
But in hindsight, she said, she feels hurt.
Pompeo rode the elevator up to the president-elect’s suite in Trump Tower the week after the election, and that same week he was announced as the president-elect’s choice at the C.I.A.
Read: The actor Russell Hornsby spoke to us about “The Hate U Give” and complex black masculinity.
Getting an appointment with a private doctor can sometimes take months.
The judge also found that Mr. Manafort had lied about a payment that was routed through a pro-Trump political action committee to cover his legal bills, and about information relevant to another undisclosed investigation underway at the Justice Department.
“You should not keep them for use for a future time,” Dr. Mason said.
The former baseball commissioner Fay Vincent, appointed by the owners and no Marxist, was moved at that time to remark to the owners: “The single biggest reality you guys have to face up to is collusion.
Para Human Flow, su documental de 2017, visitó veintitrés países, entre ellos Afganistán y Grecia, con el fin de explorar la crisis internacional de refugiados.
Aunque los autos autónomos no acabarán con las calamidades del tráfico por sí solos (como lo hacen los enfoques basados en la economía como la imposición de un costo a la congestión vehicular), sí podrían reducir el estrés.
The scientists used an approach called linkage mapping, which relies on the fact that DNA sequences that are physically close together on a chromosome tend to be inherited together.
Matt Gorman, communications director for the N.R.C.C., said the committee has been reviewing small-dollar donations for more than a year, focusing on ActBlue.
It will be aired by major broadcast and cable news networks and streamed live at www.nytimes.com.
Home prices in the trendy Parque 93 area of the Chapinero neighborhood are higher, with resale properties selling for up to 8 million pesos a square meter ($237 a square foot) and new construction fetching 12 million pesos a square meter ($355 a square foot), Mr. Beales said.
A crucial question of the Trump years has always been: Will our institutions hold?
Museums are not usually known for online trolling, so when one of the world’s great art institutions uses provocative hashtags like #Nazis and #Wehrmacht to make digital demands that Germany return a stolen painting, it is bound to draw attention.
This new era will leap ahead of current wireless technology, known as 4G, by offering mobile internet speeds that will let people download entire movies within seconds and most likely bring big changes to video games, sports and shopping.
If anything can put socialism in a more positive light, it is Trump raging against it.
Mr. Breen, 57, and Mr. Frazier, his 73-year-old partner-in-rhyme, have been a New York Knicks broadcasting team on MSG Networks for two decades.
The Elfstedentocht, a one-day, long-distance speedskating tour through 11 cities, was held in some form since the late 1700s, but was last skated on Dutch ice in 1997.
“I’m on a New York City timeline.” HBO’s “High Maintenance,” airing its third season Sundays on HBO, runs on a more stately, chill timeline.
The actions of Americans in Italy can’t be explained without Japan, or without Germany, Russia, Britain and the numerous actors and sub-conflicts making up the larger war.
In Senator Sanders’s office, Ms. Nelson said she had been initially hesitant to attend that night’s address “and listen to a bunch of lies,” but had come around to the idea.
As the new caravan prepares to leave, the experience of the last one seems to be guiding the response of governments and people along the way.
My husband is an essential employee who continues to work knowing his pay will be delayed.
Then Waring told the president that most white South Carolinians “will not voluntarily do anything along the lines suggested by you,” and that it was “necessary for the federal government to firmly and constantly keep up the pressure.” We live in a nation still stymied by the tradition of states’ rights and by racism.
Mr. Johns came across it in 2002, before the “Regrets” series.
“El Departamento de Seguridad Nacional (DHS) ha estado trabajando con los departamentos de Estado, Defensa y Justicia para asegurarse de que estén disponibles todos los recursos posibles para atender esta caravana anárquica”.
The government will be prepared,’” he said.
“There is no plan to create an Afghan Air Force as yet that could replace the role of the U.S. air component,” he said.
“They’re people just like us and they have schedules they need to maintain, and sometimes economy will get them there faster and easier,” she said.
Una fotografía de 1941 de Emmy Lou Packard muestra a Kahlo vestida de overoles con dobladillo, fumando un cigarrillo.
Mr. López, the jailed mentor of Mr. Guaidó, was sentenced to more than 13 years in prison after leading street protests in 2014 to challenge Mr. Maduro.
Photographing his goods was illegal, he told me, and he would call the police.
Miggy came to us, he had two fantastic years, won the M.L.S.
Después debes averiguar cómo ordenar lo que queda y para ello te presentamos los consejos de varias expertas en organización.
We could stop that cold.” The president continued to float the idea of declaring a state of national emergency that could allow him to bypass Congress to fund the wall.
The bloodshed came as the presidents of Chile, Colombia and Paraguay flew to the Colombian border town of Cúcuta in a display of anti-Maduro resolve — and were joined by Mr. Guaidó, who defied a travel ban.
To make money, you must keep the mountain open, no matter the weather.
“This is a guy who actually gets along with Mitch McConnell and a number of other Republicans,” said Mr. Carper, invoking the Senate majority leader with whom Mr. Biden worked closely to negotiate a handful of agreements in the Obama years.
Most couldn’t hear, beneath that mélange, the band’s harmonic and rhythmic order, spontaneous sounding counterpoint and interlocking parts.
collision: Two Long Island Rail Road trains traveling in opposite directions struck a car that had swerved around lowered gates and onto the tracks on Tuesday, killing three people in the car.
Mr. Agrizzi was the chief operating officer of Bosasa, a South African logistics company that he said handed out between $300,000 to $440,000 a month in cash bribes to senior A.N.C.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
And then six months later, this week, I get another email from Sarah Huckabee Sanders, this time asking me to join the president for a private dinner at the White House.
The president, as he did last year, will almost certainly make an appeal for an infrastructure program, and is likely to emphasize its effect in rural America, the home of his political base.
Las niñas son relativamente nuevas en el boxeo tailandés, pero conforman un sector creciente, y Pancake ha ganado doce de sus catorce competencias.
In Fort Collins, Colo., a vacant Toys “R” Us store is being turned into an adventure park, with trampolines and dodge ball courts.
It was just a day before mass anti-government demonstrations in Venezuela.
In the absence of fossil evidence, however, there has been no proof.
Two doctors who treated patients at Hacienda, including the woman at the center of the case, no longer work at the nursing home.
And the police in northern Greece said on Wednesday that they had arrested four people over “wanted” posters targeting Greek lawmakers who support the name change.
Investigators flew to Mr. Li’s mountain exile.
Mrs. May postponed the vote last month, calculating that she would lose, yet has little to show for the delay.
Amid worries that a looming demographic crisis could hamper economic growth and therefore political stability, officials have sought to ease birth limits.
Dr. Atiyah teamed up with Dr. Singer in the early 1960s.
Las ocho películas nominadas este año han estado haciendo campaña desde hace meses.
If this section is cooled, the mouse sings extended songs, adding on extra notes.
“Not a lot of money he have now,” said Ms. Herera, who was wearing Mr. Rodas’s jacket after he saw her shivering and gave it to her.
“It is most certainly not easy for you to live far from home, missing the affection of your loved ones, and perhaps also feeling uncertainty about the future,” Francis said in his homily, which he delivered in Italian.
“He would come out and put his hand on my waist and say, ‘O.K.
In a perfect world, those programs would function like insurance; each generation’s annual premiums would pay for support received during its golden years.
It strafes everything in its sights.
It is not just that Hollywood loves the Rams; the Rams love star power, too.
Today, the Senate voted to approve a compromise on the border that includes funding for some security measures, but not for President Trump’s wall.
We also looked back at the five meetings the president had with Mr. Putin since taking office.
Over the years, that and other, equally venerable rules will be broken, a slow unwinding of the old ways that escalates into full-scale slaughter and chaos.
Not long afterward, Dr. Dardik was on a plane when its older-looking captain came aboard.
The plan would also add enough elevators to the subway system by 2025 so that no rider would be more than two stops from an accessible station, Mr. Tarek said.
(This being a New York Friday, give yourself lots of time to commute.)
In Cohen’s telling, Trump — while in the Oval Office — helped orchestrate the cover-up of his affair with a porn star.
Ms. Borgmann buys grasshoppers and mealworms to mimic what Gizmo would eat in the wild.
But she made her name after she moved to Toronto around 1959, becoming a force in its music scene and packing its nightclubs.
It ranges from —” Gillibrand is a former corporate lawyer and congresswoman.
By Wednesday, transit workers were wearing masks.
There are no rooms at this hotel; instead, there are individual cabins of one or two floors, with rosy exteriors of aged, untreated wood that face the water and the nighttime fire pits along its piers.
Do you feel that you properly estimated her strengths?
Los mejores mariscos de la ciudad están en Mistura, un restaurante de lujo donde meseros elegantes atienden a los sofisticados comensales, que a menudo contrastan con la formalidad del lugar, pues van en camiseta y sandalias.
Una respuesta redactada por Tiana Clark ahondó en la idea de Petersen y tomaba en cuenta cómo la raza y la desigualdad económica influyen en el agotamiento.
If you ever doubt the value that humanity has placed on the fermented juice of the grape, take a look at the labor-intensive, death-defying challenges that people have accepted to tend vines on some of the most perilous hillsides in the world.
So far, the agenda looks pretty good.
[Read more about how Jayme’s disappearance shook her hometown.]
Tips for a more fulfilling life.
Amateur videos of the explosions circulated widely.
This picture shows the other news reporters on the rope who may be in the controversy and their news outlet may be undergoing some type of drama with Trump and have to record him from a distance.
Wozniacki, who saved both break points she faced, clinched the match on her third match point with a forehand to the open court.
But consider this question posed by several philanthropic billionaires: Should the rich be able to gift stock or other assets to charity before paying capital gains taxes?
Those fears were largely unfounded, but Mr. Seehofer, the interior minister, warned that last month’s breach should be a warning to everyone, especially ahead of the European parliamentary election in May.
Most families aren’t benefiting much from the economy’s growth.
“The irony is that the best possible outcome for North Korea would look something like the Iran deal,” said Robert Litwak, who has compared the negotiations in his work at the Woodrow Wilson Center for International Scholars in Washington.
Maybe the company’s showing signs of financial trouble or your boss has given you more than a couple stern warnings about your performance.
Alisa Ann Friscia and Kevin Christopher Guidette are to be married Feb. 17 at Stella Maris Roman Catholic Church in San Juan, P.R.
But in a way I felt, was it really yours to turn around and sell and make a lot of money from?
How active a role Mr. Flynn played in the discussions about a peace plan for Ukraine is unclear, but congressional investigators have been pursuing whether he or his former business partners might have gained financially if the sanctions on Russia were ended.
He advised the Treasury Department during the 2008 financial crisis and gained a reputation as a quirky oracle of the financial world.
Our theme is composed by Allison Leyton-Brown.
Mr. Sidhu pleaded guilty to 16 counts of dangerous driving causing death and 13 counts of dangerous driving causing bodily harm.
Background: The type of experiment Dr.
Well, good luck: Secrecy, it seems, is another common theme.
Jeff WilsonEnglewood, N.J. To the Editor: David Leonhardt’s article captured the essence of what are perceived as wrongful acts.
The wedding forces their parents to publicly acknowledge their sons’ sexualities.
“There is still time to strengthen it,” she wrote.
After she did not report to work on Tuesday morning, Jan. 29, a friend on Twitter said she had last been seen near the New Rochelle train station.
Can’t you just throw normal parties?
A number of entries speak warmly of the decent, generous-spirited nation that she visited and wrote about from the 1950s onward.
There are new works, and then there are scripts so fresh from the playwright’s fingertips that they reach the stage with no time for rehearsal.
I try to build in opportunities to display their other sides.” Out of all the theories, Ms. Chung and Mr. Jia, now married for over a year, opted for No.
On one side, James Quinn, who has been a prosecutor in the Queens district attorney’s office for 41 years, maintains that the risk to public safety posed by many of the people who secure release through the program is not being given sufficient consideration.
Instead, they came to believe, the wall was there to protect the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros from the “wildlings” — their term for the poor suckers who happened to live on the desolate northern side of the wall when it went up.
Exercise also can improve the health and function of the synapses between neurons there, allowing brain cells to better communicate.
The mildest end of the spectrum of diverticular disease is diverticulosis.
“The vast majority of small businesses will enjoy the benefits of the full 20 percent deduction.” A companion regulation issued on Friday would allow owners of rental properties to claim the deduction provided they keep certain records and perform 250 hours a year of “rental services” on the property — either by themselves or by hiring someone to do it.
We catch up with him later, as the lonely reality of his first night in exile sets in.
Ron DeSantis’s office, which quickly said it had accepted Mr. Ertel’s resignation.
Want climate news in your inbox?
Luck was sacked three times and hit six more, and he also lost a fumble, spending the day mostly as a chilly spectator to the Patrick Mahomes Show.
— Molly Flaxman, Masterman School, Philadelphia Why isn’t 5 billion dollars being spent in the cities that suffer from a drug epidemic.
But Ms. Fenton, a professor at the University of London who studies Britain’s media market, said in an interview that the broader London tabloid scene was not that different, despite concerns over misinformation after Brexit.
But I do think he has had a positive influence on the country’s politics.
66 Photos View Slide Show › And this was unambiguously a show of men’s clothing — for males, cis-gendered but also questioning.
The show was eye-opening to me, and I live in the progressive wonderland of Northern California; to a young lesbian in India, where people like Ms. Gadsby are not easily visible in media, it might have been a revelation.
It's the things that go wrong that become the stories you'll tell the most after the fact, especially when you're trying to comfort other brides.
I remember thinking that my own wool blend looked insufficient in comparison.
With Romo you can tell.
The letter included new supporters as well as many — such as public housing leaders, local small businesses and unions like Local 32BJ of the Service Employees International Union and the Building and Construction Trades Council of Greater New York — who backed the deal all along.
I literally gave everything that I had on the court, fought as best as I could, and performed a lot better than what I should have done without the amount I’ve been able to practice and train.” Murray is known for his indefatigable work ethic, so settling for the less painful option has never been his strong suit.
Of course, the argument is false, and our wallets know it.
In my 30s, I had excellent health insurance through my union.
And our Australia bureau chief offers a weekly letter adding analysis and conversations with readers.
“In most satisfying dramas, the protagonist is the biggest agent of change, and that is Cummings.” Graham said.
“It wasn’t an easy trip, but Rabia made every mile worthwhile,” Mr. Pattison said.
In his column in The New York Post in 1976, Jose Torres, the boxer turned writer, wrote of Judge Neco’s frustration on the bench as he dealt with a young Puerto Rican woman who had been an addict since she was 16 and who had been charged with drug offenses.
• Mr. Trump has agreed to give the military about four months to withdraw the 2,000 United States troops in Syria, a backtrack from his abrupt order two weeks ago that the military pull out within 30 days.
Sometimes you just realize very quickly that this person seems to be comfortable.
pic.twitter.com/Y8TlyjBuXH Instead of satisfying Mr. Trump’s demand for $5.7 billion to fund more than 200 miles of steel or concrete wall, negotiators settled on a significantly more moderate agreement: $1.375 billion for 55 miles of steel-post fencing.
In the United States, about four to eight million children have missed school in the last months because of pain, said Dr. Stefan Friedrichsdorf, the medical director of pain medicine and palliative care at Children’s Minnesota.
This is the tiresome yet unavoidable nature of business as Brexit shifts from a theoretical event to something real: Companies must plan for outcomes both wildly unknown and potentially damaging.
Broker: Sotheby’s International Realty Quebec Up from fifth place in November was a home that looked as if it took its cues from the palace of Versailles, with more than 20,000 square feet of space adorned with sumptuously crafted Beaux-Arts detail, in a prime Manhattan location.
This year’s event, which began this week, hardly resembles the glitzy spectacles of the past.
Still he did not waver, and the split was accomplished.
At least two dozen people are expected to read statements about how their lives have been affected by the killings.
You were born in India, brought up Hindu, but attended Catholic schools.
Robin Rathmell, Mr. Low’s lawyer, suggested that it would be difficult to get a fair trial in Malaysia on the 1MDB charges.
Just a few months before Donald J. Trump became the Republican nominee for president, The New York Post published an interview with his first wife, Ivana.
The pay issues have become the talk of The Hague’s legal community, and an embarrassment among advocates of the international justice system that is part of the Dutch city’s history.
Their distinctly American consumerism appears bittersweet and courageous, a display of affection for a country which had never returned the favor.
Mr. Ruiz grew up only a few miles east of his current neighborhood, Irving Park, but his family had steadily moved west throughout his life as gentrification kept pushing them out.
Gynandromorphs are believed to be infertile, although the cardinal in the Caldwells’ yard appears to have paired off with a male bird.
1 ranking, a first for an Asian player on the men’s or women’s singles tours.
This year, new “destination” fairs in Los Angeles, Taiwan and Singapore have been added to an ever more crowded calendar.
Investors have grown increasingly convinced that the Fed will not raise rates this year, and some are wagering that the central bank will even cut rates by the end of 2019.
said Mr. Levoff violated insider trading laws three times from 2015 to 2016.
And should Rivers never win a Super Bowl, he would still have achieved a level of production and durability that should keep him in the discussion of the game’s best quarterbacks long after he retires.
When you have fully experienced your bite, swallow, then pause to notice how long the flavor lingers.
In just the last two weeks, an unverified incident has worsened fears of those who would rather not see the American military return to Iraq: a Kurdish politician announced he had just come back from a trip with an American colonel to see three bases previously used by American troops near the Iranian border and that the plan was for troops to return to them.
On Sept. 11, the date originally stated for transition, Our Beginning instead held another meeting for parents.
can dangle in front of them: Fix it fast and your fine will be less,” he said.
“We absolutely don’t want to overpromise in any way what this is.” Attempts at comebacks are not unusual among retailers.
Since his kidnapping, Mr. Albutairi has disappeared from the online public sphere and is no longer married to Ms. Hathloul, who has been held without charge for nine months now and has reportedly been waterboarded.
Maybe another pal is driving right by the airport that morning and won’t mind dropping her off.
Then it will spend a few more days making its orbit around the moon more circular before attempting a landing.
The summer months are typically slow in New Zealand, Ms. Norwell said, so it is too early to see any real effects of the law: “We really need another quarter’s data.
That’s why we haven’t had lots of civil wars.” Mrs. May, in any case, is not likely to forget the lawmakers who sped the way toward her epic loss on Tuesday.
Last week, Congress held its first hearing on gun violence prevention since 2011.
A few days earlier, she had shared a picture of her bulging her biceps at the gym, hoisting two 17.5-pound weights overhead.
They also landed a television variety show on ABC as the network tried to duplicate the success that Sonny and Cher had enjoyed with their own show earlier in the decade.
That judgment was lifted only in the mid-1990s, when Poland sought admission to NATO.
It’s sad that there’s nothing we as human beings can do to freeze a beautiful moment.
The government’s efforts to encourage whistle-blowers by opening hotlines for victims have not worked, critics said.
Russia began the covert development of this class of missiles, probably in the mid-2000s, in a way designed to disguise its true nature.
Orders added victim assistance offices and background screenings for candidates, and hired accrediting companies to audit their sexual abuse responses.
Kanter said he does not think his recent comments — he called Erdogan a lunatic, a maniac and a dictator in one fell swoop — will further jeopardize his family.
They went from being flat representations of dead people to aesthetic expressions serving as portals into history.
“He is literally creating a constitutional crisis because he has a campaign crisis.” With Republicans controlling both chambers of Congress during his first term, Mr. Trump never had to issue a veto.
Whether attempting to traverse the entire six-mile length of Paris underground (spoiler alert: He doesn’t quite pull it off), tracking down the mysterious New York subway graffiti artist who over six years produced 235 large autobiographical panels in the tunnels, or profiling the original entrepreneurs who figured out subterranean photography and mapmaking, Hunt proves an able chaperone.
Those investigations and the possibility of criminal charges against Mr. Trump or an entity or person close to him are likely to loom over the remainder of the president’s term.
It is also within reason to interpret these cases as outliers, as misapplication or overprosecution of the law.
You can find plenty of home-design apps in a range of prices in your app store.
The trade war seems to be a growing source of weakness for the global economy.
The Taliban tried to capture the district, but was pushed back.
Many of the visitors — newly rich but bound by tradition — are recent retirees, who sometimes find it difficult to accept a foreign country’s cultural mores.
His charge to “read a book” echoed in my head.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
The camera also captured images of a human foot and what appeared to be a severed head.
What makes the movie so relatable is its portrayal of everyday interactions — talking to a crush, striking up a conversation with the cool kids — through the eyes of a self-doubting teenager.
And the State Department, in a September report, said there was “no credible evidence” that terrorist groups had sent operatives to enter the United States through Mexico.
Berkeley and has reported all over the state, including the Bay Area, Bakersfield and Los Angeles — but she always wants to see more.
Change does not come easily, even with such a potent figurehead.
Some other relevant resources: 110 N.F.L.
The next day, Mr. Guaidó asserted his leadership and Mr. Trump backed him.
(He said they were not related as far as he knew.)
He has a cellphone that he used for business — we used to be able to deduct part of that.” The speed from bill to law and from law to how it works in practice has made for a steep learning curve.
Duke Ellington always said that.”
Stephan Brandner, a member of Parliament with the party responsible for justice affairs, condemned the hack.
Dr. Motani and a team of researchers led by Long Cheng, a paleontologist at the Wuhan Center of China Geological Survey, examined two specimens of the new species that had been found in China’s Hubei province.
136-21 Roosevelt Avenue (Main Street), Flushing, Queens; 646-203-7380; no website; and at Canal Street Market, 261 Canal Street (Lafayette Street), SoHo; no phone number; no website.
“I won the second set, and it was one of the most amazing feelings I have ever had playing tennis, winning a set off Roger Federer!
and a founder of Miss Grass, “it’s about building the brand.” Miss Grass launched last year.
Dr. Judd became department chairman in 1977 and, after three years as head of the N.I.M.H., returned to U.C.
I think of Soave, which often has a flavor reminiscent of almonds.
Drafted and developed by the Yankees, Betances has been one of the best and most durable relievers in baseball.
You should keep the store!” Managing the store from afar, the Silberbergs made pottery that they sold to the Pottery Barn.
The junior forward Rachel Moore, the team’s leading scorer with 14 points, transferred to Holy Cross from Boston College.
Before the interception, Tagovailoa had started the game 2 for 2 for 20 yards with a picture-perfect 12-yard pass to DeVonta Smith that had gotten the Crimson Tide a first down.
What information is lost by displaying the data this way?
The recipe is simply what it says it is, which is a pork chop that is very, very crispy.
However, the brightness seemed to remain steady.
El 15 de enero le dijo al jurado que una mujer conocida como la Comadre María también había servido como intermediaria del narcotraficante cuando presuntamente le pagó un soborno de 100 millones de dólares al expresidente mexicano Enrique Peña Nieto.
Once they found a rhythm and once pitches began to crackle, they became progressively more difficult to hit.
Este año, El infiltrado del KKKlan competirá en esa categoría con Green Book: Una amistad sin fronteras, película que algunos critican porque muestra de manera retrógrada una relación interracial y que ha sido comparada con Miss Daisy.
Yours truly, Match Book Do you need book recommendations?
The college has appeared in the New York Times Crossword a total of 81 times.
Tariq Panja reported from London.
“We had to grind it out against the Chargers, at Kansas City and obviously again tonight when we really struggled to find a rhythm.
When Sampras retired in 2002, he held the record for men’s Grand Slam titles.
And Tim Murtaugh, who most recently worked in communications for Sonny Perdue, the agriculture secretary, will be director of communications.
Together, they contain eight market-rate apartments, a garage and three commercial spaces, one of which is vacant.
President Barack Obama used it once, in 2009, to impose tariffs on Chinese-made tires.
Shine, she added that he “has a gut for what sells and an eye for what compels.” A longtime associate of Mr. Ailes, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said Mr. Trump thought he was “getting Roger,” who built Fox with a keen eye for aggressive political strategy, in his hire.
While “Moonlight,” “Choir Boy” and “David Makes Man” are more strictly autobiographical, nearly every work he creates contains elements of his experience.
Nike’s European headquarters are in Hilversum, just south of Amsterdam.
I don’t think it has an American publisher yet; I ordered it from Australia.
“Inmate housing units have been minimally impacted,” Mr. Quay’s office told The New York Times during the blackout, a message initially echoed by the Bureau of Prisons in Washington.
A reflection of more of the woman’s body can be seen in the faucet.
After all, Liverpool is still top of the English Premier League by 3 points, despite being held by West Ham to a 1-1 draw on Monday after also tying with Leicester in the previous game.
Buoyant on court after the match, Nadal told the crowd that he had recently joked that the tour’s young challengers could wait awhile before challenging for tennis supremacy.
Mr. Lynch named Mr. Biden and Mr. Bloomberg as the two most compelling possibilities.
Nevertheless, the show — a double bill of Mr. Plein’s namesake line and Billionaire, a label he acquired in 2016 — went on.
I had in my head that I pulled this massive lead on him.
Some have been openly critical.
Los letreros neón exigen “Trabaja más duro” y los murales recitan ese evangelio.
She felt unsafe in El Salvador as gang violence and crime increased.
Nor can the racial politics of the United States or any other country be projected onto the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, as some have desperately sought to do.
Beauty is the world’s answer to the audacity of a flower.
Taken together, the events escalated the confusion and conflict over who is the rightful president of Venezuela, the oil-rich and formerly prosperous country upended by political repression and severe economic hardship under Mr. Maduro.
As late as early Friday morning, Mr. Trump appeared intent on declaring a national emergency at the border alongside the agreement to reopen the government, but Mr. McConnell and White House officials encouraged him to drop the idea, according to people familiar with the discussions who were not authorized to discuss them.
Twisted Sister: The American rock band said it was considering legal action against an Australian politician for using its song “We’re Not Gonna Take It” in an advertising campaign.
Everyone first heard of this when a video popped up online on social media, and quickly was being shared because it showed this group of teenage white boys who’d been in Washington, D.C., for the March for Life, an annual protest against abortion in America.
Just after, while many of the art installations are still on view, room rates plummet from an average of $463 to $227 up until Christmas.
When things are done in hand-done embroidery, there is so much love put into it.
Place one or both hands over your heart.
And listen to us on the Book Review podcast.
at the same school in 2016.)
The promise “For this reason, I am asking the Congress to end the dangerous defense sequester and fully fund our great military.” While Congress has not yet repealed the defense sequester limiting military spending, lawmakers effectively ignored it and increased funding last year.
“We just jumped on his back,” Nets guard Joe Harris said.
For the first time in its history, the colonial government of Hong Kong began to turn Chinese away from its bursting border.
We talk to women who accused the singer-songwriter Ryan Adams of emotional and verbal abuse; look at the secret history of women in coding; and say goodbye to the NASA Mars rover Opportunity.
“I think it’s the same as being an autograph collector,” he said.
For questions about lowrider culture and Chicano culture, he’s someone who people in Japan really look up to.
More than 60 million American girls, boys, men and women do not exist today because of Roe v. Wade.
Follow NYT Food on Twitter and NYT Cooking on Instagram, Facebook and Pinterest.
Part of the goal of NYC Care, aides to the mayor said, was to direct people to medical care earlier — before they seek more expensive services in an emergency room — while providing them with better health care.
Una vez arreglada la túnica, la cerró sobre su cuerpo, cubrió su cabello pelirrojo y entró al tribunal militar en la bahía de Guantánamo donde otras ocho mujeres, la mayoría abogadas y asistentes jurídicas de los acusados, también se ocultaban el cabello por respeto a sus clientes: los cinco hombres acusados de conspirar para cometer el peor ataque terrorista en la historia de Estados Unidos.
Fleur Marché Le Beauty Kit, including facial oil, eye balm, lip butter and CBD and honey repair stick, $160 at fleurmarche.com.
American bishops in recent days were near Chicago on a weeklong spiritual retreat on the sex abuse crisis, where they were focused on prayer rather than formulating policy.
But it’s also, regardless of how you feel about its style, one of the most reliable ways to delight a small group of omnivorous people.
The vast majority of them entered the United States on tourist visas and then applied for asylum.
That represented the peak of the so-called opt out movement, led by parents and strongly encouraged by unions.
After that year of treatment, he was down to 150.
That is not our strategy.
In which we ask colleagues at The Times what they’re reading now.
“She links good cooking with glamour.” And, Ms. Henry added, many women embraced her.
The Humvee was also destroyed.
Part of the success Mr. Slimane enjoyed during his previous design stints owed to how easy it was for women to wear the stuff he intended for the scrawny starvelings he favors.
The Museum of Modern Art will be closed all summer as it renovates its galleries, freeing up 40,000 new square feet of space with the stated goal of putting a new focus on works by women, Latinos, Asians, African-Americans and other overlooked artists.
The club came to be viewed as part of an intellectual conservative movement of resistance to what its members saw as a conformist liberal consensus at Yale.
In high school and in college, he worked in the women’s shoe department.
This country’s war on drugs was intended to be a system of social control.
Lejos de ser un instrumento anacrónico, nuestra arquitectura constitucional provee un esquema vigente sobre cómo actuar en Venezuela: no intervención, solución pacífica de controversias, proscripción de la amenaza o el uso de la fuerza, promoción de los derechos humanos y la lucha por la paz y seguridad internacionales.
Enseñarles a los niños a manejar el estrés y los sucesos traumáticos desde una edad temprana puede ser importante.
They were Erdogan supporters, the group leader said, giving a thumbs-up sign.
“I would beg to differ,” Representative Mark Meadows, Republican of North Carolina and a close White House ally, fired back.
Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.
The job paid $9 an hour, and the service I worked for required us to get down on our knees and scrub toilets by hand.
It all centers on moving remarkably fast, with Tom Brady alternating between short throws and handoffs in an approach best described as death by a thousand cuts.
As the government collapsed and the People’s Liberation Army advanced toward Shanghai, the city’s wealthy bourgeoisie, middle class and government loyalists — totaling as much as one-quarter of the city’s six million residents — were consumed by a single question: Should they abandon their homes for parts unknown or stay to face a nemesis reputedly as bloodthirsty as the Bolsheviks had been in Moscow?
Her father was a chef who worked for rail companies and hotels, and her mother ran a restaurant.
But Mr. Byford’s ambitious “Fast Forward” plan will not proceed without significant new funding from state leaders in Albany.
Mr. Malpass, like Mr. Trump, has cited the World Bank’s continuing loans to China as an example of its outdated approach to financing developing countries.
“What began as consensual kissing quickly turned into a sexual assault,” Dr. Tyson wrote, describing her encounter in a hotel room with the future lieutenant governor.
The judge, Jesse M. Furman, noted that experts had warned Mr. Ross that a citizenship question could affect the outcome of the census, because it would discourage noncitizens from responding.
But with her second election as speaker, the biggest Republican super PAC — and the one that arguably tried hardest to tie Democratic candidates to Ms. Pelosi — practically celebrated.
By Lisa Friedman The #10YearChallenge has shown us that some celebrities have barely aged a day over the past decade.
political circles and ran unsuccessfully for the West Hollywood City Council about a decade ago.
El presidente Trump ha creado esperanzas en torno a una intervención, ya que mencionó que ha llegado “el ocaso del socialismo” en el hemisferio occidental.
Amanda Hess: Dogs also like looking at you.
Instead of a 2.6 percent decline from 2010 to 2012, the study found, readmissions actually fell a more modest 1.3 percent.
On ne sait pas vraiment, en partie du fait que les statistiques ethniques et religieuses sont interdites en France.
He taught me that in order to prolific you have to let things go.
Patriarch Kirill, the head of the Russian Orthodox Church, has gone so far as to call the Putin era “a miracle of God.” One of the best examples today of how the church and Kremlin work hand in hand to advance Russian nationalist projects is an exhibition: “Russia — My History” — organized by the government with the Russian Orthodox Church.
If Amazon is “going somewhere else, the people will follow,” the governor added.
But where she was sitting, there was no chance for it to lob over.
He taught me that not all men were out to get me and that the message of the Gospel was about love, not hate.” — Cody Hill, 25, Raleigh, N.C. “My freshman year at a Catholic college, I became suicidally depressed and I can say with complete confidence that if I didn’t go to that school, I would be dead.
Above, Iranians visit a weaponry and military equipment exhibition in Tehran last week.
1 player to play the tournament since the world ranking began in 1986.
I worry when will they cancel my government insurance — health, dental and life — since insurance companies aren’t getting paid with no paycheck.
It’s always a good time to make Dorie Greenspan’s lemon-spice visiting cake, for breakfasting, for snacking, for eating after dinner.
To the Editor: Re “Trump Imperils the Planet” (editorial, Dec. 28): This editorial is correct about the destructiveness of President Trump’s actions on climate change.
In a note to readers, she said she intended to write the novel from her “immediate cultural perspective” and to address the “epidemic of indentured and human trafficking prevalent in many industries across Asia, including in my own home country.
Instead what Lauterbach, a former Memphis resident and the author of two other books set in the South, “Beale Street Dynasty” and “The Chitlin’ Circuit,” is going for is a loose, rangy history of the civil rights movement in Memphis, using Withers and his camera as the (literal) lens.
En virtud de estos estatutos y otros similares que les dan a los presidentes la flexibilidad de redirigir fondos en una crisis, el gobierno de Donald Trump podría esgrimir argumentos serios para respaldar al presidente si invoca los poderes de emergencia para construir un muro, dijo William C. Banks, profesor de Derecho de la Universidad de Syracuse que ayudó a escribir un libro de 1994 acerca de las tensiones entre el poder ejecutivo y el poder legislativo respecto de la seguridad y el gasto: National Security Law and the Power of the Purse.
He made us show up at an ungodly hour of the morning, professionally dressed, having read the entire New York Times and San Francisco Chronicle.
But some of her supporters and other Democrats are also asking whether she should be running for an even bigger position — and why the clamoring has been louder for some white male politicians to run than for her.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
And for those whose hearts belong to Necco, there may yet be some hope.
If people want to come to New Orleans and taste authentic New Orleans food, it is the place to go.
Thousands of troops have been deployed to guard pipelines across Mexico.
The movie covers all its bases, determined to give every segment of the audience what it wants, with dubious success.
(For his part, Gurley said he “would’ve been fresh” for the playoffs no matter the circumstances.)
As an appeals court judge, Justice Gorsuch showed no hesitation in applying the line of cases that began with the Sullivan ruling.
4 & 11” — Shawn Murphy and Nick Squire, engineers; Tim Martyn, mastering engineer Producer of the Year, Classical Blanton Alspaugh Best Orchestral Performance “Shostakovich: Symphonies Nos.
Most of the factors that contribute to vaginal scent are controlled by populations of healthy bacteria.
It is a lavish affair, aesthetically and conceptually, energized by the fact that, on a basic level, the art on the Louvre walls is static, but the performers in the space are not.
To this end, I would like to offer a definition for New York-ification: to make investments in affordable housing while diversifying the economy and ensuring that tech jobs are widely accessible.
He has not commented publicly since the court documents were released.
did not believe that e-cigarette flavors played a critical role for adults trying to quit smoking cigarettes, and that to be effective, a flavor ban should include menthol and mint.
Only a third of what would have been Toys “R” Us sales during the holidays wound up going to other retailers, Wall Street analysts estimated.
Should Mr. Guaidó and the opposition gain control in Caracas, “that would, of course, be very bad news for Havana,” Mr. Piccone said.
Leonard Cohen, who died two years ago, wore many a fedora — poet, novelist, songwriter, a singer of sorts — but only the last trade, which he took up reluctantly, made him a star.
But not all media attention translates into donations.
“I just enjoyed my game with my celebrity partners,” Ji said.
Pero con seguridad el gobierno estadounidense no liderará los esfuerzos por mantener al hemisferio alejado de las tentaciones autoritarias ni tampoco lo dirigirá hacia una mayor responsabilidad colectiva.
“We’re telling them they have the chance to help their relatives, their cousins, their children, their mothers, who are suffering as much or more than the average Venezuelan.” The promise of food and medicine has already raised hopes in some of the poor neighborhoods that traditionally form the backbone of Mr. Maduro’s support.
[NBC] Watch “The Lost Tapes: Malcolm X” at the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture, in Harlem.
Also spotted were the writers Sloane Crosley and Brad Gooch, the journalists James Wolcott and Ken Auletta, and several recently dislodged editors, including Tonne Goodman of Vogue, Linda Wells of Allure and Robbie Myers of Elle.
I would take him to Astor haircutters to see all the different peoples of the world getting along.
When her wails disturbed the other prisoners, the guards locked her in what they called “the tank,” a solitary confinement cell.
The deduction for so-called pass-through businesses was a central feature of the sweeping tax-cut legislation that President Trump signed at the end of 2017.
That’s my rule of thumb in life.
A deep roster of dependable, versatile players — and the bonus of the designated hitter spot, a luxury the Mets do not have in the N.L.
We put a lot of details into aging the jacket and creating the elements of this character.
De acuerdo con Cifuentes Villa, Peña Nieto buscó al Chapo poco después de la votación presidencial de 2012 en la que fue electo y le pidió un pago de 250 millones de dólares a cambio de frenar la búsqueda del narcotraficante.
Much of the outrage was spurred by social conservative groups, which sent emails to their followers that contained incorrect information about the legislation.
In germ-free mice, the neurons in the amygdala make unusual sets of proteins, changing the connections they make with other cells.
For Ms. Pickowicz, the more casual outfits denote the end of the masculine environment that has long dominated the industry.
I opened my eyes; the sky was white, shimmering with heat.
Anything you want to see more of?
It collects the data during workouts and compares it with previous exercise sessions.
There is no existing genetic evidence to support the view that blacks are less intelligent than whites.
On the contrary, everything we know about fiscal policy says that it’s a mistake to focus on deficit reduction when unemployment is high and interest rates are low, as they were when the fiscal scolds were at their loudest.
“But I think it’s got to be implemented the way that the people intended.
They must hope, first of all, for a swift conclusion to the latest round of trade negotiations between China and the United States, which began in Beijing on Monday.
“Mi fascinación con el país –y haber escrito un libro sobre México– casi me obligó a volver para entender lo que había pasado en Chiapas y sus repercusiones en el resto del país”, explica Riding desde París.
In telling the fact-based story of a black Colorado Springs cop named Ron Stallworth (John David Washington) who infiltrated a Ku Klux Klan chapter in the early 1970s, the director Spike Lee takes a tonally audacious approach — part stranger-than-fiction irreverence, part political statement about the legacy of white supremacy.
If you track his morning tweets with the cable chyrons (the text at the bottom of the screen during broadcasts), what it often means is that he is taking in the morning shows.
“We watch over each other’s cabins when they’re gone.
Guske adopta un enfoque más práctico.
“It made me really angry that I was contributing to a company that would do that,” she said.
A lot of people have asked me about whether Mr. Trump knew about the release of the hacked Democratic National Committee emails ahead of time.
Las sanciones no prohíben importar a Estados Unidos el petróleo venezolano, pero el requisito es que los fondos de esas compras queden en cuentas bancarias a las que Maduro y su gobierno no tengan acceso.
Mr. Abe, who has cultivated Mr. Trump more assiduously than perhaps any other world leader, was at pains not to show any daylight with his friend in Washington.
The administration has just instituted a policy known as “Remain in Mexico,” which requires asylum seekers to stay in that country until their hearings, a process that could keep them vulnerable to organized crime for months or years.
Trump’s $100 million inauguration committee looks like a giant pay-to-play scheme.
That could include more punishing sanctions.
More plays followed and a few years later she also began to write for television, with stints on “Nurse Jackie,” “Billions” and “I Love Dick.” She often writes about people trying — and just as often failing — to be good in a world that may not be so interested in goodness.
Eager to slim down, she asked her stepfather to shame her whenever she went into the kitchen.
“Fleabag” is her and a bar stool, on which she spends most of the show.
Recently Wells enjoyed seeing “Becoming Astrid,” the director Pernille Fischer Christensen’s movie biopic about the writer.
Enticing hungry customers and luring celebrity backers, food trucks have been quickly expanding nationwide for the last decade.
HABERMAN: Did you tell General Kelly or anyone else in the White House to overrule security officials?
OTTAWA — If Prime Minister Justin Trudeau had any thought that a burgeoning political scandal could be quietly contained, that hope vanished on Thursday, as Canadians dissected the explosive testimony from his former justice minister before a parliamentary committee.
You signed up for Tinder for purely platonic reasons.
The Extell project on West 66th Street at 775 feet tall will contain only 127 units, for example.
We all sang around the house, when we cleaned up on Saturdays, listening to Frank Sinatra, Sarah Vaughan.
“We think there is going to be a tsunami of entrepreneurs who have experienced the one-size-fits-all venture model and want to cherry-pick the pieces of it that work for them,” Mr. Roberts said.
“This is much more about trying to maintain her dignity and privacy through something that is very difficult.” The court documents were filed as part of Ms. Ernst’s divorce from her husband, Gail Ernst, which was finalized this month.
History, though, has a wonderful way of changing how we view things.
The practice is known as “tanking.” The Pelicans maintain that they were trying to protect Davis from a serious injury during the final 28 regular-season games before the off-season, when they do intend to trade him after they field offers from a wider base of teams than those who made competitive offers last week, according to the people.
That would just be insult to injury.” Yet some people, including commentators on internet sites and men’s basketball fans in real life, contend these women should be happy to have opportunities at all.
lumbar support.lightindustry.org [Read about the events that our other critics have chosen for the week ahead.]
It comes in a series of myth-puncturing wall texts on the causes and effects of the Civil War and the propaganda it produced, and, in a short video projected onto the painting’s surface, insists on the need for vigilance in separating history from fiction.
Mr. Abel refused and ran a column scolding the officials for trying to squash them “via economic sanctions.” The villages never pulled the ads, he said.
Border Patrol agents infrequently encounter firearms smuggled across the Rio Grande, or into the United States between bridge crossings.
“Los populistas de derecha y de izquierda, incluyendo Syriza de Grecia y Podemos de España, han descartado totalmente la idea de abandonar la Unión Europea y el euro”.
“They mentioned some qualities that really describe Henry to a T,” Ms. Farley said, adding that several constituents, including Deborah Borda, the president and chief executive of the Philharmonic, had mentioned Mr. Timms as someone to consider.
So when I go to hotels I have to request a fan be in the room, or else I can’t go to sleep.
Mr. Kim’s arrival was the clearest sign yet that China is looking for ways to prod the United States to settle the dispute quickly.
At the end, the cow is sprayed with iodine and steam to clean its udder.
— but this is a kind and sensible way to leave a woman whose actual history is too painful to bear.
(CMS declined a request for an interview.)
Snow squalls whited out the view over East Broadway, adding to an overall sense of troopers hunkering down for an onslaught.
And corporations would have to get approval from 75 percent of their shareholders and 75 percent of their directors to make political campaign donations.
“That said, they may find the things that you do better than anyone else that another scheme doesn’t highlight.” Chatham added, “Then they find a role that fits that.” Smith, who got in nearly on the ground floor of the Belichick regime, said he thought it came down to Belichick’s renowned fastidiousness and punitive nature.
Times journalist and Marine Corps infantry veteran C. J. Chivers, winner of the Pulitzer Prize for his 2016 story about an Afghan war veteran suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, will moderate the discussion.
Getting all the way to 100 percent zero-carbon electricity, experts say, could require extensive new nationwide transmission lines, novel energy storage techniques or help from untested technologies like advanced nuclear power.
That’s like saying, ‘I would give this homeless guy a dollar, but you know he’s just going to use it to print out his résumé and find a job.’” — SETH MEYERS Meyers played a clip of Trump trying to persuade the Fox News host Chris Wallace that the worsening of California forest fires isn’t due to climate change, but lack of forest maintenance.
As if on cue at the start of 2019, this cheeky haircut has resumed its role as a take-no-prisoners rebuke to those long tresses, cascading below the shoulders, that have dominated the opening decades of the 21st century.
As with most stories, it helps to go back to the beginning.
He said he did not know when she had died or the cause.
So what defines cowboy poetry?
A spokesman for the Baltimore County executive’s office declined to comment.
But supporters of the proposal say Mr. Cuomo did not push hard enough last year to convince lawmakers to support the idea.
That’s how they did it.
Over the weekend, Mr. Mulvaney took West Wing aides to a senior staff retreat at Camp David, which Mr. Trump also attended.
Edgar Cage, who organized the meeting, was careful to say that no one was accusing Exxon Mobil of any wrongdoing.
But it’s an interesting theme Mr. Stowe is offering.
Members of Congress from both parties served notice on pharmaceutical companies on Tuesday that the days of unchecked drug-price increases were over and that they would be held politically accountable for exorbitant prices.
Su familia no pudo hacer más que cubrirla con una cobija.
And the new-look Davis Cup should definitely not be granting two wild cards to its 18-team final phase.
She said, ‘Oh, the bird just hated all my lovers.
Mr. Trump would do the right thing, he predicted, because “all you have to do is count to four,” Mr. Thune quipped, according to a person in attendance.
Pero si en la autora de En América todavía se conserva un cierto respeto por los géneros, en los del autor de Afterpop los límites han dejado de estar claros.
The group will continue its push this week with $400,000 in digital ads urging lawmakers to support the legislation as it tries to break through the Senate.
After returning to Brooklyn from Massachusetts in 1980, he became the director of community medicine at the municipally owned Greenpoint Hospital, where in the emergency room, he recalled, “the young people would come, mostly dead on arrival.” “One weekend I decided to figure out if there was some way we could save their lives,” Mr. Garden Acosta added, in the Times interview.
By now, almost everyone has heard about, dabbled with or rolled their eyes at the phenomenon of standing desks.
We failed those children in Parkland.
One thing seemed certain, he said: The Communist Party will not last forever.
But if you don’t spend time anticipating the shots you are likely to take, you wind up flailing about wildly.
Jonathan Rauch (@jon_rauch) is a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and the author of “Political Realism: How Hacks, Machines, Big Money and Back-Room Deals Can Strengthen American Democracy.” Peter Wehner (@Peter Wehner), a senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center, served in the previous three Republican administrations and is a contributing opinion writer.
“At least she didn’t die of AIDS,” remembered Jill Falzoi.
Here are five of the most pressing and vexing questions that loom in Albany: The subways need money.
Now, as the first woman to lead CBS News, she will decide who will take over the program.
Just then, I saw a mail carrier coming toward me pushing her bag.
Now they are paying billions a month for the privilege of coming into the U.S. and honestly taking advantage.” While the United States is collecting billions in tariffs, that money is not coming directly from China but from companies and customers who buy imported goods.
The 5,000-square-foot space is run by the local partner, called Meet Social, but has been designed with Facebook’s guidance.
As Silvie knows all too well, “ancient knowledge runs somehow in our blood.” How many of us believe we can control those ancient impulses?
They persuaded him to come out and were leading him out of the apartment when he broke away from them, the chief said.
Last week, The New York Times reported that he planned to integrate the technical infrastructure of WhatsApp, Instagram and Facebook Messenger so that people could talk across the services for the first time.
“If you travel twice, it will more than pay for your annual fee, so the loss is an opportunity cost.” Wirecutter found that the cards from some carriers, particularly Southwest Airlines, JetBlue and Alaska Airlines, offered better benefits to loyal fliers than other airline cards.
They were, after all “doing things that other kids responded to authentically,” a Johnson & Johnson representative told AdAge.
These days, the president’s statements sound like echoes of things King said years earlier.
He’s bounced out of office, and he’s sent into the wilderness.
“I knew it was totally necessary — that what I was doing was vital to The New York Times and to the profession.” Jack Begg contributed reporting.
Mr. Mnuchin has fully divested from Dune Entertainment and RatPac-Dune, Mr. Sayegh said.
More Fed news: Jerome Powell, the Fed chairman, has taken a conversational tone in public comments, but the markets didn’t understand.
“It’s instantaneous, which means it is harder for the candidates to work out their positions or decide their positions.” In this environment, it is perhaps not surprising that Ms. Harris’s first response on private health care echoed as loudly as it did.
Years later an old friend of the family will fix his gaze on me and say, “Anne, I used to come over to your house in the evening, and your father would be stumbling and slurring his words.” Then my friend said words that surprised me — I suppose because he was male and strong, and because my own fear of my father had always seemed so private, so solitary: “I was terrified of your father when he was drunk.” And of course, it happened because of my disability.
Si naciste después de 1976, por ejemplo, todos los años de tu vida la Tierra ha estado más caliente que el promedio del siglo XX”, escribe Kendra Pierre-Louis, reportera del equipo de clima y medioambiente.
Continue on Allée des Erables for 1 kilometer, then proceed along the alley from Madrid to Neuilly and pass the Mare Saint-James.
The United States is now home to more than 300,000 Venezuelans, and the numbers seeking asylum have been soaring.
“Muslims wanted to see their religion as one of peace, not necessarily as one of struggle.” One of Dr. Sanneh’s most important works on Christianity was “Translating the Message: The Missionary Impact on Culture” (1989), in which he examined how Christianity became a world religion.
Kea was unstoppable for much of the day, finishing 11 of 17 from the field and 5 of 8 on 3-point shots.
While on the one hand, it can feel like pain erases our individuality and reduces us to something less than the people we want to be, it is also clear that we experience pain very much as who we are, in terms of biology, psychology, personality and temperament.
It echoes a current jewelry trend for transformable pieces, as well as Ms. Bucci’s own approach: “The last thing I want — for jewelry, watches, clothes, anything — is to get bored.” A mirror dial may have a contemporary, on-trend look — consider the Apple Watch, with its reflective, black-screen face — but the idea is certainly not new.
Of more importance to network executives, she delivered middling ratings.
“The fundamental flaw of the bookstore is that it’s designed to be quiet and not let people connect to each other,” Wuerfel said.
An aside: What if we take into account the reality that markets aren’t perfectly competitive, that there’s a lot of monopoly power out there?
Or you could take a run at Ali Slagle’s recipe for one-pot turmeric coconut rice with greens — which readers are modifying like mad, if the notes that follow the instruction are any indication.
How far do we carry this?
Such stubborn dedication to anachronistic techniques can be — and often is — applied to any product imaginable in Japanese fashion.
At the start of 2018, Berkshire Hathaway promoted two of its longtime executives, Gregory E. Abel and Ajit Jain, to oversee the company’s businesses.
A 2017 study, published in The Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology: In Practice showed that consumers make “risk assessments” based on the words used in this kind of labeling.
I made sure my hydration and fueling plan matched the extra strain heat and humidity would put on my body (and I set a new personal record by 70 minutes).
Children of successful recent immigrants do not qualify.
That’s why our writing prompts touch on both the serious (Should anyone have $1 billion?)
His “Abolitionists Abroad: American Blacks and the Making of Modern West Africa” (1999), for example, recounts how freed slaves sought to attack the slave trade at its source — African chiefs, who were capturing and selling people.
The resulting set reconceptualizes our understanding of what ramps can be; this ramp is art.
A cursory assessment might find the United States a less than ideal candidate for the job of managing the planet’s ultimate form of money.
She previously lived in Illinois and South Carolina, she said, and has a background in human resources.
“I had chosen a prewar apartment for the lovely details inherent to prewar buildings,” Ms. Hampton said.
Friday’s interview was also the first time that Mr. Cuomo singled out by name the person he blamed for Amazon’s retreat: State Senator Michael Gianaris of Queens, whom Mr. Cuomo accused of opposing the deal to avoid a primary challenge from the left.
“The victim had to resort to the extreme measure of using her real name and exposing her face in order to appeal for redress,” said the presiding judge, Hong Dong-ki.
En uno de ellos comparecerá Josep Lluís Trapero, el exjefe de los policías catalanes (Mossos d’Esquadra), ante la Audiencia Nacional en Madrid, por cargos de sedición.
He is the son of Paula D. Levy-Harris and Harry Harris of Cerritos, Calif.
On the other, the Chinese government – hindered neither by rigid ideology nor by anything resembling a democratic political process – has repeatedly shown its ability and willingness to do whatever it takes to prop up its economy.
“Both visions are so nostalgic, critical, loving and painful at the same time.
(If you want more, take our visual tour.)
Ms. Dexter said she had a fine relationship with Mr. Sutton and had learned a lot about the newspaper business from him in only a few weeks.
Balazs Hidveghi, the party’s director communications, used a familiar tactic as public anger swelled: Blame George Soros, the Hungarian-American philanthropist whom Mr. Orban has cast as the root of all evil.
Halep preached contentment, particularly after winning a long-awaited first Grand Slam title at last year’s French Open.
China’s factories, the manufacturers for the world, now meet domestic demand, too.
[CBS New York] State Court officers cooperated with ICE agents in arrests at courthouses: Documents were obtained through a Freedom of Information Law request.
“I just couldn’t take it anymore,” she said in court, “and I didn’t see any other way of getting out of myself.” Her life at home was stifling.
She added, “I’ve been in the Senate for over a quarter of a century and I know what can pass and I know what can’t pass.” [Read about the Green New Deal and the debate surrounding it.]
They are physically joined together in a triple-cantilever structure that resembles a giant concrete wedding cake.
AW: Pero no era tu chaqueta, ¿entiendes?
I had to kind of start over with everything.
“I love how short the intervals are (I mostly need gentle inspiration to get started) and how the women used in the videos are healthy and fit looking, but not emaciated,” one reader wrote.
But the number of protesters who took to the streets in the capital and in southern France was lower than in previous weeks.
You can either visit a Quest Diagnostics location to have blood drawn, or get a kit with a finger prick test.
It did not help matters that the man handing out the awards, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum, monarch of the emirate of Dubai and vice president and prime minister of the United Arab Emirates, has been in the news recently because one of his adult daughters alleged that he had her and an older sister abducted, imprisoned and tortured for attempting to escape his direct control.
“Then they follow up and go on-site.
America would also make good on its outstanding commitments, including the war against ISIS in Syria and Iraq, to which America would contribute “until they are destroyed.” The frugal-hawk platform is an appealing one for taxpayers who have laid out trillions for post-9/11 military interventions but still can’t stomach the idea of America in full retreat.
He added that the family did not know of “anyone who has seen or interacted with him since just before 5 p.m. in Moscow on the 28th.” On Tuesday, BorgWarner said in a statement that Mr. Whelan started working for the company in 2017 and that he was responsible for overseeing security at its facilities in Auburn Hills, Mich., and at other company locations around the world.
And a lot of people did.
“If you’re with someone and you realize they’re not the one for me, you’re going to think it’s not much of a point to put in the effort, so you ghost.
Obviously, in the very, very, very far future.
Bernal dijo que no había ningún enfrentamiento en la frontera.
Japan’s markets were closed for a holiday.
“Islam has given women all fundamental rights — such as trade, ownership, inheritance, education, work and the choice of partner, security and education, and a good life.” Considering the group’s history, some Afghan women immediately questioned the statement’s sincerity.
Internal and external forces continue to raise the prospect of a fracturing of the European Union.
Many parents (and some parenting authorities) are troubled by the idea that all spanking is being regarded as close to child abuse.
El inusualmente alto número de oficiales militares en su gobierno, incluido el recientemente retirado general del ejército Hamilton Mourão, quien fue su compañero de fórmula, representa un cambio notable para una nación que mantuvo al ejército fuera de la política mientras reconstruía las instituciones democráticas después del régimen militar de mediados de los ochenta.
The man was taken to an indoor patio where, apparently desperate, he wrapped his arms around one of its support columns.
“They have a lot of spies there,” he said.
“It became clear to me that virtually all of the inmates were mothers who were there because of poverty-related crimes, be it theft or prostitution.
The officials described Mr. Shanahan as far more pliable with Mr. Bolton than Mr. Mattis, who voiced unhappiness with the National Security Council’s reluctance to hold meetings of top members of the administration’s security agencies.
Do you live in a community that has experienced high levels of immigration over the past few decades?
Patients in critical condition or with serious chronic diseases told us the political theater is eclipsing their needs — with dire consequences.
Still, for one day at least, Mr. Cuomo seemed sanguine and dismissive of any suggestions that there could be friction between himself and his legislative counterparts.
Each time Airbnb made good and we were fully refunded.
Check out this page to find a Morning Briefing for your region.
The vote that counts may be among the Yellow Vests, and for now it is not clear that they are buying what Mr. Macron has to sell.
Last week, Mr. Modi’s transport minister threatened to reduce the flow of water through some of its rivers to Pakistan, an arid, agriculture-dependent country.
The closing of the gallery was in some ways forecast by Ms. Boone’s lawyers, who had asked that she be spared prison time because of her remorse, early-life trauma and what they described as her indispensable role at the gallery.
I had neither an umbrella nor a rain hat and was holding a magazine over my small wool hat to try to keep myself dry.
BUTTERSCOTCH at Greene Grape Annex (Feb. 7, 7:30 p.m.).
“The feminist movement in the ’60s and ’70s began to encourage us to look at women as gendered beings, and the men’s movement in psychology really benefited from that,” he said.
The Harvard admissions lawsuit is a cynical manipulation that urges Asian-Americans to sell out other people of color.
The AP scored it a shutout 120-108 for Pacquiao.
And if you regularly connect with loved ones and friends, old and new, you will be both happier and healthier.
“Si el problema se resuelve, mucha gente regresará”, dijo Ackerman, quien es republicano.
The company also had its supporters — in the city’s business community, among some unions and within nearby public housing, where some residents were hopeful that the project would bring jobs.
I’d like to think that the differences between me in 2019 and me in 2004 is a sign that we all can.
That’s what makes it better.” Leah Chase, the 96-year-old chef and co-owner of the Creole restaurant Dooky Chase’s, said it took time for gumbo to migrate from home cooks’ stoves to New Orleans restaurant menus.
Ms. Hopkins said that existing laws already ban the sale of handguns to those under 21, and that the age change for semiautomatic assault rifles seeks to make the law consistent for the different type of firearms.
It seems obvious that leaving NATO would be a foreign policy debacle, eroding American influence in Europe and emboldening Vladimir Putin, the Russian leader, who wants to weaken NATO so he can expand his political and military sway.
“By coming here, in the most concrete possible way he is using the theater to intervene in the enormous difficulties this island has,” said Oskar Eustis, the artistic director of the Public Theater, the New York nonprofit where “Hamilton” began.
La mayoría de los catalanes que no respaldan el independentismo no acudieron a votar, en respuesta a una exhortación del gobierno central, y ganó el voto a favor de separarse.
“It becomes very difficult to predict, especially since there’s been a significant turnover in the court since Granholm.” Of the nine justices in the 5-to-4 Granholm decision, only three remain: Justice Clarence Thomas, who dissented, and Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer, who sided with the majority.
Moments later, two chipper climbers bolted in, both wearing shorts, despite the driving rain and near-freezing temperatures.
Making changes in the new year?
This article has been updated to reflect news developments.
On the wall outside her tiny kitchen, Anne Bancroft and Anthony Hopkins stared down from a poster for the movie version of “84, Charing Cross Road.” Ms. Hanff passed away six months later, in April 1997.
Hausmann, de 29 años, quien tiene un tío periodista que está en arresto domiciliario en Venezuela, mencionó que la habían atacado en redes sociales al llamarla de “derecha” por coincidir con la política de Trump respecto de Venezuela, aunque no está de acuerdo con él en casi todo lo demás.
The warninglabels are for kids and granny’snight nurse.
He also insisted that the Catalan separatist leaders “were perfectly aware from day one” that his government would never allow a referendum on independence, nor accept offers for third-party mediation.
His approach has had some similarities to the wink-wink relationship that some Republican politicians in the United States have with white nationalists.
As for his comments about Hitler, Mr. von Trier said that it was “a joke that didn’t travel well;” he didn’t believe anyone would take him seriously, adding, “I’m not a Nazi.” “It’s the only press conference I ever had when I was sober,” he said.
“Traditionally, oral surgeons tended to be among the highest prescribers of opioids to adolescents,” said Dr. Charles Berde, the founder of the division of pain medicine at Boston Children’s Hospital.
Contigo veo el mundo como un lugar lleno de maravillas”.
Mr. Kruger collected the passports of the Jews in the square.
When my wife, a photographer, decided many years ago to get a nose ring, she was fired on the spot.
Officials said that during the standoff, the suspect told army officials that he wanted to speak with his wife and Bangladesh’s prime minister, Sheikh Hasina.
I decided to go to college around the corner from my childhood home after getting accepted to schools around the country.
Starting, I think, with that guy.
In Williamsville, N.Y., outside Buffalo, a homeless man was pronounced dead after being discovered inside a bus shelter on Thursday morning.
If this adjustment is going to get us a win, cool.
The Monday after the video was posted, school administrators began taking steps to talk to students and faculty members about the video and racism in general through special assemblies and one-on-one conversations.
A statement posted Monday on the film’s official Weibo account said the film by Zhang Yimou, “One Second,” had been pulled for “technical reasons,” a term often used in China as a euphemism for government censorship.
The new Cornell Tech graduate school campus on Roosevelt Island, a product of the city’s development plan, has 300 students, with expansion plans for a student population of 2,000 over the next two decades.
Reproductions of famous paintings, including nudes by Picasso and Modigliani, line the walls.
My day begins each morning with a few analog minutes enjoying the rustling of the newspaper above a steaming cup of coffee.
“People are ready to be great, but they are not ready to pay for it from their own pockets,” said Vladimir A. Ryzhkov, a history professor and opposition politician.
Last month, Mathew Knowles, Beyoncé’s father, spoke about keeping him away from Destiny’s Child.
In Britain, one of Huawei’s most important markets, the government’s treatment of the company has long been debated.
At which point the president, gesturing violently, screamed at the man, “This is the most damnable outrage I ever knew.” (He then “gave his attention to stanching the blood that was flowing from cuts in the neck of” his personal secretary.)
And then Takashi Nishioka from the band Five Red Balloons said, “Why don’t you come over and listen to this record?
“At the time, I thought that was the smart move,” Michael Belz said, remembering that his son had trouble getting his truck started the weekend before.
Prosecutors investigating that allegation indicted the former chief justice, Yang Sung-tae, on Monday.
Of this prodigious output, only “Unto This Last,” his ferocious critique of laissez-faire capitalism, and his autobiography, “Praeterita,” remain readily available in print.
If no deal is reached by March 1, President Trump plans to raise tariffs on $200 billion of Chinese goods to 25 percent, from 10 percent.
Many are on furlough, but the controllers, who are responsible for keeping planes from colliding, had been ordered to keep working because they are considered essential.
Bask in the soft evening sun and warm Caribbean breeze while getting both a visual and historical overview of San Juan Bay aboard a classic sailboat.
What if the laws change?’” To the extent that Democrats are serious about immigration reform, restricting beds is more a gimmick than a solution.
Una de las primeras decisiones que tomaron fue eliminar el efecto de movimiento.
“The basic presence of the orchestral sound is not exactly what I imagine it can be,” Mr. Nézet-Séguin said, in his most detailed public comments yet about his intentions for the Met’s orchestra.
Still, by settling each time, the owners may have calculated that they and many fans could then try to move past the contentious issues at the heart of the two cases — the long-term effects of repeated head trauma in the first instance, and the right of players to protest in the second instance.
You can mourn, but you can’t replace, Silvano Marchetto and his celebrity magnet, Da Silvano in Greenwich Village.
But the fact that many of the survivors of forced marriages are immigrants, or come from families that recently immigrated, she added, seemed to make them less sympathetic in the public’s eye.
His mother, Frances (O’Brien) Garfield, an artist, was a protégé of Georgia O’Keeffe, and it was O’Keeffe who introduced Ms. O’Brien to her future husband, George Garfield, an entrepreneur.
With the chronic food shortages in Venezuela, that errand already is very complicated, but there’s an extra layer of difficulty for me: I don’t own bolívars, Venezuela’s official currency.
When can we catch a break?” Ms. Gallinaro said.
To the Editor: Re “Mr.
“Extranjeros ilegales” que dan a luz a “bebés ancla” tras llegar en una “caravana”.
But he would not wade into the 241-year-old squabble over it.
“Honey, let me tell you, I am locked in the house and I cannot leave,” she said.
_________ The graphs for “What’s Going On in This Graph?” are selected in partnership with Sharon Hessney.
How long will the winner serve?
It was heralded a year and a half ago as the start of a Midwestern manufacturing renaissance: Foxconn, the Taiwanese electronics behemoth, would build a $10 billion Wisconsin plant to make flat-screen televisions, creating 13,000 jobs.
Anything you want to see more of?
We used to have this top-down notion that reason was on a teeter-totter with emotion.
Satchel Paige, pitching for the Cleveland Indians in 1948, was the second, following a long and brilliant career in the Negro leagues.
“He said, ‘I don’t really see it’s my job to help you,’” Inspector Hines said.
So back in 2005, it seemed like a good idea to buy an apartment.
As nations across Europe take the first steps to reconfigure the systems that control the internet, Huawei’s threat was the latest salvo in the escalating war over who will control the hardware that will underpin the new 5G, or fifth-generation, networks.
It’s an elite police unit Maduro created in 2017 to fight crime.
What distinguishes the movie from other fairy tales, A. O. Scott wrote in The New York Times, “is that it balances its own magical thinking with the knowledge that not everyone lives happily ever after.”
“One couple came up to us and asked how long we had been married,” Dr. Greene said.
The Taliban want the American military to pull out, and the United States is looking for security assurances.
“As people get older, there’s a lot more to deal with, and I think Charles has gotten more open to the idea that life is very big,” Halston said.
They have separate encounters with this shadowy figure (who is, at one point, mistaken for a bull), and each sees something different in him.
(Disney will take control of Hulu once it completes its acquisition of the bulk of Rupert Murdoch’s Fox business, sometime around the middle of the year.)
The political and personal characteristics of these two leaders, inaugurated just days apart, are a recipe for disaster.
She cited the camp’s strain on resources and “many complaints from neighboring camps.” Representatives for Humano did not return emails seeking comment on Thursday.
He moved his legs and gave a thumbs-up to fans.
“I was successful in getting the yardage down between 5,000 and 5,200 yards.” “We’re total opposites,” Ms. Dye said when she and Mr. Dye were interviewed by PBS in 2012.
But is that turnout sustainable or has it been a reaction to President Trump?
And the idea that we think Americans can only speak English, as if Spanish and other languages wasn’t always part of America, is, in some ways, troubling,” Ms. Alcindor said.
It consists of questions with intuitively compelling but incorrect answers, which can be easily shown to be wrong with a modicum of reasoning.
My hands became encrusted with glue as the sweaters blurred into a clumpy sameness.
A new analysis, published Thursday in the journal Science, found that the oceans are heating up 40 percent faster on average than a United Nations panel estimated five years ago.
“When you are unique in a pack, it could have an impact,” Mr. Gyory said.
“Being scientists, we are not all that creative with words,” Dr. Stern said.
That includes the people who didn’t make the guest list.
Some applicants have shown up for their interview only to learn they could be deported.
In normal months, most people with Fresh EBT use it to check their balance.
Now, developers and owners of urban office buildings are adding terraces and transforming once-barren rooftops into parklike settings, where workers can plant vegetables, unfurl yoga mats or swing in a hammock.
This is a tear-struck thesis play, proposing (with echoes of Zora Neale Hurston) that, as Genesis says, “black women are at the bottom of virtually everything in society,” their labor undervalued, their hurt unrecognized.
Trump hawked “LGBTQ for Trump” T-shirts on his campaign website, held up a pride flag during a campaign event and presided over what Angelo, the former Log Cabin president, called “the most gay-friendly convention in G.O.P.
[Our critic shares her favorites from Sundance.]
Anderson was stopped on the 1-yard line.
But more recently, her high, smiley voice has been heard alongside Latin pop hitmakers like J Balvin, Pitbull and Daddy Yankee, in English and Spanish.
More College Students Seem to Be Majoring in Perfectionism (Related Learning Network Writing Prompt) New data indicates that perfectionism, especially when influenced by social media, has increased by 33 percent since 1989.
This week’s show is produced by Alex Laughlin for Transmitter Media, with help from Caitlin Pierce.
There was not an audience — I was pissed at everybody on the other side.
Rather, because he may appear to be the best choice.
For all the talk of new generations and upstart millennials dictating the agenda these days, the fashion establishment is awfully — how to put this?
‘Talking Back: Thinking, Thinking Black’ (1989) Anthology of essays about feminism and finding her material and voice as a writer, including “to Gloria, who is she: on using a pseudonym” and “Ain’t I A Woman: looking back.” ‘Black Looks: Race and Representation’ (1992) Anthology of essays, including the knockout, “Eating the Other,” and film-studies canon essay, “The Oppositional Gaze.” ‘Teaching to Transgress: Education as the Practice of Freedom’ (1994) An exciting and liberating work of practical pedagogy for teachers and students.
Jan. 18 Farah Province: eight police officers killed The Taliban attacked police outposts in the Karez-e-Shaikhan area of Farah City, the provincial capital.
The mayor was more receptive to concerns raised by prominent union opponents of the deal.
It was all about sex, nature’s way of propagating the species.
Clemson is the plucky underdog whose fans drive around with little tiger tails trailing the backs of their trucks.
“He came from nowhere, and he did something I didn’t feel was possible.
Wright, who found behind-the-scenes work to be more appealing than coaching or broadcasting, thanked the Mets’ ownership and their fans in a statement on Monday.
She is a daughter of Donna B. Shepard and John S. Shepard of Coral Gables, Fla. Mr. Scheiner, 40, works in New York for the hedge fund Point72, which is based in Stamford, Conn.
The three leads do the best they can with their stock characters.
(Those who want to share art with their dogs might consider New York’s small galleries, many of which don’t mind them.)
It was put up in 1913, during the Jim Crow era.
I was once a big fan of “The Simpsons” but basically stopped watching 15 years ago.
“The world we cover is changing, how we cover it is changing — and it’s the right time for me to make a change too.”
Clients include billionaire industrialists and members of Middle Eastern royal families, who prefer to keep details of their acquisitions private.
Como él, soy un chico de clase trabajadora proveniente de Queens y no me criaron en una “familia tradicional”, lo que sea que signifique ese término.
The Democrats should choose a candidate who understands the appeal of economic populism right now.
She did not call a medical timeout on the ensuing changeover, but she retied her shoelaces, making them tighter.
In upward of 70 countries, same-sex relationships are a crime.
‘The Breakthrough’ is the story of this desperate war waged on a cellular level.” TODDLER-HUNTING: And Other Stories, by Taeko Kono.
There are constant shifts from obsessively repeated notes and chords, to wildly skittish bursts, to rhythmic episodes that almost — but never quite — slip into a marching groove.
A lot of times we hear, in all industries, “I would hire women if there were more experienced women.” It’s laughable, because how can you become experienced if you don’t get the opportunity to show your skills?
You’re never sure who’s the cat and who’s the mouse in this chilly drama about a husband and wife who loathe one another.
He endorses the Green New Deal as sort of an aspirational goal, but he doesn’t endorse the full program, wouldn’t expect to enact it as president.
And I think what this conversation showed is this is actually a man with a lot of respect for The New York Times as an institution.
“Al final del día siempre habrá alguien que compre un volumen limitado de crudo que nadie ha reclamado”, dijo Ali Moshiri, quien dirigió las operaciones de Chevron en Venezuela y en otras partes de Latinoamérica hasta 2017, “pero será con un descuento muy grande”.
Mr. Innvar gives the most passionate performance here, as Kurt finds his own dormant beast awakening.
But all Learning Network activities for students, including our daily writing prompts, as well as all the Times articles linked from them, are free, so you can access them without exceeding the five-article limit.
We are dropped into a future where the country is even more willing than now to follow its worst, most racist inclinations.
“The picture is likely to remain mixed at best,” Mr. Rahman said.
He vigorously mixes in a spoonful of the culture, then pours everything into a large stainless steel container.
My role in that room is very different than Maggie and Peter’s.
Sin embargo, si los inmigrantes llegan al albergue de Bayona, cuentan con un refugio temporal.
Dos camiones con ayuda cruzaron desde Pacaraima, en el norte de Brasil, en lo que algunos opositores calificaron de un rompimiento pequeño, pero simbólico a la promesa de Maduro de bloquear el paso de asistencia que él no autorizó.
Leaders from all three countries welcomed the Saudi ruler with open arms (and, in one case, golden arms).
A lower-potency, lower-cost grade of fentanyl is also smuggled across the southwest border from Mexico.
He was insensate by the time the most famous photograph of him was made, and never spoke again.
Uno cree que es el tipo más listo del mundo.
If you meet someone that doesn’t like one of these, do not trust them.” For the dough: ¼ ounce instant dry yeast ½ cup warm water ½ cup scalded milk ¼ cup granulated sugar ⠓ cup unsalted butter at room temperature 1 tablespoon kosher salt 1 egg 3 ½ to 4 cups flour For the filling: ½ cup melted unsalted butter ½ cup sugar ¼ light brown sugar 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon pinch of nutmeg For the glaze: 4 ounces cream cheese ¼ cup softened, salted butter 1 ¼ cup powdered sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1 to 2 tablespoons milk 1) In a small bowl, dissolve dry yeast in warm water and set aside.
Although a similar deal had been effectively blocked a few years earlier, Trump administration officials voiced far less concern.
After the three men accepted the prize, Mr. Jackson and Ms. Larson stepped back to the microphone to open the adapted screenplay envelope.
The best case for the president’s opponents is that they show deep fissures among Republicans over the wall.
A 1958 photo of a woman on a blanket between two cars in Daytona, Fla., is reminiscent of a 1955 photo of sunbathers next to their cars in a public park in Ann Arbor, Mich. A 1956 photo made in Lusk, Wyo., meanwhile, focuses on a drive-in movie theater, which was also the subject of one of Mr. Frank’s famous photos made in Detroit a year earlier.
“I just couldn’t get a putt to fall,” he said afterward.
“There’s nothing wrong with competition, but the criteria need to be improved,” said Yasmina Vinci, executive director of the National Head Start Association.
So Cummings was hoping to put that to bed at the outset.
I can’t think of another bag that was a phenomenon in the same way.
“Now that they have been snatched from their online accounts, suddenly it seems to have changed some minds,” Mr. Engling said.
[Sign up to get reminders for space and astronomy events on your calendar.]
I feel like, look, my body’s not, yeah, it’s not how I want it to be, but you know, who cares, basically?
Another season of Grand Slam tennis begins at the Australian Open on Monday, but Agnieszka Radwanska, who retired in November, won’t be part of it.
“A busted summit is the risk you run when too much faith is placed in personal relations with a leader like Kim, when the summit is inadequately prepared, and when the president had signaled he was confident of success.” The outcome on Thursday took everyone by surprise.
That same year, Mayor Bill de Blasio announced that New York City would begin factoring in the diversity of museums’ staff members when making funding decisions.
Once, while Colleen was at Long Island University and Lauren was at Sacred Heart in Connecticut, they were in the same conference.
But by 2016, the share of Democrats who said so had skyrocketed to 78 percent.
Earlier in the tournament, she said her year off “gave me a new fire, a new purpose, a new meaning.” It did the same for her opponents, which is why the women’s game is infinitely more interesting now that Williams is back.
Explain how you arrived at your answers.
“It turned out we were wrong.
Up to 1.5 million died as a result of the campaign, according to some estimates.
The WorldView-4 satellite operated by Digital Globe suddenly went dark.
100 Photos View Slide Show › He was born 100 years ago in a red-clay corner of Georgia, though for many Americans, Jackie Robinson burst onto the stage fully formed in 1947, a 28-year-old rookie in Dodger flannels.
The CFDA does not track visitors, but IMG, which hosts a bit over half of the on-schedule shows and presentations at its official sites, has a guess: It is expecting almost 48,000 visitors at Spring Studios, its primary site, alone.
They can exert influence through politicians when public subsidies are involved, as in the Amazon case.
Overall, the city’s public school students tend to perform worse in reading and math than their counterparts in many other large urban school districts across the country, according to the National Assessment of Educational Progress.
The Trump administration is expected to announce this week that it will ban mint-, fruit- and dessert-flavored e-cigarette cartridges popular with teenagers, but allow menthol and tobacco flavors to remain on the market.
Her customers are also required to sign separate insurance and release forms, which include a monthlong guarantee for any incidentals.
The comedian Rebecca Corry has been a vocal advocate for pit bulls.
He served in the Army Air Corps during World War II and earned degrees in philosophy and physical sciences at the University of Chicago.
Media: Four American journalists were barred from covering Mr. Trump’s dinner with Mr. Kim after two of them called out questions in an earlier appearance of the two leaders — a highly unusual retaliatory move at a closely watched foreign event.
At the time, the one damning piece of evidence connecting Woodard to the crime was the discovery of Will’s backpack in his crawl space, but in 1990, with Julie still alive, Hays notes that the bag was left conspicuously undamaged by the explosion.
Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece arrived in Turkey on Tuesday for a two-day visit amid signs of a growing understanding between him and President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey.
“In the Name of Beauty” dissects that word as a tool of the capitalist white power structure: “When I say that I am unattractive or ugly, I am not internalizing the dominant culture’s assessment of me.
Joan is an older woman who has lived in the shadow of the male “genius” over all the years of their long marriage.
I think for me, personally, my total is honestly probably in the thirties.
But the hearing focused mainly on the Russia investigation.
“The key difference between then and now is declining federal subsidies.” As Microsoft unveiled its plans, the Department of Housing and Urban Development remained largely shuttered in Washington during the government shutdown.
They had been brought to the center for testing because health workers suspected the baby might have Ebola.
More recently, he learned from Ms. Silverman that the two women had started casting/celebrity wrangling company.
Also: Both had long white beards, wore turbans and rode horses.
Which of the examples provided by the author are most persuasive?
In January, the 556-room InterContinental San Francisco installed Molekule air purifiers in 30 of its rooms as part of a pilot project.
Though Mr. Trump seems intent on ignoring congressional negotiations, lawmakers insisted on Sunday that they were still trying.
New emojis typically come to cellphones in September or October, Unicode said in the announcement.
I don’t categorize myself based on the gender of those I love.
“It’s here in the community, and it’s not too expensive.” Martha Forte, whose son, Antonio, 8, studies violin, travels from Yonkers each Saturday for his lessons.
Almost 18 percent of United States soldiers in active duty are black, but it is only in recent years that the military has dropped its prohibitions on hairstyles associated with black culture.
It was the second defeat in two days for Mrs. May.
“Coogler likes to surround himself with accomplished women, and the crew of ‘Black Panther’ is unusual among blockbusters for its large number of female department heads,” he notes.
En Cúcuta, los miembros de la oposición afirman que están considerando diversas opciones para introducir el cargamento, por la fuerza, a Venezuela.
Y avanzar, como me dijo el senador de la oposición Jorge Enrique Robledo, significa “capturar a los principales responsables de la corrupción”.
The district police chief was killed and two police officers were wounded in the fighting.
Hunga Tonga-Hunga Ha’apai: The young island in the South Pacific, birthed in an underwater volcano eruption four years ago, could unearth clues about how water shaped the landscape of Mars.
Along with your salary, your pay stub should show the money taken out for things like taxes, retirement savings and health insurance.
_____________________ • President Trump doubled down on one of the biggest gambles of his presidency with a televised appeal to pressure Congress into paying for his long-promised border wall.
If they’re particularly dirty — maybe after a long day of walking around the city under the hot sun — hang them up in your hotel room and let them air out for a bit before putting them in the bag.
And our Australia bureau chief offers a weekly letter adding analysis and conversations with readers.
Hays meets Amelia (Carmen Ejogo), a schoolteacher, in 1980; by 1990, they’re in a troubled marriage and she has become a writer — her book on the missing-children case is considered a nonfiction classic by 2015.
Although it had been hours since I had seen another cyclist, I was no longer alone.
That’s a story that’s going to be hard to beat.
And many are crossing in groups of 100 or more, like this one that arrived in January.
If the new rules weather the comment period and become final, a lawsuit will certainly follow.
There is nothing for you to come for anymore.” Gil Grunbaum, 62, became aware of his adoption at age 38, when a family friend told his wife, Ilana, that he was adopted.
I view the core responsibility of The Times not just as helping people understand the world, but in seeking the truth wherever it leads, holding power to account.
She let her gymnasts feel the tumor in her breast because she wanted to help them understand that a setback was not an end.
Two weeks later they were dating.
Throughout the anti-slavery agitation, Mr. Douglass’s efforts in behalf of the slaves was unflagging.
Some are growing up scared of him.
Dr. Fry said it was not possible to use the current estimates to project what the total number of cases might be this season.
And they force majoritarian rule onto a political system that is designed to resist it, setting up voters and leaders for collision.
Over the past few years, a growing cohort of scientists has at last produced a fantastic answer.
To the right is the living room, which has a green marble fireplace and walls variously covered in picture moldings, paisley paper and built-in bookshelves with lower cabinets.
“Venezuelans have the right to express themselves freely and democratically,” President Emmanuel Macron of France wrote on Twitter, adding that his government recognized Mr. Guaidó as “president in charge,” to carry out elections.
“I’ve always been a happy person,” he said.
The research was paid for by the United States Agency for International Development and is part of a project called Predict, which is trying to find viruses before they jump into humans and cause epidemics.
In 2013, an album of 27 photographs taken during séances in Winnipeg, Manitoba, in the early 1920s sold for $93,750.
Mr. Sánchez left Parliament without taking questions, but his budget minister later acknowledged that the government considered its mandate to be contingent on having a budget for 2019.
We have all the funding we need out of Russia.” Just think, Trump might have lost to Hillary Clinton, gotten to build the Trump Tower in Moscow, and kept lying and swindling in some backstage office rather than center-stage, exposed under the lights.
Its head had been taped beneath one trouser leg; its tail, fastened down the other.
“His love for us and the work we do was fierce and tender and wise,” wrote the curator and historian Alison Nordstrom.
I am very thankful for that and all it has given me.
“I have a lot of respect for the Conference of Mayors, but if you know who is in the room, it’s a broad group of people,” he said.
Representative Jimmy Gomez, of California, invited Sandra Diaz, another undocumented immigrant who worked at the golf club.
Information on survivors was not immediately available.
Mr. Morris said he hoped the ruling would be “persuasive” to other courts and would perhaps compel the government to change its policy voluntarily.
Although speculation about Mr. Herring’s history with blackface had coursed through the Capitol this week, it was not until Wednesday morning that he met with the Legislative Black Caucus to inform them.
“It was almost like it was so painful to see that nothing comes of being in a documentary, there needed to be a myth that there was deception involved,” Ms. Livingston said this week.
contributions must stop six months before their Medicare effective date in order to avoid tax penalties.
“Creative directors,” he said, “are getting involved not just in ready-to-wear but in beauty, fragrance, watches and jewelry.” And Erica Redgrave, a watch buyer for the British department store Selfridges, said fashion watches were a way for customers to connect with brands.
Blanca Aner vive en Ciudad de México hace más de cuarenta años y renunció a su automóvil hace cuatro.
Mr. Marsh joined Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger and two other Ford emissaries in late-night talks with Reagan aides to craft a “dream ticket.” But the Reagan camp rejected a deal that would have given Ford veto power over some major presidential appointments and other constitutionally questionable powers.
New boutiques from Dior and Nike are in the works.
Contrary to Mr. Trump’s claims, there is no flood of savage foreigners pouring across the border.
“You should have seen us earlier.” As important as TV is to Paramount’s financial future, Mr. Gianopulos said movies would always be the company’s anchor.
Insisting he was speaking the truth, he offered the first up-close description of how involved the president remained in concealing details of the payments, even after winning the election.
6:30 p.m. [$20] Hear live jazz by the Marc Devine Trio and eat Mediterranean food at Cleopatra’s Needle on the Upper West Side.
“But what if it’s a girl?” a saleswoman at a thrift store asked when I bought a couple of dinosaur overalls.
For Valentine’s Day we have a special display of affection.
At least two protesters were killed in the clashes at the Brazilian border, hospital officials said.
Here are nine steps to get you started.
Fortunately, the Trump administration’s new envoy for North Korea, Stephen Biegun, understands the risks and the opportunities.
The full Fourth Circuit declined to rehear the case by an 8-to-6 vote.
This tax, on what she called the “tippy tops” of earners, would be graduated like the rest of the income code, so only a portion of the millionaires’ income would be taxed at that high rate.
Their relationship, over the years, has proved to be fraught but durable, marked by repeated falling-outs and reconciliations.
Remind the co-op board of that and urge it to use whatever leverage it has over the landlord to force him to act.
Federer wasted no time after the match completing his media responsibilities, leaving the clear impression that he couldn’t put this loss in his rearview mirror fast enough.
As a result, they’re preserving it.
That puts me squarely in the middle, but no moderate (or any other) Republican presidential candidate has emerged to represent these views.
They’re all there, and all make appearances in Gold’s story.
You also need to do a lot of looking the other way.
“They had a per diem, and they were supposed to eat on that.” For Mr. Bush’s second inaugural, too, vendors were required to build their expenses into their contracts, Mr. Jenkins said.
Sign up here to receive the next issue in your inbox.]
The senator’s campaign committee acknowledged that there were pay disparities but said salaries were based on experience or the nature of the job and “never determined based on any consideration of an individual’s gender or of any other personal characteristic.’’ During the campaign, the committee said, it conducted a review to try to standardize pay across the states and within headquarters.
There are also “dozens of knockdowns,” said Elaine Patterson, an associate broker with Douglas Elliman Real Estate, many of them replaced by two-story houses in the last six years.
There is something funny about ending almost three years together in a strip mall in the middle of suburbia.
Cuando el equipo emprendió la expedición el año pasado, los archivos históricos no fueron de gran ayuda.
Those teams are ranked 19th and 20th in the playoff rankings.
Several people arrived in the parking lot and began screaming at Mr. Ahmad’s family.
The Hurst case was a cause célèbre in 1936 when a Harlem resident and postal worker named Victor Hugo Green began soliciting material for a national travel guide that would steer black motorists around the humiliations of the not-so-open road and point them to businesses that were more than happy to accept colored dollars.
“I like retail, digital and international, and working for a family group.
Now 83, he still comes to the hospital every weekday, but has shifted to research, teaching and mentoring.
He wasn’t convinced,” she shot back.
At 63, Detective Reilly is perhaps the city’s oldest uniformed officer.
After one month in the Suffolk County jail, she was transferred to a unit for transgender women at Rikers Island, where pat searches were conducted by two guards: a woman for the top half, a man for the bottom.
Another programmer from the team, Jean E. Sammet, continued to be influential in the language’s development for decades.
And our Australia bureau chief offers a weekly letter adding analysis and conversations with readers.
with the assistance of an info-tech expert who worked for Mr. Guzmán — painted an astonishing portrait of the crime lord not only as a serial philanderer, but also as a man who, mixing sex and business, relied on the women in his life to help him conduct his daily operations.
A series of recent manhole fires in the heart of Manhattan forced the evacuation of several theaters and was a stark reminder that the subway is not the only creaky infrastructure beneath the streets of New York City.
Even so, Sony is in no way leaning away from its portfolio of technology and consumer products.
“I will never be the man that this did not happen to,” Smollett said.
What ‘Justice’ Really Means The word has taken a beating recently.
James Schmeling is executive vice president of Student Veterans of America.
Press back up to the starting position.
So scroll through the sports-related prompts below and see which ones most inspire you to take a stand.
In several examples viewed by the DFR lab, the campaign shared content as varied as pro-Palestinian images and conspiracy theory videos that argued the Sept. 11 attacks were an “inside job” executed by the government of the United States.
Like clockwork, at about half an hour, his assistant came into the room and told him that time was up and he had a busy schedule.
What would you like to see more (or less) of?
Si aún no estás suscrito, puedes darte de alta en este enlace.
And if more indicators show the American economy stumbling, investors will become more convinced that the Federal Reserve’s recent interest rate increases are dampening activity.
“We hope that when the time is right,” they said, “we can work with Trump Hotels again.”
“Tengo todas las cartas que me escribió”, dijo en una entrevista.
Meanwhile, Kristoff (Jonathan Groff) reunites with his moose pal, Sven, and the snowman Olaf (Josh Gad) goes along for the ride.
I was underwhelmed by Colin Matthews’s “A Voice to Wake,” with its vocal line that felt somehow both sibylline and mechanical.
(Despite this precaution, I’ve returned with what we veterans call the CES plague about six times.)
Mr. Mendonsa was on leave and with a new girlfriend in Times Square on V-J Day.
Crude oil continued its gains, with the American benchmark rising close to $50 a barrel.
The state requires all tax increases to be approved directly by referendum, and during the midterm elections this past November, voters rejected an initiative to raise money for schools by increasing corporate taxes and personal income taxes on those earning over $150,000 a year.
— Niara Hughes, Masterman, Philadelphia, Penn.
Ahora, casi dos años después, ya han comenzado todos los juicios contra los funcionarios públicos acusados de no haber impedido las muertes.
Doing so effectively added a new scientific instrument to Curiosity, years after the rover landed on Mars.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
Police officers and prison guards line courtrooms the size of sports arenas.
— Chris Thank youTo Eleanor Stanford (welcome back) for the cultural guidance and Alan Henry for such Smart Living.
You all think that — that’s what you write about, that’s the message you send out there.” Five months later, Saban is one win away from his seventh national title.
That Chief Kent’s last assignment was in northeastern Syria, where American forces work with the Kurdish militia was fitting: there are many female fighters and commanders in the Kurdish forces.
I decided to interview some of them as research for a fiction film on the topic and wound up making this documentary in the process.
They noted that New York City in 2017 held its own hearing on sexual harassment — its first in 40 years — and introduced new laws afterward.
Joe Harris and DeMarre Carroll had 18 points each for the Nets, who had won seven of eight coming in.
Where is his little face, his wild curls?
Anthony Chen, a sociologist at Northwestern, wrote by email: Weakened opposition is one reason why business influence over political and regulatory decisions seems greater today than it did before.
Women and men alike expressed concern that we might begin selecting letters on the basis of gender rather than merit.
Other missions followed: to Diego Garcia, a British atoll in the Indian Ocean of immense strategic value to Western militaries, and to Greece.
In the real world, employers probably aren’t even aware of this dynamic; that’s how unconscious biases work.
When the Trump Organization launched its Trump International Realty brokerage in 2012, its first project in South America was a luxury residential tower in Punta del Este, a resort area in Uruguay.
“Foreign investors had been waiting for a clean election.
‘JOAN’ at Here (in previews; opens on Jan. 27).
5 of the Unstoppable Wasp, which arrives in comic stores on Wednesday, the title hero comes to a realization: “I need help.
“It would be Iraq on steroids,” he warned, in a reference to how the Islamic State gained power after the withdrawal of American forces from the country in 2011.
I. Glenn Cohen, a professor and bioethicist at Harvard Law School, agreed and questioned whether such a contract is “contrary to public policy” and thus unenforceable.
You have somebody’s life in your hands.
(It eventually led to an article in 2017 titled, “The Ultimate Pursuit in Hunting: Sheep”; Hairston and Burns played roles.)
That was the essential message of Mr. Kim’s annual New Year’s televised speech, where he reiterated that international sanctions must be lifted before North Korea will give up a single weapon, dismantle a single missile site or stop producing nuclear material.
He and his neighbors suspect the corrosion damage is caused by chemicals in the air, though the local air pollution control board said it was not aware of these complaints.
But I learned yesterday that Taraji Henson [the film’s star] had a little bit to do with it.
The industry, however, was somewhat skeptical.
In 1993, she wrote, with Julia R. Galliers, “Evaluating Natural Language Processing Systems,” the seminal textbook on the topic.
Mr. Cohen’s testimony will be restricted to avoid issues directly related to the special counsel investigation into whether there was collusion by anyone in the Trump campaign with Russian officials.
“Are you spending enough time with your kids?
The man, Roland J. Bourgeois Jr., 56, died Feb. 19 — five days after his sentencing — at a jail in Louisiana while he was in the custody of the United States Marshals Service, Walter Martin, a supervisory deputy, said.
Does a conductor play an orchestra like a piano, manipulating without saying a word?
LOS ANGELES — Los Angeles public school teachers reached a deal with officials on Tuesday to end a weeklong strike that had affected more than half a million students, winning an array of supplementary services after an era in education marked by attacks on traditional public schools and their teachers.
Booths A6/B5 San Francisco’s Fraenkel Gallery and New York’s own David Zwirner, which co-represent the estate of Diane Arbus, mount an extraordinary pairing of Arbus’s portrait photographs with paintings by Alice Neel in these conjoined booths.
(Reuters) Politics and policy • The British Parliament is set to vote on Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit deal tomorrow.
“I don’t blame them for not being able to solve the root cause,” said Molly Turner, who lectures on urban innovation at Berkeley’s Haas School of Business.
And you don’t cuddle up to our adversaries at the expense of our allies.
Here’s where to find some of his very best.
I think the Grammys definitely made up for last year’s lack of female representation, but the credit also has to go to the women who are the ones making the art.
In India, panic intensified around Kashmir.
“It’s shocking, especially from a North American view of how things go.” She later issued a statement on behalf of Mr. Schellenberg’s family, calling on Mr. Trudeau’s governmment to protect him and asking Canadians to “pray for the safe return of our loved one.” At the trial on Monday, the prosecutors and judges laid out an account of a failed drug-smuggling operation starkly at odds with Mr. Schellenberg’s testimony.
“And wanting what is best for the customer, that’s what I wanted for Ariel clients.” Harold Evensky was an early recruit in the growing army of financial planners and investment advisers who make money only through the fees that clients pay them directly, no commissions or kickbacks.
“There are certainly a lot of facts to check, which we will be doing over the course of the next several hours, and probably the next several days,” said the CNN host Anderson Cooper.
I had a great conversation with Albert Brooks once.
The abundance of accidents stands in stark contrast to the efficient, modernizing image of Egypt projected by Mr. el-Sisi, whose military is building a sprawling, Dubai-style administrative capital in the desert east of Cairo.
But not because of the blackmail.
The typical citizen of these countries is as well-off as human beings have ever been.
Another asked to write about someone killed in a drive-by shooting because a cousin had died in the same way, said Akoto Ofori-Atta, who led the project and is the managing editor of The Trace.
“This indictment seems to reflect that trend in his life.” Mr. Stone’s high jinks did not prevent him from at one point becoming part of the Washington establishment.
The entries and clues were definitely midweek level, but these stood out to me: 10D: Hi, kids!
Another image of Mrs. Agnelli, from December of that year, would help define an era of beauty.
Rather than posting pictures on Instagram of himself jumping or turning, like so many male dancers do, Carlos Gonzalez of the Ballet Theater corps poses in high extensions.
Potatoes are hardly new to China.
Unlike that famed cerebral sleuth, William Arrowood is the detective of last resort, relying on instinct, impulse and sudden brainstorms to resolve distasteful cases for unsavory clients.
That is not who I am and not what I want to represent.” Kuchar declined to comment as he walked off the course on Friday.
Our guide to pop and rock shows and the best of live jazz happening this weekend and in the week ahead.
And our understanding of gender has changed in ways unimagined either by the suffragists who first drafted an equal rights amendment when women won the vote a century ago or the backers of the E.R.A.
Hadiya’s mother, Cleopatra Cowley, urged Judge Ford on Monday to apply the “maximum” penalty allowed by law, explaining that her daughter’s murder had changed her, her son and her husband.
Under a process known as Euro-Atlantic integration, countries have undertaken extensive changes before joining both organizations.
Other Mecox cheeses include Cheddar, ricotta, a Stilton-style blue and Sigit, an aged Alpine cheese from an area without a mountain in sight.
Toothpicks are everywhere, jabbed into sliders, wraps, club sandwiches and cocktail garnishes.
“You can’t operate the chairlifts,” Mr. Albright said.
With an investment of less than $200, and in one day, Ms. Rosario replicated the originals, offering a total of 18 bouquets.
Here are the books discussed by The Times’s critics this week: “The Threat: How the F.B.I.
He waved for me to back up into the space, guiding me until I was an inch in front of the car parked behind me.
The Department of Veterans Affairs has successfully used yoga to help treat opioid addiction and post-traumatic stress.
(In 2011, my colleague Ben Brantley called it “fitful” and that’s true, but as a woman who rarely bothers to make a bed, I can live with creases.)
Suppose that Multinational Megacorp USA decides to have its subsidiary, Multinational Mega Ireland, transfer some assets to the home company.
In the complaint, Mr. Asher contends that “an individual upset over Plaintiff’s success” was behind the emails to Ms. Oliver, and that in June of 2017, one of the seven anonymous women contacted Ms. Oliver and told her that the allegations made in April were false.
The U.S. told the world that it was in Syria to fight the Islamic State.
Instead, the ensemble will be led by the compelling British conductor Daniel Harding for two programs: On Thursday, it will perform symphonies by Mozart and Brahms and, for a Schumann overture, will be joined by members of the National Youth Orchestra of the United States of America.
Mom Sells Tomatoes as Her Son Seeks Tennis Titles Chun Hsin Tseng is the No.
But he didn’t say — and this is the problem — what it was supposed to mean for the women who would buy it, or even just look at it.
“I think we’re sort of getting to that stage now that it would be difficult to find anyone alive,” Mr. Fitzgerald, 58, said in a telephone interview on Tuesday.
You remember the murders of people in their teens and 20s, people making tons of cash who weren’t making tons of cash the day before.
But a populist, right-wing government such as Italy’s today needs an enemy to rally its electorate, in particular at a time of deep economic difficulties.
“It’s frustrating to know that he is still unwilling to acknowledge the truth about immigrants, the truth about the border,” said Ms. Escobar, speaking earlier this week after growing visibly angry as the president made similar claims during his State of the Union address.
But last week, he said that an ambitious goal of providing MetroCards to about 800,000 residents whose incomes are below the federal poverty line would fall far short of that goal initially, starting this month with cards for only about 30,000 people, or about 4 percent of the total.
He doesn’t dabble in Eastern melodrama unless he’s satirizing.
And then the spotlight will settle like a laser beam on Mickelson, who played his first major as a pro at the 1992 U.S. Open at Pebble Beach.
He was referring to Ms. Harris’s decision not to endorse a public effort to reduce the prison population by changing California’s punitive “three strikes” sentencing law.
Raonic delivered 39 aces, part of an impressive ratio of 84 total winners to only 44 unforced errors.
Even as he tried to end it, he called upon Congress to give legal status and an eventual path to citizenship to the young immigrants, who are sometimes called “Dreamers.” More recently, he offered to extend the program in exchange for concessions on a border wall.
“There was a little bit of a playoff-feel type of game with the No.
They have a copy of the check used to pay them, the police said.
Creating a world where men are mostly absent or suspect and women must work to save themselves, Stuart McKenzie’s thin but serviceable screenplay (he also directed with Miranda Harcourt) smartly favors human drama over hocus-pocus.
The problem, at least for a few voters: “Black Panther” was made by Marvel, which is owned by Disney, which has turned every other studio into a box office also-ran.
The bottom half of the women’s draw is anchored by second-seeded Angelique Kerber, last year’s Wimbledon champion.
Not because Charline von Heyl, the German-born New Yorker with a fearless approach to composition and style, doesn’t deserve your attention.
Our guide to plays and musicals coming to New York stages and a few last-chance picks of shows that are about to close.
It’s a place to connect with other home cooks and members of our community, to share tips and tricks and to talk with the supernice people I work with every day, scratch cooks all.
About a quarter of buyers are downsizing; the rest are first-time homeowners or locals who want larger homes or to be on the water, she said.
Does it not seem a little anticlimactic, then, that he is apparently snuffed out for good when a thug holds his face in a puddle?
You’ve got a whole lifetime of memories, and he says, “Well, it feels a little short to be a whole anything.” But that’s what life is.
Nicolás Maduro, having taken over from the deceased Hugo Chávez in 2013, will be sworn for a second six-year term as Venezuela’s president on Thursday.
“Matthew’s death was preventable and should have been prevented,” one of the women, Maureen Maloney, said in an interview after the event.
Traditionally, ascetics like Mr. Prayagrajgiri, known as sadhus, were the primary attraction at the festival, setting up tents to greet the faithful.
Bill Clinton gave his State of the Union address in January 1995 — [AUDIO PLAYBACK] Democrats lost the House, they lost the Senate.
If you’re still not sure, what additional information would help you form an opinion?
And on Saturday, the Roots’ James Poyser will lead a tribute at Bowery Ballroom as part of the Winter Jazzfest marathon that will also feature the vocalist Bilal, as well as members of Hargrove’s quintet.
He also said the department would be “moving quickly” to ensure that officers conducting SWAT operations and executing search warrants would be wearing body cameras.
Se cree que es el primer cardenal que ha sido expulsado del sacerdocio por ese tipo de agravios.
“Podemos esperar todo de ellos”, dijo al respecto Milagros Valera, legisladora de la oposición que respalda a Guaidó.
Killing an informant’s family has the dual function of punishing the traitor and warning his associates what will happen if they follow his example.
Her long dark hair, which she has styled every day, tumbled over a Saint Laurent jacket, Azzedine Alaïa shirt and Wolford leggings, all jet black.
He finished at 22-under 258, the third-lowest total in Waialae history behind the PGA Tour record of 253 by Justin Thomas in 2017 and Jimmy Walker’s 72-hole score of 257 when he won in 2015.
“I was in love with Nureyev,” she said.
Background: Last month, the Taliban and U.S. negotiators agreed in principle to a framework for the phased withdrawal of American troops, but the Afghan government has been left out of the process.
Our critic Jennifer Szalai writes: “To call this standout book a corrective would make it sound earnest and dutiful, when in fact it is wry, readable and often astonishing.” LANDFALL, by Thomas Mallon.
Por eso, supongo, los hinchas argentinos se han convencido de que lo más importante del fútbol son ellos, y que deben actuar en consecuencia.
As a native New Yorker, I have a strong sentimental attachment to that store, and to that plaque.
transcript We are supporting the loving choice of adoption and foster care, including through the support of faith-based adoption services.
Un nuevo boletín de The New York Times permite que puedas acercarte al área y tener una visión más profunda y menos maniquea de lo que sucede en la frontera a partir de la mirada de nuestros corresponsales.
Mahomes’s ingenuity — throwing from all angles and making plays inside and outside the pocket — energized the Chiefs’ fan base and excited fans across the league.
Senators Kamala Harris of California and Kirsten Gillibrand of New York entered the race last month on footing closer to Ms. Warren’s, with differing policy agendas but overlapping political vocabulary.
The first explains why Facebook’s subterranean surveillance of its users’ every move is feeding extreme political views at the same time it lines advertisers’ — and Facebook’s — pockets.
Después de sus recorridos, Procter reparte insignias que dicen: “Exhíbelo como si lo hubieras robado”, también vende tarjetas postales dirigidas a la “Querida galería de arte” para que cada quien ponga una palomita y comentario cuando considere que las etiquetas de las obras en muestra incluyan detalles racistas, sexistas o “completamente incomprensibles”, entre otras opciones.
But on Jan. 11, Atticus’ lawyers threatened action if the tour was not canceled, saying it held worldwide rights for professional stagings of the book.
It’s like a crackhead begging to give you $5.
“For me, when that was released, I was like, ‘O.K., we’re getting somewhere.’ I don’t have any doubt in my mind that that’s them.
And so that’s what this meant, to summarize how these numbers seemed so off.
Mr. Sanders’s recent speech, in which he called President Trump a racist, “showed much more sensitivity to the dreams and aspirations of African-Americans than his speeches did in 2016,” Mr. Clyburn said.
The only change to the dialogue, other than shortening some of the longer sections, will be the addition of comments from the voices of the children playing with the puppets, critiquing the racialized characterization of Monostatos.
Even as skyscrapers and modern shopping malls sprang up around it, Empress Market remained more or less the same, drawing shoppers of all income levels from all over the city.
One of his sons, Awal Khan, was killed four years ago when his police outpost was attacked.
As for the controversial B.D.S.
Suddenly, a dancer center stage (the ebullient Macy Sullivan) takes the dance up tempo and onto the balls of her feet.
But when they landed in New York, they were so mesmerized that they couldn’t leave.
Young people there enlist at two to three times the rate of other regions.
The 2018 festival pretty much looked like this: Ms. Lawson in a long flowing dress on a beach at sunset, toasting a crowd of tipsy revelers.
In 1963, Mr. Foster established Sound Stage 7, an R&B-oriented subsidiary of Monument.
The error was repeated in a headline.
Every network, including ESPN, NBC, Fox and CBS, and every time slot — Sundays, Mondays, Thursdays — showed improved numbers.
“It is rented through the summer,” Mr. Jacobs said.
“If this is really as big as he wants it to be, I think it would be very difficult for the pharmaceutical industry to say no.” A spokeswoman for the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, the drug industry’s main lobbying group, said it was awaiting more details about the proposal.
FITZGERALD In meetings or on calls, I still often am the only African-American in the room.
Now, that seems to have melted away.
We’ll be rewatching the first seven seasons.
Mr. Brown, critics say, has not kept pace.
At a March 2017 meeting, Mr. Harvey tried to revive the IP3 plan “so that Jared Kushner can present it to the president for approval,” the Democratic report said, a reference to Mr. Trump’s son-in-law and top adviser.
Mr. Scaramucci then brought in Westport Capital Advisors, a real estate investing firm, to manage the fund.
“So Magic would know he was doing the right thing.” Now the 3-month-old chick is almost fully grown.
What should I know about the front-runners?
Richard M. Nixon once said, “People react to fear, not love; they don’t teach that in Sunday school, but it’s true.” No president since has deployed fear quite like Donald J. Trump.
Y entonces yo fui incluso un poco cruel porque, llevando la cosa al terreno de la paradoja, dije que eso era ser cómplice de la Junta.
And the Nets played like men returned from a near-death experience, happily surprised to possess a winning record after four losing seasons in the Hades of the N.B.A.
For opponents of the president, there are no innocent explanations for Mr. Trump’s actions, which are possible evidence that Mr. Trump has colluded with Russia, a question at the heart of the special counsel inquiry.
(Notably missing from the Austin branch is the cult favorite sparkling water Topo Chico, despite repeated employee requests, said Michelle Mattern, 33, a senior implementations consultant.)
was ruining the game because the referees were trying to control unnecessarily rough tackles.
Creo que la han sofocado, pero no ahogado.
And our Australia bureau chief offers a weekly letter adding analysis and conversations with readers.
You are pious, your kisses are your prayer.
The elder Mr. Bush voted for Hillary Clinton, and the younger Mr. Bush told the author Mark K. Updegrove that he voted for “none of the above.” Mr. Trump has not met with any of his predecessors in two years in office.
He repeated it more loudly: “He said, ‘Hell, I thought you was a damn dog.’ ” Later that day, as a rare early-spring snowstorm settled over Alcorn County, I drove across town to the modest home that serves as the offices and personal residence of Judge John C. Ross.
Are you proud, a reporter asked him, of your role in stirring players around the N.F.L.
• ¿Puede superarse una intolerancia alimentaria?
I ate a lot of soup and I had a hot shower and got into bed.
All the while, he tinkered with the league’s roster and salary rules, recruited global stars like David Beckham and persuaded the owners to invest in player development and new stadiums.
To bolster their DNA capabilities, scientists affiliated with China’s police used equipment made by Thermo Fisher, a Massachusetts company.
Though his Likud party remains a force in the polls, Mr. Netanyahu may be at his most vulnerable point: He is awaiting the attorney general’s decision on whether to indict him on corruption charges.
I mean, obviously, there’s a juiciness, right?
But Mr. Griffin has given away about $700 million, according to the person familiar with his finances.
Nobody wants to report that.” “While we do not believe Iran is currently undertaking activities we judge necessary to produce a nuclear device, Iranian officials have publicly threatened to push the boundaries of J.C.P.O.A.
Un nuevo amanecer se acerca para ustedes”.
The sixth annual Kitten Bowl is hosted by the animal advocate Beth Stern, who’s joined by the former N.F.L.
And given the fact that this year’s leading contenders seem to have been nominated mostly for their ability to look a lot like the famous people they’re portraying, maybe it’s better that the year’s best actor didn’t get nominated for his performance in “First Reformed,” the year’s best movie.
Some property owners opposed the government’s seizure of their land, while others said the compensation offered by federal authorities was too low.
In Europe, left-wing parties are courting Muslim immigrant voters with increasingly anti-Israel positions, while the populist right is wooing Jews and cozying up to Israel’s right-wing government.
“If Senate Republicans are serious about dealing with the issue, they’ll look to that compromise,” Mr. Engel said.
He brought nothing but a box of paperwork.
Prosecutors at the trial of the Mexican drug lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera rested their case on Monday, ending a monumental, 10-week presentation that included dozens of surveillance photos, hundreds of intercepted text messages, testimony from 56 witnesses, countless bricks of seized cocaine — and even, at one point, a rocket-propelled grenade launcher.
In 2017, Mr. Maduro created a second legislature, which was filled with loyalists in elections widely condemned as fraudulent.
He did not propose a position for Mr. de Blasio.
Mr. Longabaugh dismissed that claim, noting that advertising firms are by their nature central to modern campaigns and that Mr. Sanders would inevitably have come to rely on their long experience in Democratic politics.
“I think if you asked most people, ‘Would you rather have the great progress like we had in 2018 or not have Trump at all,’ they’d say not have Trump because of everything else he’s ushered in,” she said.
El fútbol argentino es malo, pero sus hinchas son los más mejores.
It was the harsh way that I was treated by people who are supposed to help me,” she said, adding later, “In my case, I was just sitting.
Yo, pues, feliz de la vida de seguir actuando, pero si no, ya estoy muy agradecida por la oportunidad y con todo lo que he aprendido de la experiencia.
Equality, especially the right to vote, is still at the mercy of local beliefs and practices.
Mike Conley, held scoreless in Wednesday’s loss to Detroit, led the Grizzlies with 31 points.
What will win the best picture Oscar?
And I cannot imagine a more wonderful life.” [Follow our live updates and analysis from the Oscars ceremony, and see the best looks from the red carpet.]
The menu focuses on bowls, and features several bases with toppings, sauces and side dishes that evoke the cooking of Nigeria, Liberia, Senegal and even Morocco.
That book, first published in 1964, is an exploration of Mr. Ungerer’s subconscious and worldview.
Así que The New York Times llevó a una ilustradora a Guantánamo para mostrar cómo lo que comenzó como un procedimiento inconfundiblemente militar cuando los acusados fueron procesados en 2012, se ha convertido en un evento en el que la manera de vestir, entre otras cosas, ha cobrado importancia.
Alfonsina Russo, the director of the excavation, said in a statement that “the beauty of these rooms” had caused the archaeologists to change their plans and work on the room and its surroundings.
After three months, I would say, is when it wasn’t all we thought about all the time.
Every few years, it seems, the National Football League changes what qualifies as a catch and a legal tackle, alternately confusing and infuriating players and fans alike.
Still, the songs mostly backfire dramatically by forcing us to sympathize with characters, especially Adams, whom the book otherwise wishes us to treat as objects of surprisingly coarse satire.
It was something that we had to hope for and never gave up hope on, but after 88 days of this, hope was dwindling.
If you’re on a Vincent van Gogh kick after seeing “At Eternity’s Gate," consider this lush animated feature about the artist’s life from the directors Dorota Kobiela and Hugh Welchman.
“Although we would have liked to end the year on a more positive note,” the group said, “we believe these teething troubles are solvable, and the cleanup of the Great Pacific Garbage Patch will be operational in 2019.”
It had been a good day: Organizers showcased their event in the center of the track.
“Never have I seen an actor enjoy a role the way Bob did playing Marty Funkhouser on ‘Curb,’ ” Mr. David said in a statement.
But with Mr. Ghosn now facing the prospect of being detained for an extended period after a Tokyo court on Tuesday rejected his bail request, the company is set to cut ties with the man who has been its star executive for more than 15 years.
Sphengic, que aún está desarrollando su personalidad, estaba ocupado comiendo hielo.
After the white 2003 Infiniti with Texas license plates plowed into the family, it crashed into the convenience store, shattering the window, the police said.
The evening had been cloudy, but both swear the clouds dissipated the moment Ms. Lomborg said yes.
They were estranged at the time of Mr. Lowe’s death in 1999.
Ms. Anderson, the former ambassador, suggested it several years ago when she told The Irish Times, after a meeting with the Friendly Sons chapter in Washington, that she would “love to see them evolve toward a new title.” Her suggestion?
“I assumed he was lying.
They said he had sent his two presumed collaborators a link to a video by Anwar al-Awlaki, the radical leader of Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, who was killed in Yemen in 2011.
He would look across at his opponent, gesture to the patch, and declare: “This is what happened in the last game.
The Pakistani foreign minister chose to mute himself.
Carcinoma Goddam Myeloma’s got me so upsetLeukemia’s made me lose my rest And everybody knows about carcinoma goddam.
President Trump also has broadly pushed Europe to buy more natural gas, as officials there try to avoid tariffs on the important automobile industry.
A leaked recording revealed Mr. Johnson scorning concerns about the border as “pure millennium bug stuff.” Politicians and journalists in Ireland are understandably aghast over the aggressive ignorance of English Brexiteers.
“With anything, you need to see it to be it,” said Briann January, a guard for the Phoenix Mercury and, in her off-season, an assistant women’s basketball coach at Arizona State.
Winning a spot in one of New York City’s affordable housing lotteries might seem completely out of reach, the stuff of urban legend.
Entonces el amigo de Tony me pidió mi teléfono y en la aplicación de Notas creó un glosario con palabras como “diastema” (para el espacio entre los dientes), “afónico” o “lampiño”.
We went into the closet.
“The only thing you need to know about Andy McCabe’s book: the author was fired for lying to the FBI and conducting covert investigations in breech of protocol,” Mr. Meadows wrote.
Sin embargo, ahora que el tiempo se les viene encima y el parlamento está dividido, la pregunta es si los legisladores británicos podrán llegar a algún acuerdo para evitar esa situación.
Just don’t be disappointed to learn that certain locations like Harewood House is used as a stand-in for Buckingham Palace, and Wentworth Woodhouse for Kensington Palace.
A “supermoon” is about 14 percent larger than one at apogee and 30 percent brighter.
Lady Gaga, the pop singer and Academy Award hopeful for her role in “A Star Is Born,” became the latest musician to apologize for collaborating with R. Kelly, the R&B singer who has long been accused of sexual misconduct and preying on teenagers, after the broadcast of an explosive investigative documentary detailing the allegations against him.
As a teenager, he dealt drugs and stole license plates.
It would not be the sweeping measure to tackle climate change that is really needed, but there is at least a chance of getting a bill that does more good than harm for the climate and the country.
And whatever his faults — and he had many — Ronald Reagan believed in the possibilities of a country that was forever reinventing itself.
It centers on a couple who, after 50 years of marriage, struggle to cope with change and uncertainty.
In fact, Big Tech’s dizzying expansion is barely getting started.
Peppering his cabinet with retired senior officers enabled him to allay the concerns within the Republican Party about his own lack of experience and preparedness for the role of president.
“What makes someone willing and capable to do that?
Six elementary schools — Unqua, McKenna, Lockhart, Fairfield, East Lake and Birch Lane — serve students in kindergarten through fifth grade.
“With a paycheck, you can merely afford a carton of eggs.”
His father is the founding rabbi of Adat Shalom Reconstructionist Congregation in Bethesda, Md., and a senior fellow at Hazon, a nonprofit organization promoting sustainable communities in the Jewish world.
“I am a regular person,” Ms. Payne said.
“In every case,” he wrote, “women have benefited from the society’s support.” There are Friendly Sons groups in other cities, and they all operate independently.
Bands of militants have been fighting for independence in the disputed region.
Several of his murals are currently on display on the Lower East Side of Manhattan, where Faust spent much of his time as a child.
A gentle tug on the leash merely inspires the dog to lower herself completely, her face on her front paws.
I am not at all sure what the coming weeks will hold in their storehouse of memory.
Mr. Modi’s arms deal has undermined trust in institutions and procedures for defense procurement, just as the Bofors scandal did in the 1980s.
“The image of him on the bench with gritted teeth and powering through that last rep is a very accurate one.” A long history exists of candidates preparing for a presidential run not just by making early-state contacts and fund-raising calls but also with gym visits and calorie counting.
Perhaps her most notable legal victory came in a class-action lawsuit against Kmart, to make its stores more accessible.
His neck, like his arms, was thin, and the veins on each side were hugely distended with blood.
Museums across the globe, from Amsterdam to the Arabian Gulf, are staging exhibitions to commemorate his extraordinary artistic legacy, and a life that was far from a masterpiece.
But the number could be in the millions.
Election Day violence killed at least 39 people across Nigeria, civil society groups reported, and with ballot-counting temporarily halted and rumors flying, Nigerians were left waiting on Monday for an announcement of the winner in the presidential contest.
A bare-bones subscription, for instance, had cost $8 a month.
Mr. Trump’s stance represents a departure from his “America First” policy of staying out of other nations’ internal affairs, our correspondents write.
In a video, Mr. Maduro warned the U.S. that intervening in his country “would lead to a Vietnam worse than they can imagine.” Background: Over the last week, Juan Guaidó, the leader of the opposition, has received growing recognition around the world as interim president.
A road destroyed by flooding because of rising seas and more frequent hurricanes must be rebuilt.
You can browse them here.
goal about eight minutes earlier for the Devils, who have lost two in a row and six of eight.
The British pop singer had been a Lagerfeld muse for many years and was a regular guest at Chanel runway shows.
“But the fact of the matter is, it is different from what the original plan was.” Foxconn last year committed to building a Generation 6 facility.
That showing was certainly not a disappointment, but a condensed event schedule brought on by weather delays left Shiffrin fatigued and overwrought.
Ralph Northam, a Democrat, resisted calls to resign over a racist photograph on his medical school yearbook page in 1984.
The new measure will add New York to the growing rebellion against using testing to assess teachers that has also spread to Colorado and California.
• Germany already has mechanisms to compensate energy-intensive industries for the loss of cheap power; the plan would develop these further.
But there’s even more arcana we need to learn in order to understand this moment.
King, a wire fox terrier, after taking the Best in Show honors.
When you start talking about treason, that you can be executed, that’s enough to — I mean, go to jail is one thing, but treason.
Imran Khan, Snap’s chief strategy officer, stepped down in September.
And something else that should not be lost in all this is that all of this was happening months after it was first revealed that the Russian government was behind this operation to hack the Democratic servers and put the information out for WikiLeaks.
Here, it felt almost like it was a comfort blanket, this City team’s artful, devastating version of going back to basics.
“I don’t know how to use Twitter.”
The only reliably hilarious voice of reason in the hit horror movies “Get Out” and “Bird Box,” this Chicago-born comedian and actor has graduated from a co-star on NBC’s “The Carmichael Show” to the starring role in a Fox sitcom named after him, “Rel,” which debuted in the fall.212-757-4100, carolines.com LITTLE MISS COMEDY PAGEANT at Union Hall (Jan. 19, 7:30 p.m.).
Our connoisseur has recommendations to help you start.
It’s not that people were so exemplary in years past — think of ye olde hucksters, snake-oil salesmen and “The Wizard of Oz” — but there weren’t as many avenues for letting our dark sides run wild.
Patapati, who founded the Women of A.I.
[AUDIO PLAYBACK] Again, we are here in the sanctuary of democracy.
In that time, the price of insulin, which Type 1 diabetics must take every day to stay alive, has tripled.
(The no-confidence vote on Mrs. May’s government differs from a vote she faced in December, when members of her own Conservative Party tried to unseat her as party leader.
Welcome to On Politics, your guide to the day in national politics.
No, you have to analyze the poster like everyone else.
Her defenders argued that she wasn’t being anti-Semitic, because Aipac, the main pro-Israel lobbying group, and its members do spend significant sums of money to influence American politics.
I’m waiting for that day.
Una interpretación de estos resultados es que la energía oscura no es constante, sino que está cambiando, volviéndose más densa y, por tanto, más fuerte a lo largo del tiempo cósmico.
The color fades when they hit the heat, but for the sake of a stellar pasta, that’s a small sacrifice.
“But I can count the ways you used to try.” JON PARELES How sensitive can a guy be?
[Read more about the nominations | See the full list and vote for your favorites.]
As Jews we were denied our safe space.
Her husband had nudged her to retire, her family said, but she insisted on running again, hoping the bill would have better odds the next time around.
Students might begin by reading the following articles and then designing their own criteria for what is or isn’t a sport: Are Video Games a Sport Born on Sideline, Cheering Clamors to Be Sport Competitive Bridge Is Not a Sport, a British Court Rules Student Challenge: Make a formal argument to the International Olympic Committee to add or delete a sport.
And the client response, understandably, says, well, then the law is unfair.” “When you’re actually able to present this evidence — good, bad or indifferent — to our clients, it really just changes the whole trajectory of the case.” “You really realize how arcane our system is when you go to a national conference or you speak to the lawyers of other jurisdictions, and you tell them about your discovery laws, and they look at you like you have three heads.” “I guess we’re a progressive state as New York.
[Daily News] Special delivery: An app specializes in delivering lunch to Chinese workers in the Financial District and Midtown, where authentic Chinese food can be hard to find.
Senator Ted Cruz, the Texas Republican, told Chuck Todd on NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday that King’s remarks were “stupid” and “hurtful” and that Americans “ought to be united, regardless of party, in saying ‘white supremacism,’ ‘white nationalism’ is hatred, it is bigotry, it is evil, it is wrong.” Strong and righteous words.
I thought it would be cool to make a perfume, but it’s not cool.
Mr. Najib’s wife, Rosmah Mansor, has also been charged with money laundering and tax evasion.
“I really wanted it, ” Mr. Bejan said.
The new research provides a better sense of the social ties between whale groups, which could promote understanding of their genetic diversity and evolution, as well as conservation, the researchers said.
Because of instructor resentment and fatigue (this is my final semester — despite a novel and a chapbook of poetry both relatively well received, my teaching contract has not been renewed), student writing will not exceed 15 pages.
At a cluster of monitors, the showrunners Jordan Cahan and David Caspe pondered whether key bumps were wedding-appropriate, even in the baroquely dissipated world of 1980s Wall Street.
Jocelyn Crespo, 35, who lives in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, described herself as “very relieved.” “It gives us more options to get into work and opportunities to get to our friends,” she said.
The Police Department said Tuesday that it declines comment on the specifics of any particular investigation.
Devils General Manager Ray Shero, who has some tough decisions to make at what he refers to as a “hard and volatile position,” is impressed with Blackwood’s early success, but not surprised by it.
“It ended up being the same dress I liked from the other boutique,” Ms. Flores said.
“The whole world of food labeling is almost like a foreign language,” said Allison A. Ososkie of Vienna, Va.
The sight of so many Americans eagerly registering to vote was a rare bright spot in a nation where the right to representative government is under strain from onerous ID laws and computerized gerrymandering.
“Our slopes are good for cruising and enjoying the view,” says Nicol Lobis, a staff member at Adler Mountain Lodge.
The ratio could double to two-thirds of the ice if global warming and greenhouse gas emissions continue at their current rates.
A day earlier, Ms. Pelosi said Mr. Trump’s State of the Union address should be delayed — or delivered only in writing — because of security concerns raised by the government shutdown.
“Dijeron: ‘No tienes derecho a pedirlos.
This is not a new practice; similar templates were sent during the 2015 shutdown.
He once summed up the arc of his life: “I started with shoes, and with hard work and discipline, the business prospered.”
Workers’ jobs were saved because the company brought other manufacturing work back from Mexico.
In his statement, Mr. Khan said he had been focused on a visit by the Saudi crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman, who arrived in Pakistan on Sunday for a two-day visit that has led to pledges of $20 billion of investment from Saudi Arabia.
“We’re probably never going to see anything like it again in our lifetimes,” he said.
In particular, Olly Wilson’s “Akwan” — for piano, electric piano, amplified strings, and orchestra — proved a worthy addition to the madcap-modernist American catalog.
How much does it cost?
He was obtained by the Rangers after playing in the Pacific Coast Hockey League and the Western Hockey League.
You should work with movies or literature.’ Now, nobody would say that.”
Fisher wanted students to glimpse, earlier on, what it was like to make software that works its way into people’s lives.
Accompanied by his unscrupulous queen, Ubu combines primeval innocence and terrifying brutality, destroying followers and suspected rivals with equal alacrity.
Varios de los cuentos hablan de la lectura y de los libros.
If few Kremlinologists foresaw just how much turbulence Mr. Gorbachev’s tenure would bring, Professor Bialer at least realized early on that the new leader was a harbinger of change.
Savasana is the opposite of activity.
We don’t know what happened between 1980 and 1990, or 1990 and 2015, but our minds fill in the blanks anyway, depending on whatever narrative or behavioral cues Pizzolatto supplies.
And at Gucci, the latest Le Marché des Merveilles watches feature the striped kingsnake, a time-honored motif of the house, which winds its way up the leather strap and onto the dial.
Ansel Adams in Our Time Through Feb. 24 at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston; 617-267-9300, mfa.org.
“As far as feelings are concerned, we are illiterate,” Johan laments to his wife Marianne in Ingmar Bergman’s “Scenes from a Marriage.” Watching the Swedish master’s characters grapple with their emotions can be equal parts riveting and frustrating — and it’s true of their stage incarnations, too.
We made the market its own priest and confessor.
This lack of respect for a group of people absolutely critical to the success of our nation has torn our country apart and threatens everyone’s future.
What I argued was that while this is true when monetary policy is constrained by the zero lower bound, it isn’t true when the central bank has room to move interest rates.
And I begged her for help.
But one common misunderstanding is that people think of lighting designers as technicians.
Afghanistan has hard countries around it — Russia, Pakistan, India, China and Iran — and they have the ability to contain and manage the disorder there.
What has gone almost unnoticed is how the Australian couple conquered New York City by eschewing the traditional gatekeepers of public art, like the nonprofit Creative Time and Public Art Fund, in favor of some unlikely allies.
It hinges on a comic reversal, and by the end of nine scenes, it’s Austin’s animal instincts that prove the most vicious.
“The vast majority of gay priests are not safe,” said Father Bob Bussen, a priest in Park City, Utah, who was outed about 12 years ago after he held Mass for the L.G.B.T.Q.
Mr. Seay says he likes the dress code where he lives.
Otherwise … there is no reason.
The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, for example, says that it “does not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness” of the charges listed on its website.
(Kannan is about to publish a book on A.I.
Asylum seekers bottled up in Mexico are jumping fences and throwing rocks at officers, who are firing tear gas to push them away.
Another day of political drama in Britain, a fatal ISIS attack in Syria and the dangers of rapidly melting glaciers in Central Asia.
He simply refused to accept that audiences could not be made to laugh, and he threw every thought and instinct he had at that problem until it was solved.”
Many neighbors drive fast, but one older woman drives at dangerous speeds.
In his 11 seasons with the Yankees, a long stretch of largely lean years after decades of dominance, he was one of their few bright spots.
China is buying American soybeans again and has cut tariffs on American cars.
Ms. Lousada also took part in City Ballet’s first professional production, in 1948, of Balanchine’s “Serenade” (1934), as the Dark Angel, and created the role of the Princess in his “Firebird” (1949).
He extolled the virtues of teaching undergraduates and vowed to continue his research.
“I think you can actually mess with people’s heads way more by going the sentimental route, playing with their heartstrings.” Since his death, moments on the “Little Death” album that might have once sounded arch — hokey chord progressions, campy melodic hooks — can unexpectedly arouse tears.
But Michael Bloomberg, the former mayor of New York who has flirted with running for president as a moderate Democrat, rejects the plan as an extreme policy that would put the United States on the path to economic ruin.
Kanter has stopped communicating with them because of the fear of retribution.
He has recorded how a warming planet is making it harder to grow coffee in traditional coffee-producing regions, including Ethiopia, the birthplace of the world’s most popular bean, arabica.
After, my skin is glowing for a week.
What if I walked out on the first test show and just started openly weeping?
I dip into it at random, part of a conversation I’ve been having with Woolf since I began reading her in my 20s.
I voted for Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012, and for Hillary Clinton in 2016.
It instantly threatened to siphon off support from more established moderate contenders like Yair Lapid and Moshe Kahlon, as well as another former chief of staff, Moshe Ya’alon.
The bride’s first marriage ended in divorce and the groom was a widower.
Since then, there have been three, most recently in 1997.
She takes Crictor to the school where she teaches, and he forms his body into the letters of the alphabet, charmingly.
As he addressed a crowd from the presidential palace amid unusually tight security that underscored his worry about a new assassination attempt, Mr. Bolsonaro waved a Brazilian flag and proclaimed that on that day, Brazilians were “being freed from socialism.” The country’s flag “would never be red again,” he said, alluding to the rival Workers’ Party as he stood next to his wife and Vice President Hamilton Mourão, “even if it takes our blood to keep it green and yellow.” The Workers’ Party, which had won the last four presidential elections, was crushed in the October vote after the country slipped into recession, violence soared and corruption scandals tarred much of the elite.
players, whose relatives gave their bodies up for study.
However, Mr. Trump’s visit, which did not include a meeting with Iraqi political figures, although he spoke to the prime minister by telephone, angered Iraqis who saw his attitude as presumptuous.
Again, most seem to be heading the other way.
The Gang of Four included Mr. Polis, who was one of the richest members of Congress during his tenure.
career staff to rapidly identify children in O.R.R.
He had coordinated those calls with at least one other member of the Trump transition team.
If she can’t find them, she told Ms. Cao, she would be content knowing she tried.
The downside is that you begin to recognize bylines and, at least in the case of the typically late-week constructor Byron Walden, he of ZOLAESQUE fame, seeing his name there can give you a serious case of “Dear lord, what evil does he have in store for me today?” Then you remember that it’s only Wednesday, and logically, the puzzle can’t be that hard.
“To hear these people talked about in the first person is remarkable.” In reality, there have been many good days at El Chapo’s trial in Brooklyn — at least for those looking for scripted-material fodder.
After all, party affiliation and voting history had long been used internally by campaigns.
Tearing down, or refusing to fund, border walls won’t get anyone very far in the broader pursuit of global justice.
A morbid strain runs through other works as Feinstein grapples with and battles the forces trying to shut down painting in favor of other media.
Si aún no estás suscrito, puedes darte de alta en este enlace.
He had dispelled the myth, expertly but inexplicably disseminated by Mourinho, that United’s players were not up to scratch.
26A: For some reason this clue got me, as simple as it was — EPSILON for “E,” the first letter in Euripides.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram, and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.
“The coordinated rescue now looks like a waste of money by the already weakened Italian banking system,” Mr. Giegold said.
I’m now going to email my congressman on my smartphone, in response to the morning briefing on the government shutdown delivered to me via smartphone.
Five other teams — the Bengals, Broncos, Browns, Dolphins and Jets — remain in the market for a new head coach.
A Fire Department spokesman said that the cause of the fire was under investigation, but that it was not considered suspicious.
Si, en efecto, la Oficina del Representante Comercial de Estados Unidos ha superado sus dificultades para tomar medidas drásticas, estas son buenas noticias.
Ford withdrew his overtures for the vice presidency, and Reagan named the former C.I.A.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
In the United States Army, he became a radio operator; while stationed in France, he communicated news — including the results of Brown v. Board of Education — between different bases.
The republic is still pretty robust,” he said.
China, by the way, “is the biggest beneficiary of Apple,” so Mr. Trump is not concerned that the company reduced its revenue forecast this week, sending stocks tumbling.
But today they use it as a derogatory term and they imply you are a racist.
“I can’t see this as anything more than an effort to put lipstick on what will be a U.S. withdrawal,” he said.
After a year, that would be down to about $0.08 per hour.
Officials around the world are sounding the alarm: • Cecilia Malmström, the European Union’s commissioner for trade, said that European investment in China was declining, because doing business there was “becoming increasingly complicated.” • Heng Swee Keat, the finance minister of Singapore, a nation heavily reliant on international trade, said at the World Economic Forum that trade friction between China and the U.S. could have a “very negative” effect on the global economy.
And if fewer people enter the catastrophic phase, the government would save money, too.
Foreigners from Western countries, especially Canada, have been a bit spooked by the arrests.
While 2018 was a banner year for black directors — with 16 working on the top 100 films — 15 of those 16 directors were men; the one woman in that group was Ava DuVernay (“A Wrinkle in Time”).
Chopped fresh herbs, lemon zest and cumin deepen the character of the stock, making it bright and lively, as well as complex.
Protests continue, both Mr. Maduro and Mr. Guaidó claim their presidential legitimacy, and a deterioration could pile more political violence onto a country that is already suffering from a demolished economy.
Higher rates have enhanced the appeal of the dollar for investors by lifting the rate of return on dollar holdings.
Sin embargo, la primera consulta sobre la salida de ese país de la Unión Europea generó más problemas que los que resolvió.
He adds these broad strokes.
Add to this universal condition the fact that your husband was only 12 at the time.
British business braces for impact, President Trump gives an interview to The Times, and European teenagers become a protest vanguard.
“Your struggle & resilience is a source of inspiration for both women and men fighting against injustices in Pakistan.” Activists and lawyers said the case was an example of the challenges that women faced while fighting for their rights in a conservative, patriarchic society.
That’s why astronomers have long dreamed of building a radio telescope on the far side of the moon.
Andrew M. Cuomo and transit advocates to push for a comprehensive congestion pricing plan for Manhattan that would charge all drivers a fee for entering the busiest neighborhoods at peak times.
But there are significant challenges to bringing a criminal case against Kelly, and various reasons his record label might decide to keep him on, even as calls for a reckoning grow louder.
I really took that moment to look out to the audience and make the decision that I feel like Pharus is going to be O.K.
Melissa Clark is so smart.
This fast-rising Uzbek pianist, who combines prodigious technique with a feeling for color and youthful temperament, gave a stunning account of Liszt’s formidable Sonata in B minor.
Their wealth brought them suitors and gave them bargaining power in their marriages.
Culturally, the United States is no longer in an “art for art’s sake” moment.
It’s the fact that, according to polls, most voters in November 2016 deemed him dishonest and indecent, yet plenty of them cast their ballots for him anyway.
That comes to seven-tenths of 1 percent of the total — perhaps as far as any job classification gets from accurately reflecting the share of black Americans in the general adult population, which stands at 13 percent.
I can’t imagine the bitterness of having to deal with one’s vocation and artistic calling being inextricably linked to a monstrous, criminal upbringing.
Mark Stone, Matt Duchene and Ryan Dzingel, the Senators’ first-, second-a nd fourth-leading scorers, were healthy scratches.
How to watch: Rent or purchase on iTunes, Amazon Video, Google Play and YouTube.
“And the majority of them were Dalits.” Haresh Rawat, the former chief minister of Uttarakhand, blamed organized crime for the disaster.
I see a lot of anxiety.
Good timing in death, as in any departure, is important.
But part of the pleasure of “As Long as We Both Shall Live” is that Chaney’s too sly for that.
“Estamos hartas de esto”, dijo Haddock.
One of his assistants, for example, would regularly wake the crime lord in a panic, Mr. Cifuentes said, telling him the troops were drawing near.
A vast majority of bothies are repurposed structures — crofters’ homes, shepherds’ huts, mining outbuildings — that have been salvaged from various states of disrepair by the Mountain Bothies Association, a charitable organization founded in 1965 whose aim is “to maintain simple shelters in remote country for the use and benefit of all who love wild and lonely places.” Some, like Warnscale Head in England’s Lake District, date to the 1700s.
As someone who grew up behind the Iron Curtain, I happen to know how the device works; in a certain way, we invented it (we should have copyrighted it).
Susan MillerCarmel, Calif. To the Editor: I think this is such an important discussion, but I don’t think it can be had without consideration of the role harassment and intimidation play when women speak their mind.
Even casual students of Congress know that this is not a tough call.
“When I came to Figure Skating in Harlem, I realized how important it was that an African-American girl was ice skating and how out of the ordinary that was,” Raven Williams, 13, said.
What do you think of this model?
Mr. Putin often boasts that Russia is thriving despite Western sanctions that followed its annexation of Crimea in 2014.
The council and Sterigenics had been lobbying the E.P.A.
This bridge has been barricaded by Maduro to keep our donated food and medical supplies, which he sees as a ploy to undermine his government.
El movimiento de protesta se ha vuelto un desafío en contra de la influencia autoritaria de Milorad Dodik, líder serbio en la nación desde hace años y quien ocupa desde octubre uno de los puestos de la presidencia tripartita de Bosnia y Herzegovina.
Her inquiry does not amount to a formal, independent investigation of the kind the United Nations has ordered in the past, notably into the assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto of Pakistan in 2007.
[crowd shouting] [drumming] There is yet another back and forth, this time with a Native American activist and the students.
Si ya estás suscrito a El Times, todos los sábados lo tendrás en tu bandeja de entrada.
Five hundred and eighteen inmates sleep in a space for 170, above, at Manila City jail — and gangs keep the order.
He enrolled at Columbia University and studied literature but had a hard time because of the language barrier.
“We had an idea of what it would cost, and everything was a little bit more than that.” Location was key.
The Congressional Budget Office on Monday estimated the economic cost at $11 billion, although much of that will eventually be recovered as operations resume.
“I once did a catwalk in high school, but it was only our parents watching, not the whole world of fashion.” Another miner, Klaus Pütz, 49, agreed.
Onrait, who now hosts “Jay and Dan” on TSN in Canada at midnight, has adopted the sensibilities of a late-night talk-show host in this turn as a sports anchor.
And N.C. State’s 16.7-percent shooting (9 of 54) was the lowest percentage in the history of the league, founded in 1953.
Por ejemplo, las personas que sufren de dolor crónico con frecuencia pierden la capacidad para dormir bien; usualmente lo atribuyen a que están mal de la espalda, de la ciática o del artritis.
A Fayulu victory would have meant a victory for Mr. Katumbi, Mr. Mutala said, adding, “The president and his political family have made it clear that Moïse Katumbi will never accede to power.” Mr. Kabila’s party dominated legislative elections that took place at the same time as the presidential vote.
“Some people might feel like they just don’t want that to define them.
The real estate mogul was all but excommunicated from Wall Street.
transcript From The New York Times, I’m Michael Barbaro.
Then we’ll watch TV, either “Insecure,” the third season, or “BoJack Horseman.” We have different tastes, so those are the shows in the overlapping part of our Venn diagram.
My boss was really insistent on getting this project finished, even more so than usual.
In 2017, Mr. Bezos asked his followers on Twitter for ideas about how better to give, and in September he and Ms. Bezos announced a $2 billion fund to help homeless families and start a network of Montessori-inspired preschools.
[Read all of our classical music coverage here.]
So we turned up this video from 1983, when the former senator from Delaware was tapped to deliver the Democratic rebuttal.
L’immigration filtrée d’imams étrangers semble être une bonne solution d’un point de vue technique ; en fait, c’est un piège idéologique.
Mr. Rosenberg, an engineer from the Lower East Side of Manhattan, was tried along with his wife and Mr. Sobell in 1951 on the same charge: conspiracy to commit espionage.
But the bipartisan spirit had its limits.
Not every critic was captivated by Ms. Athill’s confessional style.
El martes, el gobierno estadounidense anunció nuevas sanciones contra altos mandos del gobierno involucrados en una estratagema de intercambio de divisas con la que obtuvieron miles de millones de dólares del tesoro.
And — oh, the bliss of it!
The new study, a randomized trial financed principally by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, a nonpartisan supporter of research in science, technology and economics, sketches out a nuanced, balanced portrait of daily use that is unlikely to satisfy either critics or supporters of the platform.
Que salga a relucir la verdad.
The Sacklers are one of the richest families in the United States, with much of their wealth derived from sales of OxyContin.
One of the United States’ main blunders in Singapore was to sign a joint statement to, among other things, “promote the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.” American negotiators apparently took this to mean the denuclearization of North Korea, when for North Korea, it means getting South Korea out from under America’s nuclear umbrella.
When officials most needed a replay, the rules for what is subject to review prohibited them from watching one.
Creating a device to accomplish this required three key advances, said Dr. Giovanni Traverso, a gastroenterologist at Harvard’s Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston and a lead author of the paper.
When asked why, Mr. Trump replied: “Because I know him.
In all of his novels, there’s vitality, humor and imagination that deserve to be remembered.
“It would be a home run if we got to 60 to 65 percent” self-sufficiency for the Afghan Air Force, said retired Air Force Brig.
Climbing up the back stairway, the couple were able to secure a night’s lodging.
Many of Amazon’s features are similar to those of Google or Facebook, like offering ways to target users based on their interests, searches and demographics.
Seven and a half hours after Michael Cohen first entered this room, sitting pretty patiently through all of these questions, not losing his temper, he was given an opportunity to speak not just to the committee members, but to the president.
The traditional Hijri calendar requires an observation of the early crescent moon to start a new month, and thus encourages paying attention to the cosmos.
(Details are on the website.
Besides the traditional Spätburgunder, the light German pinot noir, vintners are now planting cabernet sauvignon and syrah, grapes that were all but unknown in Germany last century.
In 1978, Mr. Frank sold the rest of those photos, along with his entire archive at the time, to cover living expenses and fund his filmmaking.
[Update: Amanda Knox returns to Italy for first time after acquital.]
The physical cue I developed to help me reframe mid-labor started with clenched fists during an inhale and then opening them during an exhale, with my palms up in a surrender.
He signed his post with the school’s motto: “With a spirit that will not die.” In nearby downtown Covington, at Sunday evening Mass, the priest at the Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption said how difficult it was to see loved ones in the media, and he asked the community to pray that the “very difficult situation” would become clear.
Después, más complicada, vino Halloween.
He had a shot for another birdie on No.
New Orleans Pelicans (20-23) It is a misnomer to say Anthony Davis has no help; Jrue Holiday, Nikola Mirotic and Julius Randle are all accomplished players.
Hard-core advocates of quitting in particular have clung to the illusion that Britain can abandon those elements of the union they dislike, like free movement of people, and keep those that benefit them.
Others whose names were considered included Indra K. Nooyi, the former chief executive of PepsiCo; Ray Washburne, the president of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation; and Heidi Cruz, a Goldman Sachs executive and the wife of Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas.
What has Yorgos made of this Oscar season, which involves so many months of handshakes, Q. and A.s and awards ceremonies?
Instead, they rely on mass timber, an engineered product made of layers of spruce or fir pressed together in a way that is similar to plywood but with a more elegant look.
Andrea Umbach, an executive coach in Seattle, found that her Alaska status meant she could change or cancel an Alaska ticket without a fee.
But otherwise the cards are much the same.
Mr. Cuomo appoints six of the 14 voting members, and by force of personality, he has driven a number of projects, including this one — at the last minute — and pushing construction of the Second Avenue line.
That night the couple kissed for the first time.
Representative Al Green has signed onto the Democratic megadonor Tom Steyer’s impeachment crusade, despite party leadership’s commitment to steer clear of the “I” word for now.
The Bronx district attorney’s office declined to comment on the decision not to seek a prison term.
At La Baracca, neighborly fraternizing over dinner is the norm, and dancing both around and on the long tables generally ensues soon after.
En total, la corte sentenció a ocho personas acusadas de encubrimiento, entre ellas un exjuez federal y al antiguo líder de los servicios de inteligencia, pero absolvió a otros cinco indiciados, entre ellos el expresidente Carlos Menem.
But the vast majority of that composite number is from streaming — so much so that the sales number represents a new low on the chart.
The thrilling touchdown by Ross was set up at the line scrimmage when Alabama’s Saivion Smith had tried to jam the wide receiver but immediately hit the turf with an injury.
He lived to about age 14 — a good, long life for a snail of his kind, experts say.
“I’m playing some extremely good golf again here in the desert and just got to keep moving forward,” he said.
O que un jugador se arrodillará (5-1 en contra).
Kelly could always accuse RCA of breaching its contract through “bad faith” — intentionally failing to fulfill its obligations — but that is unlikely, said Laurie L. Soriano, a music lawyer in Los Angeles.
Dammit, I’m going to do something immediately.” Truman directed the Justice Department and F.B.I.
Nobody expects Mrs. May to leave office this week.
“Space is something that we all contend with in New York,” she said.
The videos he had narrated were full of bravado, his voice representing a group that had vowed never to give up.
As a result of such changes, students on some campuses said they felt shut out of computer science while others said they faced overcrowded classes with overworked professors.
The airport was said by a person briefed on its security to have some limited anti-drone technology in place before the Gatwick incursions.
Another arrested eight times had 16 previous arrests.
President Trump agreed to open the government for three weeks amid continuing border-wall negotiations, but he insisted that he hadn’t backed down from any of his demands.
In a statement, the A.C.L.U.
I just try to go about my business the same way, change nothing.” Seven American players made their debuts, including five starters — the most since in the starting lineup since Sept. 3, 1992, at Canada.
Before reading the article: Did you watch the Academy Awards on Sunday night?
In late December, a Chinese court also ordered the retrial of a Canadian man on a drug-smuggling charge.
El viaje fronterizo llegó al sur de Arizona en su tercera semana.
“If people want to, we can tie them up,” Ms. Urbaityte deadpanned.
Yet Fairbanks’s partners owed projects to other companies.
[How to watch ‘Roma,’ ‘The Americans’ and the other big winners and nominees] “Thank you for your courage in embracing your true self,” Graham King, a “Bohemian Rhapsody” producer, said of Mercury in collecting the best drama Globe.
I’ve read Terry Ryan’s memoir, “The Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio,” which I thought was superb, but I haven’t seen the movie yet.
But he undermined his chances for survival by also acknowledging that in the same year he had used shoe polish to darken his face for a Michael Jackson costume at a dance party.
But McCain, more than anyone, knew the value of reconciliation.
Last week, Patrick J. Lynch, the president of the Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association, which represents two-thirds of the city’s 36,000 officers, referred to Justin Murrell, 16, as a “mutt” after he was sentenced to four years in prison for dragging Detective Dalsh Veve in June 2017, nearly killing him.
The Italian government let hundreds of thousands of rescued migrants land at Italian ports.
That same day, the police raided their home and, according to CBS Chicago, removed several items including an “Empire” script, a phone and a black face mask hat.
“So all of these things are kind of nice to have when you’re out there with your tourists.” Every tour operator with skin in the game claims that his location is the best for aurora viewing, and Dr. Aslaksen is no exception.
[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]
I am not superior to her, of course, though it would probably be in keeping with my personality type to present as if I am.
Johnson has not had any such turbulence through the first two days.
Even growing up in Berkeley, Calif., which is generally known for being culturally diverse and politically progressive, my family structure has struck people as unconventional.
By the inauguration, investigators were focusing on Mr. Kilimnik and his connections to Mr. Manafort.
Here’s hoping the truth will prove more powerful than what people want to believe when Mr. Mueller issues his report.
Penalty for Google: France fined the company $57 million for not properly disclosing to users how their data is collected.
They seemed to be dancing not for an audience but for themselves.
“Marte en sus inicios era un sitio violento, con calor vaporoso”, dijo Squyres.
China is still in the regulatory process for allowing foreign credit card companies like Visa and Mastercard into its market.
Legacy studios like Paramount — founded in the 1910s, operating sumptuous soundstage complexes and controlling vast film libraries — rarely came up for sale.
“Good employees can pretty much go wherever they want,” Mr. Haith said.
A bystander can be heard saying: “Take it easy.
212-757-4100, carolines.com ‘THE “UNITED” STATES OF OUTRAGE’ at Q.E.D.
También constituyen una valiosa arma para la oposición, que durante años ha indicado que el círculo cercano del presidente tiene lazos con narcotraficantes y milicianos.
If you are trying to rub the pleasure centers of a liberal audience, this is truly a story too good to check.
“This is not just any ordinary mayor, this is a mayor who guaranteed he’d make this the most equitable city in the nation.” Mr. de Blasio has struggled at times to prove he is skilled at managing a sprawling city government.
He also faced indictment in six other American judicial districts.
He had heard me perform in concerts.
Tal vez pronto necesite encontrar un lugar donde puedan cuidar de ella una vez que no pueda hacerlo sola.
She wasn’t a doctor or a nurse.
It’s a small attempt to save the planet for future generations.
However much you love space and astronomy, we know it can be challenging to keep on top of the latest out-of-this-world news.
Mr. Polunin, 29, who has more than 170,000 Instagram followers, has achieved fame beyond the ballet world, thanks in part to his solo to Hozier’s “Take Me To Church,” filmed by David LaChapelle, which attracted over 26 million views on YouTube.
But in January, the inspector general of the Department of Health and Human Services reported that thousands more families might have been separated than previously reported.
“We do not see the mistakes we make because no matter how badly we do things, players come through,” Gomis said.
Bode rented an empty art gallery and constructed inside it a version of the New Canaan, Conn., garage where a teenage Mr. Alden once practiced with his band, Feed the Cat.
Over the last two years, tech companies like Facebook’s Oculus, HTC, Google and Samsung have flooded the market with virtual reality headsets and plenty of software and games.
Sports and Concussions Sports are often associated with heroism — endurance, toughness, and valor.
En Australia, los hijos de ascendencia aborigen y de los isleños del estrecho de Torres fueron separados a la fuerza de sus familias por parte del gobierno.
Ms. Warren recently apologized to the Cherokee Nation for having done so.
“Jussie Smollett continues to be a consummate professional on set and as we have previously stated, he is not being written out of the show,” 20th Century Fox Television and Fox Entertainment said in a joint statement released on Wednesday.
Countless devices and internet services now pervade daily life.
But gun control groups say public pressure has been mounting in response to recent high-profile mass shootings, including the slaughter at a country musical festival in Las Vegas that left 58 people dead and hundreds wounded in October 2017; and multiple shootings in 2018 at schools around the country, particularly at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla.
She wasn’t delusional; she wasn’t mad; they did build a life together.” Expect a major contribution from the costume designer, William Ivey Long, by all accounts an enthusiastic Diana obsessive who, by way of getting the job, tacked up hundreds of pictures of the princess in every outfit imaginable — her puffy-sleeved meringue of a wedding dress; the sexy sheath worn as a see-what-you’re-missing statement of post-separation independence — on the walls of his studio in Manhattan.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
She retired in 1973 after 33 years at the Department of Agriculture, from which she had received several service awards.
The green, black, and red of the Afghan flag provided the color scheme for the whole space.
The Americans have traditionally “been the harbingers of the growth and protection of the order,” Mr. Jones said.
That’s shaping up as the theme of the season.
There is even a competing Woodstock: the Bethel Woods Music and Culture Festival, over the same anniversary weekend — which will also feature “TED-style talks” — will be held on the same grounds as the original, around 60 miles from the town of Woodstock.
Ralph Northam of Virginia has probably caused many physicians to re-examine their past.
“We are under attack at 14 Riverside Drive,” said a Twitter user identified as Miss Rachel.
Goldberg told me that even if his clients were out of options, he’d advise against hiring Gomez.
A few older voters said they had gone back to watch the 1954 version of “A Star Is Born,” with Judy Garland, and come away with the belief that the current version wasn’t as good, especially in its second hour.
He focuses on new projects designed to provide alternatives to prosecution and incarceration in the city’s criminal justice system.
It’s about healing the divide between the races.
Mr. Kelly has been through the court system before, in a highly publicized child pornography trial that stemmed from a video that prosecutors said showed him having sex with, and urinating on, an underage girl.
The other check against abuse has been self-restraint: Presidents have self-regulated and not invoked emergency powers to achieve policy goals Congress had rejected — or claimed that a qualifying crisis existed in disputed circumstances.
A digital restoration of the seven-hour-plus magnum opus is screening through Thursday at Film Society of Lincoln Center, and a home release by Criterion is in the works.
I actually feel better,” he said.
The Biden nonprofits are not traditional grant-makers, and the only one made by the Biden Foundation was nearly $500,000 to spin off the cancer initiative.
Please answer these questions in two words or fewer: 1.
But she also said the outreach team did not adequately support on-the-ground workers there.
Shepherd’s pie, for example, is traditionally made with minced lamb and vegetables and baked with a mashed potato topping.
The Yard’s artistic director, Jay Miller, 34, said the festival was “really the more radical end of our program,” made up of “innovating and risky” work.
“What makes it cool is that it’s something we can’t hear in the air,” Dr. Hill said.
He’s the very special white man who somehow thinks that he’s an outsider, and it’s like, “Bro, you’re not an outsider — you are the inside; everyone else is on the outside.” It would all be so comical, if it wasn’t also the generating impulse for so much prejudice which can get translated into violence.
Además, las emociones te indican a qué debes prestar atención, lo que debe importarte y lo que debes recordar.
Yet holding on to all the data takes up valuable space on devices while also making important files more difficult to find.
And in the U.S., people are amazed I speak really good English.
Don Rumsfeld lost his job.
And I still have the scars.” He attended high school in Fallon, Nev., where there were few art offerings, but a helpful teacher encouraged his nascent interest in photography.
The new experiment provided plenty of supporting evidence: After it ended, the subjects who had quit for a month said they planned to use Facebook less, and they did so, reducing their previous habit — at least for a while.
Progyny, a fertility benefits manager, is also streamlining fertility treatment and removing hurdles like the “trying naturally” commandments.
Their biggest moves could still be to come.
You are going to have extra protection, extra seams, extra material, extra linings.
By now Republicans must know, deep in their hearts, that Mr. Cohen’s portrayal of Mr. Trump as a “racist,” “a con man” and “a cheat” is spot on.
But he has also seemed burdened by the weight of expectations.
So, I was toying with those, but really between the time when I finished “Split” and when it came out, which was about four months, it was in that period that I was writing “Glass,” and I was really homing in on the exact specifics.
En América Latina ya no es inconcebible un escenario en el que colapsen las instituciones democráticas y peligre el respeto a los derechos humanos.
Ms. Williams has been sober for two years, she said.
In total, 33 Chinese firms raised $9.2 billion through initial public offerings on American exchanges — up 140 percent from 2017 and the highest level since 2014, according to Dealogic.
“When you know you are in the right, you are not allowed to remain home,” he told supporters in Kinshasa, the capital.
He introduced me to the instructors, the head of the wind energy club, and his fellow students.
Later, he spoke with delivery workers, comparing them to “diligent honeybees,” and vowed to create more jobs.
In an interview with National Parks Traveler, a news media organization that focuses on national parks, David Smith, the superintendent of Joshua Tree, said some unsupervised visitors destroyed trees to carve new off-road paths through pristine desert areas.
The resolution has no legal impact; only the State Legislature has the authority to enact a moratorium or any other strict limits on charter schools.
“Habitable, yes, but it was no evolutionary paradise.” Over the years, Opportunity explored a series of larger and larger craters.
In 2017, Mr. Smollett appeared in the science-fiction thriller “Alien: Covenant.” That year, he also played Langston Hughes in the film “Marshall,” a biopic about Thurgood Marshall, the first African-American Supreme Court justice.
Sign up for the Sunday Best newsletter.]
Let the left and right stand for endless political war.
“I read selectively, I’ll tell you the truth,” Mr. Cuomo said.
But, as is evident in the exhibit “Your Mirror: Portraits from the I.C.P.
bombardment \ ˈbäm-ˌbärd-mənt \ noun 1. an attack by dropping bombs 2. the heavy fire of artillery to saturate an area rather than hit a specific target 3. the act (or an instance) of subjecting a body or substance to the impact of high-energy particles (as electrons or alpha rays) 4. the rapid and continuous delivery of linguistic communication (spoken or written) _________ The word bombardment has appeared in 100 articles on NYTimes.com in the past year, including on Oct. 30 in “Your Kid’s Apps Are Crammed With Ads” by Nellie Bowles: In apps marketed for children 5 and under in the Google Play store, there were pop-up ads with disturbing imagery.
conservatives say they feel newly relevant and accepted in the Republican Party, which has long opposed L.G.B.T.
Four Democratic presidential candidates — Ms. Harris, Ms. Warren, Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York and Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey — are among the co-sponsors of Mr. Sanders’s Medicare for All bill, which would replace the Affordable Care Act with a single government health plan for all Americans.
That Palestinian cookbooks exist at all beyond the Middle East has great resonance for Joudie Kalla, the author of “Palestine on a Plate” and “Baladi,” both published in the last three years.
She helped manage the same highly classified program involving informants working against Iran.
Recent polls suggest that British citizens now favor a second vote and that, if held, the decision to leave would likely be overturned.
What gives Mr. Alexie, accused of hitting on women who saw him as a mentor, and Mr. Díaz, accused of forcibly kissing someone, the right to have their books published?
But supporting two states — in the full meaning of the term state?
Aleksei Kordichev, one of the detainees and the chairman of Vostochny from 2015 to 2017, testified against Mr. Calvey and was willing to cooperate with the investigators, his lawyer told Interfax.
By doing this, she also became the second female play-by-play announcer in N.F.L.
The woman, Korryn Gaines, 23, was shot several times by a Baltimore County police officer in August 2016 as she sat in her apartment with her 5-year-old son, Kodi Gaines, nearby.
“What you see here is a bit of frustration that the U.K. government could have handled it so badly and ignored the concerns of business,” said Mr. Portes of King’s College London, who is also a senior fellow at UK in a Changing Europe.
When her first book came out several years ago, Ms. Kondo’s publisher did much the same: To “The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up” it added the subtitle “The Japanese Art of Decluttering and Organizing.” Readers would no longer be doing chores; they would be engaged in a cultural and possibly spiritual activity.
But Mr. Moreno was held in a cell for 20 days and his family was placed in a temporary shelter.
Palestinian food can be sorted into three categories, she explained: There is the bread- and meat-based cooking of the West Bank, which includes East Jerusalem and stretches to the Jordan River.
To the Editor: Re “In Era of San Francisco-ization, What Do San Franciscans Fear?,” by Emily Badger (The Upshot, Dec. 27): Elected officials are right to fear the San Francisco-ization that Ms. Badger describes.
But that depends on Mr. Trump and Mr. Kim’s striking a denuclearization deal when they meet Feb. 27-28 in Hanoi, the Vietnamese capital, that is significant enough for Washington and the United Nations to ease sanctions and create room for Mr.
As automation becomes pervasive, will we catch that spell-check autocorrected “they’re” to “there” when we meant “their”?
Lin has not planned that far ahead.
“It is clearly unacceptable for any of our staff to be attacked for doing their job,” the statement on Tuesday said.
Amid the mayhem after a 26-23 overtime victory that propelled the Rams past the Saints and into the Super Bowl, that player, cornerback Nickell Robey-Coleman, got his first look at the replay of his helmet-to-helmet, fourth-quarter thump on New Orleans receiver Tommylee Lewis.
“How do you answer to two masters?” Mr. Trainer asked.
Maybe you can say, “Wow, your definition of unhinged is pretty severe.” But I’ve got to be honest: I don’t think that was a crazy thing to say.
“Pero pienso que muchos de nosotros amamos a nuestros perros y amamos presumirlos”.
SUNDAY VARIETY PUZZLE COLUMN — Honestly, to know Puns and Anagrams is to love Puns and Anagrams — this occasional offering is a delicious snack that should always gratify and never frustrate to the point of enmity.
Whaling is limited to Japan’s 200-mile exclusive economic zone, where it has the sovereign right to use the living resources.
Follow us on Twitter: @nytrealestate.
Luckily, the race ended just shortly before the ceremony started.
Key to the success of the Florida effort was a message from activists that resonated beyond party politics and above racial resentment.
The state was one of the first to end slavery, long before the 13th Amendment formally banned it nationwide in 1865.
I mean, I’m surprised because some I think got — [to Baker] now you did a book about Barack Obama so you got to know him.
— Mary G. Batts, St. Louis When I worked those food-service jobs, I had to show up regardless of illness.
63 Photos View Slide Show › Still, none of the them had the last word.
Isn’t that in some ways — Yeah.
Again, Mr. Ungerer had a sense of not belonging, on which he would later draw in his children’s books.
(Cotter) 212-831-7272, elmuseo.org ‘EVERYTHING IS CONNECTED: ART AND CONSPIRACY’ at the Met Breuer (through Jan. 6).
That he was more than his cable business of VH1, Nickelodeon and MTV, a media company that the real bigwigs called “The House That Beavis and Butt-Head Built.” Mr. Diller also had emotional ties to Paramount; he had run the studio from 1974 to 1984, finding hits like “Grease,” “Raiders of the Lost Ark” and “Beverly Hills Cop.” But Mr. Diller had visions of using Paramount to push Hollywood into a new era: that a budding “information superhighway” called the internet might someday run through the studio, bringing movies and TV shows directly to computers.
Only governmental power can fix this.
At one point during the conversation, she made a pretty foul-mouthed joke, as she is wont to do.
One of those women (lucky, lucky filmmaker) was Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.
began keeping track of starts in 1970-71.
Mr. Lewis, the director of the Australian Security Intelligence Organization, warned politicians against accepting contributions from Mr. Chau.
Larry Antonsen, above, decided to report a priest who sexually abused him during high school, and he ended up in a maze of church bureaucracy.
The consortium would finance the project by selling shares to investors as well as by borrowing, but it was not asking for a sovereign guarantee.
The conditions now seem ripe.
Vo, de 35 años y quien trabaja en una empresa de medios, se ha convertido en una figura destacada en el mundo de los recorridos museísticos alternativos en el Reino Unido.
“It would be a new mission, but the idea that Syria is not strategically important to the United States I completely reject.”
Esa política marcaría un cambio significativo de las onerosas reglas de Brasil en cuanto a la posesión de armas, y los expertos aseguran que probablemente exacerbará la violencia en el país, que el año pasado tuvo un récord de 63.880 asesinatos.
Much of what seems to be in the Green New Deal falls into that category.
The ensuing dysfunction touches not just in earnings and employment but also male idleness, dysfunctional and destructive behavior (e.g., drug and alcohol abuse), and the erosion of two-parent families, which, research suggests, facilitate children in becoming successful adults.
When Christopher Fuller and his research team received a “stop work order” on New Year’s Eve, they had four hours to shut down their lab, making sure their chemical and biological samples were securely stored in refrigerators that would keep running if the electricity was shut off.
On Jan. 20, the couple is to take part in another ceremony, also led by Ms. Glass, that is to include Jewish wedding traditions as well as an exchange of vows and rings, at Raspberry Plain Manor, an events space in Leesburg, Va.
Beyond is an eat-in kitchen with Saltillo tile floors, an upholstered banquette, extensive storage and ceilings that top nine feet.
Mr. Trump and Mr. Trong walked into a ballroom later and performed a signing ceremony for commercial business deals, including the sale of 100 Boeing 737 Max jets to VietJet Air, a private Vietnamese airline, for nearly $13 billion at list prices, and 10 Boeing 787 Dreamliners to Bamboo Airways, another private airline in Vietnam, for $3 billion.
Burnett has collected numerous awards throughout her career including the Presidential Medal of Freedom, a Kennedy Center Honor, the Mark Twain Prize for Humor and two Peabody Awards, one of which she accepted last year.
But unlike New York’s famous Mandarin duck, an object of fascination for photographers but a generally self-sufficient visitor, Trevor’s survival took a village.
“They are indeed the real thing,” he wrote.
Invoking the watchword of his 2016 candidacy, Mr. Sanders said it was time to “complete that revolution” by enacting his health care and education policies.
Mr. Abdul Razzak quickly determined that the name and company that visitor had given were false, and he warned other Citizen Lab workers to watch for similar approaches.
“I mean, look at some of the teams he’s taken to the finals — including last season.
Venmo has taken off in the United States by making it easier to send payments by phone.
What will happen to us if the Taliban become part of the government?”
One longtime premise is that as these early humans spread out in all directions over the land, groups of them encountered places that struck their fancy, pitched their tents and more or less stayed “home” for the duration of prehistory.
No es casual que los ejemplos más elocuentes de ese otro tipo de institución estén en los países del sur, siempre menos visibles que los del norte.
23 Pablo Carreno Busta left the court yelling at the chair umpire after a disagreement in the concluding tiebreaker of his 6-7 (8), 4-6, 7-6 (4), 6-4, 7-6 (10-8) loss to No.
This despite the fact that when she has done interviews throughout her career, she has maintained her ban on their discussion.
I think you get my point here.
—Durante mucho tiempo viviste en París por propia elección.
“How am I supposed to tell families in my Senate district that adequate state aid to help afford college isn’t available for them, but it is available for others who are in this country illegally?” said Republican State Sen. James Seward.
Those rules also emphasized that female employees could obtain contraceptives at family-planning clinics as an alternative to seeking them through health insurance.
* Flores sobre la importancia de la ubicación cuando se trata del narcotráfico: “Cuanto más lejos estés de la frontera, más alto es el precio de la cocaína.
The reporters, Stephanie Forshee and Jennifer Williams-Alvarez, did what most writers do when trying to track down a high-profile subject: They trawled the Nexis database.
Polite humor is fine, raunchy humor is scandalous.
Diversity adds better representation of our communities, but it also helps cut out narratives that may claim objectivity but actually do more harm than good.” These questionable images are not only frequently found in mainstream media but are often rewarded in major contests where historically, Ms. Pixley said, “you almost have to have a photo of starving or dying or war-torn black or brown bodies to win.” The Authority Collective has challenged camera manufacturers over their promotions and the photographers they choose to represent them.
“That might be the best answer you’ve ever heard,” Mr. Trump replied.
(Evercore) JPMorgan Chase has overhauled its deal-making team in London, switching its heads of mergers and acquisitions in the region.
خلفه٠ا، تضع روزان يدها على ظهرها ث٠تسقط أرضاً.
And I’ll tell you, part of what troubles me so much about that phrase is what do you do with enemies?
The reality is that by being kind to ourselves, we become stronger, more resilient and less focused on our problems.
En las mesas, había piezas de un rompecabezas junto con dibujos y crayones.
He served as creative director at Chanel since 1983 and Fendi since 1965, and had his own line.
When Mr. Cuomo was asked on Thursday whether the board had to approve the repair plan, Mr. Cuomo said, “I don’t believe so.” Mr. Ferrer clarified that the board would, in fact, have to approve a new contract for the work.
Read the story by my colleagues Michael Gold and Sean Piccoli.
“We are certain that we are taking the proper steps not to merely declare, but to execute” a peaceful transition of power, Mr. Guaidó said.
The studio’s first feature, “Mary and the Witch’s Flower,” was a hit, becoming one of Japan’s biggest box-office draws in 2017.
This year she lost much of her appetite and has lost some weight.
Maybe 2019 would be better if I bought certain purifying elements for my home.
This rang true even for young local voters, who in the week leading up to the inauguration described feeling elated.
Professor Demasure said there are firsthand testimonies about such abortions, which would break one of the central tenets of church teaching and potentially violate local laws, but she said there was no data about how widespread they are.
But perhaps the more meaningful lesson to be extracted from “Surviving R. Kelly” has to do with Kelly’s strategic use of music as a character witness.
Each team is required to be represented in the game, meaning the Pacific Division-leading Flames had as many All-Stars as each of the four last-place teams.
We are going to require this because it’s going to benefit the economy,” said a co-author of the legislation, Hannah-Beth Jackson, a Democratic state senator from Santa Barbara, in a floor speech.
Rudolph Valentino rose to stardom as the Sheik; Douglas Fairbanks cavorted as the Thief of Bagdad.
Even in my prime, I’d been hopeless at chatting up women in bars or at parties.
Dominic Raab, who stepped down as Mrs. May’s Brexit secretary in November, described her agreement as “wracked with self-doubt, defeatism and fear.” “This deal before us can’t end the grinding process — it can only prolong it,” Mr. Raab said.
It’s worth noting that some were unwilling to do so — not because they definitively believed otherwise, but as part of a shift toward acknowledging the gray areas in art history.
His father was a member of the Tongmenghui, an underground revolutionary party that helped overthrow the Qing dynasty and establish a republic.
She hadn’t been convincing me as she convinced herself.
The formal front door, which retains the original fanlight and strap hinges, opens into a den with built-in shelves that is adjacent to the living room.
None of this bodes well for the 2020 campaign, which has entered its first stage at a time when analysts in and out of government are still trying to determine the full effect disinformation had in the last presidential election.
It’s not about U.S. or Russia.
And I think — I’m not happy to hear that.
Como Texas Monthly lo publicó: “La financiación federal del muro fronterizo permite subsistir al refugio de la vida silvestre, pero nada más”.
columns and other articles were anthologized in “The Conscience of the Folk Revival: The Writings of Israel ‘Izzy’ Young” (2013), edited by Scott Barretta.
The 20th-century photographer Lee Miller (1907-77) fits neatly into this category, having been Man Ray’s mistress for several years.
Son más de veinte millones de personas que van y vienen (para entender su dimensión: si la población entera de Chile pudiera movilizarse en una sola ciudad, todavía no llegaría a las cifras de la megalópolis mexicana).
I am no apologist for religion.
There is a box in front of a closed-up building on Main Street, and another in front of the newspaper’s shed-size office on a side street.
She’s taken SLT classes (strengthen, lengthen and tone) because “they told me it might make me taller.” (She is 5-foot-1.)
The revealer, clued as “Adoring looks seen 10 times in this puzzle’s grid,” is GOO GOO EYES.
Video footage that was shared widely on social media recently showed a group of high school students from Kentucky wearing “Make America Great Again” gear outside the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, seeming to surround a Native American elder while cheering and jeering.
A finales de 2018 había sido condenado en un caso por encubrir fusilamientos, pero no había sido señalado como responsable directo y cumplía la sentencia en libertad.
Season 4 really took it out of me, from beginning to end, and stretched on for so long.
On Tuesday afternoon, the player, Hakeem al-Araibi, arrived back in Australia, where he has refugee status.
Three senior Trump campaign officials told Mr. Mueller’s team that Mr. Stone created the impression that he was a conduit for inside information from WikiLeaks, according to people familiar with their witness interviews.
I’ll finish the sentence: Come up with green.
“Absolute justice would be an apology to this city that he smeared,” he said at the news conference.
Adam Savage’s rise to fame was marked by explosions.
Still, no one is declaring victory.
“A estos sujetos se les aplicará todo el peso de la ley”, dice la misiva.
By asking for delays, they can prolong a defendant’s stay in jail, ratcheting up the pressure to take a plea deal.
Bill money to meet state licensure and certification requirements.
I never imagined it.” He said that in the future, Nicaragua should bring back term limits — and should even prohibit two terms.
John R. Bolton, asesor de seguridad de Trump, dijo que Estados Unidos no tiene planeado desplegar personal militar estadounidense para que entregue la ayuda.
The grim reality of 2019 is that begging a billionaire for employment via Twitter is not considered embarrassing, but a perfectly plausible way to get ahead.
Por supuesto, incluye a “Nuestra Señora de las Iguanas”, obra en préstamo de la colección permanente del Museo de Brooklyn.
For decades, that compact has governed Albany’s private meetings, its raucous fund-raisers, its bars where legislators flock after session.
In fact, new labels were often needed to capture new hybrids: “Southern Gothic.” “Freak cabaret.” “Afropsychedelic.” “Afrofuturist global bass” is how the members of Gato Preto describe their combustible blend of rap, funk and Senegalese drumming.
As I prepare to board a flight back to my natural habitat — bitterly cold and over-benzoed Manhattan — here are some of the lessons I’ve learned from the sunny Aussies I count myself lucky to have met.
“In working with the F.T.C.
This week, Tuscany, Umbria, Sardinia and the northern region of Piedmont filed a legal complaint against the Security Decree, charging that it actually increased criminal activity and decreased the possibility of economic integration.
People say a few words if they feel moved.
Atlanta did not make the top 10, but the 2006 conviction of a former mayor still ripples.
She is a daughter of Susan C. Barnett and Joel M. Barnett of Miami.
(NYT) • Despite a possible U.S.-China agreement, global trade continues to suffer.
“You make a conscious decision to end a life with the intention of eating it,” Mr. Truong said.
Many think of themselves as moderate and, strange as it may sound, many thought of Trump as moderate in 2016.
When they ran that check in early 2018, they discovered that the model and reality were out of alignment.
[Transcript: Read Mr. Stone’s statement responding to his arrest.]
“The market-rate guys are now knocking on the door of the affordable sector,” said Guido Subotovsky, the founder and president of Azimuth Development Group, and the pileup is pushing builders to consider more unusual lots.
But several Republicans said they would not support the party picking one vendor as a central clearinghouse for donations, calling it antithetical to Republican philosophy.
One hall includes a curved blue wall where skin-lightening products are spilled at its base; it’s a 2017 piece by Juan Andrés Milanes Benito, a Cuban artist living in Norway.
They stagger their shifts, with Ms. Young leaving the house around 3:30 a.m., so they can care for their 5-year-old twin daughters.
When the house’s current owners conveniently exit, Jimmie and his sole friend, Montgomery (Jonathan Majors), take possession in a story that doesn’t announce its themes but instead transforms lived-in ideas about friendship, loneliness, artmaking, gentrification and the many faces of black masculinity.
Otherwise, there was no point in shopping for foundation in stores back then.
Hartosh Singh Bal, the author of “Waters Close Over Us: A Journey Along the Narmada,” is the political editor of The Caravan magazine.
Let me know your Worst Cabinet Member pick and we’ll crown some winners next week.
“Oh, it was a mess,” she said.
Read about this year’s snubs and surprises.]
So I poured myself a glass of ice water and picked up “Anna Karenina” again.
For the first time in generations, German women would have legal access to public information about who performs abortions and what services they provide, under a compromise that seeks to end a dispute that has plagued Chancellor Angela Merkel’s government for months.
Lin earned a wild card into the first round of the professional event by winning a college invitational in November at Billie Jean King National Tennis Center.
A digital clock, the kind that keeps precise time for obeying musicians’ union regulations, is visible.
He lives in Kentville, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Victor Cha (@VictorDCha) is a professor of government at Georgetown University and Korea Chair at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
Its recent ads have featured Zoe Kravitz, an actress described as “the reigning millennial fashion icon,” and a remix of “Moon River,” the classic song from the 1961 film “Breakfast at Tiffany’s,” performed by the rapper A$AP Ferg and the actress Elle Fanning.
“A small group of politicians put their own narrow political interests above their community — which poll after poll showed overwhelmingly supported bringing Amazon to Long Island City — the state’s economic future and the best interests of the people of this state,” the governor said in a statement.
The trend popped up in the ’90s, but it has made a comeback in recent years with a number of celebrity fans.
Representatives of Renault and Mitsubishi did not respond to requests for comment.
Pero en enero cambió de parecer y apeló ante el Supremo Tribunal Federal para pedir que se congelara la pesquisa con el alegato de que tiene el derecho a la inmunidad política como senador.
“When Jonathan told me the numbers,” Dr. Nelson said, “I knew it posed an existential threat to the college.” Hampshire had just undergone a routine 10-year reaccreditation review.
In 2017, it filed a complaint against a drag queen who performed as the Virgin Mary and Jesus on the cross.
In fact, one of the easiest ways to get into argument (without end) is to name a “best pizza in the city.” But at the same time, pizza — specifically the reheated, foldable, portable slice — is one of the city’s great uniters.
Like James, Wade — who lied in court twice to protect the man he loved — had symptoms of trauma that intensified with the birth of his son.
By the way, you’re right.
Mr. Dyer, as the surly top thug, and Mr. Freeman, as his fretful second banana, enjoyably elicit the music-hall rhythms of these squabbling criminals, without milking the laughs.
And though he has mastered the commercial art of juxtaposing opposites — tradition and novelty, niche and pop, East and West, Anglo and Continental, personal and institutional — it is his commitment to stewardship that has formed the basis of his decade-and-a-half-long ascent to the top of men’s fashion.
When Sabathia was with the Indians, from the time he was drafted in 1998 until his 2008 trade to the Milwaukee Brewers, he said his father used to tell him he would end up playing for the Yankees.
But by halftime, he had thrown two picks that proved pivotal.
It was in front of him, when he looked out upon the room, and in back, as Ms. Pelosi wielded her gavel.
The decrease in users has prompted concerns about whether Twitter really has room to grow.
El que se atreviera a realizar esa idea, y que lo siguiera haciendo en las siguientes décadas con cierto éxito, no solamente transformó la fortuna de Chanel (se estima que sus ganancias ahora superan los 4000 millones de dólares al año), sino las suyas.
“El éxito es tener paz mental como resultado directo de estar satisfecho contigo mismo al saber que realmente diste todo lo que pudiste para volverte lo mejor que puedes ser”, escribió alguna vez Wooden.
You’ve survived all your challenges to this point … And you will survive whatever is coming.
Mr. McConnell — who has insisted he will not put any legislation on the floor unless the president will sign it — spoke to Mr. Trump, Mr. Kushner and Mr. Pence on Thursday night about finding a way forward.
Critics noted that Head Start’s decentralized structure allowed wide variation in quality.
Frenkie de Jong had Christian Eriksen, and Matthijs de Ligt was compared to Barry Hulshoff, a defender from Ajax’s all-conquering team of the 1970s.
I primarily do a lot of work.
In another tweet, Mr. Trump said that “the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18,959,495,168.
One of the employees is a black woman living in a large city in Florida, and the other is a white woman living in a small city in the Midwest.
“The shutdown slowed things down somewhat, probably by a couple weeks.
What to watch for: President Trump has invited congressional leaders of both parties to a briefing on border security.
Former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers told Bloomberg Television yesterday that there is “pretty clear evidence that things have slowed down a fair amount in China.” “There are a lot of grounds for concern,” he added.
She was looking at me.
Others wondered why the eggheads running the trains didn’t think of this in the first place.
It is as if the aura of the man himself hovers above it.
The Department of Agriculture has announced that funding for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, which provides food stamps and other aid to almost 40 million poor and working-class Americans, will run out by March 1, and other nutrition programs are facing the same fate.
The news continued to get worse for Mr. Dunlap, even in the years after he left Sunbeam.
A penchant for asking nettlesome questions.
They are two of the newest Chicago White Sox, and fairness demands that they be recognized as solid major league baseball players.
(Mr. Skakel has been out of prison since 2013.)
Her mother told the South African authorities that she had been conducting AIDS research for the militia at the time, according to contemporaneous documents.
But then, just a few days after Hernandez turned down the deal, Gomez called me.
According to the order setting Mr. Stone’s conditions of release, filed in January, he is out on bond.
This morning he drove into Washington from his residence, about a mile out from Anacostia, a suburb just across the eastern branch of the Potomac, and at 10 o’clock appeared at Metzerott Hall, where the Women’s National Council is holding its triennial.
“I’m not trying to make it out that this was a civics textbook example of how things should work out,” Mr. Duffy said, adding that in the end Ms. Wilson-Raybould did not give the company a break and the prosecution had continued.
He also applauded Sanchez’s frame of mind.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
“Part of what we wanted to accomplish was seamless training and introduction for our customers, so we purposely designed the airplane to behave in the same way,” Dennis A. Muilenburg, Boeing’s chief executive, said on CNBC in December in response to a question about whether the company wanted to hold down training costs.
“According to my mother‚ she believed that I will never come up with a song that surpasses my birth cry.
In the case of the high-speed rail project, designed to link the Central Valley with the Bay Area and Los Angeles, a C.E.Q.A.
Moreno solía escribir cartas y artículos de opinión para periódicos locales, en los que a menudo criticaba que España minimizaba el impacto de la era de Franco, el capítulo más doloroso de la historia moderna del país.
In a section that sounds written by Bush himself, and not by Mickey Herskowitz or Karen Hughes, the writer and press secretary he credits, he tells of his feelings about the death of his little sister Robin.
In this disorder, the pericardium is injured — usually by a viral infection — and as it heals, it shrinks.
He hasn’t had to use it.
Rather than struggling with his media foes in the quiet back room of a law firm, Mr. Bezos decided to do it the internet way — much as American Media’s BFF, President Trump, does — and just say it all out loud on Medium and Twitter.
When I stayed at the house in 2017, the stove was broken and you had to jiggle some of the toilet handles to get them to stop flushing.
“Black authors could not be published by white publications, white magazines or by white publishers,” Randall said in a 1973 interview with Speakeasy Culture, a literary publication out of Central Michigan University.
Justice Thomas wrote that he agreed with the court’s decision not to take up that question.
Watch fairs have been losing brand participation: This year, Van Cleef & Arpels bowed out of S.I.H.H., and both Audemars Piguet and Richard Mille have said that this will be their last year in Geneva.
Andrew M. Cuomo has confirmed he will sign the measure into law.
How will this hearing be remembered in this larger story?
That was in January 2006.
Mr. Hawthorne of Horizon said he anticipated the Wales plant could provide power at “a significant price reduction” compared with Hinkley Point.
With no major new releases to compete with, A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie’s “Hoodie SZN” holds the top spot for a second week with the equivalent of 56,000 sales in the United States, down 4 percent from last week, according to Nielsen.
But for visitors, what matters most is less quantifiable: Was the fair experience memorable?
Now these designers and their peers are trying to undo that damage.
“Western governments and commanders still don’t seem to have got the message that winning firefights is meaningless unless we can also achieve a real cultural, social and political engagement with local societies,” he said.
“Toy guns, particularly cap guns, were incredibly popular in the 1950s and 1960s, especially after the war in North Korea,” said Richard Gottlieb, founder of Global Toy Experts, a consulting company for toy manufacturers.
Had he been killed, the presidency would have fallen to Secretary of State John Hay, a Midwesterner who counted among his “dearest friends” every United States president who had been assassinated to that point.)
Osaka struggled with her composure early on against Sevastova in what turned out to be a prelude to a hissy fit.
These combined companies “have a bigger voice at the table,” said Ana Gupte, an analyst at SVB Leerink.
Let me tell you this, that’s what’s changed.
One approach involves cognitive behavioral therapy, which helps women navigate their feelings and expectations to create healthy, supportive environments for their children.
Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.
I needed to reflect on what happened in my life.” In Monterrey, he started revisiting people and places from his youth, like Ojo de Agua, a desert spring near his grandmother’s hometown, Lampazos de Naranjo, or scenes along the road from the Texas border, which he traveled by bus as a child.
But she is expected to by Friday.
She also prepared food for Mr. Trump.
And it’s about a doctor who promised a burn victim a 100% good hand and then grafted skin from the dude’s chest, and he ended up with a hairy hand.
But he is also a relatively inexperienced lawmaker who lost his Senate race against Ted Cruz.
Pre-sitcom fame, Romano was widely acknowledged as one of the best in the biz, able with just a few lines to get audiences rolling at his pointed observations about everyday family life.
The opening section, for three women and two men, is a black-and-white affair that offsets hyperextension and some rhythmic panache with flat-footed walking and other ostentatious casualness.
“I want to end nicely.
The Senate needs to approve the measure again, confirming its vote in December, to deliver a stunning rebuke to a president unyielding in his defense of Saudi Arabia, even after Saudi operatives murdered the Washington Post journalist Jamal Khashoggi in Istanbul in October.
“Hay un aprovechamiento de ciertos patronos ecuatorianos”, dice Eduardo Luján, abogado de la ACVE.
Moving along in the DC Comics universe, we have instead actors KEATON (23A), and my favorite nontheme entry in the whole puzzle, GAL GADOT (2D/51D).
Examples of a second species were found in Indonesia waters in the 1990’s.
Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.
Congress, like Mexico, will not pay for Mr. Trump’s wall.
Last year, the British government appointed a minister to deal with loneliness, which affects more than nine million people in the country.
Lotería 2,0 Hay una nueva versión del clásico juego mexicano en el que se proponen nuevos nombres para las tarjetas: “La campana” se convirtió en “La notification”.
“Estimamos que un 60 por ciento de las fallas e interrupciones en las líneas de Sudáfrica tienen que ver con la fauna salvaje”.
Robey-Coleman could have been called for pass interference or helmet-to-helmet contact, but instead was called for neither.
Mr. Moonves, 69, told CBS that he was demanding an arbitration hearing, according to a securities filing on Wednesday.
“I feel we are more unified,” Mr. Bates said.
— Edwin Alexis Gómez My son, Phil, and I came back to New York City from Seattle for the holidays.
And yet, I miss the old road trip and the way it could make you feel lost between here and the rest of your life.
Mr. Vetromile was last enrolled during the summer term in 2017, Mr. Colaneri in the fall semester of 2017 and Mr. Crysel in the spring of 2018, the spokeswoman said.
While Twitter does not mandate that people use their real names or photos on their accounts, the company forbids impersonation.
Ms. Park was ousted on corruption charges in March 2017 and Mr. Yang completed his six-year tenure six months later.
Bahia Amawi, an American speech pathologist of Palestinian descent, was recently terminated for refusing to sign a contract that contains an anti-boycott pledge stating that she does not, and will not, participate in boycotting the State of Israel.
Team Giannis Team LeBron Team Giannis Team LeBron Team Giannis Team LeBron Team Giannis Team LeBron Round Three — Ambassadors Team LeBron Cacciola: This is the most obvious pick in the entire draft this side of Anthony Davis.
— the foreign intelligence arm of the old K.G.B.
But if you earn a reward or bonus for simply opening an account — or referring a friend who opens a new account — that amount is considered to be taxable.
Empty offices and unanswered messages have compounded the confusion over the new law, which is called the First Step Act, as thousands of inmates, and their families, seek information about whether they will be set free.
Speaking of Canada: The country’s air traffic controllers sent hundreds of pizzas to their American counterparts, who have been working without pay during the partial government shutdown.
Ms. Nishimasa strapped on an apron and began chopping, fixing an array of dishes: marinated cucumber and tomato salad, mustard greens with sesame seeds, steamed squash and hot bowls of miso soup and rice.
And you don’t need to wait to be seated to enjoy it.
That Pentagon-funded research came after more than a decade of major military and scientific studies, dating back to the George W. Bush administration, that linked climate change to national security threats.
A pesar de las afirmaciones de Trump, nadie sabe cuántas personas saldrán el martes y cuántas más se unirán conforme los migrantes crucen por Guatemala, lleguen al sur de México y se abran paso hasta la frontera con Estados Unidos.
Even after Mr. Flynn left the White House in February 2017 under scrutiny by the F.B.I.
“I was born to be a teacher,” Mrs. Safford said.
In Rome in 1988, months before Vincent fell (or jumped) to his death, Guibert shot Vincent naked on an unmade bed, lit by a single table lamp.
For perspective: The Times published more than 55,000 articles in 2018, and more than 50 million words.
One group was affiliated with the F.S.B., Mr. Mikhailov’s agency, and the other with the Russian military intelligence organization known as the G.R.U., according to United States government officials and cybersecurity researchers who studied the breach.
Who else makes the final five is anybody’s guess.
The Nationals hoped to pay outfielder Bryce Harper even more, and it was widely reported that they offered him a 10-year, $300 million deal at the end of the 2018 season.
What are some of the joys and trials of raising children included in the game?
Esa actitud es típica de los atletas de élite, dijo Caroline Silby, una psicóloga estadounidense especializada en deportes que fue patinadora a nivel nacional.
The college football national championship game on Monday night matches two undefeated teams, Alabama and Clemson, both 14-0.
Maria Teresa Corujo, an activist, was the only member to vote against it.
This makes talking openly about the evident racism of our president harder than it should be.
The United States made it 2-0 on a power play at 4:20 of the second after Vitali Kravtsov was called for tripping.
recipients that he himself revoked.
Ann Arbor, Mich. A knitting cyber-friend hooked me up with Knitty magazine, whose editors were looking for someone to make a puzzle for their 10th anniversary issue.
But one stayed out of the spotlight: Joe Biden.
Can you make it simpler to apply for aid and pay back loans?” I want to be able to answer yes.
So close in age and skill sets, they first played as 13-year-olds at Les Petits As junior tournament in France.
They want to know, ‘Is it rent?’ ‘Do you not love us anymore?’ ‘Is it Park Slope?’ I say: ‘It’s not you, it’s us.
The company, for example, plans to introduce more hybrid and electric models.
She knew that the politics favored the Democrats, not Trump.
The university is looking to hire several tenure-track faculty members in computing this year, he said, but competition for top candidates is fierce.
“We all say we want what’s better for students,” Mr. Beutner said.
After running up and going into a deep crouch, Diallo exploded into the air, leaping over Shaquille O’Neal, the 7-foot-1 Hall of Fame center, clearing the big man’s head, and finishing the dunk with his hand plunged deep inside the basket.
After Golden State’s 122-95 rout of the Knicks on Tuesday night, Warriors Coach Steve Kerr would not make any promises but acknowledged that activating Cousins for either Jan. 18 or Jan. 21 is “definitely the range.” “It’s not as simple as, ‘That’s the game’ — it’s somewhere in that neighborhood,” Kerr said.
And that means fewer signposts to mark the long passage of time.
Soon after taking off on a cargo flight from Baghdad to Bahrain on Nov. 22, 2003, their Airbus A300 was hit by a surface-to-air missile launched by Iraqi insurgents.
And Samsung is also teasing a fifth device that can be folded and unfolded like a book to decrease or increase the phone’s screen size to suit its owner.
Go deeper: Here is a guide to Britain’s austerity program, introduced in 2010, and its profound effects, including cuts to the police that many police leaders say have led to rising crime.
“Do you realize that there are over 2,000 exonerees in the United States alone?” According to the National Registry of Exoneration, there are in fact 2,363 exonerees in the United States, which total 20,045 lost years of life.
Taxes: $3,385 (2017), plus $1,671 monthly homeowner’s fee Contact: Leigh Slaughter or Nevine Gargour, Long and Foster Real Estate, 202-420-1820; longandfoster.com For weekly email updates on residential real estate news, sign up here.
The parts he needs are not available in the United States, or are wildly expensive, he said.
They were accused of spreading the sexual infection to hapless men, who then spread it to their innocent wives and babies.” On the pretext of protecting the public, human rights abuses became rampant.
“For all his faults and flaws, Peña Nieto captured Chapo and extradited him, knowing full well that any information would filter out,” said Alejandro Hope, a security expert with a Mexican consulting firm, the Group of Economists and Associates.
“Mies Julie” is Yael Farber’s muscular and moving 2012 adaptation of his drama “Miss Julie,” set in post-apartheid South Africa as a white landowner’s daughter and a black servant navigate their mutual attraction.
Sayid Akbar Agha, a former Taliban official who still has contacts with the group, also confirmed the move, saying, “Mullah Baradar reached Doha an hour ago, and he will take part in peace talks with Khalilzad.” Kai Eide, a former United Nations envoy to Afghanistan who was involved in some of the earliest peace contacts with the Taliban, said Mullah Baradar’s arrival to join the Taliban’s negotiators based in Doha was an encouraging sign that the insurgency’s top leadership was directly engaging in talks.
“They don't stay in there for very long, it’s barely a minute,” he said.
Although she is only 5-5, Barty leads the WTA Tour in second serve points won, using her heavy kick serve to pull the returner out of position and then attacking the first ball with her powerful forehand.
Also, I want to live in a world where you can be kind to people and they can be kind to you if you have different political views.
If the stars align, GKids could release a Ponoc film and Miyazaki’s latest “last” film at the same time.
None of them were black.
Ms. Johnson, 43, an event planner and human relations consultant who lives in Alabama, decided to ignore the episode and move on, but changed her mind months later after The Washington Post published video that showed Mr. Trump using vulgar language to describe unwanted groping and kissing.
An email sent to a Southern Company spokesman requesting comment on the violations was not answered.
For one, there’s a major bus stop in the middle of Insurgentes where streetcars once ran.
That made me shy away from touring.
“I bring greetings from the 45th president of the United States of America: President Donald Trump,” Mr. Pence said.
And in Chicago, city leaders deployed buses as mobile warming centers and offered tips on how to thaw frozen pipes (hair dryers work well, they said, but don’t use an open flame).
Long inspired by the moody compositions of the contemporary painter and sculptor Anselm Kiefer, her reputation was made with her sludgy interiors and furnishings — a rebuke to British designers striving to brighten things up with shiny surfaces and white walls.
“It is a truth that isn’t often spoken in this part of the world, but because I’m a military man by training, I’ll be very blunt and direct today: America is a force for good in the Middle East.
On “Silences,” she sings about fear, love, death, salvation, the devil, artistic compromise, a woman’s self-determination, the allure of the city and solitude as a refuge.
“The World Bank’s biggest borrower is China,” Mr. Malpass said.
Middle girl Lia is the one most often left love-deficient — which has devastating effects when King vanishes and, later, three strangers come to the island.
The dissent was centered in large part on the look-back window.
Mr. Brochez could not immediately be reached for comment on Monday.
[AUDIO PLAYBACK] Some in this chamber are new to the House and the Senate, and I congratulate the Democrat majority.
Illinois and four other states — Hawaii, Massachusetts, New York and Pennsylvania — also provide statutory mechanisms for felons to turn over illegally possessed weapons, though the procedures are not as stringent.
— Joseph Foglietta, Danvers, MA The family we create by choice are just as important as the people who we are directly related to by blood.
Many of the newly elected members had campaigned calling for change in Washington and for a new generation of leadership for their party, and had promised not to vote for Ms. Pelosi.
Alfonso Ribeiro, the actor who played Carlton on the show, is one of several performers who have sued video game makers in recent months saying that dances, which can be purchased and then performed by avatars in games, have been stolen from them.
The vice president of China, Wang Qishan, whose own country has been accused of running roughshod over foreign competitors and global business rules, nonetheless condemned “practices of the strong bullying the weak and self-claimed supremacy.” Carrie Lam, the chief executive of Hong Kong, said that certain countries were drifting from the multilateral framework of the past few decades.
Ms. Ocasio-Cortez’s policy adviser, Dan Riffle, contends that “every billionaire is a policy failure” (that’s the tagline on his Twitter handle) because “the acquisition of that much wealth has bad consequences” and “a moral society needs guardrails against it.” He’d like to see the 2020 Democratic primary contenders answer a question: Can it be morally appropriate for anyone to be a billionaire?
The list of recent North Korean demands was a clear indicator of how the summit meeting in Singapore last June altered the optics of the relationship more than the reality.
As a Society News reporter at The New York Times, I’ve covered more than 7,000 weddings across three decades, from the current president’s son to the son of a gun who refused to submit a photo, he said, “because, to tell you the truth, my fiancée and I are not very good looking.” If I may be a bit lyrical here: I’ve also married, in print at least, scores of doctors, lawyers, handymen and corporate chiefs, as well as athletes, bartenders, mortgage lenders and father-daughter pastors with conflicting theological beliefs.
Rhiannon (Angourie Rice), a shy high school student, is delightfully surprised when her self-centered boyfriend, Justin (Justice Smith), suddenly showers her with compassion.
He was the confidant of then-candidate Trump, talking to him by phone, being a sort of back channel of advice outside official campaign communications.
For smaller surgical procedures, he said, they should be used as “rescue” drugs when others fail, not as the predominant agents.
23 North Carolina State (16-6, 4-5) lost at home to No.
Under the hood my cholesterol is higher, as is my calcium level, an indicator of heart attack risk.
Though an unusual storytelling strategy, this third-person self is not unprecedented in the annals of autobiographical writing.
In 2018, a coroner ruled that a more timely medical transfer could have prevented the death of Hamid Khazaei, an Iranian asylum seeker detained on Manus, from a leg infection.
A lot of people of color in the assistants’ pools are first-generation college students.
Engineers scrambled to figure out what had gone wrong and whether Opportunity was susceptible to the same flaw.
Many seem to play a role in brain tissues, and others are already known to be central to the body’s circadian rhythm.
“It’s Morris dancing, actually,” Ms. Merry said, although Morris dancing never looked quite as radically wackadoodle as it does on @boss.morris.
The color images are quintessential Parr: where hues, gestures and expressions collide to highlight the farcical.
The star floated big ideas about her career prospects in their earliest messages, eventually suggesting that she and another teenager start a band that he could produce.
Scrumptious colors, magnificent sets and upbeat modern music aside, what’s impressive about “Marie Antoinette” is Coppola’s attitude — a bold refusal to Frenchify or even periodize her knockout cast, which stars Kirsten Dunst in the title role and Jason Schwartzman as her husband, the future Louis XVI.
3 Republican, said Tuesday it was “unlikely” the Senate would take them up.
Want more Australia coverage and discussion?
Many online media companies have their own internal content review teams, sometimes numbering in the thousands.
We can’t track knowledge work the way we did factory work.
Other tales focus on homely simplicity.
was first proposed in 1923 but wasn’t passed by Congress until 1972.
Bushwhacker was retired in 2014 after 64 “outs,” or times he had entered the arena with a cowboy on his back.
“The best counterterrorism force is a government including the Taliban that wants to cooperate,” Mr. Rubin said.
A sprinkling of Richard Wright’s haikus appear throughout the book’s 10 thematically organized sections, creating witty respites amid the longer verse.
(The embedded slide show has all the red carpet looks.)
“When I was thinking of some edgier types of tuxedos, I didn’t want the look to be like I was going to a cocktail party,” said Mr. DiGuilmi, 53, a vice president for brand marketing at a financial services company.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
The report includes government claims of insurgent casualty figures, but in most cases these cannot be independently verified by The Times.
After leaving the Guggenheim, several dozen people marched down Fifth Avenue carrying a banner that read “Shame on Sackler.” They stopped outside the Met, where some of them spoke about the toll that opioid addiction has taken.
“The people who visit because of social media won’t come back if the product isn’t great.” “You need someone behind the counter to say with a smile, ‘Good morning, how can I help you?
Ms. McSally, an Air Force veteran, was narrowly defeated in a statewide race last year by Senator Kyrsten Sinema.
The other, smaller universe is the usual audience for Wine School.
It’s well into the afternoon in Hong Kong as Europe begins its day.
Carlos Manuel Álvarez evalúa las implicaciones de la nueva carta magna de Cuba aprobada el domingo por el 87 por ciento de los electores de la isla en un referendo.
Each of the meetings on Infantino’s tour, including the most recent one held in Marrakesh, Morocco, has included about 50 federation leaders from across soccer’s six regional confederations.
Not only will this benefit students but it will also benefit the entire school as well.
Those are the traits that teams need to overcome these challenges, to shine on these stages, to thrive in this competition, just as much as they need star power and sublime skill.
Another proclaims (right side up) that “this is a French film, and proud of it.” What does that mean?
For example, the United States should eliminate the provision that forgives unpaid capital gains taxes on assets held at death.
CARAMANICA Dawn (Richard, from Danity Kane) promises a weekend-long sexual marathon in “Sauce,” invoking Rihanna, La Perla and the Kentucky Derby over a slow, undulating trap beat.
I started getting a couple of birdies to recover from that bogey, and then from there, I was ready to go and made a lot of birdies.” Lewis had not played on the L.P.G.A.
Subscribe: iTunes | Google Play Music | How to Listen “We’re all very good at leading our daily lives, our private lives, and setting aside the things that we don’t want to know about in the broader world,” Andrew Delbanco says on this week’s podcast.
On Tuesday, two American brands with outlets in Myanmar defended their participation in Nightfest.
Every order of Chickenjoy comes with gravy, whether you order a side of mashed potatoes or not.
Critics say he targeted political opponents in his antigraft inquiries.
She continued tweaking the designs and kept them in her collections, and demand only continued to rise.
The opera, directed by Elkhanah Pulitzer, will serve as the finale of Jaap van Zweden’s first season as the Philharmonic’s music director, and he will conduct a cast that includes the moving bass-baritone Eric Owens.
In a review of the Finnish scheme last year, the organization warned that implementing it nationally and cost-neutrally for the state would imply significant income redistribution, especially toward couples from single people, and increase poverty.
The identity of the person or people behind @2020fight remains unknown.
He was chosen to deliver the Democrats’ Spanish-language response to the State of the Union, a practice that dates back to 2011, and is seen as a kind of audition for ambitious political figures.
But some things haven’t changed.
Some may be connected to a broader anti-vaccination movement, including concerns that vaccines lead to autism, an idea that has been widely debunked.
But there, I’ve said too much.
Her radishes are so petite and round and clean.
Whether frog or toad or hippo or human, you could only genuinely engage with others by first becoming fully and openly yourself.
An offer to Venezuela: The pope also expressed a willingness to mediate in Venezuela’s political crisis if asked by President Nicolás Maduro and the opposition leader, Juan Guaidó.
It is likely a fragment that coalesced more than 4.5 billion years ago and which has remained in the deep freeze of the solar system’s Kuiper belt ever since.
What pizza “no no’s” do you abide by?
The actresses ANN Miller and ANN Blyth are worth looking up.
More than 60 of these surprise broadcasts have been recorded so far.
A commission led by retired Adm. Dennis Blair and former U.S. ambassador to China Jon Huntsman estimated in 2017 that the annual loss to the U.S. economy from Chinese intellectual property theft was between $225 billion and $600 billion.
For instance, you “might do one wall of a walk-in shower in a particular shape, like hexagons,” said Jamie Chappell, the creative director of the San Francisco company Fireclay Tile.
Here are some of the biggest steps states have taken recently on climate policy.
The group’s clout is also not yet clear.
Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.
Do Children Get a Subpar Education in Yeshivas?
“You can’t be persuasive if the other person doesn’t understand you,” he says.
Justice Thomas did not address objections to modern civil forfeiture practices on Wednesday.
became targets in a retaliation campaign by the F.S.B.
Además, cuando los maridos no cumplen con sus expectativas, las mujeres son las que promueven esta nueva cultura de las separaciones.
The Myers-Briggs Type Indicator assigns personality types based on answers to a series of questions.
At a time when the real N.B.A.
With their street murals and independent designers, the narrow lanes of the medieval Patershol neighborhood showcase Ghent’s creative side.
As the writer Steve Almond observed in a recently published essay, “He appears powerful to his followers, which is central to his strongman mystique.” Trump was and is a perverse gift to the mainstream, establishment media, a magnet for eyeballs at a juncture when we were struggling economically and desperately needed one.
Analysis: Mrs. May, who has remained “indestructible” in “the bizarro world that is British politics,” might go down in history books for her resilience.
It was like I was in Candy Land, and then I stepped into Tron.
He wanted people to feel like this was their living room and they could party, which is why there aren’t that many.
Amazon declined to comment for this article.
The statement said the airstrike targeted Taliban insurgents firing from a house.
GOFFLE BROOK park Wayne 208 Goffle Brook Hawthorne station Paterson Passaic R. By The New York Times “When we’re on the porch, we look out at the park,” Ms. Toledo said.
Así que a los republicanos en realidad no les importa endeudarse para pagar si de verdad quieren algo.
As an additional precaution, Jerusalem is spending an estimated $600 million to replace about 20 kilometers of the fence with a concrete wall, mainly to provide greater peace of mind to the 162,000 Israelis who live near the Lebanese border.
I’m also interested to see if he says anything about Mr. Brown’s troubled high-speed train between San Francisco and Los Angeles.
Product from RCA or LG TELEVISION SET 47A.
■ Geoffrey A. Fowler of The Washington Post wrote an excellent column about the ethical questions we should be asking ourselves as video doorbells and connected security cameras have become the fastest-growing smart home tech.
One example cited by the prosecution: “Sissy” was a favorite Rooseveltian insult.
As the industry swells, dozens of health and wellness companies are tapping the trend.
Held in the farmhouse’s courtyard every Tuesday from 3:30 p.m. to 8 p.m., the market sells fruits, vegetables, honey, wine, cheese and meats from the farmland in Milan’s outskirts — all available directly from the producers.
In midyear Mr. Mekas’s backward glances took an unwelcome turn.
And promise u again will do my best to guarantee our new deal more happy and more perfect of meeting Mr.super star Salman Khan as you wish dream to become true as well same first deal of Mr. Sharokhan.
At least 413 migrants were found dead along the border in 2018, according to a preliminary count by the International Organization for Migration, up from 412 in 2017 and 399 in 2016.
It is tempting to believe Brady can keep up even if the game turns into a shootout, but Aaron Donald, the Rams’ standout defensive tackle, is perhaps the perfect disrupter for New England’s offense.
“It kind of explained away everything for me,” Scott said.
“No existe una alternativa al dólar”, se lamentó Mark Blyth, economista político internacional de la Universidad de Brown.
“Consigue una funda para celular que tenga un aro de luz, y ningún lugar será un mal lugar”, dijo Morris.
Their photographs exude warmth and empathy.
The controversies of last year, when just one woman won a solo award during the telecast — and the outgoing head of the Recording Academy, the organization behind the awards, remarked that women in music should “step up” to advance their careers — were never far from the surface of the show.
Gymnastics, often under the guise of performing a medical exam.
Dak Prescott passed for 266 yards, and he rushed for a touchdown with 2 minutes 11 seconds to play, but the Cowboys could not climb out after falling into a 23-7 hole midway through the third quarter.
The practice, known as civil forfeiture, is a popular way to raise revenue and is easily abused, and it has been the subject of widespread criticism across the political spectrum.
She is the daughter of Cynthia L. D’Alfonso and Claudio D’Alfonso of New Windsor, N.Y.
The tweaks have made skin look porcelain-smooth; cheeks appear eerily stubble-free, even if these men were young and diligent about shaving.
And one of them says, yo, Swizz is my cousin.
The country was at the height of its so-called culture wars, in which religious and parental crusaders sought to rid public institutions and the national airwaves of allegedly morally dubious work.
Mikael Backlund and Rasmus Andersson scored early in the third period Tuesday night for the Calgary Flames, who won their sixth consecutive game with a 3-1 victory over the New York Islanders at Nassau Coliseum.
But the cafe is open only for breakfast and lunch.
), then in 2002 to Teen Vogue.
Burberry mohair and silk scarf, $742 at farfetch.com.
So we can but try with emotion.” “We know this is funny,” she added.
Are you getting the message?
But it’s worth the wait.
“When it comes to tackling, it is a safer practice and a better practice,” he said of the rugby-style technique.
“Score that a win for Putin,” tweeted Michael A. McFaul, a former United States ambassador to Russia, referring to the Rusal share price surge.
From Opinion: Apple’s announcement about missing its revenue targets suggests the current wave of innovation is waning, our columnist writes in an Op-Ed.
To essentially say ‘just kidding’ and toss it aside is extremely disconcerting.” Payday loans are effectively illegal in about 20 states, but in the rest, they are profitable and popular: Americans borrowed nearly $29 billion from payday lenders in 2017, paying $5 billion in fees, according to estimates by John Hecht, an analyst at the financial services firm Jefferies.
Sin embargo, para muchos, esas penurias parecieron momentáneas y menos amenazadoras que las condiciones que habían dejado en casa.
First came dire warnings that the Metropolitan Transportation Authority needed so much money that even with a fare increase, service cuts might be necessary.
That Britain will crash out of Europe absent a deal, unleashing chaos on world markets, is an increasingly imaginable possibility.
Mr. Trump has yet to follow through on his threat, and Mr. Lighthizer continues trying to work with Democrats to get the new trade deal approved.
“The language of the denial letters demonstrates that they marked the department’s final determination,” he wrote, pointing to “definitive” and “unambiguous” language.
Should I give up, or should I keep trying?
But not today’s Republican Party.
“As the first African-American woman to establish an advertising agency, she succeeded in a field which was — and continues to be — quite exclusionary with respect to women of color in high positions.” Ms. Proctor, who started her company with no capital or experience as a chief executive, was matter-of-fact about her leap of faith.
Fourteen injured miners were rescued on the island of Sulawesi after the slide, which was set off on Tuesday evening by the collapse of a supporting beam in a hole they were digging, said Sutopo Purwo Nugroho, the spokesman for Indonesia’s disaster management agency.
Craft “has done an outstanding job representing our Nation and I have no doubt that, under her leadership, our Country will be represented at the highest level.” Ms. Craft’s elevation to the ambassador post at the 193-member United Nations would fill one yawning vacancy in the Trump administration’s diplomatic corps but leave another in Canada, where the relationship with the United States under Mr. Trump has been buffeted by trade disputes and other issues.
Now, with the government in the middle of its longest-ever shutdown, his State of the Union address has been delayed indefinitely.
While Ms. Teuscher may be constrained by an agreement, they doubted that her child could be.
“He knows more about physics than I do,” Greenhouse said.
‘Nocturnal Animals’Starts streaming: Feb. 1 For his follow-up to the impeccable 2009 debut feature “A Single Man,” the designer turned director Tom Ford stirred some controversy with “Nocturnal Animals,” a neo-noir that opens with a much-talked-about montage of women dancing in the nude and gets more provocative from there.
“We are in the process of gathering information to determine what policies and procedures were in place during the time period in which these events are alleged to have occurred, and whether they were activated and followed,” said Michael Schoenfeld, a spokesman for Duke.
One performance of “Die Walküre” that was being broadcast live to cinemas worldwide was delayed nearly an hour because the “Machine,” as it became known, wouldn’t cooperate.
Despite my frustrations and deep concern with certain inaccuracies and misrepresentations that have been spread, I still believe that justice will be served.” In a “Good Morning America” interview, broadcast on Feb. 14, Mr. Smollett said: “It feels like if I had said it was a Muslim, or a Mexican, or someone black, I feel like the doubters would have supported me much more.” [Read more about the “Good Morning America” interview.]
I cannot see them, but I can feel them.
She’s been a punch line for most of her adult life, after she cut off her husband’s penis 26 years ago.
Waze gets in the way, police say: The Police Department wants the Google-owned app to stop sharing locations of drunk-driving checkpoints.
In none of the instances, the police said, did they observe sexual intercourse.
And technology, Ms. Freeland Fisher writes in “Who You Know: Unlocking Innovations That Expand Students’ Networks,” can be a powerful tool in that effort.
At that time, an angry mob stormed the headquarters of the national television station and set the building ablaze.
But as the drama travels through time, the story changes.
Gomez soon turned his attention to a new client.
‘2 Dope Queens’ When to watch: Friday at 11 p.m., on HBO.
3, dropped out of the top 250 last season, when he had surgery on his left knee.
In 2009, Shyne — a protégé of Sean Combs — was deported to Belize, where he was born, not long after completing his sentence for attempted murder, assault and reckless endangerment related to the infamous 1999 shooting at Club New York (which also involved Combs and his girlfriend at the time, Jennifer Lopez).
Mr. Trump’s lawyers liked the lawmakers’ campaign to erode Americans’ confidence in the F.B.I., the federal government’s premier law enforcement agency.
I understand how the San Diego fans feel, I can’t change that.
A muchas mujeres en enclaves de África occidental se les ha inculcado durante siglos que deben tolerar los malos matrimonios.
Still, photographic reportage has the power to quicken the conscience and motivate political commitments.
It would let her know that he hadn’t been forthcoming with her, which might seriously disrupt a relationship you know nothing about.
La tercera fase ha sido la imposición de un estado de excepción de facto cuando, sin declarar un estado de emergencia, la Policía Nacional prohibió las marchas cívicas y eliminó los derechos de reunión, petición y libre movilización que tutela la constitución.
Over the holidays, amid criticism of this abrupt announcement of withdrawing American troops from Syria, Mr. Trump escalated his attacks, condemning the “failed generals” who had overseen Middle East engagements.
She said that the woman replied, “‘It’s O.K.
(In another quirk, American studios can dictate where their films compete, hence the classification of “A Star Is Born” as a drama and not a musical.)
Los primeros cimientos vienen de la investigación del procurador especial Robert Mueller sobre los vínculos de la campaña de Trump con Rusia.
He entered an apprenticeship program at Patek Philippe, and later worked for BNB Concept, a specialist movement manufacturer, and the celebrated independent Swiss watchmaker François-Paul Journe.
To the assembled crowd about 500, which included almost 200 people waiting outside, she spoke of her Oklahoma roots and her family’s humble upbringing.
While transportation accounts for only about 6 percent of the world’s food-related greenhouse gas emissions, not all modes of travel are equal.
They had lived in Chinatown for more than 25 years.
At least not for everyone.
Despite a couple of 50-win seasons, in 2000 and 2013, the Knicks’ winning percentage this century is .416, worst in the N.B.A.
The company will show in Paris this season.)
The silhouettes evoked Hitchcock heroines — neat twin sets with feathered skirts, swinging coats in emerald mohair — but there were Victorian notes too, including opulent embroideries and velvet bows.
But even if Pheu Thai then manages to form a government — with or without other, minor, parties — its fortunes will be in the hands of various oversight bodies dominated by the military.
The bar’s cocktail menu is the work of Bobby Heugel, the man who has virtually remade Houston’s drinking scene through innovative concoctions at his bars Anvil and The Pastry War.
On Friday, Mr. Avenatti said that the video depicted oral, vaginal and anal sex, and that Mr. Kelly urinates on the girl.
Locals know his cooking from his days at Mangal Kebab, where he worked for a cousin; when the restaurant was sold a couple of years ago, Mr. Akdas left to find a place of his own.
The Knicks are only 25th.
27-seeded Camila Giorgi and No.
Then on Dec. 14, she tweeted a 30-second clip of herself singing a song from “A Star Is Born.” Her singing was so good, Ms. Zegler has now been cast to play Maria in Steven Spielberg’s upcoming remake of “West Side Story,” reportedly beating out 30,000 others who auditioned.
Within weeks, he was hired in New York, eventually becoming acting chief of staff and then a senior adviser to Mr. de Blasio.
Many middle-aged marathon runners and other endurance athletes are familiar with concerns from their loved ones — and occasionally their physicians — that they might be exercising too much and straining or harming their hearts.
And more than half of the value produced by the nation’s agricultural sector is generated by a small fraction of very large farms, 2,660 acres on average.
Mr. Sweeney’s resignation follows a number of recent high-profile departures from the Trump administration, including that of Mr. Mattis.
Ms. Athill’s renown came with “Somewhere Towards the End,” the sixth — though by no means the last — volume of her autobiography.
With a celebrity chef cooking his dishes, Halpern wanted to know how his decades-old recipes held up.
The worse part is more complicated, and requires more thoughtful consideration than it gets: Leaks often violate laws against hacking or theft and invade people’s privacy, not always with any higher purpose.
For more news on climate and the environment, follow @NYTClimate on Twitter.
Her motto as the head of juvenile books at Harper & Brothers (later Harper & Row) from 1940 through 1973 was “Good books for bad children.” This was partly a matter of temperament; she was a tough broad.
“The Future of Capitalism” is rife with inventive proposals, including the creation of a new international body that would coordinate the diplomatic efforts of the world’s great powers; reforming corporate boards; establishing socioeconomically integrated schools built around distinctive “belief systems” and much else.
They get to do it by taking care of themselves along the way.
In 2004, an investigation by the Justice Department’s Office of Inspector General found that discipline was not fairly imposed and that wardens had far too much influence in the process.
Ireland has become a standard-bearer in advocating for victims, in part because abuse so thoroughly devastated the church.
Soderbergh shot this movie on an iPhone, adding a documentary immediacy.
Read more » Most whales and dolphins vocalize.
In conversations we had during the campaign, at the same time I was actively negotiating in Russia for him, he would look me in the eye and tell me, “There’s no Russian business,” and then go on to lie to the American people by saying the same thing.
(Vatican City has walls, but they do not enclose the entire territory and visitors can easily enter some parts.)
You are not allowed to have private time with your friends around you, so the control system of North Korean society is really unimaginable.
After initially acknowledging that it was him in the photograph and apologizing, the governor reversed course on Saturday and said he was sure it was not him.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
Quarters, owned by the Berlin-based co-living operator Medici Living Group, holds a master lease for the residential portion until 2027.
These trails, which can be walked in a few hours, include the Black Heritage Trail on Beacon Hill in Boston; a self-guided tour of antislavery sites in Concord, Mass.
It’s not uncommon for people to set unrealistic expectations when making New Year’s resolutions, which likely contributes to most of them failing.
He had never heard of the diagnosis: Nash, for nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, a fatty liver disease not linked to alcoholism or infections.
Prince William, who has long spoken publicly about his emotional struggles, has taken his campaign for mental health awareness to Davos, Switzerland, urging global leaders to help break the stigma.
Nor, as the maestro, can John Noble (Walter Bishop on “Fringe”) scrape up much fire from the character’s two modes: pathos and dudgeon.
Dos meses después del asalto a Confidencial y Esta Semana, dirijo desde el exilio en Costa Rica una redacción que se mantiene disgregada entre Nicaragua, bajo el asedio del régimen, y en cuatro países, por razones de seguridad.
I can’t think of a better way to go.”
rules official disseminated the video of Fowler playing the hole, noting that he could have avoided the second penalty by making his first two drops, then using a tee to mark the spot where he intended to place the ball.
Gunna is not the first rapper to retreat into the warm cocoon of pure tones.
That has left Washington, D.C., and dozens of other cities testing self-driving cars and Orlando trying to harness its sunshine to power electric vehicles.
The announcement came after the first court session in the case.
I just don’t get it.
“This is a different plan, I think, than previous congestion-pricing plans,” Mr. Cuomo said in a radio interview.
I was totally stumped by “orange ball.” I got FIVE on crosses and it didn’t occur to me until 3 a.m., or thereabouts, that Mr. McCarty meant the number on the orange ball in billiards.
“The Pensieve is enchanted to recreate memories so that they become re-liveable,” Ms. Rowling said on Pottermore.com, “taking every detail stored in the subconscious and recreating it faithfully, so that either the owner, or (and herein lies the danger) a second party, is able to enter the memories and move around within them.
A group of Kazakh intellectuals recently called for Atajurt to be closed, saying the group harms Kazakhstan’s relationship with China.
The researchers, led by Christine Carmichael, a postdoctoral associate at the University of Vermont, conducted interviews with more than 40 Detroit residents.
“We need to be working ourselves out of a hole,” he added.
The State Department has refused because Mr. Guaidó has asked the diplomats to stay.
Then the real estate agent who is their first contact in the city could easily become more than the person who found them a place to hang their hat.
“In general, do not use a comma before and or or in a series: The snow stalled cars, buses and trains,” our stylebook says.
capabilities and is unlikely to completely give up its nuclear weapons and production capabilities.” “We’re well on our way to get denuclearization and the agreement says there will be total denuclearization.
This is more or less deliberate.
In it, she sees the specter of the 1980 Gwangju Uprising, a sustained protest against South Korea’s military government that resulted in hundreds of civilian deaths: “I remember being glued to the television … and surprising myself with the words that sprang from my mouth: But that’s Gwangju.
Lanvin’s relatively small perfume business, including its classic Arpège fragrance, is under license to Interparfums.
At the time of McConville’s disappearance, Dolours was a vibrant 21-year-old and, like her younger sister, Marian, an enthusiastic member of the Irish Republican Army.
You sit down and you are literally facing a stranger.
¿Porque cambiarán de forma drástica nuestras sociedades?
Later, they are told, “If you read this book being tickled, I dare you not to laugh.” Stimulated from awareness to empathic interest, my kids were enraptured, aware the book was talking about itself, directly to them.
Dos años después, Yalitza acaba de ser nominada como mejor actriz en los Oscar, la primera vez que eso ocurre para una mujer indígena y la segunda nominación para una mexicana, (la primera fue Salma Hayek por Frida).
The office is almost all box — furniture, printers (regular and 3-D), computer, at least 13 hard drives and four routers.
The rising scourge of domestic hate has been underscored by particularly heinous acts in the past few years.
It certainly was in my case.
That was thanks in part to Captain Mariner, who had been working with members of Congress and a Defense Department advisory board to overturn the regulations that kept women from combat.
But it’s too early to say, I think.
One of the skeptics at that Alzheimer’s meeting was Sangram Sisodia, a neurobiologist at the University of Chicago.
That helps explain why American workers’ wages have been rising relatively slowly despite a low unemployment rate.
It will wake you right up.” Julie Yip-Williams died on March 19, 2018.
“That explains roughly half the decline in the risk-adjusted readmission rate,” Dr. Ody said.
Mr. Carter also suggested the new venture might be like the weekend edition of the Financial Times, which he loves, but “is hard to get — you’ve got to be in the metropolitan city, it’s $7, or at least it is where I spend the weekends in the country, you’ve got to get out of your pajamas to get it.” He and Ms. Stanley plan to start out with a small team of editors, many of them young, hoping to reach members of the Snapchat generation as well as people old enough to share Mr. Carter’s romantic associations with those old-school Air Mail envelopes with the red and blue borders, which he still uses for bookmarks.
Watching is The New York Times’s TV and film recommendation website.
Ms. O’Brien had spent the last several months persuading precinct chairs to oppose Dr. Shafi, and she was able to gain another 48 dissenters by Thursday night.
Unless Russia returns to compliance, the United States will withdraw from the treaty effective in six months, according to the treaty’s terms.
He led the team in catches (71), yards from scrimmage (1,169) and all-purpose yardage (1,599), and was voted onto the All-Pro team as punt returner.
When I’ve blown through my Netflix queue and can’t find anything on screen (or off) to hold my attention, I pull out a board game.
Advisers close to Ms. Warren said she has long expressed private concern that she may have damaged her relationships to Native American groups and her own standing with activists, particularly those who are racial minorities.
“Behind those glasses were the most beautiful eyes I had ever seen in a man.
He has several stories about confrontations with homophobes, including one on a subway and another on Twitter, but they end with his defeating them with his quick wit.
Once we get them there, it’s more important than trying to make another 25 or 30 bucks a ticket.
“I thought he was one of the most innovative jewelers.
“I’m not buying new plastic,” she said.
“But the point is, you’ve already won if you have people who are singing your songs word for word, you don’t need this right here,” he added, holding up the Grammy.
[Si quieres recibir los mejores reportajes de The New York Times en Español en tu correo, suscríbete aquí a El Times] En un valle frondoso rodeado por los Andes peruanos —tras dos compuertas de seguridad, cercas altas, alambre de púas y una rigurosa revisión— trece mujeres se disponían a trabajar arduamente.
If the board votes on a fare proposal next month, it is unlikely to take effect before April.
director in 2017, the bureau began investigating whether the president had acted on behalf of Russia.
Some people subjected to an exit ban have been imprisoned, including Ms. Han, a naturalized American citizen who was arrested and sent to a secret prison days after the family arrived in China in June to visit a sick relative.
D’Alesandro was a loyal New Deal Democrat, just as Pelosi — the first daughter to follow her father into Congress — is a resolute liberal.
There is nothing in his adult history to indicate he is anything but an ardent supporter of the civil rights of African-Americans.
One witness, Kan Cheng, said she saw as many as nine undercover police officers beating two young people near the bank’s broken door.
President Trump was the fourth to test that proposition, but with a twist: Engaging in the sort of direct talks that his predecessors shunned, the president traveled 8,000 miles for his second summit meeting in less than a year with Kim Jong-un, the North Korean leader, betting that his self-described skills as a master negotiator would make all the difference.
She paused occasionally to greet regulars; as diners hugged her, she teared up and wiped her eyes.
From childhood he was considered a genius.
Behind her icy blond beauty and garçonne figure — she was a sought-after model in New York and Paris, where she spent years hobnobbing with Surrealists and the staff of French Vogue — she was one of the few women journalists accredited to cover World War II.
“She’s been through so much over the years.
It is not always about grabbing power.
“I had my orders to go when Truman dropped the bomb on the Japanese, and that ended World War II,” he said in a 2006 oral interview with the Edward M. Kennedy Institute for the United States Senate.
ANTHONY TOMMASINI Janacek’s earthy, poignant, sophisticated but accessible operas have been Met highlights almost whenever they’ve appeared.
But women who have social networks that resemble their male counterparts are more likely to hold low-ranking positions.
Separates and dresses range from $2,000 to $8,000, most are about $3,500.
“Pensé: ‘¡No otra vez, Dios mío!’”.
“I had to clear my throat a couple of times.” A big cheer had gone up when Mr. Myrie was sworn in, and then he and his friends and family crowded the dais for a photo.
Carvajal contó que su equipo había interceptado un envío de 400 kilogramos de cocaína que llegó al rancho en un avión pequeño.
“No, no, I’m going to stop you right there, Phil,” he said.
His company estimated, for example, that an award mile was worth 1.4 cents on Southwest Airlines in 2018 and 0.7 cents on American.
“She didn’t cross those lines that needed to be crossed to be an elite athlete,” Gracie said of her twin.
What I really wanted to do was say, “Sam’s a mess.
Taylor Hartley Foxman and Sebastian Maximilian Weiner were married Feb. 13 at the Manhattan Marriage Bureau.
Tony Angelotti ha dirigido el esfuerzo para conseguir respaldo para Green Book; él ayudó a Weinstein a llevar a la victoria filmes como El paciente inglés y Shakespeare enamorado en los noventa.
Amazon’s movie operation has recently shown signs of life.
Al ver Glass, es posible sentir mucha empatía por todos los personajes, a medida que la historia llega a su conclusión.
But there was an option for a beach ride, and five of us signed waivers exempting TDA for any mishaps on our detour.
He and his older brother, Jamie, were young students at Dunblane Primary School in their Scottish town in 1996 when a local resident entered the grounds and murdered 16 of their schoolmates and a teacher before shooting himself.
“But ‘Chinese pianist’ — a lot of people have very negative connotations.
But Ms. Tosi was particularly driven.
Tuesday, Feb. 5, 2019 | New York City A rare convergence of experts on the human costs of war will discuss the often-ignored outgrowth of the global war on terror: two decades of civilian casualties.
A rival group representing professional drivers criticized the Machinists for creating a so-called company union — federal law prohibits unions that companies fund or control, though the law applies only to workers who are employees.
“Apollo,” with its mythological characters and sportive 1920s moves, is classic: antique without being antiquated.
Citing a nondisclosure agreement, he refused to identify the financial backers of the proposal, which are believed to include not only SoftBank but also financing from the Middle East, which Infantino eventually denied were directly linked to sovereign wealth funds.
into gender baskets are silly and at least ahistorical.
Dominique Browning is the senior director and a co-founder of Moms Clean Air Force.
Still, they tend to heed her when she urges them to be as bold.
When “Fleabag” came out, critics were fixated on how sexually explicit it was, which is ironic because the sexual bravado is the character’s disguise, her way of preventing anyone from really seeing her.
I wanted to make a movie that felt the way it feels to read James Baldwin.
Syncopating her rhymes rapidly and precisely over the tricky beat, Noname touches on her success without a record label, African-American representation on TV, mass incarceration, Christmas and all the direct messages she has ignored, among other things.
Algunos usan sensores eléctricos para leer los químicos.
There have been attempts to recast baldness as a badge of superiority.
On Tuesday morning, senior aides to the governor and mayor talked by phone with Mr. Huseman about next steps, including how to promote the jobs that the company was planning for New York.
And in upstate New York, Pam Moore was feeding hay to her black-and-white cows at a small dairy that tottered on the brink of ruin.
Unlike Presidents Clinton and Bush, who conceded defeat when it became clear that their initiatives lacked legislative support, Mr. Trump has refused to accept the failure of his border wall project.
“En cuanto se conozcan estas relaciones, podremos hacer preguntas acerca de si el mismo tipo de controles aparecen en otros animales, como los humanos”, dijo Jessica Whited, profesora y experta en regeneración de extremidades en la Facultad de Medicina de Harvard, quien no participó en el estudio.
“We are not going to victimize the communities,” said Alejandro Gertz, Mexico’s attorney general.
Un equipo especial de fiscales peruanos investiga a más de 300 personas y decenas de empresas por su posible relación con el esquema de corrupción de la constructora brasileña.
By 1997, Beginning With Children was being hailed as the city’s most improved elementary school.
In rising so high, he knew the arrangement — you may steal a certain amount, but no more than that.
Ms. May and her husband, as well as her brother and sister-in-law, took advantage of the mostly empty Capitol to play tourist, admiring an old desk near the entrance to the Senate chambers — “doesn’t look very comfortable” — and strolling the steps of the so-called Million Dollar Staircase, the reddish-gold opulence of which can inspire even seasoned legislators to stop in awe.
“All gay men are stylish, they dance well, they yada yada yada.” When they arrived in Washington, Mr. Reis continued, “Barney Frank actually said to Jared one day, ‘Your suit looks like you crumpled it up in your pocket for the whole day.’” Annise Parker, the chief executive of LGBTQ Victory Fund, which supports L.G.B.T.
“Las aves que están en problemas de conservación, como las aguilillas de cola roja y las águilas reales, están muriendo electrocutadas, pero no sabemos exactamente cómo esa causa de mortalidad contribuye a los cambios en las poblaciones de estas especies, si es que lo hace”, explicó Loss.
She was a better politician than Pete when it came to dealing with owners and regulators, more polished in presentations and communications.
Vietnam was America’s second-longest war.
RARE GEM, which has never appeared in a Times puzzle before, just came to me and helped complete a difficult area.
They go upstairs for intermission — quick snack, water break, bathroom break, game of cards.
They failed multiple attempts to repeal the Affordable Care Act, and its popularity got higher than ever.
“It’s our congressional responsibility, and if we didn’t do it, we would be delinquent in that,” Ms. Pelosi said.
A skeleton crew of workers has remained at the park, which is larger than Rhode Island, during the shutdown, but they have struggled to maintain order among its otherworldly rock formations and vast stretches of desert.
Canada has been a bastion of common decency, especially for Americans on the left, who often sing our praises because, as Mr. Kristof mentions, we adequately regulate guns and banks, and provide most of our citizens with decent health care.
Which childhood books and authors stick with you most?
The article states, “New England’s reign is as relentless as a downpour, and without precedent.” What statistics explain this?
Limited staffing has also raised questions about visitor safety.
She withdrew from nationals two weeks before she was to skate.
Before giving birth, Ms. Begum told The Times of London that she had lost two children — an 8-month-old son and a daughter who was nearly 2 — to illness and malnutrition in recent months, and that she feared for her then-unborn child.
The Chinese soccer federation and tournament organizers clearly do not want to talk about the issue, however.
And it turned out that the tumor was called schwannoma tumor.
Si Netflix consigue ese hito, “el juego cambiará por completo”, dijo Marty Kaplan, profesor de entretenimiento, medios y sociedad de la Universidad del Sur de California.
But the craziest piece of it all?
And if the prime tenant hasn’t been paying rent, the landlord may be even more eager to remove everyone associated with that person.
Keith Kinkaid made 39 saves, including two on Tavares that kept him from reaching 30 goals for the season.
It also decides who can buy such units to ensure they go to first-time home buyers who earn less than the designated income cap.
The current Justice Department investigation, announced earlier this month in response to requests by Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska, is led by the department’s Office of Professional Responsibility.
Save The average American spends $14,000 per decade on smartphones.
The county has always been more politically mixed than Kansas’ bright-red rural areas, but it has been friendly turf for Republicans, especially those bringing messages of fiscal prudence and limited government.
The survival game is free to download, but players purchase add-ons as they go along, including a rotating offering of dance moves called “emotes.” Among the moves in question are an enthusiastic arm-swinging motion that looks just like the Floss, above, created by a teenager called Backpack Kid, and a snappy number called Fresh that’s uncannily like the Carlton Dance from “The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.” _____ 10.
In order to maintain a foothold on smartphones, Google pays smartphone manufacturers like Apple billions of dollars to be the default search engine on their devices.
Slack recently hired Goldman Sachs to lead the offering.
(NYT) • A homegrown disinformation campaign in Alabama led Russian news sources to report: “The only ‘Russian bots’ to meddle in U.S. elections belonged to Democrat-linked experts.” (NYT) • President Emmanuel Macron of France has begun a three-month initiative to quell unrest in the country while sticking to his economic reform agenda.
And, channeling Ms. Abrams’s stature in the Democratic imagination, Ms. Koziol envisioned a path leading beyond even the Senate.
He’s too busy inspecting a map to notice.
Even people with terminal cancer can be affected.
Unit 3D, Stamford Works, Gillett Street; brunswickeast.london Since 1978, Bootstrap, a charitable social enterprise, has used its converted factory space as a community gathering spot and to launch entrepreneurs ranging from tech start-ups and musicians to fashion brands.
It was a stunning setback for the president and for Mr. Kushner, who had told colleagues that public opinion would move to their side and that Speaker Nancy Pelosi would emerge as the one who looked unreasonable and intransigent.
“I respected their wishes.” Robert Leatherbury, who is white and went to the same church as Mr. Northam in Onancock, said he used to call Mr. Northam “coonman,” but could not recall why.
Markle welcomes comedy from Annie Donley, Larry Owens, Sophie Zucker and Jon Wan; a drag performance from Golden Delicious; and musical entertainment from the Sparkle Band and the Sparkle Dancers.
His explanations delight his audiences; they have the pleasant totality of fables.
By 1915 it had become more codified, and The Times reported: “Here-after the league will keep a ‘disabled’ list, which provides that an injured player can be kept out of the game at least ten days, and an extra player substituted for him.” Now Major League Baseball will no longer use the phrase “disabled list” for the roster of injured players.
“The negotiations have been in a certain way a failure, more diplomatically than politically,” said Luuk van Middelaar, a Dutch philosopher and former aide to the first president of the European Council, Herman Van Rompuy.
The Australian Open, the most remote Grand Slam event, is offering voyeurism without the voyage in a way no other tournament does.
Hannah sent us a problem to figure out this week: I’m in my freshman year of college at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst.
It was the most significant contact between senior Afghan leaders and the Taliban since the United States toppled the Islamist extremists after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
Squyres de hecho no quedó completamente convencido: cree que la erosión podría haber sido tanto por viento como por agua.
As the economic crisis in Venezuela has deepened into one of the worst in Latin American history, more than three million people have fled the country — largely on foot.
[NJ.com] Break a sweat at a yoga class overlooking Winter Village skating rink in Bryant Park.
“Often, the first thing I remember when I’m in a tough spot is my mother’s screams,” Mr. Hynes recounted in an autobiographical section of “Incident at Howard Beach: The Case for Murder,” a 1990 book he wrote with Bob Drury.
But Japan’s economy needs educated women like Ms. Nishimasa to work to their full potential.
This inspired us to ask students about how they apologize now that we live in a world where we spend much more time connecting with people online than we do face-to-face.
It also exemplifies the tendency of those arbiters to amplify “perfect crimes” that advance their political agenda — and to ignore crimes that don’t.
Here’s the latest: A day after an opposition leader proclaimed himself the country’s rightful president, the military declared its loyalty to President Nicolás Maduro, deepening the political crisis.
Mr. Burr has said discussions with telecom companies could prompt them to voluntarily block Huawei.
While frigid temperatures set in, some took the opportunity to hone their soup-making skills and introduce their kids to beloved movies.
Their work paves the way for advances in human regenerative medicine.
Con intención y atención dirigida, siempre podemos encontrar un camino hacia adelante, descubrir lo que estamos buscando.
It feels like an anvil on my chest.” Boxes of trolls still sat in Reverend Jen’s apartment in Sheepshead Bay last Thursday, where she now resides in a complex beside the Belt Parkway.
You can collect things and you can crunch things, but how many things can you collect and crunch, especially with a letter pattern like D _ _ A?
[Yalitza Aparicio on what an Oscar nomination would mean to Indigenous people in Mexico.]
On Sunday, an Israeli diplomat in Thailand tweeted that the singer from the band embroiled in the country’s latest Nazi-related controversy, BNK48, had apologized personally to the Israeli ambassador, Meir Shlomo, and spoken with him about “the importance of history in general, and the awareness to the Holocaust and anti-Semitism in particular.” Thai society is apparently attracted to Naziism and swastikas, but with “next to no knowledge or interest in their history,” said David Streckfuss, a Thailand-based scholar and the author of the book “Truth on Trial in Thailand: Defamation, Treason and Lèse-Majesté.” He added that the Thai government of the 1930s had a deep fascination with Hitlerian architecture and ideology, and that recent military-run governments in the country, including the current one, occasionally showed a “passing and peculiar fascination” with Hitler and other strongmen.
On defense, the Chargers can unleash Melvin Ingram on Brady.
It made me think about a lot, and I hope I’ve become a better person.” Ansari has given no interviews about the incident, details of which were published in a piece on Babe.net: an account of an anonymous woman who wrote that Ansari had misbehaved with her on a date and pressured her into sexual activity, despite her hesitation and refusals.
The committee is an arm of the leadership, and its votes nearly always fall along party lines.
2 Michigan was upset at Wisconsin.
The house’s mammoth Dionysus and Apollo murals seem to inform the dishware that Hall made last year for Le Sirenuse hotel in Positano, Italy, and the whimsical drawings he created for a 2016 Burberry campaign.
But also, the makers of “Total Dhamaal” needlessly remind us, the movie exists to celebrate and, of course, to make money.
We have gained fans there,’’ said Lee, who grew up in Chicago and was an All-American lacrosse player at Notre Dame.
For the first time since 1899, Mr. Ryan noted, Iowa does not have a member on the House Agriculture Committee.
When the children were younger, one parent almost always dropped them off and picked them up from school — even if it meant reduced work hours.
Would you be willing to tell us about a specific time when you wanted to say those words, but struggled?
The theater was demolished in 2017.
The public advocate also temporarily replaces the mayor if he leaves office early (Mayor de Blasio has not ruled out a 2020 presidential run).
Mr. Moix (it rhymes with “box”) isn’t a neo-Nazi or a racist.
Research has shown that people with attention disorders are particularly prone to boredom.
“It’s not a civil war, a war among brothers, that will resolve Venezuelans’ problems.” Mr. Padrino called Mr. Guaidó’s claim to power “laughable” and described him as a pawn of right-wing factions subservient to the United States.
It expands the realm of the possible for producers.
For the attachment-parenting types, I was a terrible mother because why weren’t my children in my bed?
If a week passes and it’s not, be skeptical.
Less than two weeks after the birth, I stood on the stoop to watch the New York City Marathon, holding my sleepy newborn.
A 152 años de su nacimiento, los versos del poeta que les dijo a los líderes autoritarios: “Temblad, temblad, tiranos, en vuestras reales sillas”, y pidió con fervor la “hoguera” de la democracia nos acompañan en la lucha por nuestro país.
Mr. Enders emphasized that the airplane would not disappear any time soon, noting that it was likely to be a presence in the skies into the 2030s.
Ray does not dispute that the state has an interest in enforcing its judgments,” they wrote.
But this week the carpenter, Greg Zanis, did not have to drive far.
But the results also underscore the Congolese people’s commitment to building a democracy.
By the numbers: Women who work more than 49 hours a week do 25 hours of housework a week, according to an analysis of government numbers.
I wasn’t prepared enough, I missed a few major points, and I didn’t give myself enough time to complete it.
Some of the questions are almost existential: Has China proved that centralized authoritarianism works better for economic growth than decentralized democracy?
“He is more like Bill Clinton than Trump,” Mr. Freund said.
He dances across decades, cities and relationships.” They made an electrifying onstage duo — until they fell victim to the clichés of rock stardom, battling addiction and going from filling stadiums to grasping at straws for a hit.
Los ejecutivos de la empresa sugirieron que ofrecer el resto de las producciones en Netflix a los sauditas —todos los demás episodios de Patriot Act o hasta series que exploran temas de género y sexualidad como Big Mouth, Sex Education y Nanette— es mejor que no emitir nada en esa nación.
Ms. Haughton, who was a popular singer in her own right, died in a plane crash in 2001.
LOS ANGELES — It was the slowest Super Bowl weekend at the box office in nearly two decades, as poor reviews and winter storms combined to clobber Sony’s “Miss Bala” and other studios mostly sat out the three days.
But I haven’t been to the Amazon.
Mr. Northam initially confirmed he was one of the two men and then reversed himself on Saturday at a news conference where he said he was not actually in the picture, although he had, on another occasion, worn blackface to impersonate Michael Jackson at a dance contest where he performed the singer’s famed moonwalk.
LAWRENCE When I was working as a banker on Wall Street, I could look around and count how many black managing directors or directors there were on one hand.
In 2015, one in 10 women had not married by 30; in Shanghai, it was one in five.
In my case, I was lucky that I had never been called a racist slur to my face, although one of my white elementary school classmates, knowing that I came from Vietnam, asked me if had carried an AK-47 and fought in the war.
Britain has canceled horse races at least until the middle of next week after three horses tested positive for equine influenza.
As for the actual white, sandy stretches of South Beach, they remain as stunning as ever, and a meeting spot for locals from Greater Miami’s far-flung corners to strut their barely clothed stuff.
El día anterior había grabado con mi celular a tres hombres jóvenes que buscaban comida en un camión de basura en un barrio pobre que se encuentra a minutos del palacio presidencial.
“Losing has a real cost for her.” The candidates consisted of multiple City Council members blocked from running for their seats again by term limits and State Assembly members looking for a bigger stage.
The second lawyer to whom Mr. Trump alludes without naming is most likely Mr. Davis, a Washington attorney and close ally of the Clintons, who is currently representing Mr. Cohen.
“They’re either inviting critical and diverse voices into the museum, or at least welcoming their presence if uninvited.” The trend benefits from many years of research by museums into the background of the items in their collections, as well as decades of campaigning by minority groups to be heard, Mr. Brown added.
The room is mostly gray, with marble tables and black leather seating.
(At the Pompidou Center, actors will be living for a month in a Soviet-style apartment, watched by visitors through two-way mirrors, as part of a supplementary exhibition.)
A spokesman for Canada’s Justice Department said Tuesday night that the British Columbia Supreme Court had scheduled a hearing for Feb. 6 to confirm that the United States had made a formal extradition request by the deadline.
“That was like my charm school.” She relocated to Nashville, where generations of her family are settled, and briefly enrolled in college.
They rehearsed the scene, but they are not actually in the scene, but I only rehearsed it with them so they could have it as a backstory for them, moving forward, for the rest of the film.
Teachers say they can no longer work in what they call untenable conditions.
Program A features the New York premiere of “Bach 25,” set to music by both J. S. Bach and his son C. P. E. Bach, as well as the return of “Star Dust,” a tribute to David Bowie.
I’ll get a lot worse.
Stedfast Baptist Church is part of a nationwide network of almost 30 independent Baptist churches associated with Mr. Anderson, who founded Faithful Word Baptist Church in Tempe, Ariz.
But she says she is optimistic that attitudes will change.
Eventually, she learns to eat from her own bowl like the pampered house pet she has, inexplicably to herself, become.
If I’ve stumped you, that’s the point.
It advises two-thirds of the top mining companies, more than half of the top 25 airlines and 60 percent of the 100 largest banks.
How do you measure three hours of chaotic visuals and middling audio most of us were never meant to see and hear?
After the fall of Mosul, for example, the forces I embedded with often saw women walking through the debris with food and water — an act that would have raised suspicions among the police had they been men, but which women could more frequently get away with.
Here in Colorado, Mr. Polis, 43, a five-term congressman from a district that includes Boulder and Fort Collins as well as rural and mountain communities, has been shruggingly, who-cares gay for years.
California’s new governor: Gavin Newsom was sworn in on Monday, pledging to focus on huge economic disparities in the state.
I never told Mr. Credico to lie.” Mr. Stone told Mr. Credico in 2017 to “do a ‘Frank Pentangeli’” when he appeared before the House Intelligence Committee investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Surveillance cameras also captured the suspect’s movements before the robbery, when he entered a nearby Mercantil Bank and spoke with a bank employee.
He has repeatedly called journalists “the enemy of the people,” and he used the term “Fake News” on Twitter at least 174 times last year alone.
Block Communications has disputed the journalists’ version of events.
Meanwhile, there was the quotidian task of managing my children’s calendars from my iPhone while texts, emails and Facebook messages flooded in, well-wishers checking up on how I was recovering.
Somehow I got the emails mixed up.” On this occasion, her summary read: “Met Bob yesterday at the diner for coffee.
The song, which became a hit again with the Fugees’ hip-hop cover in the 1990s, is now sometimes listed as written “in collaboration with” Ms. Lieberman.
Tips for a more fulfilling life.
The extreme archness of Ford’s style proves a good match for the material, a matryoshka doll of narratives about an art gallery owner (Amy Adams) whose first husband (Jake Gyllenhaal) surprises her with a manuscript of his novel.
“We can get respirometry from a single fruit fly,” said Dr. Fuller proudly as he stood before the stack of equipment that makes up the respirometer.
Congress could also attach “sunset” clauses to emergency statutes, so that the president's special powers would automatically deactivate after a month or two without new action by lawmakers to extend them.
A donation from Atlantic of nearly $2 million that year helped create the Rhythm & Blues Foundation, which gives grants to artists in need.
Do you have a clutter problem?
When Kobe Bryant scored 81 points against the Toronto Raptors in 2006, he did not find out about it until he turned on his TV the next morning.
In addition, 3,098 people were injured by bullet fragments or other shrapnel, or were struck directly by tear gas canisters or rubber bullets.
Don’t miss the cumin-dusted fries, either.
In an age rife with the sleek and the minimal, papier-mâché (“chewed paper” in French), has less-than-mythic associations: It is homey and sloppy, redolent of kindergarten and the corner store.
“When I met him, everything changed,” she recalled.
In the mid-’60s Ms. Ennis put out four LPs on RCA.
You know things are going wrong with the Oscars when even Lin-Manuel Miranda gets upset.
In the United States at the moment, just paying government workers is an epic challenge; here’s the latest on failed attempts to end the impasse in Washington.
In science, in music, where somebody just comes in, moving ahead into some totally unknown area, the future, and doing something not so much that people aren’t used to, but going maybe to different content, using different techniques, different technology.
The shrine, burial site of Abraham and his wife, Sarah, is sacred to Jews, Muslims and Christians alike.
Most supporters write it off as “Steve being Steve,” or as the media unfairly being on his case.
International aid groups, including the Red Cross and Caritas, have not taken part in the effort, fearing that doing so would politicize the delivery of desperately needed supplies and would appear to be taking sides in Venezuela’s power struggle.
While some sectors, like finance and legal services, may benefit from businesses leaving Britain, many others depend heavily on imports of raw materials or parts from Britain.
Regime change in Venezuela would accomplish both.
The most successful and ambitious of the disinformation efforts detailed on Thursday was believed to be an Iranian-led campaign that used Facebook and Twitter to reach millions of people across dozens of countries.
Our customers are counting on us.” Mr. Swan, a relative newcomer to semiconductors, has plenty of experience in the technology sector.
Calvin Klein was one of the tent poles of New York Fashion Week, all the more so because since many of its compatriots have fallen off the schedule or taken to showing elsewhere.
You may have to be away from your family and friends, and that can always make you feel lonely.
Vonn leaves as the greatest female skier in history, with her 82 World Cup victories second only to Sweden’s Ingemar Stenmark, who won 86.
For transit advocates who aggressively pushed Mr. de Blasio to support the idea, his failure to start the program on time or to publicize it has been frustrating.
In this, the company maintains the tradition of Europe’s medieval craft guilds, run by generations of journeymen and apprentices who, hammers and edge bevelers in hand, started dying out in the 16th century as private industry rose.
“The next day, I call them to apologize again.” Ms. Perkins added some companies that have a contract with the hotel for a negotiated rate include a clause that states that none of its employees can be walked.
“The final rules estimate that at least 70,500 women will lose coverage.” The Trump administration argued that the states had not identified anyone who had lost coverage under the rules.
American and coalition soldiers are there with them doing the training.
In a statement, President Sebastián Piñera conveyed his condolences to Mr. Frei’s family and expressed his “most indignant condemnation of such a cruel and vile act.” Mr. Frei’s murder came at a time when opposition parties and the labor movement were regrouping after almost a decade of severe political repression.
“The idea has been to use them to our advantage.” In theory, most condo, co-op and rental buildings constructed in New York since 1991 should be inviting to people in wheelchairs, thanks to federal fair housing laws passed in the late 1980s.
Next, watch the ScienceTake video “How the Hummingbird Bill Evolved for Battle,” above and respond to the following questions: What did you notice about hummingbirds in this video?
This was particularly troubling to the Soviet command, which could be destroyed by a “bolt from the blue” strike before it could order a retaliatory attack.
Atiqullah, de 16, había estado en Badam Bagh durante siete meses; activó una bomba que mató a seis personas y dejó ocho heridos.
When visiting a destination that is facing a specific issue, whether it’s an environmental crisis like a water shortage or an economic hardship, consider ways you can contribute to the community, and enjoy your trip while enriching the place that’s enriching you.
“It had to be someone who had courage and stupidity combined,” said Ms. Knudsen, who spent over a decade adding modern features and peeling back layers of midcentury faux pas.
One campaign, from Iran, touched on the conflict in Syria and conspiracy theories about the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
It also is not clear from this experiment whether and how the widely spaced intervals might affect people’s blood pressure and other measures of health, including appetite and weight, and also whether older people or those who already are in shape would similarly benefit.
One towing company in Michigan received 40 calls for help in three hours.
(I wrote about this phenomenon a couple of years ago.)
In the end, Harris County officials were left with fewer than 12,000 names.
Say, “Honey, can we talk about your dad?” and take it calmly from there.
Throughout, Mr. Honoré contrasts the crusade by Elizabeth Taylor (also played by Ms. Saldana) to raise awareness of the disease and funds for research in the United States with the relative public discretion of artists in France.
In this lesson, we explore how to use the world of sports to help students effectively develop evidence-based arguments.
What’s the most interesting thing you learned from a book recently?
But seeing the pope, he said, “makes me feel better.”
Of course, it is important that the church investigate what in its culture gives rise to such perversity.
The researchers also cautioned that these biases are likely to affect diagnosis and care.
But that deal is just like other deals.
“One is sports, and one is arts.
Con frecuencia se queda sin suministro de agua, medicinas e incluso doctores.
Todd Morici bought his first collectible car in 1984, a four-year-old Ferrari Berlinetta Boxer.
And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing.
In a recent interview with Jeanine Pirro, the Fox News host and one of Mr. Trump’s preferred interviewers, he called for Mr. Cohen’s father-in-law to be investigated without citing details.
In truth, what developers are doing is adding volume — the void is just empty space — to raise the height of a building and create more apartments on higher floors, with cinematic views, similar to the $238 million Central Park South penthouse recently purchased by the hedge fund manager Kenneth Griffin, which became the most expensive home in the United States this week.
But 25 years later, the scrappy, indie mountain is thriving.
• Mr. Trump, eager to claim progress on construction of his border wall, posted a tweet showing the installation of steel fencing in New Mexico.
Dan Riffle, her policy adviser, recently changed his Twitter name to “Every Billionaire Is A Policy Failure.” Last week, HuffPost asked, “Should Billionaires Even Exist?” I suspect the question is getting so much attention because the answer is obvious: Nope.
Entre los miembros de la oposición hemos logrado concertar posiciones estratégicas en una hoja de ruta democrática de tres puntos: cese de la usurpación, gobierno de transición y elecciones libres.
Right off the bat, the rebels build a couple walls.
For the last couple of years, the 25-year-old rapper from Georgia has been releasing strong mixtapes steadily — “Drip or Drown 2” doesn’t quite have the full force of last year’s “Drip Season 3” or “Drip Harder,” his collaborative album with Lil Baby, but it is still thick with his signatures: calmness and word manipulation.
They are not offered to anybody who requests one, no questions asked.
But if you enjoy being active in your homeowners’ association (or if you have benefited by participating in it), I encourage you to speak up rather than stay away.
Anglo-Irish relations seemed to reach a peak in 2011 when the Queen paid a visit, the first by a reigning British monarch since 1911, and was warmly embraced by the Irish.
Read more » It can be tough to get the whole family together for a meal.
And besides, my uncles’ carefree attitude was probably a result of being bald for decades, with the indignity of corrosion long since behind them.
“After the elections here and in America, and living as a black man in Italy,” Mr. Buchanan said, “I wanted to question what was going on.” Now he’s trying to build on that momentum with a capsule women’s wear line he was scheduled to introduce on Wednesday.
Several here are outstanding, activating the Carnegie Museum of Art’s collection and making you think differently about art history.
Learn more and see usage examples across a range of subjects in the Vocabulary.com Dictionary.
And that could set the stage for a broader peace on the Korean peninsula.
12D: Something about this corner in the aggregate made it hard but fun, with roughly four of seven down clues from the top being puns; this one, “Place to get wired,” or USB PORT, was particularly good.
In Maine, the state university system folded a small campus into its flagship and merged some functions at two other remote campuses.
There are no political challengers on the horizon who could pose an immediate threat to the Communist Party or Mr. Xi.
The announcement came just minutes before voting began on the spending measure, which then cleared both houses, ending a two-month war of attrition that closed much of the federal government for 35 days and threatened a second shutdown on Friday.
Under the treaty’s Article 5, NATO members pledge to defend fellow members if they are attacked.
Researchers have discovered that animals that are calmer and friendlier also have fewer neural crest cells, a type of stem cell that can grow to form other types of cells, including cartilage, Dr. Dugatkin said.
They are somewheres, not anywheres — firmly planted in their local community.
(Jan. 25, Netflix) Texas-based Rooster Teeth, producer of the popular animated Web series “Red vs. Blue” and “RWBY,” is behind this giant-robot anime depicting a future war.
To the Editor: Re “Trump Calls Emergency, Defying Congress” (front page, Feb. 16): Now is the time for all good men and women to come to the aid of their country.
Clemson’s defense stiffened near the goal line, suddenly finding its balance, and held the Crimson Tide to a field goal.
Venezuela: Adding pressure on President Nicolás Maduro to step down, the U.S. vice president, Mike Pence, announced new sanctions while meeting with the opposition leader, Juan Guaidó, in neighboring Colombia.
It got easier as they got to know each other better.
How often are you successful?
Dr. Randall, however, has taken issue with aspects of the Johns Hopkins calculations.
How is he still alive?
They were sheltered and protected for two months by Canadian diplomats, including the country’s ambassador to Iran, Kenneth D. Taylor, who helped engineer their rescue.
The star guard Shamorie Ponds sat out with a lower back strain for St. John’s (14-3, 2-3 Big East), which dropped its second straight game since moving into the Associated Press Top 25 for the first time in four years.
First, make sure you have sufficient, unobstructed space on all sides.
A Biden run helps that cause.
attack operations supporting missile defense will degrade, disrupt or destroy an adversary’s missiles before they are launched.” The strikes, it said, will “increase the effectiveness of active missile defenses by reducing the number of adversary missiles to be intercepted.” The report suggests a series of innovations to bolster the nation’s active defenses.
The writer-director Dan Gilroy (“Nightcrawler”) finds plenty to laugh about even among the carnage.
A good day was when she managed to brush her teeth and her hair.
Durante siglos han sido espacios de aspecto pasivo, donde la actividad ocurría sobre todo en los cerebros de los lectores.
Maybe the Saudi complaint wasn’t all that shocking.
Hay mucho que admirar de él; perdió la capacidad de ir rápido en la vida, como le gustaba, y ahora disfruta de la tranquilidad.
I know you must be girding for the crushing defeat the Patriots will sustain this weekend.
Por ejemplo, si naciste después de 1976 entonces la Tierra ha sido más calurosa en cada uno de tus cumpleaños que en todo el promedio del siglo XX (aunque varíen las temperaturas locales).
“People have lamented, ‘Well, all these areas that lost manufacturing, why don’t those workers just get up and go somewhere else?’” said Mr. Autor, who looked at wage data from the census and American Community Survey and recently presented the findings at the annual meeting of the American Economic Association.
Want to catch up on past briefings?
According to published reports, the company counts Josh Kushner, the brother of Mr. Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, among its investors.
The response to a domestic dispute at a Lower East Side apartment took a fatal turn early Friday when police officers shot and killed a knife-wielding man as he stabbed his partner, the police said.
The best commercial office chairs exceed standards set by the American National Standards Institute and the Business and Institutional Furniture Manufacturers Association, and products that do usually say so in their product descriptions.
14 was so small she had to be lifted into the chair.
American audiences will recognize Steven Yeun (of “The Walking Dead” and last year’s “Sorry to Bother You”) as the third major character: a rich, unnervingly mysterious young man.
There’s me, freshly returned from college, helping my mom set the table; my half brother, also home on break, debating our father about politics; and my half siblings’ mother chiding my half sister for Snapchatting with her high school friends.
But the attacks on the country’s representatives have been the most sustained.
But he would not say whether he would be comfortable with the results being made public.
[The San Francisco Chronicle] • The Richmond-San Rafael Bridge reopened after closing abruptly because large chunks of concrete were tumbling off it and onto passing vehicles.
“I tell you, citizens of Israel, this whole tower of cards will collapse,” he said on national television Thursday night.
So, gritting his teeth, he got on a plane from New York.
When loneliness overwhelms her, she talks to her pet plant, Sip, or strikes up a conversation with her Mission Buddy, Jim, a friendly computer simulation who would never make it past the first minutes of a Turing test.
You can follow our live updates here.
On Friday, Dawn M. Florio, another of Mr. Hernandez’s lawyers, declined to comment on his decision to plead guilty and cooperate, but added that “every effort” was being made “to protect him and his family and his loved ones, for their safety.” Prosecutors declined to comment on the case.
Cassandra Leigh Siegel and Alex Harrison Neubauer were married Jan. 12 at the Pierre Hotel in New York.
I could also use gravity to throw you a life preserver; that would be good.” The key is that shifts begin with the public.
He has been stage-managing a vile conspiracy from the beginning, although even he is not without redeeming value.
“Gin is designed to work in many different directions,” Desmond Payne, Beefeater’s master distiller, said.
A conventional liberal, up until now, would dismiss that belief as simply paranoid, the product of Fox News feedback loops and the science-denying fever swamps.
Ms. Alqunun became a social media sensation, and a cause célèbre for the rights of women and refugees, after fleeing her family on Jan. 5 while they were on holiday in Kuwait.
El juicio contra del narcotraficante mexicano conocido como el Chapo por conspiración para traficar drogas ha sido una suerte de maratón de carreras cortas: cuatro días a la semana, durante casi dos meses, un elenco de testigos digno de Shakespeare se ha presentado ante la corte para relatar historias épicas de cómo Joaquín Guzmán Loera pasó de vivir en la pobreza en las montañas de Sinaloa a convertirse en uno de los narcotraficantes más reconocidos —y quizá de los más despiadados— del mundo.
But the picture’s gender and race dynamics, not to mention its forced star-crossed lovers theme, are sufficiently commonplace to register as hackneyed.
Two American officials discussed the details of the case on Monday on condition of anonymity.
Juan Guaidó is the president of the Venezuelan National Assembly and an opposition leader.
From leftist guerrilla insurgencies in El Salvador and Guatemala to the Contras fighting Nicaragua’s revolutionary Sandinista government, hundreds of thousands died and countless more fled to the United States.
That has implications for the manipulation and abuse of the platform, as well as the company’s business.
The trade talks between the United States and China, which ended this week in Beijing, were less rancorous than the shutdown negotiations between Mr. Trump and the Democrats.
He followed with four baskets in the period, including one that gave Portland its largest lead, 82-67.
“You cannot buy time,” he said.
And what do you do with those off-season tires?
“I haven’t forgotten that my whole life,” he said.
To wit: Before 2019, the Child Victims Act had not even reached the full Senate floor.
“President Trump’s childhood home in Queens, N.Y., is currently on sale for almost $3 million.
On the other hand, I think that most Chinese people accept their government’s view that Huawei is being victimized in the West and that Meng Wanzhou was unfairly arrested in Canada.
It would certainly be fantastic if a rational, decent conservative party emerged to replace the G.O.P.!
His ease with the opposition makes Mr. Ghani’s aides even more suspicious that Mr. Ghani is being cut out.
Those segments have been less of a laugh riot, but we’re lucky that we have an audience that’s willing to forgive the lack of jokes if they realize that the topic is serious.
The couple met in 2016 at a bar in Chicago.
Mr. Mutreb told him he would be “forgiven” if he cooperated, the reporters say.
When I step on that plane in October and leave the United States for the first time since I arrived 16 years ago, I will think of the bustling flea market on 41st Street and Union Avenue in Flushing, and of the smell of freshly made spicy tteokbokki rice cakes in Korean eateries along Northern Boulevard that I pass on my way to the 7 train.
The Rams managed just two yards on their first two offensive plays, with a 2-yard run by Todd Gurley and an incomplete pass by Jared Goff.
The garden has not previously been accessible to the public.
“This is where the technology is going,” and it will be good for the environment, Mr. Horowitz said.
“You’d find a piece of fur and bring it to Jimmy.
Mr. Breysse has called the presence of the chemicals “one of the most seminal public health challenges” of the coming decades.
You don't see her name very often, but you see her work every day, and we're going to miss her very much.
Beyond supplying pets and pet products, Petland offered something for the animal-averse as well: its commercials.
It’s a contingent fact that you do know.)
It took four match points and 2 hours 22 minutes before Ashleigh Barty fended off the 2008 champion, Maria Sharapova, 4-6, 6-1, 6-4 to reach the singles quarterfinals of a Grand Slam event for the first time.
And since then, a number of participants in violent protests mounted by so-called alt-right groups have been active-duty troops or veterans.
Set design by Jabez Bartlett at Streeters.
So is the closet meant as a warning?
“If in some countries much has been done, drastically reducing the number of cases of abuse and setting out efficacious programs of prevention and formation, we need to recognize that in many other countries, little, if anything, has been done,” wrote Rev.
But he considers Hermès his home; it reminds him of the dance world.
), a crucial progressive inspiration within our country.
Carmen Ejogo leapt in the air and grasped two lengths of silk, each the color of arterial blood.
He was flanked by ambassadors of several countries that have joined the group, which includes China, Cuba, Iran, Nicaragua, North Korea, Russia and Syria.
All across Indian Country, the federal shutdown slices deep.
New research shows that a slow rocking motion not only improves sleep but also can help people consolidate memories overnight.
A few clouds began to arrive from the Pacific, with more on the way.
“I’m a rock critic,” he said.
The Miramax mogul had established himself as a master Oscar campaigner, having shepherded such disparate films as “My Left Foot,” “The English Patient” and “Pulp Fiction” to wins in major categories in previous years.
Now about half of her clients are foreign, she said, most of them from Germany, France, Belgium and Italy.
Some German social service agencies felt Grammer wasn’t experienced enough in child welfare matters to oversee adoptions, and some civil rights groups felt the more urgent need should be helping African-American children living in the Jim Crow South, not babies abroad.
(FT) • The extradition to the U.S. of Roger Ng, a former Goldman Sachs banker who faces fraud charges over his involvement in the 1MDB scandal, could be delayed.
The administration has expanded the ability of employers to claim religious or moral objections to the Affordable Care Act’s requirement that they offer employees insurance coverage for contraception.
Las visitas a unas quince casas revelaron que algunas operan de manera abierta, pero que otras tienen permisos para operar como agencias de viajes o se hacen pasar por sitios de alquiler para vacacionar.
Over the weekend, Mr. Bolsonaro announced he would issue an executive order allowing civilians without a criminal record to purchase weapons to keep at home or work for self-protection.
In August, Aparicio flew to Venice for the premiere of “Roma,” where she watched the movie for the first time.
The pair resolved not to allow Iraq’s “naked aggression” to stand, and it did not.
It’s going to be a bumpy night.” As spoken by Davis’s Margo, as a warning to guests foolish enough to attend a party she’s giving, those words had the exhilarating crack of bullwhip.
Zurich’s system has many desirable features.
“Amy Schumer puts out so much energy in ‘I Feel Pretty’ that it’s hard not to feel charged up, too,” Manohla Dargis wrote in her review for The Times, though she also called the movie itself “seriously suboptimal.” CONVERSATIONS WITH A KILLER: THE TED BUNDY TAPES Stream on Netflix.
The new document marks the first update to the policy since a 2010 review by the Obama administration.
Yet, Mr. de Blasio has continued to support it as a way to pay for solutions to many of the city’s problems.
A self-described “lifelong Democrat,” Mr. Schultz said he would begin a three-month crisscross of the country before making a decision.
Just before Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman came to America, Pecker — who wanted the Saudis to help finance the purchase of Time magazine — published an absurd piece of checkout-aisle propaganda, a glossy magazine treating the prince like Beyoncé and calling his repressive, misogynist nation the “Magic Kingdom.” It highlighted the special relationship between the Saudis and Trump, who was also lavished with puff pieces in The Enquirer during the 2016 campaign.
El debate sobre la derrota parlamentaria de Sánchez se enfocó menos en los planes para el presupuesto que en su manejo de la situación catalana, lo que exhibió el peso político que tiene el conflicto territorial en la política nacional.
And he challenged me vocally and musically, and I miss that kind of interaction.
What else is on the agenda in Washington: The House Democrats will vote on two bills to reopen the federal government, which has been partly shut down since late December.
It has to come through family.
In fact, there hadn’t been much follow-through from Hays and West since the early hours of the investigation, at least from what we’re privy to seeing on the show.
Hours before the meeting began, Mr. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York and President Trump’s lawyer, told an anti-Iran rally outside Warsaw’s main stadium that Iranian leaders are “assassins, they are murderers and they should be out of power.” Mr. Giuliani said he was representing an Iranian opposition group, the Mujahedeen-e-Khalq, or M.E.K., not Mr. Trump.
In all, 14 news organizations and Netflix were recognized for outstanding journalism during 2018 and will receive their awards at an April luncheon.
A transportation colossus, Uber was privately valued at more than $70 billion last year, and proposals from investment bankers suggest that it could be worth as much as $120 billion after going public.
Foreign buyers often set up companies to buy property, Mr. Petrov said.
| Sign up for the Science Times newsletter.]
I was working with Luella Bartley at Luella, and Camille Bidault-Waddington came to visit.
We asked the nurses who the injured driver was and what happened to him.
If not, we’ll go to a restaurant near us.
In Chicago, what would normally be a bustling day slowed to a frigid crawl.
Feeling disappointed and passionless for the subject, she turned her attention to photography.
The fact that she signed a deal with Puma to be its creative director and start her own ready-to-wear brand in 2014, when the sportswear giant was still owned by Kering, an LVMH rival, and for a time worked with both groups simultaneously (an unprecedented arrangement) reflects the shift in status.
Are you a major Rams fan who’s been waiting for this moment for decades?
But this time their meteorologists were doing it without pay, a casualty of the federal government shutdown.
DROP THE MIC 10 p.m. on TNT.
Kennedy’s first executive order, the day after his inauguration, expanded the existing food distribution programs for needy families.
Los investigadores aseguraron que muchos de los demás libros robados ahora están en Rusia donde, todavía resentidos por sus propias pérdidas durante la guerra, los rusos se han negado a devolver los artículos que les quitaron a los nazis.
“Relegating these essential cinematic crafts to lesser status in this 91st Academy Awards ceremony is nothing less than an insult to those of us who have devoted our lives and passions to our chosen profession,” said the letter.
Por ejemplo, Procter habla sobre cómo se obtenían artículos en la época colonial y cómo se utilizaban las pinturas para moldear la identidad nacional del Reino Unido, que se retrataba a sí mismo como una sociedad superior y benevolente.
We’d had another of oysters with coffee sabayon and a third of Caesar salad made with smoked herring, beneath a snowdrift of grated Parmesan.
“I told him, ‘You need to go to a psychiatrist.’ ” After months of this, she recorded one of the calls so she would have evidence of his behavior.
Most of the potential Republican candidates declined to state their intentions Friday, instead offering praise for Mr. Roberts, though Mr. Kobach said in a text message: “I am considering it.” Democrats have not won a Senate seat in Kansas since Franklin Roosevelt’s 1932 landslide, but thanks in part to the state’s long-running feud between hard-line and more moderate Republicans they won the governorship last year.
Business chiefs are warning of the potential fallout.
Like much of regional Australia, Gippsland is a place where people are intensely practical, where nothing is easily discarded and where preserving and using every last scrap of food (and water) are still the way of life.
The ruling was a legal victory for the families, which filed a defamation lawsuit against Mr. Jones, who traffics in conspiracy theories, and Infowars last year.
“Wait 4 Me.” “Back Soon.” Have a sweet night.
It has sought close relations with China, setting up regular bilateral government consultations.
Are you interested in alternatives?
But fewer than half of the detainees have criminal convictions, according to the latest records kept by the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse of Syracuse University.
___ Earlier this week, a colleague, David D. Kirkpatrick, was detained by the Egyptian authorities for several hours then forced onto a flight back to London.
2 overall draft pick in 2016, was their established starter.
The movie’s awards strategist, Tony Angelotti, was all smiles when I found him at the Governors Ball.
And beat Notre Dame and Alabama to do it.” Clemson had plenty of guts this season; Swinney just showed them very early on.
Oscars night comes at the end of a five-month marathon of fasting and training and dressing up as Dream Date Barbie (or Ken) again and again, each event bringing the stars a bit closer to summiting the Everest that is awards season.
The Saudi officials acknowledged that both Yemeni factions had recruited some children, but they argued that at least their coalition was trying to end the practice.
Nearly one in four black adults is disenfranchised.
In addition to the conservation costs, animals that come in contact with power lines or other electric infrastructure extract a significant economic toll.
Here’s a list of all of his forecasts.
A vote to impeach takes a simple majority in the House, but a two-thirds vote is needed in the Senate to convict and remove an official from office.
Otro sondeo de la misma empresa asegura que el 84 por ciento de la población quisiera ver a Estados Unidos como “el principal socio político y económico de Venezuela”.
Implicit in their words of remorse is a question: Will you forgive me?
Most pressingly, it created a backlash among some voters who saw women acting “like men” and deemed them inauthentic.
But here, I felt as though I could simply reach my hand out and graze the side of a cloud.
Internet companies would also have to build automated screening tools to block Indians from seeing “unlawful information or content.” Another provision would weaken the privacy protections of messaging services like WhatsApp so that the authorities could trace messages back to their original senders.
“These are not Oscar nominations for me, these are Oscar nominations for the Germanottas.
“When we started getting older, everybody went their own ways,” Xóchitl Nava said.
Además, ahora que el cierre entra a su vigésimo noveno día sin una solución en el horizonte, muchos de sus asesores principales quisieran que encontrara una manera de resolver la situación.
“I’m a big fan, use it often, and think it’s really important for clarification,” she wrote.
Nonetheless, Iran has stayed in technical compliance with the accord struck with world powers during the Obama administration.
As companies start moving their supply chains, the main beneficiaries seem to be Southeast Asian nations like Vietnam and Indonesia.
The Rembrandt scholar withheld judgment while the painting was being analyzed.
The Patriots have been Super Bowl favorites six times in seven games since then, ranging from 2½ points to 12.
“In 2020, the great likelihood is that an independent would just split the anti-Trump vote and end up re-electing the president.
• The agreement would pay for 55 miles of new border fencing, a far cry from the 1,000-mile wall that Mr. Trump wants.
My favorite clue is “Game-changing invention?,” and I love the flair that Will and team added with their edits.
Could that have been destabilizing?
The city’s Vision Zero program faced a major hurdle last summer when state lawmakers failed to reauthorize speed cameras posted at 140 school zones — a policy the city said reduced speeding during school hours by as much as 63 percent.
Every four years having a new city hosting the Olympics?
Sept. 11, 2001, is my first real memory.
“That lent confidence to other people,” Ms. Jandhyala said.
But some are closer to real-world use: Google is now running clinical trials of its eye-scan system at two hospitals in southern India.
Durante su discurso televisado, Morales acusó a la Cicig de guardar silencio ante lo que denominó violaciones a los derechos humanos y de poner en riesgo la soberanía y la seguridad nacional de Guatemala.
Many of the launches last year carried satellites for China’s own version of the Global Positioning System, which already covers China and much of Asia.
Dr. Gailani had been in Amman attending a workshop that trains curators to help protect and promote the cultural heritages of Iraq and Syria.
At the national finals last Saturday in Kiev, the Ukrainian capital, Ms. Korsun faced an unusual grilling from the jury.
Fat Cat Kitchen, which opened in the East Village in 2017, began selling its CBD products more than two months ago, the restaurant’s owner, C.J.
And here’s how it stacks up against other conflicts, including the Vietnam War, the Battle of Gettysburg and Hiroshima.
A desire to protect their elders is particularly strong during the tween years, when the darkness and complexity of the world come into focus, but the magical thinking of childhood still offers the comfort of solutions.
He became a fixture there, joining the faculty in the early 1960s and serving for many years as the institute’s president.
Under the current government, rising fuel and bread prices in 2013 and early 2018 also set off protests, but they were contained mostly to the capital and suppressed by the security forces.
The value of a Picasso or a Ferrari typically rises in a strong economy, as do shares in a consumer staple like Procter & Gamble.
“People already think we are bad girls for dancing.
La estructura, propiedad de la gigantesca minera brasileña Vale S. A., forzaba la definición de “presa”: más bien era un enorme depósito de desechos mineros que estaban retenidos por poco más que paredes de arena y limo.
On Wednesday, underscoring the broad impact, Apple unexpectedly cut its sales forecast for its latest quarter, citing disappointing iPhone sales in China, once one of its most vibrant markets.
Carlos Puig, a longtime dachshund handler whose 7-year-old longhaired dachshund, Burns, won best hound on Monday, attributed that in part to the breed’s tiny stature.
The most egregious humanitarian concern has been Trump’s brutal policy of separating children from parents at the border.
A 7-year-old who was riding in a car with her mother and three sisters was killed in Texas over the weekend, the authorities said, when a gunman in a pickup truck suddenly pulled up alongside them and opened fire.
A Nepali government survey from 2010, which was cited in a State Department human rights report, found that 19 percent of women age 15 to 49 in the country followed chhaupadi.
Maxime Bailey, 56, who lives in a housing project in the Bronx, tried to warm her apartment by boiling water as her two visiting grandchildren shivered under blankets and watched cartoons.
Studying those bacteria could help reveal details of how this species lives, as well as provide new leads for substances that are useful to people, like digestive enzymes that could help make biofuels.
Custom was the only option, and Bindle and Keep was the only company they considered.
Are you sure you’ve supplied all the relevant details?
And so it’s the first time he’s facing a divided Congress.
He has stayed in the public eye, built a political organization and, as Vox’s Matthew Yglesias has noted, toned down some of his fights with the Democratic establishment.
Some trends are evident, like the German shepherds, Doberman pinschers and other guard dogs that seemed to overtake the streets in the more dangerous New York of the 1960s and 1970s.
Un grupo de astrónomos descubrió un punto rosado de luz que, según infieren, se trata de una bola de hielo de 483 kilómetros de diámetro que orbita a casi 17.700 millones de kilómetros del Sol, una distancia tres veces más lejana que a la que se ubica Plutón.
They said those savings would help finance a technology center in Charlotte focused on building digital banking systems, which in theory would help the new bank compete with the national giants.
In that report, investigators did not mention any instances of suspected physical abuse.
“I don’t know.” The two exchanged little more than pleasantries during a dinner Mr. Trump hosted for governors at the White House on Sunday.
Warner Bros. said that when it first became aware of the sexual misconduct allegations, it had investigated whether “there had been any misconduct by Mr. Calloway on ‘Extra’ and whether any employee of the show had been the victim of any such misconduct.” The company said that as of Saturday, it had not found evidence of workplace misconduct by Mr. Calloway.
But at his acknowledgment of their own accomplishment in his Tuesday night State of the Union address — a record number of women elected to Congress — they broke out into beaming smiles matching Mr. Trump’s, waving and joining in a “U.S.A.” chant across the House chamber.
ed., University of Wisconsin Press, 1985; Tino Balio, “United Artists: The Company Built by the Stars,” University of Wisconsin Press, 1976; David Bordwell, “How Motion Pictures Became the Movies,” at https://vimeo.com/57245550; Leslie Midkiff DeBauche, “Reel Patriotism: The Movies and World War I,” University of Wisconsin Press, 1997; Douglas Gomery, “The Hollywood Studio System: A History,” British Film Institute, 2005; Richard Koszarski, “History of the American Cinema.
To be very clear, I did not want to engage in oral sex with Mr. Fairfax and I never gave any form of consent.
The thaw between North and South Korea has already eased tensions on the peninsula.
When an Army veteran who has been paralyzed from the waist down suddenly can walk again, his recovery raises a number of questions: Was it divine intervention?
“I’ve met people in similar industries and made business contacts.
“It didn’t feel great, not at all.” The first set took 20 minutes.
• Democrats’ far-reaching proposal for a Green New Deal is technologically possible, experts say.
There’s still no clarity.” Roughly one-third of the factory’s 92 workers are from Eastern European countries, including Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Latvia — all members of the European Union.
Endometriosis is a useful if sobering frame for viewing the consequences.
I believe that this planet is doomed because we so believe in doing things that now the world’s most recognized dictum is “Just do it.” But how can you think nothing?
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
It also sought to drop a limit that would have prevented lenders from making more than three short-term loans without a 30-day “cooling off” period.
“La mayoría de las personas que promueven la obsesión con el trabajo no son quienes realizan ese trabajo”, dijo David Heinemeier Hansson, cofundador de la empresa de software Basecamp y autor del libro It Doesn’t Have to Be Crazy at Work, sobre la creación de culturas empresariales saludables.
Last week, Mitsubishi also accused Mr. Ghosn of financial wrongdoing, saying he had secretly received compensation of 7.8 million euros, or almost $9 million, from a joint venture of the two automakers.
Anything can happen politically, but it looks at least possible that in 2021 there won’t just be unified Democratic control of Congress and the White House, but control by a much more consistently progressive party than was the case in 2009.
After graduating from Yale and the University of Chicago Law School, she returned to Minnesota to work as a corporate lawyer.
The smell of grease and sawdust lingers.
Even when their pay was at its peak, those assembly line workers would have needed more than a month’s wages to buy a base-level iPhone XR.
The Trump administration has canceled or is trying to claw back as much as $3.5 billion in federal allocations from California.
To the Editor: Re “A Woman’s Rights” (editorial series): As a reproductive health care provider at Family Health Options Kenya, I found that my efforts to resuscitate dying women and children were the most devastating moments of my career.
A few job changes later she found herself at an agency called North, where the dispute over the hair-foam campaign led her to found Proctor & Gardner.
told us firebombs escalated matters.
Hudson paints his partner wearing a cocked fur hat, holding a brush and palette, resting an empty canvas in front of his torso.
(A note: We often link to content on sites that limit access for nonsubscribers.
The difficulties flared when Yugoslavia disintegrated and Macedonia declared its independence in 1991, as well as its intention to join international organizations that included Greece.
En un impulso adicional a Maduro, el presidente ruso, Vladimir Putin, lo llamó por teléfono para mostrar su respaldo y advirtió a Estados Unidos en contra de intervenir en asuntos venezolanos.
Essentially, it’s sort of an old populist refrain, which is they don’t — they look down on our way of life.
The Midwest is about to experience weather whiplash as parts of the region could see temperatures rise by 70 degrees within a few days.
In the following months, however, I’d learn just how important my baby’s biological sex was to the world at large.
The governor wanted the labor groups to get their lawyers to draft language about how it would like the company to handle four aspects of its relationship with workers at the Staten Island warehouse, said Mr. Appelbaum and the other person.
I don’t find my stress levels to decrease or for my wellbeing to be, at the very least, okay.
Many of these young performers appear to be artistic descendants of “Our Hit Parade,” the defunct downtown showcase where dynamic artists like Erin Markey, Cole Escola and Bridget Everett blended comedy, cabaret and the pop charts.
For many, Friday’s arrest of Roger Stone, the veteran political trickster and longtime adviser to Donald Trump, was a sign that the special counsel investigation into Russian electoral interference is entering its final phase.
And I stand here, in awe.
In the Manila City Jail, sleep is the most precious commodity.
Below, your Carpetbagger walks you through four subjects that have been on his mind since the Oscar race got real.
He courted her for 10 days in a separate enclosure, the zoo said — “chuffing” at her and getting used to her sight and scent.
The prisoners were forced to march west through deep snow and punishing cold and were liberated by British forces that spring.
Early last year, Iran’s minister of communication and information technology said Tehran was making final preparations for the launching of four satellites into space.
After demolishing the Los Angeles Chargers, 41-28, the Patriots quarterback, who is about to appear in his eighth consecutive A.F.C.
Polls show that most voters correctly blame him for the shutdown.
The paths of the two men crossed at a T-Mobile shop in Queens last week.
(Farago) 212-708-9400, moma.org ‘CHARLES WHITE: A RETROSPECTIVE’ at the Museum of Modern Art (through Jan. 13).
The question is whether that is accomplished through a focus on kitchen-table topics like health care and jobs, aimed at winning moderates and disaffected Trump voters, or by unapologetically elevating matters of race and identity, such as immigration, to mobilize young people and minorities with new fervor.
Americans head to the Mexican side on weekends for cheap health care, entertainment and concerts.
But the market’s gains were restrained by worries that Chinese purchases would barely dent the huge soybean stockpiles in the United States and around the world.
It was the kind of vocal acting — fearlessly physical, with a broad palette of tones and styles, and a willingness to go for the occasional unbeautiful moment when called for by the text — that could devolve into histrionics.
WILL HEINRICH Through Feb. 16.
Suddenly sitting on the cut line with nine holes to play — he started on the 10th hole of the North Course on Friday — Woods had to battle to advance to weekend play.
I don’t want to find myself sighing and frightened, or full of argument.
When officials postponed the election, many people simply gave up and returned home.
The crowd at the recent meeting of Community Board 3 was agitated.
It looked closely at what seemed to be a pause in the ice loss for about a year, beginning in 2013, that followed a stretch of greatly accelerated melting.
Indeed, while Mr. Cuomo had a 35 percent positive job-approval rating, Mr. Trump was close behind, with 33 percent of those polled rating the president’s performance as “excellent” or “good.” About 66 percent said the president was doing “fair” or “poor.” The results of the poll — which had a margin of error of 4.3 percentage points — led the Cuomo administration to break its usual habit of not commenting on surveys.
“When it comes to getting elite status, you’re not really going to get that with a credit card,” he said.
The buyer’s identity remains a well-guarded secret — and for those who may wonder whether Ms. Reybaud uncovered that information, the cover image was provided by Phillips, the house that handled the auction.
Mr. Caughman screamed and asked Mr. Jackson, “What are you doing?” Mr. Jackson responded by stabbing Mr. Caughman several more times in the chest before fleeing.
Her husband held the phone to his ear but said nothing.
Dr. Sanneh was on an endless quest for knowledge.
Mitch Hescox, president of the Evangelical Environmental Network, wrote in The Christian Post, addressing Mr. Wheeler’s legalistic cover of not overturning the rule but making it vulnerable to legal attack: “God is not fooled — and neither are we.” He added, “We’ll never give up on protecting children and the unborn from mercury pollution.
The thing is, the hush money scheme is very likely the crime that got him the office.
• Después del juicio al Chapo, una denuncia contra sus hijos.
Mr. van Zweden drew crisp, snappy playing from the orchestra in the exuberant, scherzo-like second movement.
We weighed a large, wheeled snowboard bag containing two boards with bindings and boots, and it was only 27 pounds.
“For as long as I can remember, it has been the dream of the Zainichi people to see the North and South reunified,” Mr. Oshima said recently.
A GoFundMe page gathering donations for Cameron’s funeral described him as “the best son anyone can ask for” with a personality that “always lit up the room.” “His untimely demise is one that we will never understand,” the page said, “but we ask that God carries his loved ones with a sense of peace through this tragedy.”
KINSHASA, Democratic Republic of Congo — The Democratic Republic of Congo on Friday rejected an African Union demand to delay announcing the final results of its presidential election, compounding the turmoil surrounding a vote that many fear could fan widespread unrest.
And the human heart is often understood as a mechanical pump.
But the reconciliation project it was designed to embody has made little progress, and its promotion of a contentious social security law prompted widespread street demonstrations.
Mike “The Situation” Sorrentino, the reality star from “Jersey Shore,” recently arrived at the camp, to serve a sentence for tax evasion.
But which Green New Deal?
“There are so many other steps still to go.” As they work to better understand the proteins in the body, for instance, scientists must also create new proteins that can serve as drug candidates.
I was goal-oriented when I was 10.” His first job at Fairchild Publications had little or no connection to fashion.
In a typical morning class at American Ballet Theater, the brightly lit studio feels like a laboratory.
Dallas went into the game with the No.
One sitting area in the living room mixes a whimsical, 11-legged, bronze-and-glass table by the Paris-based provocateurs Garouste and Bonetti with 19th-century side chairs from Italy.
Friendship should lead you to tell her, even though the discovery might disturb her greatly; otherwise you’d be betraying a relationship of trust by keeping her in the dark.
By the time Mr. Costas appeared at that event, he had already taken a back seat in NBC’s coverage.
“There are a lot of things that are really special about Burke, and I don’t want to say that there aren’t,” Booker said.
Though we won’t be publishing our Current Events Conversation roundup next week as many schools in the U.S. are off, we’ll be back on Feb. 28 with an edition that includes two week’s-worth of comments.
Perhaps there were some sympathetic voices, somewhere in the ether.
TaskRabbit now offers users an online to-do list to track upcoming projects and connect you with workers who can do the job.
When it comes to harmonic daring and subtle manipulations of melodic motifs, Cilea was no Puccini.
(It’s a fine line between mindfulness and mindlessness, apparently.)
A plan like the one advocated by IP3 International has not gone forward to date.
In the 1990s, the Clintons have an idea to try to achieve universal health care.
Our new boss loves to celebrate with wine or Champagne when any amount is donated — and we constantly receive donations.
En la misma red social, Jaas Adino Castillo elogió a Twitter como una plataforma de denuncia que “visibiliza y logra hacer diferentes tipos de control”.
And there’s a lot of them.” He acknowledged there could be a false sense of nostalgia for the hippie days, which weren’t without tension.
“He was very quiet, serious and confident.” Mr. Gallardo liked her, and continued to ask her out.
I covered the cremations of soldiers who had died in Kargil in the war between India and Pakistan.
But I believe he was apologizing for breaking the off-the-record agreement he had asked for in the previous meeting.
After four years of matching basketball calendars to Colleen’s biological clock to plan births for the off-season, timing recruiting calls around nap schedules, and wrestling with nanny problems and a merry-go-round of fill-in babysitters, they needed a change.
The news of Mr. Kelly’s departure was first reported by Billboard, and RCA, a unit of Sony Music Entertainment, made no formal announcement; by Friday afternoon, Mr. Kelly had simply been scrubbed from the label’s website.
#SameTeam.” They knew they had their work cut out for them.
While he needs to become a more proficient shooter, he has more pronounced limitations on defense, where he is on the small side for a shooting guard and lacks the savvy of many of the (bigger, more experienced) players he is trying to defend.
There is, for example, a naïve, stylized rendering of a concentration camp scene, which makes sense as a representation of Anne’s fantasies — she didn’t know the barbaric specifics of what was going on around her — but risks confusing students, who might not know that Auschwitz wasn’t in fact a big green square surrounded by pleasant-looking buildings with huge canisters reading “GAS” plugged into them.
They’d made the TV news.
In this recipe, I’ve kept things minimal and straightforward.
So this speech is a very accurate blueprint for what the rest of the Bush presidency looks like.
He is entered in next week’s tournament in Mexico City, which offers slightly more FedEx Cup points because it is a World Golf Championships event.
She spoke to me about her critics, her popularizing (and losing control of) the expression “stay woke” and why she says she can’t judge anyone, including people who have hurt her directly.
Carafano dijo entender que los narcotraficantes siempre intentarían encontrar nuevos métodos y que el muro simplemente sería “parte del plan”.
(Physician Orders for Life Sustaining Treatment) forms.
“You’re looking at your world, dying,” Ms. Nelson said, gesticulating into the aisle.
THE KID MERO A lot of characters and ideas are born in the podcast.
“I think you’re just numb in a way,” Goff said.
Now Mr. Green, 35, must show that Lyft can be as assertive as an Amazon or a Facebook.
It makes the shot nearly impossible to read.
His improvement as a blocker has helped Chicago disguise its calls, diminishing tendencies that his alignment might have tipped off.
Not that any of this seems of interest to the president.
He did exactly that, leading to a 35-day shutdown, the longest in the government’s history.
Hawaii published a list of sunscreens considered to be “reef safe.” But some dermatologists and trade groups have opposed the bans, arguing that more research is necessary and that banning sunscreen could lead to higher skin cancer rates.
That is designed, in part, to prevent impulsive action.
I also spent $60 on a copy of Super Mario Party.
The agency’s chairman, Joseph J. Simons, an antitrust lawyer, has declined to comment about the investigation.
In Johnson County, where the majority of residents over 25 have a college degree and the median household income exceeds $80,000, Mr. Trump beat Hillary Clinton by just 3 percentage points.
“The filing also opens up a Pandora’s box of legal issues that, in the long term, could result in grossly excessive, unjust sentences for defendants that follow in the wake of this request.” After the sentence was issued last month, Mr. McMahon, the special prosecutor, had appeared to be satisfied, saying at the time that “justice was served for Jason Van Dyke.” “It strikes a balance between holding Jason Van Dyke accountable and also recognizing his service as a police officer,” he said.
He used to eat it several times per week.
Lobster caught by Vinalhaven fishermen embellished the housemade pappardelle with spring peas.
IBM did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The region has been more associated with civil war, disease and extremists than bucket-list challenges.
Garantizas la seguridad del edificio.
Bert Williams, a Bahamian-American comedian, was a major one of these stars, and even in his lifetime his act was freighted with pathos.
The factory in Revere, Mass., struggled to stay afloat for years, and in March, The Boston Globe reported that it was in danger of closing.
Solís fue un leal miembro del partido del Frente Sandinista de Liberación Nacional de Ortega desde que ayudó a este último a combatir a la dictadura de Somoza en los años setenta mediante una guerra de guerrillas.
The Secret Service, which leads security at the speech, has been affected by the shutdown.
The custom is to collect your shell, retire alone to the cover of a nearby shadow, take the entirety at one draft and then spit the particulate remnants; by nightfall, when even the city is blanketed in thick dark, the only regular sounds are the screech of the fruit bat and the hock of spit.
Ahora, por sí mismas, las marcas pueden elegir mostrar anuncios a los conductores que tengan un Acura MDX, y no a las personas que tienen un Acura TL a través del portal de anuncios de Amazon.
With even a quick peek beyond his bubble, the president could learn much about the legions of government employees and contractors who spent the holiday season agonizing over how to cover their next mortgage payment or electric bill or trip to the grocery store if this political charade drags on much longer.
But injuries to Lack (season-ending hip surgery) and Schneider (abdominal strain) paved the way for Blackwood’s promotion on Dec. 17.
She did two more rotations in Iraq before a long stint at a remote outpost in Zabul Province, Afghanistan, in 2012, where she won awards for being a top human intelligence collector and linguist.
Globalization, so the argument goes, has given way to a new era of sluggishness, or “slowbalization.” The back story: In the golden age of globalization, from about 1990 to 2010, commerce soared as the cost of transporting goods fell, tariffs were cut and the financial system became liberalized.
Without growth in nuclear power, replacing fossil fuels with renewables simply decarbonizes the existing supply.
But he has presided over the city at a time when homelessness has skyrocketed.
After he left Mr. Guzmán’s employ the cartel “attempted to locate” the witness, the prosecutors wrote, suspecting him of having cooperated with American federal agents.
I had never heard of Mickey’s precursor, although I have seen cartoons featuring OSWALD the Lucky Rabbit — I’d just always thought that Mickey’s ears had evolved from straight and bunnyish to those little pompoms he has now, and that we’d always been dealing with a mouse.
Mr. Adamowicz was once a member of Civic Platform, which is now Poland’s biggest opposition party.
Adults without dependent children are generally ineligible, with a few exceptions.
Mr. Familia, now the super of 42-44 Bond, uses the shop for maintenance work.
But after night falls, they’re menaced by four doppelgängers.
Every time they’re losing, people are shaking their heads at halftime.
Anne Preston is a professor of economics at Haverford College.
In a statement on Thursday, Mr. Schiff said he was glad to see Mr. Cohen would appear in public, but would press ahead in trying to secure a private appearance before his own committee “in the near future” to discuss matters related to Russia.
“It’s very disheartening for young people, especially vulnerable young people, when they are met with the reality of the world.” Her program, which is being piloted by three city nonprofits, introduces young adults not only to the particulars of career planning, résumé writing and interviewing (though there is plenty of that), but also to how to handle difficult situations on the job.
Mr. Redstone, viewed by Hollywood as cocksure and uncouth, wanted to acquire Paramount to prove that he’d made it — that he belonged.
On the first day of this year — also the first day of the year 2562 in the Thai Buddhist calendar, a time for prayers and divinations — King Maha Vajiralongkorn Bodindradebayavarangkun announced that his coronation would take place in early May.
—Sí, yo creo que casi todos han continuado su obra de manera muy positiva.
He told a rally in Texas that the Democrats wanted to “shut down a little thing called air travel!” This was at the same gathering when he wandered off on a rant about how German shepherds were better at sniffing out drugs than any technology.
Just remember I told you so.” His Instagram account was subsequently deleted.
“We just rolled it up in our T-shirts and carried it that way,” said Ms. Terry, 54, recalling how she crab-walked back to the hotel to stay true to her principles.
With the benefit of hindsight it is easy to see that these past two weeks at the Australian Open have been nothing more than a warm-up for Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic.
Sophie Skelton makes the most of Brianna’s discomfort with unfamiliar manners and with her changing body.
You could also call it Super Bowl 110101 if you prefer binary numbers or Super Bowl 35 if hexadecimal is more your thing.
Throw away or give away any footwear that may cause you to catch a foot.
Landlords, especially smaller management companies operating on narrow margins, have begun pressuring poor, disabled and elderly tenants who cannot afford to make up the difference.
A few of these writers try to one-up Vance on the atrocity meter.
Nearly two-thirds of those deaths were suicides.
SCHOOL DAZE (1988) 5:40 p.m. on BET.
I watched him, the way he licked his fingers and held his glass with his hand wrapped around the back of it.
Many of the recipes Ms. Calvo inherited from her grandmother, like hor mok, a half-mousse, half-custard of coconut milk (sieved in-house from a mixture of coconut flesh and water) and pulverized fish.
Instead, Mr. Trump would use his authority to transfer funds to the wall that were appropriated by Congress for other purposes.
“However, we want the Hong Kong government to take a step further.
But it was in Paris that the protests broke new ground with the attack on the ministry building along Rue de Grenelle, the heart of official France, where a number of important government offices are located.
We should continue to scrutinize how attitudes toward drug users seem to change depending on the racial identity of the people whose stories the media tells.
A person with receding hair and a taste for ultralong ties who recently kept the government shut for more than a month for no good reason whatsoever?
She saw how valuable her role could be in 1946, when a superior invited her to attend a debate in the House of Representatives over the National School Lunch Act, which had been introduced in response to rising concerns over childhood hunger.
Mr. Toader said he would be sending information related to Ms. Kovesi’s dismissal to the justice ministers attending the European Union’s Justice and Home Affairs Council.
The woman identified herself as a production assistant for “Saturday Night Live” and said her crew happened to witness the kiss and “thought it was pretty cute, so we zoomed and got some good footage.” Would they sign release forms?
Click on the slide show to see this week’s featured properties: In Midtown East, a 1,770-square-foot, two-bedroom, two-bath corner apartment in a full-service modernist complex built in 1966.
“When it comes to education,” she said, “it is a public good and people need to share their wealth with their neighbors.”
Each of the girls we meet in these pages was pushed out of her homeland by violence.
From an Atlanta suburb to Seattle, the hearing played out in closed captions on televisions — another familiar sport to follow, or not.
That’s what I need to do my job.
He took a couple of swallows, then waited.
El parlamento se ha convertido en un refugio para diputados de escasa preparación, donde apenas el 36 por ciento tienen alguna experiencia profesional fuera de sus partidos.
With the help of enthusiasts from different cities, the movie traces how the sport became a mainstay of black culture and sheds light on how, post-segregation, racism lives on within the rinks.
I wanted the warmth and surprise and serious, only-us closeness in some of those images, although James never looks entirely happy in many of them.
It’s a reality that feels far from mind at Riverbank State Park in Harlem, where twice a week, year-round, little black and brown girls glide and twirl across the ice.
The country became more skeptical of abortion when Barack Obama was president and more open to it now that Donald Trump is.
Her father, a corporate lawyer, was an avid golfer.
Desde hace tiempo los anunciantes han llevado a cabo campañas dirigidas en la red publicitaria de Amazon.
(And to say nothing of all the other billionaires out there who, according to Bloomberg News, are now very worried about the whereabouts of the pics they’ve sent to their mistresses.)
And so they are supplanting Western civilization with Middle Eastern civilization and I say, and Geert Wilders says, Western civilization is a superior civilization — it is the first world.” On Iowa talk radio, Mr. King recommends “The Camp of the Saints,” a racist 1973 novel about an invasion of Europe by nonwhite immigrants.
Love, fury and agony have become playthings and status symbols — Botox for the heart.
That at least contained more skills than the single shot of a nervous, fatigued individual.
“I think we’re more and more jealous of our very private time,” Mr. Tourville said.
وردّ أحد أصدقائها وهو الأ٠ريكي كريس كولويل، الذي ي٠ارس رياضة القفز بال٠ظلات، على رسالتها قائلًا: “يساورني شعور ٠زعج جدًا.
The arc of its rehabilitation narrative is largely familiar; it was released amid a clutch of movies about disabled veterans like “The Men” (1950), Marlon Brando’s big-screen debut.
Reporters asked if he thought race had anything to do with his dismissal.
Back then, it was the home of Archie Bunker, which for years was the first thing people said when they heard you were from Queens.
Durante la ceremonia, Darly volteó a ver a su hermana, una monja que trabajaba con el obispo, y vio que sus ojos se llenaban de lágrimas.
I can’t say I’m happy for him — he’s on the Padres now — but it’s good to maybe get that market going a little bit, for sure.” Until Machado’s agreement, only one free agent, Patrick Corbin of the Washington Nationals, had signed for more than $68 million this off-season.
The Ballantines were making good on Ian Ballantine’s stated goal: “To change the reading habits of America.” They left Penguin in 1945 to start Bantam Books, a reprint house.
El lunes, Galeano negó furiosamente las acusaciones en su contra y se presentó como la víctima de un complot político, insistiendo en que había cometido “errores” pero no delitos.
She holds five world records and eight Australian ones for racewalking.
Al hablar de la reseña del libro que hizo para The New York Times, Michiko Kakutani comentó que Stone relató “esta historia de innovación disruptiva con autoridad y bríos, y con una investigación muy rigurosa”).
The players responded with a late push for a playoff spot, finishing with 88 victories and a renewed sense of identity.
Corbyn’s Labour Party, but not Corbyn himself, favors staying in the European Union; presumably Corbyn will eventually come around, in the absence of any viable alternative.
On any given night, the servers, cooks and customers have arrived here from all over the world.
Two other right-handed pitchers, Roy Halladay and Mike Mussina, also were elected, Halladay on his first try and Mussina on his sixth.
This multilingual sampler plate of international stand-up comedy features comics from around the world delivering half-hour sets.
Commercial rents along the promenade are among the highest in the world, at $1,519 per square foot per year, compared with $2,250 on Fifth Avenue, according to Cushman & Wakefield.
Even then, Cain said, she was hoping to be back on top of the podium in short order, and she fulfilled that wish when she and LeDuc won the title.
American and Chinese trade negotiators seemed to be making some progress on a deal and have extended their talks into the weekend.
Mr. Hiep said the United States and South Korea should be careful not to overemphasize the comparison between North Korea and Vietnam.
“Trying to stop Trump is like stepping in front of a hurtling freight train.” Now, Stone is back in the spotlight.
Reasonable people may disagree, of course, about precisely how Congress should define and weigh these factors, how they should be applied to the facts on the ground and whether other factors should be considered.
I’m ready to embrace all the uncertainty that comes with an opportunity like this and see where it takes me.
“The party of Trump is relying on lies and fear to try to strip women’s rights,” she said on Thursday.
The real number may never be known.
And most importantly, talk about the person who died.
The Democrats, for starters, have to develop and defend a plausible alternative theory of growth.
He is a son of Nancy Donohue Rees and W. Mason Rees of Charleston, S.C.
Howard Schultz, the former chief executive of Starbucks, told Andrew yesterday that he was not fazed by criticism that his potential presidential bid as an independent could strengthen President Trump’s chances for re-election.
— Hisako Ueno and Choe Sang-Hun Mr. Trump said he and Mr. Kim discussed the case of Otto Warmbier, the American college student who died last year after being imprisoned in North Korea.
“Any Jewish person who goes to see that picture ought to have his head examined,” the Jewish newspaper The Herald wrote of “Julia.” “You might just as well see Hitler’s girlfriend.” After Redgrave earned one of the film’s 11 Oscar nominations in 1978 (the others included best picture; best director, for Fred Zinnemann; and best actress, for Fonda), the academy president, Howard W. Koch, “urged me not to say anything except ‘Thank you’ if I won,” she wrote in her 1991 autobiography.
”I was speechless for, like, half an hour,” Mr. Klawiter said of learning the news.
We believe that it is possible for the United States to withdraw its forces from our region without abandoning our people.
Which writers — novelists, playwrights, critics, journalists, poets — working today do you admire most?
Andrew Cuomo of New York was sworn in for his third term on Tuesday, in a ceremony on Ellis Island.
For those who really want to change the rules of the game, however, there’s always Batsheva, the brand that shot to recognition with its embrace of the prairie dress and its determined rejection of the male gaze via ruffled necks, little-girl prints, puffed long sleeves and full skirts.
John Thompson III was the head coach at Georgetown, but more of an enticement, Trey Mourning said, was the presence on the staff of Ewing’s son, Patrick Jr. “The Ewings are like family to me,” he said.
Brown, You’ve Got a Lovely Daughter” and “Can’t You Hear My Heartbeat.” Yet in the story — cooked up by Mr. Noone, who is credited with the show’s concept, and book writer Rick Elice — Peter doesn’t go marauding in the former British colony out of ambition.
Gin should have the ability to be versatile and work in different directions.” Beefeater welcomes the industry’s growth and has even produced some limited editions of new blends.
“Just stop.” But I couldn’t stop.
That’s just one example of how calendars reveal the history and cultural values of the societies that created them.
And the Chicago archdiocese told him to take his complaint to the Augustinians.
“Where did that come from?” his wife asked as she turned his head to get a better look.
Now, most writers need to supplement their income with speaking engagements or teaching.
But whenever I glanced at a family photo — of me and my younger brother and my mom and dad, I looked for the blank space where he would have been.
The space I’m in has limited seating, but the stools are empty anyway because everyone is standing.
She used slides (of stick figures, bones, skulls and abstract shapes she had drawn or painted) and film (on which she scratched lines that swirled around the performers in them) and then projected the images onto her dancers as they moved to music and manipulated wispy tulle.
“It was the first book to make the case so persuasively that home cooking did not need to apologize for not being restaurant cooking,” Ms. Wilson said.
Still, if “Green Book” pulls off a win here early in the night, that could presage an eventual best-picture victory.
Mr. Trump has said he would like to make more of Mr. Kim’s letters public but that the North Korean leader asked him to keep them private.
I also felt pretty strongly that I should bring a journalist along as well.
But the troubling reality is this: West Virginia Senate Bill 451 is a subtle and manipulative attempt by state legislators to disenfranchise the voices of the community they were elected to amplify.
She is the algae that survives on sulphuric gas from subaquatic volcanoes, seven miles beneath the daylight.
Every challenge and endeavor in my life has never been mine alone.
How has the natural life of Europe evolved over the millenniums?
Alternate-side parking: in effect until Feb. 4.
In 1963 she sang Leonora opposite the American tenor Jan Peerce in a well-received Hebrew-language concert staging of Beethoven’s “Fidelio” in Jerusalem.
But if he fails to persuade Mr. Mandelblit to back down, he would become the first sitting prime minister in Israel to face criminal prosecution.
Santana collected just 2.4 percent of the vote in last year’s election, not enough to stay on the ballot.
We were thrilled by the many positive responses.
In Illinois, an attorney general’s investigation into clerical sex abuse found widespread failures to investigate claims — and singled out the way diocesan officials forwarded accusations against religious order priests to the orders and then often closed the books.
The suit, filed in Federal District Court in Washington on Monday by Mark Zaid, a lawyer experienced in legal fights with the federal government, is the first from a former employee to allege that Mr. Trump is trying to circumvent standard practices about former employees who use unclassified information in their books, and to seek retribution that would not otherwise be available to him through the federal government.
• Barack Obama does not plan to make an endorsement in the 2020 primary.
In his seven years as chief executive, Mr. Cook has announced the Apple Watch and AirPods, which have done well but have been far from iPhone-like industry changers.
Ralph Northam, a Democrat, telling the people of Virginia (and everybody else) about the time he really did compete in a dance contest dressed, with his face blacked, in what he described as a Michael Jackson costume.
The bill would have determined the trade and immigration relationship between Britain and the bloc through the end of 2020, while a permanent agreement is negotiated.
Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online.
RUBIN We both really admire J.K. Rowling’s very clear early vision, and how much of the groundwork was laid in the very beginning.
“This platform allows me to speak my mind.” Turkish officials have dismissed his comments as baseless, but Kanter said the fear is real — and personal.
“As much as her story was cut short, it was told really loudly at the end,” Mr. Flamm said.
The child care crunch is a bit like childbirth.
In 2004, after holding a visiting scholar position at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton and another at Harvard, Dr. Goins joined the faculty of Purdue in West Lafayette, Ind.
He offered the Yellow Vests a room in a building owned by the mayor’s office, but they said it was too small and not centrally located.
And a 17-year-old victim became an 11-year-old.
And health care isn’t the only front for new action.
If Democrats are hoping that Mr. Cohen’s testimony will damage Mr. Trump’s public image, Republicans have been laying the groundwork to try to undercut Mr. Cohen’s credibility first.
Five of the tests failed.
“Un muchacho judío amable, común y corriente que resulta ser un genio”.
It offsets the flounces and ruffles with needed current context.
What is it that happens to you, the writer, when the blurry face you’ve lived with for years is sharpened into specificity?
In recent years, the growing alliance between Mr. Netanyahu, President Trump and evangelical Christians has signaled broader acceptance of such relations while also exposing the fault lines.
We must take account of our role in the demise of this species, a consequence of habitat loss, climate change, and pesticides and herbicides, if only to help us understand how to rebuild the population.
The communications ministry under Mr. Netanyahu aided several of Mr. Elovitch’s moves, effectively helping him reap tens of millions of dollars.
He had scored three straight surprising wins against higher-ranked players, including one over the No.
Amid the negotiations taking place at the Capitol, union representatives gathered over the weekend and voted to approve another walkout, should teachers deem it necessary.
Dorel Nita, the head of data and research for Imobiliare.ro and the report’s author, concluded that the slowing rate of growth is a sign that the market is stabilizing, after the rapidly rising prices of previous years resulted in a cool-down in demand.
On one line with modern signals, trains regularly arrive every 100 seconds.
Some legal visits resumed Monday but were quickly ended midmorning after the police said a staff member at the jail received a bomb threat.
This is the same reason car tires deflate in cold weather, said Michael Kennedy, a research professor and director of Northwestern University’s Science in Society, a science education center.
Social media has introduced games of strategy into public discourse, with deception and secrecy — information warfare — now normal parts of how arguments play out.
That choked me up when I saw it again.
“I have decided to run,” she said in a short clip posted Friday, “and will be making a formal announcement within the next week.” When we stand together, united by our love for each other and for our country, there is no challenge we cannot overcome.
_____ The star reflects on the influence of “Crazy Rich Asians,” Western bias against Asians and her anguish over the atrocities in Myanmar.
There, they found Ms. Baker and her violinist on a cliff overlooking the gorge.
On Jan. 5, some 150,000 people lined up in front of the St. Sophia Cathedral in Ukraine’s capital, Kiev.
“If the upcoming summit produces results, now is the real beginning,” he was quoted as saying during a meeting with his senior presidential staff.
He also spent hours a day stretching his penis with a traction device called Andropenis, an F.D.A.-approved penile extender.
We asked designers how they get a concept from good to must-pick-up.
If you don’t need to be within walking distance of the sand and surf, consider the mainland’s Vagabond Hotel, a 1950s roadside inn given a retro-chic overhaul.
Since 2011, one of its partners, the Division of Youth Services, which is responsible for the care and treatment of youths committed to its custody by juvenile courts, has seen improvements in the academic progress, educational completion and law-abiding rates of youths served.
In “Know Your Whites,” McMillan Cottom theorizes about the ascents of Barack Obama and Donald Trump, gathering evidence that includes her lived experience, the history of white fragility and the musings of a black man taking a smoke.
— MAYUKH SEN From left, Alexander McQueen, Undercover by Jun Takahashi, Charles Jeffrey Loverboy and Walter Van Beirendonck.
Don’t have time for a facial?
While the bulk of “The Lost Girl” is set in a realistic world, the final section is suffused with magic.
Their pursuit of borrowed meaning — “an Indian experience” — is styled as farce, the satire too on the nose: One wan disciple urges another to submit to “the beauty of surrender, of not having a will and not having thoughts of your own.” The authorial disdain is palpable, as is, perhaps, an echo of Jhabvala’s own outgrown illusions.
They remained close, despite not seeing each other very often.
The possibility of a peace deal has inspired waves of enthusiasm and hope among many Afghans.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
In the Southern Baptist church: The largest evangelical denomination in the U.S. announced initial recommendations for addressing revelations of rife sexual abuse in Southern Baptist churches across the country.
In addition to Carlson, one of the most engaged critics of the Republican establishment is Oren Cass, a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute and the author of “The Once and Future Worker.” In his book, Cass faults both parties, but his condemnation of the Democratic Party is far harsher than his critique of the Republican Party: Republicans have generally trusted that free markets will benefit all participants, prized the higher output associated with an ‘efficient’ outcome, and expressed skepticism that political actors could identify and pursue better outcomes, even if any existed.
Many officials admired Mr. Li as a reformist who tried to recruit young blood into the party and to redress the injustices of Mao’s era.
Even the mere specter of impeachment changes his whole attitude toward you.
(CNBC) • Google employees are starting a social media campaign against the use of forced arbitration in misconduct cases.
Fiat Chrysler: The automaker is said to have agreed to pay $650 million to settle U.S. lawsuits over rigging emissions tests, without admitting guilt.
‘Don’t rock the boat.’ ” The Orioles’ Hall of Fame pitcher Jim Palmer told Baseball Digest in 2006 that Robinson’s arrival in Baltimore via a trade with Cincinnati had kindled the franchise’s resurgence.
The president is playing a self-defeating game, because he is making it harder for Mr. Powell to deliver low rates without appearing to have been bullied by Mr. Trump.
That’s better than wasting space on something you might hypothetically need.
And even before Ms. Watson came forward on Friday afternoon, few people at the Capitol were offering the lieutenant governor their full-throated support — a remarkable abandonment of a man who was preparing to run for governor in 2021.
McCracken writes wonderfully and perceptively about large bodies.
Running as a Republican, he served as the Allegheny County controller from 1967 to 1975, and he was a three-time delegate to the Republican National Convention.
He is credited with the plan that tailor-made the position of state counselor for Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi, allowing her to take power, in effect, even though — under the Constitution — she was banned from becoming president because her children are foreign citizens.
“We knew they would be the ones that would be able to create suits perfectly for us,” said Ms. Elfring.
Hart Island is in the Pelham Islands group, officially a part of the Bronx.
Mercury levels in Atlantic fish have been dropping in recent years, a consequence of this rule, but not in fish in the Pacific Ocean, where prevailing winds carry mercury pollution from Asia.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has landed in China for meetings with President Xi Jinping and other officials — the last stop of a whirlwind tour that also included Pakistan and India.
He said he expected to speak with the American president by phone.
Comments on editorials may be emailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.
When he asked about the other eight, he recalled, “the official said, ‘This rice was given to us as a gift, and it is our decision what to do with it.’ ” Mr. Oshima also sends regular packages and cash to his relatives, though Japanese sanctions limit each transfer to 100,000 yen, or about $915, and prohibit the shipment of luxury goods like jeans and lipstick.
Aidan Harper, who created a European workweek-shrinkage campaign called 4 Day Week, argues that this is dehumanizing and toxic.
“Except the compensation isn’t like cable,” he added.
A medida que los migrantes centroamericanos se desplazan por México, algunos gobiernos locales y estatales ahí los han provisto con transporte, con ayuda de iglesias y grupos de asistencia locales.
Solo esperemos que el resto de los medios divulguen el secretito del socialismo estadounidense: que no es radical en absoluto.
As a person who is not a heavy drinker, it makes me feel a bit uncomfortable.
Mr. Maduro and his cronies became what they had vowed to change.
We see each other often.
The civil war ended in a cease-fire, though more than 11,000 I.R.A.
Differences in insurance access and coverage can also vary by race.
The judges say the court has not granted them salary increases paid to other senior court officials.
The first things you want to look for are birth, marriage and death records, and then on the federal census, which is taken every 10 years (except 1890 since those records were all lost in a fire).
“This figure could stand on the world stage.” Ms. Kloman declined to comment on the doubts subsequently raised about the sculpture, but a Christie’s representative said last week in an email that it was “an important rediscovery that is sure to inspire continued scholarship and interest.” Anthony Meyer, a dealer based in Paris and a specialist in Oceanic artworks, said “I don’t think it’s a pre-contact or post-contact sculpture carved by someone with the belief systems of that period or place,” referring to Captain James Cook’s arrival in Hawaii in 1778.
Más tarde permitieron que varias misiones privadas de rescate, entre ellas la del Sea-Watch 3, consideraran a Italia como una zona segura.
You might hunker down on the things you do like about your current situation.
“The violent mob was out of that place,” she said.
The Mexican government has cautioned that the details of who would be returned and when were still unclear.
The concept of an Alternative Elfstedentocht was born in the 1970s, when a Dutch businessman named Aart Koopmans began looking for sites around the world that featured consistently frozen water.
If Mr. Northam were to resign, Lt. Gov.
Then, I think the next serious moment was actually in the New Deal.
Why keep books, if you are not going to read them more than once?
“We’re congregating here to prevent an aggression that seeks to take control of Venezuela’s strategic resources.” Some said they came to the event in search of free food, traveling from as far as Caracas.
Not the actual revolution, of course, but a revitalization of American labor.
I turned around and around.
Mr. Cohen said that Mr. Trump directed him to lie about hush payments to a pornographic film star and that Mr. Trump knew well in advance about a WikiLeaks email release damaging Hillary Clinton’s campaign.
So here is a tip sheet, with critics and writers for The New York Times highlighting some of the concerts that intrigue them next season.
For these reasons, I wrestled for awhile with the question of the right time to end the character.
And I want to really protect the way I’m remembering things.” “Heard It in a Past Life” is a collection of buoyant electronic pop songs, but the lyrics are unmistakably the work of an introvert struggling to recalibrate.
A spokeswoman for Coastal GasLink, Jacquelynn Benson, said in an email that the company respects both leadership systems and has held 120 meetings with Wet’suwet’en hereditary chiefs since 2012, as well as logging 1,300 phone calls and emails with them, trying to reach a solution.
Not long after midnight, election officials finished counting the votes, making it apparent that Mr. Buhari had defeated the leading candidate, Atiku Abubakar, by a wide margin in an election that was marred by pockets of violence.
It was the perfect pick: the glimmering towers were visible from all corners of the city, making them easy for me to spot.
The colonial reference “says more about Spain’s anachronistic obsession with Gibraltar than it does about anything else,” the government of Gibraltar said in a statement.
You’ve got a generation since the crisis with lower mobility and lower security.
Recientemente, a petición del primogénito del presidente, un juez del Supremo Tribunal Federal de Brasil suspendió una investigación en torno a cientos de miles de dólares en transacciones financieras realizadas por un asistente de Flávio Bolsonaro.
Many times, actually most times, a five paragraph essay is not the formula.
Now I can feel it when I look at a caterpillar on my garden path.” Older women have learned the importance of reasonable expectations.
Kahlo sufrió mucho durante gran parte de su vida y la sección más conmovedora de la exposición está dedicada a su ecosistema de dispositivos médicos.
Politicians!” In Gdansk, which like many cities remains a bastion of the opposition, most people place the blame for the current climate at the feet of one party, Law and Justice, and its leader, Jaroslaw Kaczynski.
positive, used his personal Twitter account to note that he shared the “anger and pain” of Mr. Díaz’s colleagues about “deeply offensive comments” about the gay community.
“Arty veneer” became REVERENT, and I had to translate “Arty” to R and T to understand why this clue worked.
I miss not having a kid.
The underlying cause: As aging workers retire and birthrates drop, the labor force has grown more slowly.
Mr. Coats and the others told lawmakers that North Korea was unlikely to give up its nuclear arsenal, that Iran has not restarted work to build one and that the Islamic State was not defeated, all assessments that clash with the president’s worldview.
Among them was Charlie Nash, a tweed-wearing 21-year-old British reporter for Breitbart who described himself to me as a pagan, an absurdist and a right-wing environmentalist.
[The New York Times] “There’s a real tension.” As the 2020 primary competition gets underway with Elizabeth Warren’s entry, some Democrats puzzle over whether a woman could beat President Trump.
Unfortunately, that feeling cannot be contained in an object any more than it can be pinned down to one human being.
ALEXIS SOLOSKI Feb. 23-March 10 at BAM Fisher, 321 Ashland Place, Brooklyn; bam.org.
Making matters worse, only weeks before, wildfires had swept through the region, engulfing the Bay Area with smoke for two weeks.
Instead, the president and Congress strike a short-term deal to buy more time.
At a gathering shortly afterward to celebrate the drug’s launch, Mr. Sackler boasted that “the launch of OxyContin tablets will be followed by a blizzard of prescriptions that will bury the competition.
En consecuencia, las posibilidades de que escale un conflicto comercial siguen siendo elevadas.
He has described it as merely an attempt to promote himself.
And Democrats should be looking for ways to restore trust in government, rather than adding more chaos.
Este verano, Booking.com, uno de los sitios de reserva de hospedaje más grande del mundo, entrevistó a 21.500 viajeros y les preguntó sobre los viajes de sus sueños.
I worked as an R.N.
The page administrators and account owners claimed they were local and posted items on topics like Israeli-Palestinian relations and the conflicts in Syria and Yemen.
— How much do you trust tech companies with your private information?
When Mr. Green was set to introduce Lyft’s car-pooling product in 2014, Uber announced the same service first.
Después, planea visitar ciudades del norte como Sheberghan y Mazar-i-Sharif, solo por darse el gusto de caminar por sus calles sin temor.
Afterward, they said, they met with a dean at the school, and later that night, the student began writing an apology, which her parents shared with The New York Times.
Or how the Mets will do this year.
The spelling of the short form of Zachary is varied: The new coach of the Bengals is Zac Taylor, and the Black Power Ranger was Zack Taylor.
And in December, SoftBank spent $3 billion for a warrant that gave it the right to buy additional equity in WeWork.
These ratios are routinely gamed and, as we learned in 2008, are a poor indicator of a firm’s financial health.
So he started a video series built around smashing things.
But they acknowledge that Manafort and Mueller’s team are at an impasse.
NARRATOR And we were very conscious with this scene about slowing everything down.
The spectacle of mass movement can look like something unstoppable, yet it is the easiest thing in the world to impede the flow of traffic or to bring it to a halt.
Taken together, the events escalated the confusion and conflict in Venezuela, an oil-rich and formerly prosperous country upended by political corruption and severe economic hardship under Mr. Maduro.
✓ “Roma” Mexico “Capernaum” Lebanon “Cold War” Poland“Never Look Away” Germany“Shoplifters” Japan This is one of the strongest foreign-film lineups in recent memory, and in any other year, all of these movies would have the profile of a winner, including the Palme d’Or winner “Shoplifters,” Lebanon’s moving “Capernaum,” and “Cold War” and “Never Look Away,” which both scored cinematography nominations as well.
In 2017, as the Justice Department continued investigating the Ukraine work, Skadden Arps refunded $567,000 to the Ukrainian government, suggesting in a statement that it returned the cash because the money had been placed “in escrow for future work” that never took place.
In February 2017, the players collaborated on a photo essay for The Players’ Tribune called “The Miami Baseball Brotherhood,” detailing their hometown workouts and their kinship.
On the other hand, that amount is modest next to the roughly $170 million it took make the movie, produced in part by James Cameron and based on a manga series by Yukito Kishiro.
William J. SalmanSanta Fe, N.M. To the Editor: My mother’s uncle, James Herman Banning, and his mechanic, Thomas C. Allen, became the first black pilots to fly across America, in 1932.
Complications ensue when the Marquise of Berkenfield, here the commanding mezzo-soprano Stephanie Blythe, realizes that Marie is the daughter she abandoned at birth to avoid scandal, and hauls her off to teach her ladylike behavior.
The medicines manufactured from plasma do save lives.
La población indocumentada no ha aumentado en una década; de hecho, ha disminuido a 10,7 millones de personas.
In the quarterfinals, Williams will now face seventh-seeded Karolina Pliskova of the Czech Republic, who easily defeated Garbiñe Muguruza of Spain, 6-3, 6-1, to advance.
He was later brought back for a closed-door session with Senate investigators, the details of which have remained secret.
“Could this be an excuse?” she said.
Everyone else either drives (12 hours from Dallas) or flies to Albuquerque (a three-hour drive) or to the smaller airport in Santa Fe (a 1.5-hour drive).
There were markets to explore.
Which tells you even more about Mr. Trump and his party than it does about the so-called perils of voter fraud.
The water taxis that connect the tourist dots along the Chao Phraya were viewing platforms for art pieces such as “Zero” by the Scandinavian duo Elmgreen & Dragset, a vertical, 25-foot-tall image of a see-through oval swimming pool, from which to ponder the river’s ever-expanding skyline of luxury hotels and apartments.
You can keep your eyes closed or open throughout your practice.
These cheeses are at the heart of a different tradition: the baked Camembert.
Save for a small amount of poultry, the school had been close to vegetarian from Day 1.
Ms. Teng occasionally veered into politics, holding concerts to show solidarity with the pro-democracy protesters who gathered at Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.
“He is passionate.” [Never miss a pop music story: Get our weekly newsletter, Louder.]
“There’s no work and I want to help my family,” he said.
Global warming has made the awesome potential of the atom a source of hope again and, according to some advocates, an urgent necessity; besides, as Higginbotham points out, nuclear power, from a statistical standpoint, is safer than the competing alternatives, including wind.
Over time what were intended as impartial repositories have ballooned into grandiose shrines where former presidents and their foundations wield influence not only at the museums (whose exhibits they pay for) but even, some have charged, in the research reading rooms themselves.
“I myself cannot look at this video without being disgusted with my actions and my ignorance at that time,” the student wrote.
The demand for animal pelts (mostly beaver but also skunk, raccoon, otter and fox) fueled colonization and Western expansion, as the British, French and Dutch vied for control of fur-rich regions.
The analogue was hard to counter.
During my birth class, I figured out what I liked — a long, loud exhale where I focused on the vibrating hum inside my mouth.
Mr. Brown, a scientist who had helped develop America’s nuclear arsenal, served until 1981.
Facing it is a second board that holds newspaper clippings touting the major cases solved under his long tenure.
“Están robando dinero o no les están dando nada”, dijo Santiago.
Mr. Trump said later that “I hope we’re able to get everybody in a big, beautiful room and do a new treaty that would be much better.” He did not define what he meant by “everybody.” The Russian government counteraccused the Trump administration of looking for any excuse to end the Cold War-era agreement.
He’s set to double down on his inaugural promise to present an alternative to the rhetoric and policies coming out of the White House.
Word soon spread that the Yankees and their young ace had a new deal.
When New Zealand’s housing crisis became so bad that one study found only Hong Kong less affordable, the country’s prime minister came up with a solution: An ambitious plan to prompt the construction of 100,000 new homes over the next decade to help ease prices.
Mr. Perot, for a time, was the leader in the polls and gained almost 19 percent of the popular vote, the most for an independent candidate since Theodore Roosevelt in 1912.
(Heinrich) 212-992-7800, isaw.nyu.edu ‘DOWN THESE MEAN STREETS: COMMUNITY AND PLACE IN URBAN PHOTOGRAPHY’ at El Museo del Barrio (through Jan. 6).
Out of that number, 58,000 had voted at some point since 1996.
A Maduro le queda poco tiempo usurpando la presidencia, pero para lograr su salida con el menor derramamiento de sangre, todos los venezolanos debemos permanecer unidos y presionar para el quiebre final del régimen.
For all the growing concerns about national security, the United States can’t afford to close the pipeline of talent and tuition that supports its education system and drives its economic future.
Terrell rightly pointed out that Gomez wasn’t working free.
Recipe of the day: Craving a snack?
You’re encouraged to sit on the sculpture-furniture.
After the vice president would come the secretaries of state, Treasury, defense and so on.
He was asked, is John McCain a hero?
“Ejayboo” is what we would nowadays spell as “Ijebu,” a subgroup of Yoruba.
Asia Durr’s first basket was just a matter of time and the right look.
Despite the breakup, her mood lifted, and some of the daily stress she carried around seemed to fall away.
In the 67 seasons since, only 195 other pitchers have matched that achievement.
“He was a very moderate man who always tried to give a balanced view, so much so that a lot of Uyghur nationalists accused him of selling out to the regime,” Rachel Harris, who studies Uighur music at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London and has known Mr. Jalaleddin for more than a decade, said in an email.
The children could eat fruit, starches and pasta, for example, and they were allowed to eat as much as they wanted.
The militant group that claimed responsibility, Jaish-e-Muhammad, or Army of Muhammad, operates in Pakistan, where it raises money under aliases, according to American and Indian officials.
But there certainly are people you can tell without violating the terms of your employment: the board members of the organization.
And work allowed him to live a life he could be proud of.
The old trope that Jews have secret powers to control other people.
Young women these days may tattoo her image on their biceps, and mothers may dress little girls in R.B.G.
“I will miss my partner.
Then she handed me a wad of cash.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
Each year, at least one or two women die in the huts — typically from exposure, animal bites or smoke inhalation after building fires to stay warm during the Himalayan winters.
Well, Republicans have quickly come around to the idea, voicing an interest in working with Democrats to get it done.
The comic Jaboukie Young-White has a bit examining which bugs are gay.
And now he has two to save.
That the Oscars managed a watchable show, much less the brisk, entertaining one we got, was a surprise.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
And in German society, for all its pretensions to gender equality, a woman is expected to be the primary caregiver, while it is less acceptable for a man to tell his superiors that he has to go home earlier to get the kids’ supper or put them to bed.
DNA testing is trendy at the moment.
Or Gabrielle’s recipe for celery toasts?
Once in office, moderates often claim to speak for the masses, seeking to make government work better for everyone.
It’s a dream journey that will slam into the refugee crisis.
Other readers referenced the pain, and sometimes fear, the image evoked in them, or pushed back against those who minimized the insidious nature of blackface and other similarly degrading practices.
Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras called on Sunday for a vote of confidence in the Greek government, hours after a junior coalition partner announced that he would quit in protest of a deal to end a dispute with Macedonia over its name.
She touches her neck with one hand and there is a profound expression on her face.
Ms. Pelosi on Friday called impeachment “divisive” and suggested that dissatisfied voters should look to remove Mr. Trump in an election, rather than by impeachment.
Not everybody in the pig technology field agrees on approach.
El Paso, donde las personas latinas e hispanas suman el 80 por ciento de la población, ya era desde antes un sitio hostil hacia Trump.
You can’t sign away the rights of a child who hasn’t been born, said Dov Fox, a law professor at the University of San Diego who specializes in bioethics and the regulation of technology.
“It’s this interesting combination of environmental sensibility and individual choice,” David C. Sloane, a professor of public policy at the University of Southern California, said of the Northwest region.
A fireplace marks the heart of the glassed-in, gabled-roof barn that holds the heated pool, which opens to an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi perched on a pier in the middle of the lake, its warm vapors swirling and rising into brisk evening air.
La Casa Blanca condenó el uso de la fuerza por parte del gobierno de Maduro y advirtió que las violaciones a los derechos humanos “no quedarán sin castigo” y exhortó a las fuerzas armadas a “cumplir su deber constitucional para proteger a los ciudadanos de Venezuela”, y a dejar pasar los convoyes humanitarios.
Candidates who favor closer ties with China won mayoral contests in Taiwan’s four largest cities.
Riders climbed 264 steps to the top before sitting in a raft that plummeted and then soared over a crest on its way to a runoff pool at the bottom.
His allies seem eager for him to do so.
And in both cases, it has to stand by its commitment to the rules-based international order when neither of those partners holds the same level of commitment, at least at the moment.
Some intermediaries do convert at the black market rate, and many of my Venezuelan friends living abroad use those.
“It’s a way to get past an ugly fight in a way that allows the dust to settle and passions to cool while moving on,” said Bruce Buchanan, an emeritus professor of political science at the University of Texas at Austin.
They proved useful in helping him unseat his center-right predecessor, Mariano Rajoy, last June, and to pass some legislation.
He does all this with a relish and a frequency befitting the scion of one of Italy’s great cinematic dynasties.
We fell in love.” The White House has yet to release any of Mr. Kim’s missives to Mr. Trump, though the president did post on Twitter a brief letter he received from Mr. Kim in July.
Two American women being held in a detention camp in Syria told The Times that they regretted joining the Islamic State and wanted to come home.
Facebook and other social networks have not signed on with NewsGuard, but Mr. Brill and Mr. Crovitz anticipate that some kind of ratings service will eventually be adopted across the web.
Antonio Navalón, a political analyst and columnist for the Mexican daily El Financiero, said Mr. López Obrador had “failed” on this front.
“I think we have the pieces to go as far as we want to, and that’s to the championship,” McCutchen said.
began allowing Division I universities to adopt “cost of attendance” stipends, North Dakota State University announced that it would offer such stipends in 16 sports, resulting in a new $600,000 annual expense to be paid by the athletic department.
Entre los acuerdos a los que llegó Vox con sus aliados de la derecha tradicional en Andalucía, el Partido Popular y Ciudadanos, está la eliminación de la ley de memoria histórica por los crímenes del franquismo, la deportación de migrantes e impulsar la reforma educativa.
But those monthly figures could not fully make up for a lackluster performance in the second half of the year.
Since President Xi Jinping took over the Communist Party in 2012, control of every aspect of society — including the private sector — has increased.
Mr. Prayuth faces other challenges as well.
En el caso de los funcionarios de gobierno de Trump, lo sorprendente de los distintos “planes” (o, para ser más precisos, bosquejos) de infraestructura que han propuesto es que requieren muy poca inversión pública directa.
“You press the button here, you see the needle, the needle goes out and shoots a small shot of ricin poison.
“You leave them alone, and they’ll get to a deal faster than leadership,” said Mr. Cole, the Oklahoma appropriator.
[Russian speech] They often claim that the Americans and rebels at Al-Tanf block aid shipments to the Rukban refugees, creating a humanitarian crisis.
Fallon broke the fourth wall, leaving in clips in which he stumbled over his words and said, “We’ll edit that out.” (They seemed more like put-ons than genuine flubs.)
Mikhail Gorbachev, who came to power in 1985, had hoped that he could end the war by getting the United States and its allies to stop supporting the resistance (or mujahedeen, as they were known) in exchange for the withdrawal of Soviet troops.
Instead of following up on that finding, the Education Department kept its report private and said publicly that Navient had done nothing improper.
There are some who have questioned whether Ms. Labaki is proposing just that, with reviewers divided over whether the film condemns a systematic failure or the poor.
“What did we learn from all this?” he said.
Some call it the “Arabic Booker” because the Booker Prize Foundation in London supports the award.
Their green thumbs have since graced Ralph Lauren’s coffee shop, where they created an English garden with boxwoods and ivy, and a book party at the Public Hotel for the fashion photographers Mert and Marcus.
“We are still looking forward to fighting it or overturning it,” she said, referring to the law.
Energy experts said the nature of the global oil market was such that Venezuela would be able to keep some oil income coming by lowering the price and finding alternative customers in Asia.
The financial statements for 2011 and 2012 carry the heading “compilation reports,” which in accounting terms means that the accountants that prepared them merely compiled information from their client without auditing the underlying figures.
This is a central irony of Trumpism.
He acknowledged that congestion pricing would be a “politically difficult battle” this year.
The latest novel of his I can recommend is THE LADY IN THE LAKE, about two missing wives, one rich and one poor, and the men who want them back, and not always for the right reasons.
The show will tour Europe, “then it’s ‘The Glass Menagerie’ with Ivo van Hove,” Ms. Huppert said.
and the Second Amendment Foundation have filed a lawsuit saying that the age restrictions violate the Constitution.
He added: “It’s like the new America against the old America and a lot of Americans who are older and younger want to make sure they participate in the new America.” With Ms. Harris announcing her candidacy last month, Mr. Booker’s entry amounts to a presidential first: offering black voters, who have been crucial in determining the last two Democratic nominees, a choice between two black candidates as well as other contenders.
They sometimes filled in ballots, or signed as witnesses for voters they never met, in an ink color specifically chosen so it would not arouse suspicion at local elections offices.
Rich Europeans rolled in and artists and musicians, young in the ’70s, got rich.
And my employees, many of them are struggling to have money for fuel to come to work.” “You know, I just bought a house.
When I first moved to town, about 11 years ago, I got a giant education from the Nashville songwriting community.
Los votantes también nominaron a Marina de Tavira como mejor actriz de reparto.
En mayo, hubo el caso de un representante de Facebook que ayudó a la policía de Rock Hill, Carolina del Sur, a localizar a un hombre que estaba transmitiendo en directo su intento de suicidio por Facebook Live.
Minutes earlier, Mr. Yates said he would not have hired Mr. Dowless had he known of a record that included a perjury conviction.
“We’ve known for decades that hemoglobin is different in a fetus — it doesn’t sickle, and it works as well as adult hemoglobin,” said Dr. Stuart Orkin, a researcher at Harvard University who found the hemoglobin switch.
When Carolyn Hawkins, 75, officiates at weddings, sometimes she dresses up and sometimes she dresses down.
Everybody involved in the incident was operating in an emotional and moral context that has been set by the viciousness of the Black Hebrew Israelites.
The domaine makes a second wine, Télégramme, which is generally excellent and about half the price.
The law, the Telecommunications and Other Legislation Amendment (Assistance and Access) Act 2018, applies only to tech products used or sold in Australia.
He already got a call.
Four times in the last seven seasons, Tulowitzki has played 91 games or fewer.
The Islanders could have asked Tavares to waive his no-trade clause at last year’s trade deadline to give the franchise a chance to recoup assets for him, its best player.
They appear to be betting that California lawmakers will eventually set up a better approach for bearing the costs of more frequent wildfires.
Colorado’s progress on gay rights was coaxed into motion by the concerted effort of a number of wealthy and committed Coloradans — including Jared Polis.
Don’t get me wrong, La Vieille Ferme and wines like it are fine.
survey said tariffs were weighing on profits, or raising costs.
I didn’t even know who it was.
Residents there spent Monday digging out from up to a foot of precipitation from a weekend storm that earned an unofficial name ribbing off the government shutdown: “Snurlough,” combining snow and furlough.
“Juli and I extend our deepest sympathies to the Jimenez family.
La precariedad de los partidos genera otra consecuencia antidemocrática rara vez señalada: los caudillos, improvisados y empresarios casi nunca son mujeres.
New York is one of several states with what is known as a blindfold law, which allows prosecutors to withhold crucial evidence from defendants until their trials are about to begin.
And a first major title for South Africa’s Kevin Anderson, which would be the first for an African in singles in 38 years.
Each put in efforts that, while impeccably (if predictably) skilled and on message; while communicating brand image and direction; while maintaining what people persist in calling the “DNA” of their labels (as if late-stage capitalism were genetically determined), mostly left this observer feeling numb.
New York impressions: When I visited New York, the stations were grungier and more rundown than the U-Bahn.
If the accessories work well, the pieces are paid for and left where they are; if not, they are returned.
In his previous four victories, Mickelson was twice the leader or a co-leader after 36 holes, tied for third once and tied for eighth once.
(FT) • The Rhine, a crucial commercial artery in Europe for moving coal, food and thousands of other goods, is running dry because of climate change.
It’s just when women talk, some people think we’re shouting.” Women are conscious that small elements of how they present themselves are subject to scrutiny.
But turnout was nearly as strong in Collier County, a more well-heeled community on the gulf that includes Naples.
“We got a tremendous amount of mail,” Ms. Stearns said in 2001, “because people had never seen a husband and wife in real life doing skits that were based on what really happened in our marriage.
This season, he has not played at all in three A.C.C.
“There is going to be a stream of visitors.
But I was just in Australia for six weeks, and I had it treated at home with this shea butter, cream and an essential oil batch that my friend makes.
Ultimately, the character died from an opioid overdose, and critics have mostly praised “The Conners.” “Writers are experienced with devices that get rid of a character either for a little while or a long time,” said Martin Kaplan, director of the Norman Lear Center for media and society at the University of Southern California.
investigation, Mr. LaRouche was convicted in Virginia on charges of scheming to defraud the Internal Revenue Service and of deliberately defaulting on more than $30 million in loans from thousands of his supporters.
At a rally for Jazmine on Saturday in a Walmart parking lot near the shooting scene, supporters clutched banners and artwork dedicated to Jazmine.
I think I have tried pretty much everything I could to get it right, and that hasn’t worked.” Murray had hip surgery last January, and he said he had seen his Melbourne-based surgeon on Thursday.
We have had clandestine meetings with members of the armed forces and the security forces.
Ms. Nelson is most likely in the minority, but she believes that across fields, workers are primed to transition into a more confrontational relationship with management.
Ms. del Castillo attempted to secure the rights to Mr. Guzmán’s story for a movie, but Mr. Newman said such an arrangement would not be necessary.
Toni Morrison released a new book of essays, “The Source of Self-Regard,” and James McBride, who reviewed it for The Times, voiced his gratitude for her influence on America and the healing power of her words.
“Can he possibly die?” or will he continue to haunt the narrator’s house — and that of his children, and his children’s children?
“Now I sometimes wonder,” he wrote, “whether there would be sufficient opportunity for a full life if the world were emptied of some of the useless things that give it spiritual significance; in other words, whether our conception of what is useful may not have become too narrow to be adequate to the roaming and capricious possibilities of the human spirit.” I thought of Flexner’s essay while following the New Horizons flyby of minor planet 2014 MU69, better known as Ultima Thule.
At the end of September, the company’s assets exceeded its debt by about $20 billion.
Instead of stepping back to explain the beliefs and practices of its main characters, it plunges you into the reality of their lives, trusting that both their humanity and their distinctiveness will be apparent, that they are no more inherently mysterious — or inherently noble — than anyone else.
The escape was delayed for more than an hour, and the tunnel mistakenly ended yards from the forest that the escapees had hoped would conceal them, forcing them to scramble for cover over open ground.
“As temperatures warm up, it gets more slippery.
We don’t know what he was doing.
It didn’t even occur to me to call it rape.
“By targeting Mr. Caughman, he was launching an attack against all African-Americans.” Mr. Vance said Mr. Jackson’s internet search history suggested that he was inspired by Dylann S. Roof, a white nationalist who killed nine black parishioners in a church in South Carolina in 2015.
The decision to contact you would be left to her.
In weekly sessions over several months, the therapists devise individual strategies that can help, at least in the early and moderate stages of the disease.
At least 13 states are flouting a requirement to cover abortion-inducing pills, and one state, South Dakota, has for 25 years failed to provide the required coverage for abortion in cases of rape or incest, the Government Accountability Office, a nonpartisan investigative arm of Congress, said in a report made public this month.
Johnson seized command on the second hole, when he hit a driver over the trees on the 367-yard hole, hopped it onto the green to 4 feet and made the putt for eagle.
It’s also representative of Shyamalan’s eccentric, intimately scaled superhero universe, one that leans on quirks of personality and quotidian fears rather than on computer-generated special effects and world-destroying brawls.
—Es una buena pregunta, porque me permite aclarar algunos malentendidos.
Sestak explains how two tenets of the American character — individualism and common enterprise — underlie his proposed policy positions to help restore the nation’s system of meritocracy.
Hasta 1984, una red similar llevaba mensajes a toda velocidad por París.
“Maybe you also think it’s silly that they don’t like broccoli, but that’s how they feel, and as little humans their feelings deserve to be respected.” Acknowledging and age-appropriately supporting kids’ crushes (“How’s Sarah doing?
“Folks are definitely taking care of their land since the government can’t.” And yet the shutdown continues, with local residents and local economies held hostage to something as puerile and idiotic as a temper tantrum over a wholly unrelated issue.
He was among the most conspicuous campaigners for other Democrats during the 2018 midterm election, making 39 trips to 24 states as he honed a central message — that this was a “moral moment in America” — that is likely to frame his future critiques of the Trump administration.
He left with his new team in first place.
The Montage isn’t the only aesthetically minded resort to pop up in the region.
In the absence of any empirical evidence about how well two-factor authentication works, organizations have been rushing to institute it in recent years for fear of falling behind their peers.
Times Insider explains who we are and what we do, and delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how our journalism comes together.
¿Quieres hacernos llegar tu opinión?
There’s a lot to be done with a hummus as good as Solomonov’s.
He has argued taking the extra time is worth the potential cost.
Hoy estoy viva solo gracias a que miles de generaciones de Homo sapiens resilientes lograron reproducirse y criar a sus hijos.
The back-to-back events have stretched the capacity of Australia’s emergency services to respond, said Martin Rice, the acting chief executive of the Climate Council, an Australian research group.
The book revolves around two families in London — the Iqbals, an immigrant couple from Bangladesh who have twin sons; and the Joneses, an Englishman married to a Jamaican woman, who have a daughter together.
On Tuesday, Mr. Malkovich told BBC radio that he expected “a lot of people” not to like the work, which he called a “black farce.” “Of course it might upset people who’ve experienced the kind of treatment that the play describes and that we watch,” he said.
“I love Frankenstein,” Mr. Kore-eda said, reverently.
If in 2020, he chooses to go to college, the Esquire story and the reaction to it will come up during his interview.
London Zoo: A rare male Sumatran tiger was paired with a female in a risky matchmaking operation, and on their first meeting, on Friday, he mauled her to death, prompting questions about whether the tragedy could have been avoided.
Mr. Gyure pleaded guilty in Federal District Court in Manhattan to one count of filing false returns, and has agreed to pay $156,920 to the Internal Revenue Service.
This is true for both men and women.
TRUMP: It describes and should describe accurately what’s going on in anywhere it’s covering whether it’s a nation or a state or a game or whatever.
Announcing the Syria pullout by Twitter without preparing the allies or framing the public explanations left even some of the president’s strongest supporters in Washington unnerved.
Amazon afirmó que la próxima semana también presentará una amplia gama de tecnologías que funcionan con Alexa, como parte de un concepto que llama Alexa Everywhere.
The post-trial drama began on Wednesday when one of the anonymous jurors emailed Keegan Hamilton, a Vice News reporter, and later told him — during an interview by video chat — that at least five members of the panel had disobeyed instructions from Judge Brian M. Cogan to ignore media coverage of the trial.
Within two songs, more than half the audience had moved near the stage.
Mr. de Blasio countered, saying the Amazon deal was pro forma.
The election commission’s early-morning announcement amounted to a startling official admission that Mr. Kabila’s candidate had suffered a defeat so big that his government — in power for 18 years — could not simply hand him the presidency without risking widespread violence and international condemnation.
It was a fitting end to the circuslike extravaganza.
It’s not hard to imagine a day when the makeup is flipped, and women constitute 70 percent of the Bundestag.
It passed in the state’s House and is waiting for debate in the State Senate.
Good morning, We start today with President Trump’s strategy in Iraq, the fallout from a racist photograph in Virginia, and another Super Bowl title for the Patriots.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
The migrant, a 55-year-old man from Honduras, had applied for asylum in the United States after crossing the border from Mexico.
“At this point in my life, I read what I want to read.”
Francis had sought to tamp down expectations about the Vatican meeting, fostered by some of his own bishops, that the conference would deliver instant remedies to end the scourge.
— Chris Thank youMark Josephson, Eleanor Stanford and James K. Williamson gave us the break from the news.
WASHINGTON — When Andrew Wheeler, President Trump’s nominee to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, testified before Senators on Wednesday at his confirmation hearing, he found himself walking a tightrope on the issue of climate change.
Many examples came from Africa, where priests were said to have turned to nuns for sex during the spread of AIDS.
But the Reagan administration would agree to end support only if the Soviets ceased all military aid to Kabul.
Of course, this study was observational.
Lipstadt makes short work of that defense.
They cleaned Mr. Trump’s cottage at his golf club in Bedminster, N.J., despite lacking legal status in the United States.
China: The country failed to meet its own government regulations requiring coal mines to cut back on methane emissions in the five years after 2010, a new study found.
“The apartments were typical Columbia student housing.” A $2,700 apartment on West 107th Street in Manhattan Valley was advertised as a two-bedroom.
Properly restored, the Old World details that define a prewar interior can offer more than aesthetic charm; they can add some serious value to your real estate, too.
If he loses his job or earns less, he pays less or even pays nothing — and his inability to pay does not reflect on his credit rating.
“We’re lucky to live within an hour.” Some parents and students joined the teachers on the picket line.
They’ve been putting me off for over 10 years now.
She also defended Johnny Baca’s conviction for murder even though judges found a prosecutor presented false testimony at the trial.
After proposing to his girlfriend, Haley Walsh, in November with a ring he bought in Vegas, he went back to work on his fielding.
Several studies show that as many as 50 percent of people with one of the three well-established BRCA1 and BRCA2 gene variants that 23andMe tests for would not qualify for traditional screening under current guidelines.
Credit unions managed to figure it out quite quickly.
Mr. Zanis said he mostly pays for the memorials out of his own pocket, although he has received donations in the past.
El resultado ha sido una necesidad de liberar a muchas personas migrantes de los centros, quienes en multitud de casos tan solo son llevadas a estaciones de autobuses.
He began his political career as a Nixon volunteer and is so performatively devoted to his disgraced hero that he has the man’s jowly face tattooed on his own back.
In booming markets like San Francisco, Denver and Miami, where gentrification is squeezing affordable housing, demand for these types of programs is growing.
In 2003, Claudia Gould, the director of the Jewish Museum, moved into the third floor apartment below.
The campaign aims to attract visitors during off-peak times and to lesser-known regions, and also to help businesses better cater to visitors from China.
I pass it every day on my way to and from the library.
Only one of these will yield lasting insights into the nature of matter.
“They must be fairly waterproof, too — door speakers get rained and splashed on.” Anything audio companies can do to make installation easier on the assembly line saves money, too; Bose devised a “one screw” method to securely install speakers.
The Greek officials pushed back against the rising anti-immigrant sentiment across Europe, telling the fishermen that their actions were an example to all Europeans.
“We believe there is a very big opportunity for The New York Times to be one of the handful of dominant global news producers,” she said.
Just more than anything else, I guess, I wished him good luck.
Early in the trial, Jesus Zambada García, one of Mr. Guzmán’s top logistics chiefs, told jurors how workers had dug a tunnel in the early 1990s under an innocuous-looking ranch house in Agua Prieta, Mexico, that reached a warehouse in Douglas.
“We’re trying to help men by expanding their emotional repertoire, not trying to take away the strengths that men have.” And the document’s critics?
The score, played here by the ensemble Contemporaneous under William Cole’s direction, ingeniously translates some fraught conversations between a doctor and patient into a percussion duet.
The aquarium put out a video of the pair singing to each other.
At the Independent Spirits, perhaps Pippi was the afternoon’s biggest winner.
A knife attack that wounded three people in a busy train station in Manchester, England, is being investigated as an act of terrorism, the police said on Tuesday.
“We will take appropriate action, up to and including expulsion,” the statement said.
Esa mínima muestra de vulnerabilidad significó que ya no era el reservado profesor Brooks, ahora era solo un tipo más que intentaba sortear las dificultades de la vida.
And that led her to become the driving force behind the creation of Title IX, the sweeping civil rights law of 1972 that barred sex discrimination by educational institutions that received federal funding.
I was curious about how you connect to that denial, so I picked the worst material that everyone really hates, chain-link, and said, “What if I tried to take chain-link and make it part of the art, part of the beauty?
Gail: Can’t wait to take this up.
The victims and survivors of Parkland, and of the 339 other mass shootings in 2018 alone, deserve more than pious sentiment and political cowardice.
A judge ordered her back onto the court.
Sandy and Mark had moved a few rows back.
Because she had already lived an unusually long life, I wondered whether the woman wished she had died before killing the girl, but the question of who is responsible in that situation appears to be somewhat opaque.
“Absolutely.” SafeSport says it resolves cases as quickly as possible, but acknowledges a backlog from being underfunded and understaffed.
“It’s historical and about technological progress; you cannot erase facts from history,” she said in an interview, sitting next to her father, Julius Urbaitis, 55.
A memorial to those who lost their lives in 2018 “By comparing the strength of anti-Semitism in the United States today with what it had been in previous decades or centuries,” he continued, “the obvious conclusion is that it has declined in potency and will continue to do so for the foreseeable future.” Leonard Dinnerstein was born on May 5, 1934, in the Bronx to Abraham Dinnerstein, a Jewish immigrant from what is now Belarus, and Lillian (Kubrick) Dinnerstein, a homemaker and the daughter of Jewish immigrants from Austria and Romania.
In the aftermath, the government has pushed to modernize aging urban dwellings.
Los estudiosos lo llaman resemantización: darle otro sentido al mismo vocablo.
Finally, we end the day with whodunits.
El primero consiste en que tu atención estará secuestrada siempre que percibas una “amenaza”.
Is Mr. Wolkoff worried about overbuilding or some residents’ distaste for how the tower was erected?
Federal prosecutors are reviewing his extortion claim, the NYT reports, citing unnamed sources.
To every house, she lugged “two spray bottles, one container of powdered Comet, two sponges, one pair of yellow gloves, 50 white rags, two dusters, one Oreck vacuum, two mop handles.” As a rule, she started in the upper left corner of the building or room and worked her way across and down until she was done — not unlike a reader.
Manafort is disappointed of not getting acquittals all the way through.
The benefits in the proposal would apply to every American who works full-time — and potentially even those who are part-time, temporary or self-employed — expanding on the current law, which is estimated to cover about 60 percent of the work force.
Last year, state officials said the cost of the project was likely to balloon to $100 billion, and the rail authority had so far come up with about a third of that.
The performance may settle in.
“I never gave myself enough credit,” he told The Union-Tribune in 1987.
The Brazil-border closure, announced on television, followed a Venezuelan government announcement on Wednesday that it would block air and sea travel between Venezuela and three Caribbean islands where the opposition said it wished to stage relief supplies.
Or are they mostly on their own in figuring out what they will do after high school?
“My role was to keep my eyes open, learn as much as I could, make connections, and follow wherever my connections took me.” Mr. Glick’s photographs are at once vivid and intimate, a window into the everyday lives of their subjects: the male residents of so-called bachelor apartments, quietly reading newspapers or eating meals; a worker pressing clothes in one of the city’s then ubiquitous hand laundries; a chaotic garment factory, piles of fabric strewn on tables; children playing, interacting with parents, or hanging out on the street; and a young man sporting a T-shirt from the punk rock band the Ramones, a harbinger of Chinatown’s impending demographic and cultural shifts.
Apprehensions at the southwestern border, by month Obama 34,647 Bush Average per month: 81,588 Trump 28,869 150,000 100,000 50,000 2001 2003 2005 2007 2009 2011 2013 2015 2017 Apprehensions at the southwestern border, by month Trump 28,869 Obama 34,647 Bush 81,588 Average per month 150,000 100,000 50,000 2001 2005 2009 2013 2017 Source: U.S. Customs and Border Protection By The New York Times The White House did not respond to requests on Friday or Monday to explain the president’s latest statement.
It was one of the first restaurants in Canada to confine smoking to sealed rooms and then to ban it altogether.
“In addition to the violations not found and the inspections not done, there is also the impact of no inspectors in the field doing unannounced inspections,” she added, asking: “Will that result in more violations because companies know E.P.A.
But the overarching reason for opening an East Coast design center in the heart of Boston was far more practical: Asics was following the talent.
“We are the only squatters in France supported by City Hall,” Ms. Etcheverry said, grinning.
The collective leadership of the Church of England, a powerful institution in Britain, has been in favor of staying in the European Union.
But to offend Trump and Haley was, in the end, a bridge too far for the Israeli prime minister.
Mr. Wouters did not provide a cost estimate, but said he expected it to be cheaper than the city’s plans, which are estimated to cost $3.2 billion to $4 billion.
But Nick Bilton of Vanity Fair writes that in its final months, Theranos’s founder, Elizabeth Holmes, tried to abandon a high-spending lifestyle and attempted to convince employees that everything was O.K.
It has been painful to watch the downfall of the actor Jussie Smollett.
“At some point I realized I need to do more than this,” said Mr. Singer, a former high school guidance counselor.
Motonari Otsuru, Mr. Ghosn’s lead lawyer in Tokyo and a former top prosecutor, has speculated that the executive’s detention could stretch for many months.
Reports of the death of fashion week, a mainstay in front-row complaining, have been, to say the least, premature.
Few prison guards interviewed leveled any criticism at the president or his border policy, instead blaming the impasse on both Republicans and Democrats in Congress who have failed to reach any agreement.
Race is a policy issue just like international affairs, health care and trade.
The first incident happens here, and it draws the medics in.
Because the calamity here is women’s loss of faith in themselves, Mother Abbess aims to address it through a revamped and female-oriented cosmology.
Indeed, 31 national emergencies declared by Mr. Trump and his predecessors remain active.
At one point, Gomez claimed that cops coerced Stevens into falsely identifying more than 25 different people as culprits in various crimes, but when I spoke with lawyers who represented several of those defendants, none of them recalled hearing about a witness named Stevens.
“Between you and me, that’s what ended the shutdown, you know,” Senator Sanders told Ms. Nelson in his office.
Princess Wright, 22, said she had worked at a McDonald’s in Downtown Brooklyn since 2014 before she was suddenly fired in November for missing a shift.
“I know we seem aggressive reading the Bible, but the Bible states for us to cry aloud and don’t spare anybody’s feelings,” he said.
Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon and the owner of The Washington Post, did not become the world’s richest man by refusing to do what it takes to win.
Sign up here for Climate Fwd:, our email newsletter.
Some of Detroit’s Chinese factories have slowed to a crawl.
The news release said they would “continue to engage new partners and funders.” The question of what the tech industry should do to ease housing crises in tech hubs has roiled Bay Area politics in recent years.
No es que yo sea partidario de la ley del Talión, ni mucho menos, pero desgraciadamente las penas estarán siempre por debajo de lo que han sido esos crímenes, que van más allá de todo castigo posible.
“People thought we were absolutely mad, but they said, ‘If you survive this, you’ve really got a chance of making it,’” Ms. Ordovas said.
You see, the mere thought of having a young, articulate, telegenic nonwhite woman serve is driving many on the right mad — and in their madness they’re inadvertently revealing their true selves.
[Read our piece about serial memoirists, including Shapiro, here] Shapiro had long known that she was conceived in Philadelphia, at a clinic for couples with fertility problems: “Not a pretty story,” in her mother’s words.
The anchors refer to an Academy Award as an “arrogance enhancement totem” and our very planet as a “backwater outpost.” So the show promises to stand out in the ever more crowded field of late-night programming through otherworldly skepticism and, well, by being hosted by a pair of cartoon aliens.
Under one such reform, the president would have to consult with the leaders of both parties in Congress before issuing a declaration.
“These groups care about attribution.
Airport security could eventually collapse as workers desert their jobs.
“Every time you have a conversion, there is a risk of choppy floor plans,” Ms. Chong said.
Aunque alguna vez fue cautelosa respecto de sus controles, en la actualidad China predica la visión de un internet supervisado por el gobierno, la cual tiene una resonancia sorprendente en otros países.
After the conductor Franz Welser-Möst, who originally suggested Mr. Sharon for the production, dropped out three weeks before the premiere because of urgently needed knee surgery, Ms. de la Parra was given the task of coordinating flying singers and coaching an actor unfamiliar with opera through one of the piece’s central roles.
Asked if the controllers’ association would consider organizing a strike, a walkout or another job action if the shutdown continued in the long run, Ms. Gilbert said the union “would not condone or endorse any kind of activity like that.” “We have taken an oath,” she said.
SOLOSKI Most Broadway shows now have lotteries and once a year, they offer a deal where a child can attend for free if an adult buys a full-price ticket.
A thought experiment might help to illustrate this.
But his liberal record has been questioned by liberal hard-liners in recent weeks as his voting history in the House has received additional scrutiny.
“I’m responsible for your silliness because I did the same thing that you’re doing now, for 10 years,” Mr. Cohen said.
The move comes as 1stdibs continues to expand as a global e-commerce site, a process that has not always been smooth for the dealers that are its lifeblood.
In later years, South Africans tended to refer to her affectionately as “Mam Dorothy.” In the late 1950s she performed often in both South Africa and Southern Rhodesia, becoming a top act in both countries.
If I don’t make it out alive, at least there’s this video.” Sheikha Latifa first faced rigid restrictions after her sister’s failed escape attempt years earlier.
Mr. Trump’s rally in El Paso is his most significant since the midterm elections that delivered the House of Representatives to Democrats.
And yet I adored her and her belief that love could come from any direction and in any guise, that there were different kinds and each of them was good.
“We didn’t get Ph.D.s just to sit around,” he said.
Testing Levels the Playing Field How to Fight Doping in Sports Would legal doping level playing field?
But privilege didn’t save the congregants of the Tree of Life synagogue last year.
Pam McGriff, the owner of a custom interior car detailing shop in Holly Pond, didn’t vote in Mr. Jones’s first election but said she would consider supporting him in 2020 if he supported Mr. Trump.
[The New York Times] • And see how California’s power generation changed from 2001 to 2017 in this interactive.
For presidents, State of the Union speeches rarely grease the wheels of bipartisanship.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
“Everywhere you look, it’s CBD this, CBD that,” Gilkison says.
Its two remaining chains, American InterContinental University and Colorado Technical University, which operate mainly online, enrolled about 35,000 students last year.
En 2017, USCIS terminó los trámites de la mitad de sus solicitudes, en comparación con el 60 por ciento de procesos revisados en 2016 (los datos para 2018 no están disponibles).
“You fly over here to Europe,” he explained, “and the app tells you that you have just burned 1.7 tons of CO₂.
Mr. Jackson’s lawyer, Frederick L. Sosinsky, said his client’s “lost soul and broken spirit permitted him to act as he never acted before.” On St. Patrick’s Day in 2017, Mr. Jackson boarded a bus in Washington, D.C., and rode it to New York City where he believed his attack would receive the most media attention.
Some of the condemners counter that their essential point remains, that entitlement, cruelty and racism persist and even thrive in today’s America.
I’m a great admirer of the so-called Trump resistance.
Their ideas of “yes” were so elastic that for some they encompassed behavior that met the legal criteria for assault — such as the guy who had coerced his girlfriend into anal sex (she had said, “I don’t want to, but I guess I’ll let you”).
Current and former officials said it was possible Mr. Whelan was seized to exchange him for Ms. Butina.
“Oh, yeah, that’s what we were called before we were Bernstein,” she said.
Do you commit this summer to a long-term contract of the sort that would tickle the tummy of Croesus?
In 2014, only 25.2 percent of the writers voted for Martinez.
Additional Reading: • At 243 Pounds, Trump Tips the Scale Into Obesity • Trump Is in ‘Very Good Health’ Following His Annual Physical, His Doctor Says
I (like most people) often balk at taking action in these moments, feeling my hand on the crossroads of someone’s path, to mangle a small group of metaphors.
Their message, after all, has long been about bridge-building and healing.
He persevered despite sprays of vitriol from this nation’s president, Donald J. Trump, who in 2017 used the specter of this black man to stir resentments.
— Why do you think a record number of people have liked the Instagram post?
The camera flashes, and you come back to each other and to the fact that love doesn’t fail even when you do.
He pressured James Comey, then the F.B.I.
“Building settlements in occupied territories was the single most grave error and sin in the history of modern Zionism, because it was based on a refusal to accept the simple fact that we are not alone in this country,” Oz told me.
The next day, the PGA Tour announced that it had rescinded the penalty after reviewing McCarthy’s actions, and his score of 67 became a 65.
There was an edition in 2008; there may be one in the works right now.
When Westover’s father visited her at Harvard, he told her, “You have been taken over by Lucifer.” She saw it differently.
5, Alessandro Piccinini’s “Toccata cromatica” and Salvatore Sciarrino’s “Infinito Nero” — a 20th-century setting for the words of a 17th-century mystic’s visions.
It romanticizes the dewiness of youngsters.
“They are delivered directly to you, within 24 hours.
He cited a meeting in June 2016 at Trump Tower in Manhattan with Russians who claimed to have “dirt” on Hillary Clinton.
[Never miss a pop music story: Get our weekly newsletter, Louder.]
“I remember laughing out loud and saying, ‘You know I don’t know the first thing about gymnastics,’” Kondos Field recalled.
Un baño para doce mujeres y la cama de arriba tiene luz fluorescente en el techo.
?” I heard her ask.
Probably too soon.” As to whether the two leaders would meet before the deadline, Mr. Trump said, “no” and nodded his head.
Also, the tres leches cake, if not as soggy with condensed milk as it could be, is still pretty good, though I think the flan is almost mandatory, and it, too, is a perfectly credible birthday-candle holder.
• Facebook’s apps and websites have been blocked in China for years.
Next month, the former police chief in the town of La Joya is scheduled to go on trial, after he was indicted on drug charges and accused by federal authorities of helping a drug-trafficking organization transport narcotics while working as a police sergeant in Progreso, Tex.
For centuries, pilgrims said they had observed a ban against women ages 10 to 50 entering.
One volume of her memoirs was about a man she loved deeply, who forsook her to marry another woman.
It might even justify buying the game multiple times.
In his yearly message in 1907, Roosevelt proposed a steeply graduated inheritance tax, explaining that “no advantage comes either to the country as a whole or to the individuals inheriting the money by permitting the transmission in their entirety of the enormous fortunes.” Moreover, “such a tax would help to preserve a measurable equality of opportunity for the people of the generations growing to manhood.” President Trump and his fellow Republicans might be interested to know that T.R.
En los últimos días, más demócratas influyentes han respaldado a Guaidó, entre ellos la presidenta de la Cámara de Representantes, Nancy Pelosi, y el exvicepresidente Joseph R. Biden Jr. Trump ha declarado que está abierto a todas las opciones respecto de Venezuela, entre ellas las que incluyen al ejército.
That was the cry of tech from its start — especially of the internet types like the Amazon head, Jeff Bezos.
This daguerreotype of the Tuileries Palace shows how Girault was beginning to understand photography as an archival medium — whose value, in this case, Girault could not yet know.
El escritor cubano Ambrosio Fornet se ha referido a este periodo como un “quinquenio gris” (otros críticos aseguran que se trató, en realidad, de todo un “decenio negro”), marcado por la censura y el acoso.
In an annual report, the conference organizers have pointed out that a key source of anxiety among America’s traditional allies was the forceful, at times erratic way in which the administration asserts itself on the world stage.
“I desperately don’t want them to lose this family too.”
“If I didn’t play in the N.F.L., I know I wouldn’t have been in this situation,” he said, referring to his life as a “full-on pill addict.” Asked what the N.F.L.
This is the same deep learning technology that recognizes faces in the photos you post to Facebook.
Yael Eckstein has been the Fellowship’s global executive vice president and is expected to continue her father’s work.
Graham was collapsed behind a cluttered desk, sipping a Coke Zero and complaining of exhaustion.
Even with those impediments, the rupture traveled at super-shear velocity, and it did so right from the start.
And, as if forecasting her biography of Sarah Polk, Greenberg hailed her in that book as “one of the most powerful first ladies in history.” That’s certainly debatable, as is the striking assertion that Polk is the foremother of such conservative powerhouses as Phyllis Schlafly, Nancy Reagan and, oddly, Ivanka Trump.
That dynamic has remained part of popular music ever since, though it has often been expressed just by teasing implication or as an act of provocation for commercial gain.
In the meantime, the Texas case will ensure that the Republicans’ waffling and uncertainty on policy basics, like legal requirements regarding pre-existing conditions, remain in the spotlight.
But also: You really are aggravating.
And many indicators, such as language and education, suggest that integration in France today is largely successful.
Lawyers for the family of Stephon Clark, the unarmed black man who was fatally shot last March by Sacramento police officers, filed a wrongful-death lawsuit on Monday alleging that the officers who fired had racially profiled the 22-year-old and used excessive force.
Still, said Mr. Himanshu, the economist, Mr. Modi and his aides seemed even more sensitive about them.
Forno Collettivo is reviving the tradition of great bread in Milan (previously shouldered mainly by the bakery Panificio Davide Longoni).
His losing a renomination fight seems only slightly more likely.
In late November, the Foreign Ministry announced that Brazil was withdrawing its pledge to host the 2019 United Nations global summit meeting on climate change.
So far he’s paid $10,000 of that, paying a comfortable $250 per month.
An apartment on the 63rd floor that sold for $32.5 million in 2014 resold in 2018 for $23 million, a 29 percent price cut, according to StreetEasy data.
وبدأت الرسائل وال٠كال٠ات الهاتفية تتوالى ٠ن الأصدقاء والأقارب يسألون ع٠ا إذا كانت لجين أيضا قد تعرضت للتعذيب.
He is an influential media figure in the kingdom and a prominent adviser to the crown prince.
The following week, it said, he was to take part in Trident Juncture 2018, NATO’s “biggest exercise in decades.” Mr. Matberg’s image, sometimes seen with Norway’s Armed Forces, has appeared prominently on his Instagram account, which has 630,000 followers.
Expect a reception almost as chilly as the one you got when you brought a ham to your future in-laws’ vegan Thanksgiving.
Sound engineers using 32 ultrasensitive microphones are producing a database to store all the possible tones that four instruments selected from the Museo del Violino’s collection can produce.
He now wants $5.7 billion for the wall — but that number has bounced between $4 billion and $20 billion over the past three years.
De acuerdo con una niña de 10 años: “Cuando te deslizas sobre el hielo, el viento opone resistencia y sientes como si estuvieras volando”.
The senator clashed at times with his consulting team in 2016 — particularly Mr. Devine, and particularly at the end of the race when it was clear that Mr. Sanders could not win the nomination — but Mr. Mulvey and Mr. Longabaugh had been expected to play central roles in 2020.
“She was so exposed and so raw.” Ben Platt, the Tony-winning original star of “Dear Evan Hansen,” filmed his version of “She Used to Be Mine” in his childhood home.
Aspen Skiing Company spent 15 years working to move its local utility, Holy Cross Energy, to renewables.
It’s so totally different today; younger performers — Jinkx Monsoon, Bianca Del Rio, Peppermint — honor that word, and have personae they can stay true to, and I think that’s fabulous.” And Busch has no plans to abandon drag in his primary vehicle for it, theater.
For most of us, knowing exactly how much sleep you need to be healthy is likely to remain of academic interest.
The question now is to what extent nervous business leaders elsewhere will postpone investment as China slows, and how many investors will dump their shareholdings.
“You don’t know what time it is out there, you’re just having a really good time,” she said.
Some target individual African officials and their family members with cash bribes or deals for services, like legal representation or insurance.
“Honestly, it’s incredible,” said Brown, who skated right before Chen.
Others cited the opera’s difficult subject matter: An unsympathetic American naval lieutenant impregnates and abandons a Japanese teenager, later driving her to suicide.
His latest book, “Sleeping With Strangers,” is an argument — or several arguments — wrapped in a film history wrapped in a memoir.
So essentially, Mr. Rodriguez got paid for his cooperation after having worked for years with the Cifuentes family and El Chapo, and after trying to work with a Russian crime organization that turned out to be a group of F.B.I.
She clutched a banner reading “Justice” and “Jazmine” and a drawing of a princess she planned to give the family.
Canada accepts tens of thousands of refugees a year, but few have Ms. Alqunun’s stardom or powerful, if newly formed, network.
Certainly he embodies elements of the other groups: a desire to carve out his own parallel universe of work on certain issues that have always been important to him, especially on foreign policy; an instinct to avoid the distraction of weighing in on every Trump offense (“Don’t chase every barking dog,” he says); and a personal library of readily surfaceable aggressions from the 2016 campaign, in which Graham called the future president a “kook,” “crazy” and “unfit for office,” among other things — and which are easily juxtaposed today with Graham’s sycophantic raves about the president’s stellar golf game and reminders that Trump “beat me like a dog” in the 2016 presidential primary (no doubt delighting Trump with his nod to the president’s canine-themed pejoratives).
Osama bin Laden vestía el mismo patrón en sus apariciones públicas.
They were introduced in 1839, never widely used for landscapes, and largely replaced by a negative process by the time Watkins photographed Yosemite in 1861.
“In our risk averse industry, we cannot even calculate the level of risk currently at play, nor predict the point at which the entire system will break.” [Here is our guide to the government shutdown and updates on where things stand.]
I hope that the inquiry is enjoyable and guided by a spirit of openness.
Sometimes I hear screams — the loved ones receiving news that their son or daughter, brother or sister, spouse or partner, has been shot to death.
She and her husband, the Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, recently announced plans to divorce after 25 years of marriage.
“That’s why 6 percent is a really serious number.” The report is a comprehensive look at the job consequences of two disruptive economic changes Mr. Modi imposed in the past few years.
He could have even talked about the attempts at deal making with Mexico, the attempt at a bilateral arrangement that our southern neighbor would keep migrants on its territory while they applied for asylum on ours.
The soldiers would have given you extra bread.” In her second memoir, “Devotion,” she refers to herself as “the blond sheep” of her family.
But she said nothing about her condition for two months, waiting until the news conference after her final match of the season, in Singapore in October, to reveal the diagnosis.
But Mr. Weissmann told the judge that the question of whether any American, wittingly or unwittingly, engaged with Russians who were interfering in the election relates to “the core” of the special counsel’s inquiry.
Trump has pushed the authoritarian envelope further than any president (or major party presidential candidate) in recent memory.
Ms. Boone opened her gallery in Soho in 1977 and rose to prominence while showing the work of artists like Julian Schnabel and Jean-Michel Basquiat.
(It’s possible to recreate this at the Canal Street Market, where fish balls are sold as a side and the peanut sauce lurks among the condiments.)
And they caught the attention of Working Washington, a union-backed labor group in Seattle, which collected more than 1,500 signatures of Instacart shoppers who objected to the company’s pay practices.
“I am still struggling to renew my working relationship with Senator Graham,” he added.
If you too are worried about being in last place, check out this Runner’s World feature about people who finished last, and lived to tell the tale.
Mr. Lee urged her to eat it.
Those who knew her remembered her as both a larger-than-life presence and a woman who was delightfully unpretentious, a tireless performer who would ignore doctor’s orders to go onstage and a tireless promoter of her shows, even in front of a crowd of Brownie scouts.
It demanded that Gannett postpone all digital acquisitions and hire bankers to review strategic alternatives.
And here’s a hint: If an idea pops into your head but you find yourself immediately dismissing it as something you could never do … pick that!
The junta has restricted freedom of speech and assembly, sending perceived political opponents to so-called attitude adjustment camps.
Is there a social element?
We saw countless films in movie houses that no longer exist, places with majestic names demanding a “The” before them: The Oriental, The Benson, The Walker.
RAY ROMANO: RIGHT HERE, AROUND THE CORNER (2019) on Netflix.
I use a few apps that disguise themselves as something innocuous but in fact hide and protect data.
Among them are: Jennifer Lopez, who will perform a cover of “Heartbreak Hotel”; Ed Sheeran, performing “Can’t Help Falling in Love”; Shawn Mendes, singing “Hound Dog”; John Legend performing “A Little Less Conversation”; Carrie Underwood and Yolanda Adams doing a medley of gospel songs once sung by Presley; and Keith Urban singing “It’s Now or Never” with Post Malone.
Eric Pfeifer, a furloughed United States Forest Service employee, is not really sure how that would work.
Click on a county in the United States, or input a county in the box below the map, to see the relative probability that someone in any county has a Facebook friendship link to another county in America.
It looks at not only impulse buys but all the stuff in our lives that we spend money on, voluntarily or involuntarily: the big expenses like the mortgage on the house or homes and insurance, and the smaller, not-so-regular costs like maintenance, repairs and occasional remodeling of those homes.
Ms. Goodman said the role of the chef became more prominent thanks to the rise of the chef-as-celebrity, Instagram and food television.
Keon Broxton, an athletic but light-hitting outfielder, was acquired in a trade earlier this month, and Jeff McNeil is a converted infielder who has not played the outfield regularly since college.
Right now it’s “Lights Down Low,” but earlier it was “Pure Imagination” and “Girls Like You.”What I’m trying to say is, boredom truly is a great thing.
A push to save the Strand — a beloved bookstore that operates out of a 1902 Italianate building in Lower Manhattan — carries larger implications about the preservation of New York’s cultural heritage.
The hard part, now that it’s legal, is persuading people to stop buying from the black market.
We often ask readers for Back Story ideas.
“This is only temporary: with Kavanaugh on the court, abortion access hangs in the balance,” Dr. Leana Wen, president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said in an email.
“It’s not just giving players time to give them time,” Ellis added.
The lawsuit, filed in state supreme court in Manhattan, questions the city’s motives: “This is less a ‘study’ and more a ‘post hoc rationalization’ of a remedy the city appears to have already selected.” Lyft also opposes a permanent cap.
It has to be a constant thing.” Ms. Sonariwo operates on multiple fronts.
Sunny’s a mess.” I wanted to see these women kind of unraveling.
My current editors probably wouldn’t let me out of column writing after a devastating loss, and normal adult obligations leave less time for rereading Roger Angell’s season-recapping baseball essays for the 847th time.
$14.975 MILLION 127 East 69th Street (between Park and Lexington Avenues) Manhattan This 22-foot-wide five-story mixed-use townhouse, built in 1872 as one of 11 single-family rowhouses, is available in the Lenox Hill section of the Upper East Side Historic District.
A few new words today were like sliced bread; how had we not seen GARLIC BREAD or SHACKED UP before?
“I think that we are the children of a generation, even more than we are the children of our parents,” Zemmour told me.
In any case, experts think she’ll try to turn that vulnerability on its head, Politico reported, by presenting her law enforcement background as a foil to a “lawless” presidency.
______________ TRUMP: That doesn’t mean there are any guarantees.
Imagine keeping track of dozens of prescriptions intended to be dispensed every few hours.
Virginia’s history with racism is too fraught to allow this association with blackface (to say nothing of the Ku Klux Klan imagery) to stand unaddressed.
But during the financial crisis, the Fed’s rate cuts barely budged longer-term borrowing rates, which stayed stubbornly high.
— In your opinion, what was the most important thing that came out of the hearing?
We’d love to hear from you.
Whether Mr. Barr ends up relaying a redacted version of Mr. Mueller’s report or instead writes his own, he most likely will have to keep grand jury testimony secret.
[What’s new onstage and off: Sign up for our Theater Update newsletter] Ms. Farber’s staging for Signature Theater seems to complete this metamorphosis, clearly placing itself within the tradition of existential rather than political drama.
The documentarian Jeremiah Zagar adapts the 2011 novel by Justin Torres for his debut fiction feature, a dreamy, visceral coming-of-age story starring young nonprofessional actors.
Recently, private taxi drivers went on an informal strike, an almost unheard-of action, after the government announced nettlesome new regulations for such drivers as well as plans for more public transportation.
Deanna Fanning, 28, Laura Fanning, 28, Kiko Kostadinov, 29, London Kiko Kostadinov’s career took off in 2016, after his graduate collection of men’s wear was bought by Dover Street Market.
¿Qué significa para esa región la promesa de Donald Trump de construir un muro?
Mr. Newsom called for ramping up spending on education, health care and homelessness, as well as to pay down the debt.
But this accusation from Sander Bijl, Six told me, changed things.
The company’s ambitions for mass production may still seem extreme.
And the violence he inspires, shown in this film in footage culled from phone videos and other immediate media sources, is horrific.
And when we finally achieve it — and we will — we’ll all owe him our gratitude.”
Aunque sus subordinados ya han ofrecido detalles sobre las operaciones del cártel, el capo podría ofrecer información más privada, por ejemplo cómo habría hecho para sobornar a un presidente de México.
Still, he swung in batting cages on college campuses between on-camera appearances.
He is bighearted, but his appetites get him into trouble.
During the Olympics, for instance, The Post set up alerts on Slack, the workplace messaging system, to inform editors if a result was 10 percent above or below an Olympic world record.
Times Insider explains who we are and what we do, and delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how our journalism comes together.
But I also said that there were a few things that I wanted to convey to the president following up on our previous meeting.
Like Zika, CMV can cause serious health problems for unborn babies.
“I can still see ‘The Witch of Blackbird Pond’ on the shelves of the Horsham library,” she said.
“We are obviously very happy with this very clear, near unanimous decision about the Chagos Archipelago,” Jagdish D. Koonjul, the ambassador of Mauritius at the United Nations, said by telephone.
The president’s optimistic assessment came amid indications that the administration may be preparing to deliver something that Mr. Kim desperately wants: a joint political statement declaring an end to the Korean War.
In Finnish coaching, the level is going higher and higher.
The state spent about half as much as New York did on the average student in 2016, the last year for which federal comparisons were available.
A key provision, rooted in an 1878 statute and added to the law in 1956, declares that whoever “willfully uses any part of the Army or the Air Force” to execute a law domestically “shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than two years” — except when “expressly authorized by the Constitution or Act of Congress.” Another provision, grounded in a statute from 1807 and added to the law in 1981, requires the secretary of defense to “ensure that any activity (including the provision of any equipment or facility or the assignment or detail of any personnel)” must “not include or permit direct participation by a member of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps in a search, seizure, arrest, or other similar activity unless participation in such activity by such member is otherwise authorized by law.” In response to the Hurricane Katrina disaster in New Orleans, Congress created an express exception to the rules, and authorized the military to play a backup role in “major public emergencies.” But in 2008 Congress and President Bush repealed this sweeping exception.
Recibimos muchísimas respuestas... pero casi ninguna era una buena noticia.
En la mayoría de los países centroamericanos, los niveles de pobreza se han reducido en el mismo periodo y el crecimiento económico, con pocas excepciones, superó al promedio latinoamericano entre 2014 y 2017.
A national study, started in the early 2000s, found modest cognitive benefits that faded out within a year.
How do we let guests know that children are not allowed?
The Times’s obituary, which called Baker “one of the best-known newspaper humorists of his time,” noted that his “whimsical, irreverent ‘Observer’ column appeared in The New York Times and hundreds of other newspapers for 36 years and turned a backwoods-born Virginian into one of America’s most celebrated writers.” If you’ve never read any of his 15 books — or if you’d like to rediscover some old favorites — these six books are a fine way to start.
Whatever board or platter you use, you want it full, ideally with a suprising mix of things.
Magnitogorsk — which means Magnetic Mountain and is named for nearby iron-ore deposits so massive they are said to distort compass readings — is a city whose very name has long been redolent of the hardships of Russia’s industrial backwaters.
Ms. Randall Williams descends from Nashville literary royalty: Her mother is the novelist and songwriter Alice Randall; her paternal grandfather was the civil-rights activist Avon Williams; a great-grandfather was the Harlem Renaissance poet (and later Fisk University writer-in-residence) Arna Bontemps.
That is partly because, unlike Microsoft, IBM and other tech giants, Amazon has been less willing to publicly discuss concerns.
Read our “best and worst” of this year’s ceremony.
I should mention that I was carrying around a rather large film camera, with which I’d taken pictures of the city and of Ullmann, now and again.
“It is the derby of derbies,” Jan de Jong, an IJsselmeervogels fan, said.
Behind the secrecy: Our Australia bureau chief explains how the country shrouds law enforcement and the courts in unusual secrecy, particularly in cases of sexual and family violence.
(Want to get this briefing by email?
It was the first recorded murder on the subway in just over six months.
Note: Our Sixth Annual 15-Second Vocabulary Video Challenge is underway.
(Bloomberg) • The English soccer club Arsenal announced plans to open several themed restaurants in China as part of a marketing push to reach fans there.
Primates are especially frequent victims.
“The American photographers all want to be called artists.
Later, three victims, including the one who chose him from among the photos, identified him in a live lineup, Mr. Penn’s lawyers said.
The decision to choose the critic, Senator Michael Gianaris, for the board immediately presented a direct political challenge for Mr. Cuomo — who must decide whether to refuse the Senate’s selection.
And while Michael Cohen did not explicitly say that part, he did say that Donald Trump spoke in a code and that Michael Cohen understood that code.
Read on to find out why: Machines are not people A.I.
The plastic bag ban plan is back.
In his telling, it remains the platonic ideal of legislation, passed with the support of majorities of both parties.
Republicans said they have been delighted to discover Mr. Wheeler is as enthusiastic about repealing environmental regulations and promoting coal as Mr. Pruitt was, and are looking to him to cement Mr. Trump’s legacy as a warrior against what they see as regulatory overreach.
“It’s overt, public, and only strengthens the case that Israel’s been making over the last year.” Countering the American-led gathering, President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia announced a summit meeting with the leaders of Iran and Turkey in Sochi on Thursday, the main day of the Warsaw conference, setting up rival events.
A lawyer representing Nevada warned that if these sorts of lawsuits could be filed, it could end the state’s death penalty altogether.
Nearly two weeks ago, more than two-thirds of House Republicans voted to overturn the Trump administration’s move to ease sanctions on Russian companies linked to a prominent oligarch, Oleg V. Deripaska.
But Ms. Judd has an A-list director on her side: Peter Jackson, who came forward early last year to say he removed Ms. Judd from a “Lord of the Rings” casting list “as a direct result” of what he now thought was “false information” provided by Mr. Weinstein.
“When you’re looking for an animal that can hold its breath for the duration of a feature-length movie, it’s a matter of odds and time on the water,” says Greg Schorr, a researcher with the nonprofit conservation and tag development company, Marine Ecology and Telemetry Research.
I asked Claire to take the test after our third date.
“In some ways, I let my fears drive me,” he said.
Sin embargo, a pesar de que #MeToo ha logrado crear un conocimiento común en torno a la conducta inapropiada de los hombres poderosos como Harvey Weinstein, ha fracasado en cuanto a crear un consenso en una escala más amplia, lo cual es crucial.
Los fiscales habían acusado a Galeano de formar parte en un complot para pagarle a un acusado 400.000 dólares provenientes de los fondos públicos con el fin de implicar a un grupo de policías de Buenos Aires en el atentado.
Reflecting Friday’s optimistic tone, crude oil prices also rose.
When did you start watching the show?
After weeks of intense effort, they and their team had a working program, except for one glitch: It was supposed to stop when the missile landed, but for some reason it kept running.
The fall of Enron cost shareholders billions of dollars and its employees their retirement savings.
He later testified as a defense witness in the conspiracy trial of Mr. Stans and John N. Mitchell, the former attorney general.
His father, Carmen, was a composer and conductor, and his mother, Eloise (Rawitzer) Dragon, was a soprano who sang on radio programs.
In the past, the administration has asked courts to strike down individual elements of the A.C.A., but to leave the rest of the law in place.
Brian F. Schaffner (@b_schaffner) is a political scientist at Tufts.
By the end of “Principia,” whose fancy Latin title alludes not so helpfully to Isaac Newton, this wistfulness has already turned into wistful memory, as all the images of the dance return in an artfully composed, meditative skein.
This is too good to be true.
At least some candidates — Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota among them — seem to think so.
“The feedback received will be fed back to the Council together with the results of the other consultation platforms.” FIFA’s task force for the two tournaments will hold its next meeting on Feb. 21 in Rio de Janeiro.
Rather than Bigfoot or Sasquatch, the creature likes to call itself “Susan.” If that makes you laugh, “Missing Link” could be the movie for you.
Or the possibility that the Midwestern employee had a higher salary requirement.
(When it comes to radishes, for me more is more.)
Debido a que no puede correr o ejercitarse mucho, ahora pesa alrededor de 136 kilos.
The Quran-based courses at the mosque, he said, can rely too heavily on memorization rather than allowing students to express themselves.
It is almost unsettling when you sacrifice for people you would not normally like.
He’s very nice to me.” Graham’s contempt for Trump in the 2016 campaign was such that he could not bring himself to support the Republican nominee.
That we are entitled to a presumption of innocence, a measure of forgiveness, a sense for our times, and multiple opportunities for redemption.
John Bogle, the father of low-cost investing, once said that the index fund was the “most successful innovation — especially for investors — in modern financial history.” It’s easy to see why.
I think we need to appreciate him for what he is and who he is and what he’s done at an early age.” The grandson of John McVay, who was a Giants head coach and an executive who helped shape the dynastic San Francisco 49ers of the 1980s and 1990s, Sean McVay was a star quarterback in high school — he was named Georgia’s 4A offensive player of the year over Calvin Johnson in 2003 — but a transition to wide receiver at Miami University did not lead to any professional opportunities.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
His father retired as a software engineer for General DataComm Industries, a communications device manufacturer in Naugatuck, Conn.
In December, five accused MS-13 members lured a 23-year-old man, Ian Cruz, to a bird sanctuary in Far Rockaway, Queens, where he was shot to death.
And Gen. John F. Kelly, who stepped down this week as White House chief of staff, said in an exit interview that his tenure at the White House should be judged on what he prevented the president from doing.
The Neapolitan-style pie became a chic dinner-party staple that could also be supplemented with a salad for a filling, family meal.
He can be vigorously obsessive-compulsive, as Kenneth Branagh played him in “Murder on the Orient Express” in 2017.
He was never to approach the boss.
Instead, he said, a Russian bank could provide the documents as part of “a business meeting not political.” The Moscow trip for Mr. Trump and Mr. Cohen never materialized, but court documents released in November as part of Mr. Cohen’s guilty plea showed that Mr. Cohen pursued the Moscow project well into 2016.
These are edited excerpts from the conversation.
“Cloud service providers shifted from building capacity to absorbing capacity,” Robert Swan, who was then Intel’s chief financial officer and acting chief executive, said on a conference call after Intel released its fourth-quarter results.
THE WIFEBy Meg Wolitzer [This is an excerpt from the original book review, “In the Shadow of the Big Boys.”] Here are three words that land with a thunk: “gender,” “writing” and “identity.” Yet in “The Wife,” Meg Wolitzer has fashioned a light-stepping, streamlined novel from just these dolorous, bitter-sounding themes.
Greg didn’t smoke and he didn’t drink.
“This kind of opportunity may never come again,” he said.
The proposals to expand the Club World Cup and to create a new global Nations League similar to the recently created UEFA version largely have the backing of officials from South America, Africa and Asia — likely enough to win a vote should Infantino choose to take one at the Miami meeting.
Plumes of smoke rose from the hillside as firefighters worked into the early hours of Wednesday morning to control the blaze, which were visible from the city center.
His first stop in the N.F.L.
But his behavior came under renewed scrutiny in January after the documentary “Surviving R. Kelly,” which chronicled the allegations against him, aired on Lifetime.
One of four children, she was raised in New York but moved to Stamford with her family nine years ago.
[Read about the controversial history of the Northam yearbook.]
Her sense of balance was precarious.
transcript My name is Alfonso Cuarón.
The law does not require the Justice Department to release a report, and Mr. Mueller has been silent on the issue.
¿Y el mundo solitario sigue ahí?
PG&E stopped making payments for some claims from the 2015 Butte Fire.
Start out with a very clear idea in your mind about the point you want to make.
As a politician who famously claimed a “vast right-wing conspiracy,” she has warned about the barrage of Republican attacks they are likely to face.
Money isn’t moving, and when farmers aren’t moving their money, whole towns suffer.
In 2016, Ken Griffey Jr. came the closest yet, getting 99.3 percent of the vote.
After skipping the clay-court season for the second year in a row, he lost in the quarterfinals at Wimbledon after holding a match point against Kevin Anderson, and in the fourth round of the United States Open to John Millman.
You get the freedom of not having to be yourself.” As Superflex has grown, its projects have become increasingly nuanced and ambitious.
But I also miss my grown-up son, the one I will never have — the one that will go to college, get married, have kids.
Sipsmith says it gets about 25,000 visitors a year.
When we say we are away on vacation, we actually mean we are on vacation from people who need us more than we need them.
British candidates appear uninterested in the job.
The language is at first impenetrable, but the word “Danza” (dance), at the top of one page, is the beginning that leads the scholar into its teachings.
The investigators have yet to charge anyone with a crime.
Unlike the “Members Only” hangout of the past, it is now where families stop in for gelato and strong coffee after mass at Old St. Patrick’s Cathedral.
On January 23, Mr. Guaidó took the oath of office as interim president of Venezuela, promising to call for elections; the United States immediately recognized his presidency.
The damages totaled about $4,000.
Mr. Reed’s successor as mayor, Keisha Lance Bottoms, took office in January 2018, and a big part of her job has been dealing with the mess — rebidding airport contracts, listing the tiniest of city transactions with vendors on a public website, and naming a new “transparency officer.” In Los Angeles, where the downtown skyline is studded with construction cranes, investigators are focused on cozy relationships between politicians and the real estate executives who write checks to their campaigns and charitable causes.
And on the right — Overnight, new video calling into question just how this encounter began.
The Sacramento Kings were two games back in ninth place.
The site, called Yongbyon, is the centerpiece of North Korean nuclear-fuel making.
“Our troops know that the chain of command is broken due to the usurpation of the presidency,” Mr. Guaidó wrote on Twitter on Monday.
Turgeon, who went on to score more than 500 goals in a 19-year N.H.L.
“Then you just have to do that again," he said, “10 times.” This seemed to me very encouraging.
‘It’s not what you see in people.’” ‘Olivia Colman: Uneasy Lies the Head That Wears the Crowns’ [The New York Times] ‘Watch Emma Stone and Rachel Weisz Spar in “The Favourite”’ [The New York Times] ‘“The Favourite” Is a Deliciously Wicked Tale of Sex, Women and Power Plays’ [Vox] ‘“Vice” Review: Dick Cheney and the Negative Great Man Theory of History’ [The New York Times] A.O.
“It’s disturbing; it shows you just never know what somebody’s up to.” In the weeks that followed Jayme’s disappearance, as it vexed detectives and made national headlines, Mr. Patterson described how he used the seclusion of Gordon to his advantage, keeping Jayme out of sight at the cabin where he grew up, just off County Highway Y.
“Here, the objective is not to just stand up on the board, but to get better every time.” “It’s the cumulation of sound instruction in skills and the confidence to work on something new, with the group cheering you on,” added Mrs. Hutchinson, 62.
Mr. Lighthizer, Mr. Navarro and other trade advisers have often called out China for promising changes to American officials in the past, but then failing to follow through.
Mr. Gaspar has learned to adapt to many tastes.
“This was totally unique,” she said.
[The New York Times] • Scientists at U.C.
The Department of Homeland Security and the Trump administration did not respond to requests for comment on Friday evening on the possibility of a privately funded effort to build the wall.
Younger American Jews do not typically remember Israel as the David against regional Goliaths.
But the trip was otherwise an unqualified success.
“They’re not going to put you out in some sort of uncomfortable situation where athletically you wouldn’t be able to do it,” Chatham said.
He was intercepted and briefly detained by police officers, who perhaps correctly sensed Mr. Chino’s air of unpredictability.
When I told Mr. Trump of my success, he actually reveled in it.
Where did this thing come from?” “The Twilight Zone,” she added, “felt like the subconscious of America laid bare.” She has now done the same thing in “Shipwreck,” once again reflecting America back at itself — even if it is London audiences who will get the first look.
Led by the second-year star quarterback Patrick Mahomes, the Chiefs scored fewer than 30 points only four times this season (and never scored fewer than 26), and were 3-1 in those games.
I don’t.” “I think a lot of people just don’t realize that the food that’s on their table, you know, for the most part is inspected by one or another governmental regulatory agency.
Confusion among nonscientists over recent advances that show the ways evolution has shaped population differences is one reason I’ve been compelled to return to this subject in my recent reporting.
It requires them to formally declare a national emergency and tell Congress which statutes are being activated.
The protagonist of “Younger,” played by Sutton Foster, is a 40-something woman posing as a fresh-faced literary assistant in her 20s.
Shouldn’t Mr. Northam, many people asked, have been mature enough in medical school to know better than to allow the offensive photograph to be posted beside his name and image?
Billionaire went first, after the endive salad.
Back in the 1990s, Australia was a little bit daggy.
What have been your reactions?
It wants what City has.
The checks imposed on popular will can feel like democracy failing — though it’s actually the system working as intended — provoking angry backlashes.
Or follow us on our Instagram, Twitter and Facebook feeds.
I put up a violent struggle on the table: gagging and choking, trying to scream, fighting to pull the medical device out of my esophagus.
From 2008 to 2018, the percentage of Democrats who said the government should create “a way for immigrants already here illegally to become citizens if the meet certain requirements” grew from 29 to 51 percent, while the share who said “there should be better border security and stronger enforcement of immigration laws” fell from 21 to 5 percent.
“In other parts of Vegas, they give you service and stuff, but they don’t know who you are,” he said.
Certainly this was her strategy during the Civil War, when the Union Army occupied Nashville.
Jane Bauer is a writer, editor and restaurateur who lives in Huatulco, Oaxaca, Mexico.
In addition to her son and her husband, Ms. Hiller is survived by a brother, Robert Hiller.
Above, an Instacart personal shopper checks his shopping list.
Today, many haute-bourgeois people cultivate personas as artists and bohemians — even when they are marketing executives.
The bottom line is that while functional finance has a lot going for it, it’s not the kind of axiomatically true doctrine that Lerner – and, I think, modern MMTers – imagined it to be.
Adam Lisberg, a spokesman for DJI Technology, a drone maker, said such action is generally prohibited.
Nearly 180,000 former students at for-profit schools run by Career Education will not have to repay $494 million they owed to the company, a group of 49 state attorneys general announced Thursday.
El estallido fue particularmente mortífero porque cientos de personas habían llegado al sitio atraídos por la posibilidad de conseguir gasolina gratis de la toma clandestina.
If we have no agreement, we’ll just wait until we can get a great agreement,” Mr. Lighthizer said.
Now he’s betting that making people laugh can help fix the country’s largest housing system, which houses more than 400,000 New Yorkers and urgently needs about $32 billion to repair a multitude of issues, like leaky roofs, faulty boilers and pest infestations.
Atlético Madrid, another team seeking a first Champions League title, lost Diego Godín, its captain and central defender, when he tore a thigh muscle over the weekend.
For those in areas with few retail options, it was a savior.
In the first set against Hsieh, Osaka produced 20 unforced errors and was broken three times.
The bird would attack So-and-So.’ ” The bird was her pet troupial, Tico, which would often perch on top of her head.
But often she only finds out whom the purchase is for when the company arrives at the customer’s home to install it, or when her company receives questions about putting the device on a very high-security Wi-Fi network.
To do that, hotels, much as airlines do, try to predict who will not show up or cancel at the last minute.
A bipartisan state board of legislative leaders that reviews major incentive deals had many hours of discussions on Amazon before an agreement was reached for the new campus, said Stephen Moret, who runs the Virginia Economic Development Partnership.
American negotiators, who do not want to give away their best bargaining chip, may offer noneconomic incentives instead.
Midwesterners were so upset, they almost started cursing.
A recent study found that the average user would have to be paid $1,000 to $2,000 to be pried away for a year.
The couple met at Princeton, from which they each graduated.
One notorious example is the Berlin-Brandenburg Airport, planned as an ultramodern terminal for the capital.
“People found it so bizarre I stopped doing it,” Mr. Link said.
But the backdrop is Nazi Germany in “The Damned” and a media hellscape in “Network.” His use of media here is jarringly at odds with the content in a way I am not sure he is in control of.
It’s done in the oven, where the heat is even and lower than the wispiest burner flames.
The taxpayer advocate’s office conducted the audit and assessed not just the shutdown but taxpayers’ general experiences with the IRS, distilling them to two words: “extreme frustration.” _____ 3.
Yet few battles or notable events from Afghanistan have taken root in America’s collective memory.
Few Democrats know that better than the veteran Hispanic activists who gathered in Broward County a few days later to listen to Dr. Gamarra, a professor at Florida International University who studies public opinion among Latinos.
It received three Tony nominations and ran for 169 performances.
Jorge Amado is Salvador’s favorite literary son, his novels often doubling as portraits of 20th-century Salvador and the state of Bahia.
But the documents provide a glimpse of values Mr. Trump assigned to some of his properties that are out of line with other available estimates.
Other encounters — with a no-nonsense sports mom (Jeryl Prescott), the owner of Erick’s team (Kyle MacLachlan) and Ray’s old friend Spence (Bill Duke), who runs a youth basketball program — follow the same didactic, disputatious pattern.
[Si quieres recibir las mejores historias de Modern Love de The New York Times en Español en tu correo, suscríbete aquí a El Times] Fui estudiante de Letras Inglesas en la universidad y después obtuve la maestría en Literatura, pero poco después de que la tesis engargolada ocupó su lugar en la repisa junto a mi título, dejé de leer.
This wouldn’t be especially notable — plenty of his Latin American peers never get seen at all — were Fontana, who died in 1968, not so influential a figure.
After snuffing out an abusive caretaker, he’s honored with a raucous pool party, a tribute he repays by treating everyone to a rollicking road trip we’d love to sign up for.
“Many just come for the medication,” he said, noting that use of antidepressants had doubled since before the crisis.
“Between Frances and Taylor today, we saw something different, something better, an intensity and composure I have never seen before,” said Martin Blackman, the U.S.T.A.’s general manager for player development.
I know of some of these jobs not involving a college degree such as a plumber, or an electrician; nevertheless, I feel there are many more opportunities out there that don’t necessarily rely on my test scores or GPA.
If you’re looking for an ancestor who was a slave, Ms. Morgan has a few tricks.
Los retratos se convirtieron en parte de la colección real de España y con el tiempo llegaron al Prado.
So when a bright red she called “lipstick red” rippled through the collection, you got what she was gesturing at.
What our critic said: “A baroque blend of gibberish, mysticism and melodrama, the film seems engineered to be as unmemorable as possible, with the exception of the prosthetic teeth worn by the lead actor.” Read the review.
And the women who did persist and made it to the third year of their program had by then generally caught up to the teenage obsessives.
It makes good profits when people trade on options and futures contracts made on its platforms, he said.
Antillón sostiene que, aunque el estatuto de limitaciones para la agresión sexual (diez años en Costa Rica) ya pasó hace tiempo, estaría feliz de declarar ante un tribunal.
There are also questions about whether the cuts are contributing to a spike in violent crime.
Si te reuniste con alguien una vez y ahora está en tu sección de noticias de forma vitalicia, ¡elimina a esa persona de tu lista de amigos!
Thursday could be filled with flavor as well, and with not a ton of effort.
Could Mr. Corbyn defy them and vote through a Brexit plan?
Companies must tell consumers if prepackaged foods were made using certain allergens: milk, eggs, fish, shellfish, peanuts, wheat, soybeans and tree nuts.
China’s population may be older overall, but it also is wealthier, a fact that has brought new economic opportunities, such as more health care related products and services, and greater spending on leisure.
“I have appealed to António Guterres, the United Nations secretary general, as well as to several humanitarian agencies, for support in easing the humanitarian crisis,” he wrote.
Most rural American farms are not big corporate operations.
The work relays the story of a young girl who ventures into the city where she winds up alone and pregnant.
The businessman, it turned out, had no money, said Michal Trela, a reporter for Przeglad Sportowy, a Polish sports daily.
You can’t reframe the standards of what is deserving of mockery based on this three-dimensional chess game of Is this actually helping him?
Their absences have meant an increased reliance on the team’s young core, which includes Brandon Ingram, Kyle Kuzma and Lonzo Ball.
[Si quieres recibir los mejores reportajes de The New York Times en Español en tu correo suscríbete aquí a El Times] La habitación luce como el resultado de una fiesta que se salió de control: seis mujeres desparramadas en sábanas, con las piernas entrelazadas.
The president insisted that the barriers built there on the border with Mexico had helped drastically reduce crime.
He is probably one of about 10 white men, out of 525 regular members, said Zulu’s president, Elroy James.
Sam became disillusioned when friends from the theater group — who had been “like a second family” — failed to stand up for Mason, and soon became alienated from their old community.
A new report this week about a previously secret North Korean missile base at Sino-ri, 132 miles (212 kilometers) north of the Demilitarized Zone, is a reminder of how sprawling and hidden the country’s nuclear program is and how challenging any sort of outside inspections regime might be to carry out.
Also, you know what will crush all these diets?
I ended up excelling beyond what I thought was possible.
In 2017, Mr. DiGuilmi, who is a fan of the T.V.
“The 2020 elections will certainly be all about Trump, assuming he is on the ballot and to a considerable extent even if he is not,” Gary Jacobson, a political scientist at the University of California-San Diego, wrote me in an email.
Because the patient was not responding to treatment as expected, the neurologist looked for other possible causes of the severe weakness.
The risk of developing obesity-related cancer is increasing in successive generations, along with increasing rates of obesity.
We’re going to pray for protection.
A spokesman for Mr. Adams and a spokeswoman for Mr. Diaz said their candidates were still evaluating the new rules.
The state has continued to defend its copycat admitting- privileges law despite its clear conflict with the Whole Woman’s Health case, which my organization argued and won.
I cannot believe you all think we would hand over a hard disk with all your posts on your dumb intermittent fasting theories to Procter & Gamble.
What are the structures that maintain the status quo, how do they differ from country to country, and to what extent are they changing?
Amelia Ekus, de 29 años y gerente de la proveedora de comida Guckenheimer, antes fue gerente general de la cafetería de Twitter en sus oficinas de Nueva York.
“I said to myself, this is it,” Mr. Lee said.
Sales of high-priced chips for such hardware have driven profits for companies like Intel and Nvidia, but they now say that equipment buyers for data centers have turned cautious.
Do you have a favorite costume?
receives a report of abuse, we will be a listening presence,” the statement said.
Then another and another and another.
Her readings of popular songs and standards had as much in common with Etta James’s effulgent soul singing as with Fitzgerald’s elegant diction.
En otra parte, Javier Adolfo Iglesias, un maestro del Instituto de Educación Secundaria Fuente Nueva, comenzó su clase afirmando que la “xenofobia no puede ser la razón de la existencia de Vox”, porque nunca la ha visto en su salón de clases “ni tampoco en el bar de mi barrio”.
How do law enforcement officers gather DNA samples?
“The image of Silicon Valley as Nirvana has certainly taken a hit, but the reality is that we the consumers are constantly voting for them.” That’s evident in how robust Big Tech’s businesses remain.
“But I think a lot of us, we love our dogs and we love to show off our dogs.” Guide dogs are an integral part of life for many blind people, so much so that they often sign emails from “so-and-so and their dog,” Ms. Davidson said.
A big reason for the drop in corporate bond yields is that investors have greater confidence in the United States economy and the ability of American companies to remain financially healthy.
A parade of officers responded on their own radios to say they were en route: “Show me going,” they said, according to a recording of the radio dispatches on Broadcastify.
Or toward the heavens.” Follow @nytimesphoto on Twitter.
The southern border is already a crazy-quilt of different border barriers of different sizes, different materials, installed in different eras — known, by and large, as fencing.
He called them “good people” with whom he never had an issue.
A bear of a man appeared out of nowhere.
(There is still plenty of wine.)
Aunque ese día al teléfono es cuando más alejado me sentí de quien estaba en el otro extremo.
The same Eagles group that donned dog masks last postseason — at once lampooning their perceived underdog status and welcoming it — has birthed a new wearable gimmick: ski masks.
It’s the final solidification of our partnership, love and commitment.
A lazier writer would have left it at that.
“It’s the kind of pedagogical undertaking that you could now perhaps imagine doing with the internet and social media,” he added, “but that was unprecedented for a museum on such a scale at that time.” The next time the Prado’s masterworks went on the road, however, the circumstances were more dire.
If they were to split assets equally, Mr. Bezos could find the 16.1 percent of Amazon stock he owns halved.
Nor will our withdrawal from Afghanistan make the United States safer.
— Ben S. from Allen Tex.
Donald Iandoli, Specialist Jack L. Croxdale II and Pfc.
— Benjamin Mueller The Brexit drama — psychological and political — has left European Union leaders transfixed and horrified.
But in a warming climate, snow in winter can’t make up the difference, resulting in a net loss of ice.
Britain could therefore be outside the European Union, with no voice in shaping its rules, but remain closely tied to the bloc indefinitely.
In Melbourne, few people were venturing outside on Friday, and business at cafes and restaurants was slow.
“It’s fun for the fans to see,” he said.
A medida que acumulaba una fortuna con rapidez, la familia Bezos se esforzó por conservar las formas de la normalidad.
But, every so often, the winds break down and allow the cold air to escape.
Shachar Kariv and Steven Tadelis are economics professors at the University of California, Berkeley.
See what beauty products Ms. Harrier, a native of Evanston, Ill., is using to survive the back-to-back red carpets.
In fact, a closer look at the map captures the many complex and unintended consequences of the 18th Amendment.
He was on Tinder, and he was telling me all about it, and I just started writing songs from his perspective.
But two of its top executives have feuded with each other, according to Bloomberg, raising questions about whether SoftBank and its chief, Masayoshi Son, can achieve that goal.
He subsequently released an album, “Colors” (1966), which included odes to 34 colors, including those he did for the paint company.
The design looks not unlike most other boutique studios, with blond wood, sans serif fonts and a planted wall.
The resignation came days after the ambassador, John McCallum, stunned seasoned diplomatic observers by saying that Meng Wanzhou, the chief financial officer of the Chinese telecom firm Huawei who was arrested in December by Canadian authorities in Vancouver at the United States request, stood a good chance of avoiding extradition to the United States.
We log miles run and dollars spent.
It was the best tango I ever danced.
President Ali Bongo Ondimba has been out of Gabon since October, receiving medical treatment for what many believe was a stroke he had while attending a conference in Saudi Arabia.
Are Elizabeth Warren, Nancy Pelosi and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez victims of sexism, or have they found a way to turn gender bias into a political advantage?
Podcasts are all about killing two birds with one stone by listening while you do other things.
[Read the New York Times obituary of Jonas Mekas.]
His debut interview, with the actress Meg Ryan, appears in this week’s magazine.
Her performance in Moscow contributed to the decision.
He survived two corruption trials in 2018 involving senior administration officials that resulted in convictions, including of Joseph Percoco, once one of Mr. Cuomo’s top lieutenants.
Gunn: I studied art history in college, and when I ended up moving to New York, I worked at a lot of art galleries and was kind of an art handler — I ended up moving a ton of artists’ works and in the process became educated in a lot of minimal artists from the ’60s.
Antonio Berardi top, $2,220, 011-39-2-87-38-87-49.
“So what do we see here, Bonnie?” asks Jessie Carnes, one of the resort’s four owners and my coach for the week.
Islamic State: A British journalist, John Cantlie, who was abducted by the militant group in Syria in 2012 is believed to still be alive, a British official said.
The show’s second half, which attempts to trace the writer’s influence in contemporary art is less focused, but with young artists like John Edmonds, Ja’Tovia Gary and Cameron Rowland, it doesn’t go wrong.
He turned up in Donetsk as the city was slipping into war, presenting himself as having “the State Department’s ear, the American ear in general,” said Aleksei Kovzhun, a member of a group of pro-Ukrainian political advisers working there.
To be precise, the researchers found that 68 percent of the geographic differences in the income rank of children raised at the 25th percentile could be explained within commuting zones.
Y para las mujeres de escasos recursos, que no tienen la oportunidad de abandonar sus casas o tomar otras medidas costosas para estar a salvo, denunciar puede parecer imposible.
I thought we were making progress.
(Mr. Bell currently has a solo show on view at George Washington University.)
The most you could possibly pay for a single checked bag, which can weigh up to 50 pounds, is $120 round trip.
Los únicos sobrevivientes de la “marea rosada”, que dominó la región desde el inicio de este siglo hasta 2015, son Uruguay, Nicaragua y Bolivia.
If you prefer a cosmetics store like Sephora, their staff is able to make a sample vial of fragrances on their shelves so you can wear them over a few days to know how they function in different environments, giving you time to live with the scent.
“Low- and moderate-income households are often balancing benefits, multiple part-time jobs, child support and money from friends and family, all coming in at different times.” In addition, new research shows that living with scarcity imposes a tax on our attention span equivalent to going a night without sleep.
About a year ago, as the club scene continued its slow death, he moved to Hudson, N.Y., and signed up for OnlyFans.
I originally met Andrea online, when she posted a message that she was open to mentoring and I took her up on her offer.
More than celebrity relics, the show argues, the clothes are key to Kahlo’s achievement.
Mr. Tilearcio Jr., whose father lobbied Capitol Hill for the fund when he was healthy, is awaiting a wrongful death claim that could now be cut in half, which he called “a slap in the face.” The number of compensation claimants has spiked drastically.
They were FedExed from New York and it takes a while for that to get through the White House system.
Pier I Cafe, at the foot of a recreational pier that juts nearly 800 feet into the Hudson River at West 70th Street, is “a frequent gathering spot for people in the neighborhood,” said Dan Garodnick, president and chief executive of the Riverside Park Conservancy, which helps to take care of the park.
But the world he finds after his revival seems strange and impossible (free-range holograms, disease-detecting condoms).
Some of their losses were never recouped.
Tell us in the comments, then read the related Opinion piece to find out what this illustration is all about.
Este funesto panorama surge del trabajo de Guido Risaliti, de la Universidad de Florencia, en Italia, y de Elisabeth Lusso, de la Universidad de Durham, en Inglaterra.
All-Star weekend was not always so structured — or extravagant.
American and Chinese negotiators have wrestled over trade terms in rounds of talks over the past year, including in Washington last week.
Inside the company, discussions have intensified about political developments in New York since the selection by Democrats in the State Senate of Sen. Michael Gianaris of Queens to the Public Authorities Control Board, a little-known entity that could eventually block the development plan.
From afar, Ms. Izen mobilized her plumber, electrician and landscaper, all of whom rushed to her house to help.
When Pope Francis acknowledged for the first time this month that sexual abuse of nuns by priests and bishops had been a persistent problem, reporters from around the world knocked on the door of Lucetta Scaraffia, whose article in Women Church World, a magazine distributed with the Vatican’s newspaper, had cast a spotlight on the problem.
We go back to our chosen fictional touchstones time and again, as constants against which to cast our variables.
Dawn Smalls, 41, a former lawyer in the Obama administration, who is African-American and running for public advocate, said in an interview that she was not running for mayor — ever.
The six-month sentence she ultimately served on Rikers Island felt like a year.
(Hat tip to Rachel Shorey, Chase Davis, Jeremy Bowers and many other colleagues.)
Mr. Donen was again on his own in 1954 when he directed “Seven Brides for Seven Brothers,” starring Powell and Howard Keel and choreographed energetically by Michael Kidd.
Russia investigation: President Trump’s attorney general nominee said he would allow the special counsel Robert Mueller to finish his investigation, seeking to allay Democrats’ fears.
But I’m embarrassed to say I had never before considered Mr. Scocca’s idea — that if we aimed, through public and social policy, simply to discourage people from attaining and possessing more than a billion in lucre, just about everyone would be better off.
scouting combine in 2017, when he grew impatient while waiting for a drug test.
Is a hole with a bottom less of a hole than one without one?
Except he didn’t end up behind bars.
On “The Good Place,” which just wrapped its third season on NBC, Eleanor (Kristen Bell) and the rest of the gang have to own up to their poor actions on earth in the afterlife, in hopes of escaping eternal punishment in the Bad Place.
Part of the process is that you try lines that probably aren’t going to succeed.
You’ve been a rock star for decades now.
so far was a $22.5 million fine on Google for violating an agreement to protect consumer data.
There was urgency, but there was no rush.
Roger Sherman of Connecticut proposed election by Congress, to make the executive “absolutely dependent on that body, as it was the will of that which was to be executed.” Gouverneur Morris of Pennsylvania proposed popular election.
Sending a grieving person a gift card instead of delivering homemade food to one’s doorstep may defy the wisdom of Emily Post.
The mayor of Reynosa, Maki Esther Ortiz Dominguez, noted that her city, in the state of Tamaulipas, was already one of the most dangerous in Mexico.
—No sé si es la calidad del aire o es un resumen de la cocina, porque la cocina influye mucho.
Tolkien’s artwork ranges from a scene of a bucolic landscape in the English Midlands, “Alder by a stream,” to nearly psychedelic depictions of fantastical vistas like “The Shores of Faery.” Somewhere in between are the drawings and paintings he made for “The Hobbit,” “The Lord of the Rings” and “The Silmarillion.” These meld Tolkien’s romanticism and his desire for realism with some of his more wild artistic impulses.
In a recent study that one of us conducted, our research group recruited 76 participants to receive a skin prick test, a common procedure used in assessing allergies.
But district officials say that meeting those demands would bankrupt the school system, which is already paying for rising pension and health care costs, and that the strike will hurt the most vulnerable schools and students.
The child is father to the man, but where does that leave the mother?
(FT) Best of the rest • The video game developer Activision Blizzard is ending its partnership with Bungie, the studio behind one of its biggest hits.
BENI, Democratic Republic of Congo — A young mother stepped out of the ambulance into the triage area of our Ebola transit center here in the northeast of the country.
That man also appeared in close-circuit television footage reviewed by their legal team.
An investigation requested by the oversight board found that MIO had five direct and indirect investments in Puerto Rico’s debt while McKinsey advised the island, according to a report released Monday.
In the third quarter, a Chargers turnover and a blocked punt by the Ravens gave Baltimore a brief surge of momentum.
I asked him if he’d ever considered taking back his birth name, which he went by for nine years.
Last year, Mr. Trump supported Mr. Romney’s campaign to become Utah’s junior senator — and Mr. Romney thanked him for the endorsement.
It’s been 20 years since “The Sopranos” debuted.
“Fighting against terrorism is a global challenge, and needs international cooperation.” India controls much of Kashmir, while Pakistan controls a smaller part of the region, which was left in an undetermined state after the British partition of India in 1947.
But perhaps because we are so accustomed to hearing about how badly public housing is managed, the crowds and viral videos and expressions of disgust from morning-news anchors and presidential candidates did not materialize.
The company is also uniquely vulnerable to tariffs against China, where most of its products are assembled.
Little about the fund, the McKinsey Investment Office, is public.
“I was like, Wow, the guy is looking at the women’s results as well!
Ms. Fleming applied to the administrative training program.
Some of the people involved in the videos have been experiencing threats of violence all weekend.
#SpeakingInDance is a weekly visual exploration of dance on Instagram.
“We shut down the government for 35 days, we put America through this crisis, we jeopardized our economy — for what?” said Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, the second-ranking Democrat in the upper chamber and a member of the House-Senate committee that negotiated this week’s spending deal.
Bill benefits is being undermined from within the Trump administration.
In it, Als has curated what he calls “a composite” sketch of the celebrated novelist and essayist with video, photography and painting by artists including Ja’tovia Gary, Kara Walker, Glenn Ligon, Alice Neel, Peter Hujar and Richard Avedon.
Conservationists are concerned that deforestation threatens the survival of the bee giants.
The works for the most part are vivid and generously scaled.
“The Thompsons are family, but I use air quotes.
Since 2010, wine has been harvested on a 10-hectare site on the island of Sylt, just miles from Germany’s northern border with Denmark.
“We are building it back one brick at a time, and this patrol is one of those bricks.” Leaders said the group is self-funded and used donations to purchase the cars and navy blue uniforms for its members, many of whom are involved with the Muslim Community Center in Sunset Park.
Britain is scheduled to leave the European Union on March 29, and business leaders, economists and other experts warn that leaving without a deal on trade, borders and other issues could be disastrous.
Couples can generally expect 30 to 50 percent of their party to be dancing at any given time, said Patti Davis, a Cincinnati-based wedding planner at Elegant Whims.
Her ethnic ensembles, famously inspired by Oaxaca’s Tehuana, a matriarchal society, dismissed de rigueur looks dictated by Parisian designers and the soulless mass production of clothing.
Game after game flew by, six straight in all decided in Williams’s favor.
A USA Today analysis published in 2016 discovered at least 60 lawsuits filed by people accusing Mr. Trump and his business of not paying them for work completed.
But nobody has a crystal ball.” The European Union has prepared legislation, in the case of a no-deal Brexit, for transactions like derivatives clearing.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
Things went differently in the emergency room this time.
Those branded “hostile” might be the descendants of former landowners or of people who collaborated with the Japanese colonialists, those with relatives in South Korea or Christians; they are largely consigned to the mountainous, inhospitable regions of the country, forbidden to enter Pyongyang or other major cities and forced to eke out a meager living as farmers or manual toilers, with almost zero opportunity for further advancement.
The dances we do are not ceremonial or sacred.
“Many of them don’t appreciate their own need to get re-elected in their own district.” Near the end of the interview, Mr. Chartock tried several times to finish the conversation.
“That rarely happens to anybody, let alone to somebody in their late 40s,” he said.
That comes with its own complications.
We are driving from the capital, Columbia, to Greenwood, and Greenwood is a small town.
_________ The Word of the Day and the quiz question have been provided by Vocabulary.com.
“It was a show of courage knowing there were people who didn’t agree with this type of platform.
We are pleased to present the best of that writing here, leading off with our winning entry by Kyleigh Leddy, a senior at Boston College.
“When we were starting, we only had a tiny, little still and we didn’t really know what we were doing and we wanted to learn,” Mr. Lark said.
He also cited “the issue of Iran sanctions which are involved in her case, and Canada does not sign on to these Iran sanctions.” He added, “So I think she has some strong arguments that she can make before a judge.” The remarks by Mr. McCallum, unusual for a senior diplomat in a sensitive case under the global spotlight, have complicated matters for the Canadian government, which has emphasized that it would not interfere politically in the case.
Why does God allow evil to exist?
“They say the Italians bring the pizza here, but we put our culture on it.” In the 1960s this area was Irish and Jewish, he explained.
The game ends when uncleared areas fill the playing grid.
It can also seem like a very abstract story, dominated by Constitutional amendments, legal battles and court decisions.
All work is done in Brooklyn and in-home fittings are available.
Tenía 5 años cuando entré a primero de primaria en el otoño de 1981.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
Over the last decade, cellphone stores have joined banks, bodegas, liquor stores and jewelry shops as common robbery targets.
His reputation has only grown, said the artist Sandra Fabara, who starred in the hip-hop cult classic “Wild Style” and is known as Lady Pink.
Yet Goldschmidt, 31, is more than a power hitter.
After cofounding Topic, a cult favorite print publication, in his early 20s, Mr. Haskell joined New York magazine in 2007.
The Savages say that their daughter, Joycelyn, has been held and mistreated by Kelly, first in an Atlanta residence beginning in 2016, and then in Chicago.
“It just seems like the most exciting poetry that’s being written right now is coming from every direction,” she said.
As a reward to myself for my hard work and persistence, I took the whole stack of magazines with me when I left, apparently not even considering whether the homeowners might miss them.
Experts said extensive clinical trials are now needed for Dr. Zhang’s system, given the difficulty of interpreting decisions made by neural networks.
Nivi Ahlawat, a senior neuroscience major, tapped the university’s online resources to help her deal with an incident in her personal life.
Las mujeres, así como los hombres trans, pueden ser influenciados por las normas sociales sobre las circunstancias ideales para la maternidad; las ideas románticas sobre las conexiones entre el sexo y el embarazo; o los conflictos entre las demandas rivales de brindar cuidado y trabajar.
I also noticed that the distribution of the temperatures starts as an approximately symmetric distribution and becomes skewed right over the years.
This reprieve, if it can be called one, is the latest tidbit in a cornucopia of data from Gaia, a European spacecraft tasked with measuring the precise positions, velocities and other attributes of more than a billion stars in the Milky Way and other nearby galaxies.
(Doo doo doo doo doo doo.)
She could have done the same for her new silver-screen peers, now.
Years later, I got another notice.
From graphic design to alcohol warnings to listing the percentage of alcohol by volume, every new beer must have its label approved before it can be sold nationally.
Now, the Heritage collection joins its three predecessors, the Timewalker, 1858 and Star Legacy lines.
Collecting the money will be an arduous effort that, at best, will take years, Mr. Gilmore said.
Kansas City is trying to position itself as the most forward-thinking of all.
He adds: “What drives this franchise is the same force that drives so much culture and politics right now: the self-pity of a white man with a relentless need to be the center of attention.” DYNASTIES 9 p.m. on BBC America.
After a much-publicized hearing, which she called a “heresy trial,” the local panel ruled her “unsuitable” for ministry since she “does not believe in God, Jesus Christ or the Holy Spirit.” She was on the verge of being defrocked.
We never made 5 cents with China.
He said the restaurant’s employees were “traumatized” and had told him “there was blood everywhere” after the attack.
And They Did a Fine Job of It,” and answer the following questions: 1.
First, while the north magnetic pole does appear to be on the move, it doesn’t represent a global phenomenon, just a regional one.
“It’s bad enough to be called a domestic goddess, but to be seen as a self-styled domestic goddess is just …” she shook her head in horror, “ … the worst.” “I’m in no position to complain,” she quickly added.
“It’s a once-in-a lifetime thing.
____________________________ The mood at the World Economic Forum in the Swiss resort is “subdued, cautious and apprehensive,” a reflection of the broader outlook, Fareed Zakaria writes in the Washington Post: There is no great global political crisis, yet people speak in worried tones about the state of democracy, open societies and the international order.
The commission published 628 pages of recommendations.
There was no sign of anemia, infection or inflammation.
As my iPhone battery use record shows, I spend about one-third of my daily nine-hour phone time on WeChat.
Gorgonzola comes with balsamic vinegar-marinated strawberries.
Thanks to A.I., Peter Piper just might be able to pick a lot more than a peck of pickled peppers — so many more that not only the top of India’s society will rise, but also the bottom.
In “Kanini & Kanino,” the Academy Award-nominated director Hiromasa Yonebayashi (“The Secret World of Arrietty”) tells the story of two crab brothers who encounter menacing minnows and stampeding raccoons (the crab boys are very, very small) on a quest to save their dad.
The questions surrounding Mr. Mallory and his work are unlikely to alter the novel’s upward trajectory.
Kudos to our latest political supernova, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, for helpfully bringing taxes back into focus, with her call for a new top tax rate of 70 percent on incomes above $10 million a year.
— Haven Habrat, Hoggard High School, Wilmington, N.C. My biggest dream is to travel.
Adam Selman began his career creating costumes for Rihanna, Britney Spears and Lady Gaga before becoming a full-time designer with a namesake label.
(Mark your calendar: Spring itself arrives March 20.)
and outline a motion she’ll put before M.P.s for debate on Thursday, her office said.” • She “is expected to ask Parliament to restate its demand to remove the backstop from the Withdrawal Agreement and to promise a further vote if she hasn’t brought a renegotiated deal back to Parliament by Feb. 27.” • The aim is “to reassure members from across the House of Commons who are concerned that May is deliberately running down the clock and risking a potentially disastrous no-deal divorce.” But the E.U.
“That idea came from conversations with the community advisory committee,” Ardine Williams, the company’s vice president of human resources, said, referring to gatherings organized by the state as part of the development process.
“We all adopted this baby.” Today, the young mother, now 16, is back in state custody, along with her newborn daughter.
He started a grass-roots social media campaign to promote acceptance for mood disorders, inspired to share his story in hopes of helping others.
The groom, 42, is the founder and chief executive of Livestock Framing, an online art gallery in Portland, Ore.
The shift from Steve to Stacey is a powerful statement for a party that has spent much of the past two years debating what, exactly, it wanted to be in the Trump era.
(FT) • SoftBank’s Vision Fund is in talks to invest up to $1.5 billion in Guazi.com, a Chinese used-car sales platform.
If they did, you would find yourself in a terrifyingly fecund primordial soup in which all sorts of ideas could develop, mutate, cross-pollinate, do battle, die off and be reborn.
Aides to Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York quickly distributed a memorable image of the senator in the chamber, looking skeptical.
But under state law, it is illegal in most buildings for an apartment to be rented out for less than 30 days unless the permanent tenant is residing in the apartment at the same time.
There were also a small number of parents who had made the same choice.
A Jan. 27 electrical fire plunged much of the jail into darkness as the city experienced some of the coldest weather of the winter.
Luis Severino, who said he lost 15 pounds by eating healthier this winter after an up-and-down 2018, will most likely start opening day for the Yankees.
has considered two increase plans.
Mesoraco, who is 30, caught 21 of deGrom’s 25 starts in 2018 after they became teammates and Callaway complimented him as a “thoughtful, wonderful” battery mate who helped deGrom excel.
A conspicuously unbothered Adams, for one, seems never to look back.
I recognize that sometimes repertory staples deep in the season return to the stage with precious little rehearsal.
Daniel Garodnick, a former city councilman who played a key role in the city’s rezoning of East Midtown for taller towers, was taken aback by Mr. Macklowe’s plan.
In addition, he shares four Grand Slam titles, three in doubles and the other in mixed.
In 2010, a United States Senate report accused Mr. Abubakar and Jennifer Douglas, his fourth wife, of laundering over $40 million in suspicious funds into the United States between 2000 and 2008.
“Desde luego, hay grandes desafíos, desde los problemas de seguridad y logística en una prisión de máxima seguridad hasta mediar las relaciones con las administraciones carcelarias y entre los prisioneros”, comentó.
Mr. Rudin acquired the stage rights for the book in 2016 and hired Aaron Sorkin to adapt the play for Broadway.
“These skills can save lives,” he says.
chose not to incorporate the voice of our 1.6 million members in the decision making process.” In recent years, Veterans Affairs hospitals have struggled to keep up with patient loads as service members returning from Iraq and Afghanistan — many with complex injuries and post-traumatic stress — hit the system at the same time that aging and increasingly ill older veterans made more use of it.
And he certainly adds an element to the 2020 campaign that no one else does.
Un equipo de televisión revoloteaba a su alrededor.
Rather than hide an item’s imperfections, the reparation process highlights them.
(FT) Peter Plumb, the chief executive of the food delivery app Just Eat, is departing.
I just, I looked around, and I’m like, I don’t want to do this.
“I thought drinking was something you did and your friends told you about it later,” she said.
Still more make decisions, form memories, generate emotions.
“If he doesn’t come, we will kill him here and get rid of the body.” Turkish officials have cited the recordings, saying they captured the death of Mr. Khashoggi, a journalist, in his Oct. 2 visit to the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul.
Alcott also served as a courtside analyst for Nine, the Australian network that broadcasts the tournament.
(Cotter) 718-638-8000, brooklynmuseum.org ‘ANDY WARHOL — FROM A TO B AND BACK AGAIN’ at the Whitney Museum of American Art (through March 31).
We’ve been hearing about it for probably 14 years now, between the two of them.
What does this all mean?
Certainly Mr. Trump, who has long taken antibiotics to treat rosacea, a condition that can make the skin appear rosy and ruddy, is attentive to how he looks on television.
On Wednesday, Mr. Vecchio beseeched members of Congress to, among other things, grant more humanitarian aid to Venezuela.
In fact, it could just scare your friend into closing off.
Quote of note: “The life we have had for the last 70 years is possible because of the American security guarantees we have had, largely for free,” said an official with the German Marshall Fund in Berlin.
Making nostalgic French pop that isn’t overwhelmingly cloying is a feat in itself, but the Montreal singer-songwriter Josie Boivin, who records under the name Munya, has even more to offer.
“En los años setenta no existía ningún decreto ni ley que justificara la censura; ahora el derecho a censurar está codificado en un decreto”.
It also offers Amazon FreeTime, which automatically blocks minors from content inside its app store.
De las 124 especies silvestres que se conocen, la mayoría no se cultiva ni se consume.
Ms. Meng is under house arrest at one of two residences that she owns in Vancouver.
He got a beat down from Ma X in the middle of the street, while Hector stood watching on the side.
In 2017, when Mr. Wallace-Wells, a writer at New York Magazine, published similarly dire projections in a blockbuster article, he was criticized even by some climate scientists for reveling in the bleakest case.
Mr. Trump put Mr. Stone on the speakerphone.
Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain suffered a crushing defeat yesterday, after Parliament rejected her plan to withdraw the country from the European Union.
The fear of losing face over failures, as well as the sensitivity of the technology involved, has made the Chinese government reluctant to discuss its programs in detail, compared with the relative openness of NASA and other space programs.
John Fitzgerald, chief officer for Channel Islands Air Search, said that an air and sea operation would continue, but he did not expect to find either survivors or parts of the aircraft.
Citizens’ groups opposing that deal have called for a protest rally in Athens for Jan. 20.
Bret: I was with you until you mentioned taxes.
No obstante, un departamento encabezado por quien tal vez sea el secretario de Comercio más corrupto de la historia concluirá, evidentemente, cualquier cosa que Trump quiera que concluya.
A decir de la analista, los líderes militares aún podrían cambiar de parecer y eso sucedería si las tropas dejan en claro que no quieren reprimir a los manifestantes.
But they’re actually right on schedule.
He was a member of Barack Obama’s 2008 presidential transition team.
John O’Neal, who co-founded a groundbreaking troupe that brought theater to black audiences in the South during the civil rights era, and who encouraged people to tell their own stories as well as listen to his, died on Feb. 14 at his home in New Orleans.
David Sager is a research assistant in the Recorded Sound Research Center at the Library of Congress and a Grammy-nominated jazz historian and jazz trombonist.
It leaves Netflix on Friday.
My Stetson is off: The guy is a gifted and gratuitously generous liar.
In his 16 years living in the United States, José Antonio Colina, a former Venezuelan military officer living in South Florida, did not get married, have children, or collect too many belongings.
You could make these loaded sweet potatoes with black beans and Cheddar tonight.
Dr. Mendelsohn was not accused of wrongdoing in either case.
Trump Is Right to Seek an End to America’s Wars: The president’s desire to disentangle the country from costly overseas conflicts must be encouraged.
My point is: They shouldn’t be giving any money to lawmakers who oppose efforts to slow or stop climate change.
Hair and head props by Tomi Kono at Julian Watson Agency using R&Co.
“She knows what it’s like to be human — to find love and to make mistakes.” MENG XIAOLI, a fan of the late Taiwanese pop singer Teresa Teng, whose music was once banned on mainland China as “decadent” but has been experiencing a resurgence.
Regardless of the theme, a simple and stylish watch that exudes a classic, vintage feel is the primary goal, said Mr. Sigurthorsson, the business’s designer and marketing director.
“You can’t see them from the front.” A finished look backstage at the show venue, the Old Billingsgate Market, a cavernous Victorian building once home to London’s largest fish market.
Trusted brands like Apple, Best Buy and Amazon offer programs to buy refurbished or used products.
Scott’s review applauds the director Yorgos Lanthimos’s flair for exposing the grotesquerie of royal personalities, and in doing so, finding the worst in all of us.
They considered the parking lot of Aztec Stadium, but it was too small.
When asked by Washington Post reporter Jenna Johnson what we should do about immigration, O’Rourke, who represented a Texas district on the border for six years, rambled.
SUDBURY, Ontario — When Doug Ford, the premier of Ontario, canceled plans for a French language university and cut the post of provincial commissioner for French language affairs, he angered francophones living in Canada’s most populous province.
“There are between 250,000 and 300,000 Venezuelans on the brink of death,” Mr. Guaidó said as he dashed across town from his apartment in eastern Caracas to the home of Ms. Buitrago.
How a homicide victim identifies is “a personal matter that becomes relevant to our investigation only if it is determined to be a reason the victim was killed,” Captain Duckett added.
And I just remember thinking that he was the most important person in the world.
A los pioneros de los blogs independientes nos llovieron las acusaciones de que éramos “cibermercenarios” entrenados por la Agencia Central de Inteligencia estadounidense y en la Universidad de Ciencias Informáticas se creó la Operación Verdad para influir con la versión oficial en foros y debates virtuales.
He was sort of getting his legacy and his affairs in order.
We may find it easier and cheaper simply to remove religion from the equation.
I don’t want to be home by myself.
Extreme weather left many farmers with a low-quality product that they thought wouldn’t store well.
“Lo tendré conmigo hasta que muera”.
Racing has always had a reputation for youth development — the club is known, in Argentina, as La Academia — and that remains central to Milito’s plan.
But some of those close to Mr. Thaksin characterized Ms. Ubolratana’s candidacy as a dangerous blurring of lines.
His tenure included five 10-win seasons and reached its peak in 2011, when he led a thrilling run through the playoffs that culminated in a win over the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl XLVII.
Katie Tulley suffers from an incurable bladder disorder so painful that it feels “like tearing skin off your arm and pouring acid on it, 24/7,” she said.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
The unofficial tent stalls that had long surrounded Empress Market are among the many sites targeted by the Karachi government’s “anti-encroachment” campaign against commerce that spills into the city’s streets and parks.
Since the rule was finalized, the science documenting the severe health impacts of mercury has become even stronger.
For this presentation, he introduces “Sanctum,” a new work for six dancers that is meant to be viewed in the round and is set to music by Kaija Saariaho and Karin Rehnqvist.
The occupiers had built some fine public works, fixing sewerage systems and paving roads — the Spanish had left the island a ruin — but they also gave American carpetbaggers free rein.
Alone at night in cities far from home, I would try to read a few pages — about family, about betrayal, about revenge — before falling asleep.
It fools my immune system into attacking my digestive system, resulting in what I can only describe as the attempted birth of my intestines through my butthole.
We captured images of what life looked like in the frozen Midwest.
But Qatar’s defense of the 2022 World Cup is far from over.
In the wake of Russian influence in the 2016 election, American officials are trying to get a clearer picture of efforts by China and other countries to build influence in the United States.
She pressed friends to describe every trip for her “like she was traveling with me,” said Stefania Martinengo, her friend and skydiving coach.
Maggie, here’s the bottom line.
We’ve bridged our economic and political differences before.
Well, we may not.” But anxiety was low at the Hare and Hounds, a haunt for off-duty workers from Heathrow Airport, about 15 miles southwest of London.
Bright and ambitious, he left El Salvador in 1999, at age 18, thinking there were few opportunities for him at home.
“No hay una guía para la educación sexual y en materia de relaciones con la que todos vayan a estar felices”, dijo Damian Hinds, ministro de Educación del Reino Unido ante el Parlamento el 25 de febrero, después de anunciar las revisiones.
They want the readership of creative professionals who travel business class to know the latest vegan currywurst hot spots in Berlin, and crave more gravitas from foreign dispatches than, say, is in Monocle’s earnest short profiles on sustainability-minded Danish design executives.
“The quantity of waste is beyond comprehension,” Rowley says.
Iran: A commander of the elite Revolutionary Guards said at least three Pakistani citizens were among the assailants responsible for killing 27 members of his force in a suicide truck bombing last week, one of the deadliest attacks in the country in years.
Ms. Callamard told Reuters she would begin her investigation next week with a five-day trip to Turkey.
Su misión por ahora es garantizar la impunidad de muchos de los delitos cometidos durante estos años.
“I think you are going to start seeing more and more states doing it.” More than 250 cities and local governments across the country have similar measures that curtail mass breeding operations of dogs and cats, the A.S.P.C.A.
Just look,” he said, showing an expanse of mud.
“We’re just lucky to be alive.
While the farro simmers, you can broil the broccoli until the tiny buds blacken and crisp, and slice up some firm juicy turnips or radishes for another kind of crunch.
“I thought, ‘All this help, I’m not used to it,” she recalled.
In a survey of 1,201 athletes, including all 791 national team members, the committee said it had found only four cases of sexual violence.
This was the point the Airbus chief brought home.
Mr. Tsipras was to meet on Tuesday with Mr. Erdogan in the Turkish capital, Ankara, and then travel to Istanbul on Wednesday.
Though C. was devastated, he said he’d had plenty of practice being rejected by gay Democrats.
According to Plutarch, he was a lover of figs.
SONDHEIM Tell him I thought he was really funny.
LinkedIn and Airbnb still have businesses there, though they take pains to comply with local laws.
They bring to mind Diane Arbus — without the weirdness — and Robert Frank.
In face of such “hard power,” Europe had an imperative to raise the “global standing” of the euro, using the currency as “a tool to project global influence.” China, too, has its own notions about the rightful course of history.
I had to think about making a writer’s room.
I assumed that they were just staying home for the night,” Ms. Asher said.
The patient comes in with something he would like diagnosed and treated.
Also helpful: There’s a Whole Foods 365 a few blocks away, as most children will still prefer their postfestival snacks nonvirtual.
He studied drama and improvisation at the Steppenwolf Theater Company in Chicago and is well versed in Stephen Sondheim.
Yes, she will soon marry for the seventh time, but her commitment to keeping the franchise in Southern California appears solid.
The auction house says that the expansion is costing them about $55 million.
Gillette is a giant in the shaving industry, but its foothold is shrinking as scrappy competitors offering disposable razor subscriptions capture younger consumers.
But the only action came last September, after the church’s silence led five other nuns to mutiny and come to Kerala’s High Court to stage a days-long protest.
And I think that’s how he feels.
Two successive premiers in Quebec have called for such a deal to be struck.
“The recent decision by the president came as a shock and was a complete reversal of policy that was articulated to us,” Mr. McGurk said in the email.
I was very curious and impatient.
“I know you,” he said.
A very light chill, a little under room temperature, will enhance the wine.
On the rare weekend when the kids aren’t playing a game or running in a meet, we try to explore new hiking trails.
The pregame festivities ahead of the Super Bowl are far longer than usual, too, and before the unbeaten 2007 Patriots lost to the Giants in Super Bowl XLII, Belichick told players how receiver Troy Brown once expended so much energy before one of their championships that he was winded by kickoff.
I wanted to look down at my feet, but I forced myself to maintain eye contact.
Incredibly active as soloists, these artists channel their more esoteric skills into this project, which attracts alternative rock and electronic music audiences as well as aficionados of contemporary composition.
“We need people, and that’s forthcoming,” Chief Harrison said.
“A Star Is Born” received eight nominations — fewer than expected, with Bradley Cooper failing to get a widely predicted director nomination.
Where I go I immediately follow that city’s clock.
Una vez más, el pueblo cubano será la víctima de esta estrategia, no el gobierno cubano.
He is meant to deliver the letters to a writer who turns out to have committed suicide, leaving behind a manual typewriter, a manuscript and a room washed in blood.
Guests arrived on Saturday wearing Chinese silk dressing gowns over street clothes.
How about the political journalists on the ground, whose job it is to gauge the mood of the electorate and monitor the competition in real time?
A former Venezuelan intelligence chief called President Nicolás Maduro a dictator with a corrupt inner circle, one of the most public rejections to date.
Researchers pursue every possible clue — gleaned from genetics, imaging, biochemistry, clinical exams — to discover what is wrong.
So much room to spread out!
For all the focus on his defense, however, Alonso has continued working on his hitting.
Now, a growing number of start-ups are selling insights gleaned from small, relatively cheap satellites, known as “cube satellites.” Take the Chinese province of Guangdong, which stopped publishing a monthly health report on its manufacturing sector amid declining production in the trade war with the U.S. A small company in San Francisco used images captured by satellites to get that data, and now it’s selling it to hedge funds, banks and other investors.
The last time Chicago faced temperatures this low was more than 30 years ago.
But on Saturday, Mr. Shanahan toured the border at El Paso, where he fired a paintball gun that had been converted to shoot crowd-control pellets.
The groom’s first marriage ended in divorce.
“In England, General Dwight D. Eisenhower and his deputy commanders chart the liberation of a lost continent.” Then there’s the Allied D-Day invasion at Normandy.
But almost everyone found a reason to dawdle.
“The entire operative group that was involved in this case was arrested.
Alternatively, they may develop a symptom like a rash, which is indicative of a real allergic reaction but could be caused by an underlying illness and not by the drug.
Brian SilversteinJaipur, India To the Editor: Thanks to Paul Greenberg for providing suggestions to support the New Year’s resolution many of us doubtless made: to reduce screen time and renew connections to the physical world.
The university’s decision to move on from the former executive, Rhonda Faehn, is the latest fallout from the scandal, in which Nassar, a former doctor for the United States women’s gymnastics team and Michigan State University, was sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison for sex crimes against female athletes.
(WSJ) • Intel is partnering with Facebook on an artificial intelligence chip for use in processes such as automatically tagging people in photos.
“I came upstairs and he was completely nude.” (Adams, through his lawyer, denied this incident.)
The PEN America Literary Gala, which will be held at the American Museum of Natural History in New York on May 21, will also recognize Scholastic chief executive officer Richard Robinson, who has led the company for more than 40 years.
On Friday, BuzzFeed News reported that Mr. Trump had directed Mr. Cohen to lie to Congress about negotiations to build a Trump skyscraper in Moscow.
More recently, they have presented cellphone evidence that they say shows that neither detective was near where the woman has claimed they drove her during the alleged assaults.
But by 1860, most states had become suspicious of lotteries and had outlawed them precisely because of the egalitarian nature of luck — a poor black person could win one.
He shot in color with a Hasselblad.
That case involved a 27-minute sex tape that bore some disquieting similarities to the tape described by Avenatti and CNN on Thursday.
While Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, said on Thursday that he would support Mr. Trump, it would take only a handful of Republican senators to break ranks for the resolution to pass anyway.
Mahler, of course, was the great one at that.
As Ms. Shaffer notes, “we don’t have emotional Bubble Wrap for children, but we do have ways to help them develop the emotional agility to navigate through difficult situations.”
The last and longest-lasting of them is born between August and October.
A version of this article appears at Wirecutter.com.
Power unused is power lost.
A more complete view of the candidates’ fund-raising will eventually be available through the Federal Election Commission.
Both organizations claim to take an inclusive approach to conservation.
Ms. Adoo-Kissi-Debrah did not know then what diesel fumes can do to young lungs.
He went after former Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, rewriting the history of their split.
Lennon was probably the most famous inhabitant of a building that has housed many famous people, including Leonard Bernstein, Rosemary’s baby and Boris Karloff, a previous occupant of the Winters’ apartment.
But he found the wait more agonizing than the prospect of execution.
These will be included in the forthcoming exhibition “Apollo’s Muse: The Moon in the Age of Photography,” which opens in July in time for the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon landing.
I can’t be fearful on this job.
Mr. Khalilzad returned to Afghanistan to brief the government after six days of talks with the Taliban delegation in Doha, Qatar.
Con el tiempo, según algunas investigaciones, esa nueva élite militar bolivariana extendió su influencia hacia el contrabando y el narcotráfico, mientras se convertía en el principal sostén de Chávez y sobre todo de Maduro tras la muerte del líder.
“Polar” debuts on Friday, Jan. 25, on Netflix.
But if you were my close friend I would tell you everything.
On Monday, the Securities and Exchange Commission asked a federal court to hold him in contempt for violating a settlement that he and Tesla reached with the commission last year.
I’m urging her to bring her literal translations into a more vivid and robust English.
The Vatican: Pope Francis and other leaders of the Roman Catholic Church convene today for a conference on clerical sexual abuse.
Several neighbors flew black and white American flags with a single blue line, a symbol of support for the police.
There is so much oversaturation with coverage.
Ferrari señaló que la acumulación a menudo también es resultado de un “apego excesivo” a nuestros artículos personales, lo cual dificulta que nos deshagamos de ellos.
In spite of their focus on diverse representation, most of the candidates couched their remarks by saying they were the best candidate regardless of race or gender.
Geh, ahora de 29 años, se sintió fascinado al ver que alguien le escribía, aunque fuera una persona que jamás había visto.
Agents Association has been warning of the negative effects of the shutdown for nearly two weeks.
His predecessor, Janet Yellen, went so far as to say recently that “it’s very possible we may have seen the last interest rate hike of this cycle.” But what does it mean when a mere 2.4 percent interest rate — the rough level of the Fed’s target after a December increase — is enough to risk breaking the economy?
The electrical problems originated in an electrical panel that blew out last month, the union leaders said.
Read his “George and Jane,” and see if you don’t become transfixed.
(NYT) • The letter that forced Travis Kalanick out of Uber was among a series of files that were unsealed as part of a lawsuit over trade secrets brought by Alphabet’s Waymo.
In a stemwinder that touched on immigration policy, news media criticism and the importance of standing for the national anthem at football games, Mr. Trump told farmers that the benefits of trade deals that have not been finalized were already being realized.
So who are these Hollywood foreign people?
She published a step-by-step adoption guide in the Afro-American and interested couples provided her with letters of reference as well as proof of education, income, housing and other paperwork required by the State Department and German authorities.
“It’s not just the fact that I was arrested.
She put my hand on her shoulder and pointed to a ledge I could hoist myself up on.
“Our position as a group of freelancers is simple: Pay us, and pay us now,” the letter said.
His tweet on Saturday was crammed with statistics that were either exaggerated or omitted important context.
Immobilized by his wounds, he battles thirst, exhaustion, hallucinations and the threat of drowning in the rising tide.
Devastada, Pimentel explicó que su madre ya se había ido de Venezuela; caminó e hizo autostop para llegar hasta Chile, con la espera de enviar dinero a casa.
While that new model still might be a good buy, it may not be the same model that was listed last week.” For basic products like cables, adapters and chargers, Monoprice’s products are generally reliable, but you might want to comparison shop a bit to make sure you’re getting the best deal.
She is the one, after all, who will have to enter it all into the club’s accounts later.
Extra point Cowboys receiver Allen Hurns appeared to suffer a severe lower left leg injury in the first quarter.
He has $212,000 in cash on hand, according to filings from the Campaign Finance Board.
We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles.
(She said Mr. Weinstein assaulted her in 1997, but charges were never filed.)
And finally, the camera reaches the window and looks down into the street to reveal that there’s a paramilitary group attacking the demonstration.
Want to get your message out there?
One of the more striking was him talking about how everyone assumes he’s making so much money and benefiting so much from being president, but that actually — This is one of the great losers of all time.
For at least 20 years, we’ve been in a devastating national love affair with billionaires — a dalliance that the tech industry has championed more than any other.
Over all, she added, that will help scientists understand whether there are predictable ways to “render humans more like axolotls,” fantastic regenerators of the animal kingdom.
But what has set them apart, whether it’s Victoria Beckham or Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen at The Row, is that they have done so in part by renouncing their low culture past and humbly pledging their troth to design.
El Chapo maldijo a la madre del hombre mientras le apuntaba a la cabeza y abruptamente apretó el gatillo.
And on the other end, auditors go through the returns, which can take years before an estate is settled.
Mr. Pompeo’s focus was on making the Iran of today start “behaving like a normal country.” For all his contempt toward Mr. Obama, Mr. Pompeo fell back on some positions that sounded a lot like those of the last administration.
Consider what you have read here, as well as more information about President Trump’s stance presented in our Student Opinion question, “Does the President’s Goal to Build a Border Wall Merit a Government Shutdown?” After you’ve weighed the costs and benefits, post your analysis here or in the comments on our related writing prompt.
But he made clear they would not operate under a United Nations peacekeeping mandate.
For the past decade the laboratory, like much of the scientific community, has engaged in a delicate balancing act with regard to Dr. Watson: holding him at arm’s length for reinforcing unfounded racial stereotypes, while still honoring him for his contributions to science.
A Copa90 documentary in 2016 labeled IJsselmeervogels-Spakenburg the “world’s biggest amateur derby (probably).” In the village, they regard this game as fiercer than even Ajax and Feyenoord, the country’s most famous rivalry.
But it is particularly dangerous to babies, who are famous for touching things and then putting their fingers into their mouths.
While filming the 1984 made-for-television movie “Terrible Joe Moran,” Mr. Sirola found a fellow gardener in the film’s star, James Cagney, who was playing the title character in what turned out to be his last role.
I should be so lucky.
The lists released on Wednesday cover the five dioceses in New Jersey, reflecting a failure by the church that Cardinal Joseph W. Tobin, the archbishop of Newark, said “betrayed’’ victims and their families.
Late-night comedy: President Trump has said that Democrats’ investigations are “presidential harassment.” “Yes, presidential harassment,” Stephen Colbert said.
Genetic testing yielded no answers.
Preparations for the bitter cold were being complicated on Monday by a quick punch of snow that blew over the Great Lakes, leaving several inches in major cities and snarling travel.
The book’s landscape is dotted with roadside casino trailers, abandoned mining operations, country brothels set up like prisons with chain-link fences and armed guards to control both the customers and the immigrant prostitutes.
Museums, galleries and documentaries have all helped to broaden graffiti artists’ platform.
“My dream was always to be a farmer.”
Their complaints include that he was estranged from neither black people nor blackness.
But it can be the key to more and better cooking — as long as the contents fit your real-world cooking style and skills, so that you actually use what’s in it.
My ring was presented to me at the reception, and all was made good again.
But Mr. McConnell chose not to take a chance, rushing to the floor and interrupting a colleague’s speech to announce Mr. Trump’s decision, in effect locking it in before he could change his mind.
“Rick and I realize how fortunate we are to have found one another,” said Dr. Mechanik, who was looking forward to a honeymoon that would take them to Peru and Patagonia, Chile.
“It is important,” she says, “to leave a trace.”
Considering that back story, and her surprising win in November, Ms. Kaplan was emotional on Tuesday.
If Mr. King is on the ballot in 2020, they say, it could benefit Democrats by depressing support for the Senate re-election effort of Ms. Ernst in Iowa.
Sala se había despedido de sus compañeros del Nantes en Francia y se dirigía a su primer entrenamiento con el Cardiff, que lo fichó por 19 millones de dólares, un récord para el equipo inglés.
See: There is a lulling, mesmerizing grandeur to a new production of the 1980 opera “Improvement (Don Leaves Linda).” It’s a Critic’s Pick.
The fight over Mr. Barr’s nomination has centered on demands by Democrats that he pledge to make public any final report by the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, describing the findings of his investigation, which is believed to be nearing an end.
The reality is, it’s no different than Nick Saban, who has said how he loses his coordinators every year but he doesn’t mind because he knows the replacements come in and work hard because they have a chance to move on.
One witness said the materials were public at the time of the arrest, and a police captain even testified that the actions against the men were a setup.
It was a dramatic escalation of his longstanding criticism of Erdogan and a reflection of the way Kanter has been determined to use his fame as an athlete for political activism he considers crucial and dire.
In 2015, Amazon had begun asking Vine reviewers for their tax information, which meant that, over a certain value, Vine products were no longer free, really.
Ford said any worries about a slowdown in China were not likely to be a factor in domestic demand.
“People play it straight,” he added.
After the election, Senator Catherine Young, of Western New York, mounted a challenge to Mr. Flanagan for the position of minority leader, citing what she called the conference’s “devastating” losses.
But the first four states to legalize — Alaska, Colorado, Oregon and Washington — have seen sharp increases in murders and aggravated assaults since 2014, according to reports from the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
“Farmers will walk along fences and find six to eight dead tortoises in the space of 100 meters,” said Luke Arnot, a veterinary surgeon and lecturer at the University of Pretoria.
And with Virginia’s top three statewide officials facing mortal political threats in the midst of the legislative session and an election year, some senior legislators suggested it was time to stop demanding resignations.
is looking for a man who recently broke into an Apple store and stole $75,000 worth of product.
While the carmakers and the audio teams must battle over environment, budget, weight and space, owners simply want their vehicle to sound as if Ariana Grande were riding shotgun.
1 album, the pop singer Ariana Grande is back with an even bigger smash: “Thank U, Next” (Republic) tops the Billboard chart this week with 307 million song streams and 116,000 in sales for a total of 360,000 album equivalent units, according to Nielsen Music.
But activists aren’t focusing solely on Republicans.
“These were crimes against humanity,” Ms. González said.
And it’s a prize winner that is up for a best foreign-language Golden Globe on Sunday.
The cans were stacked on pallets in the backs of commercial tractor-trailers, which simply drove through official border entry points.
______ “It was like the twilight zone.” More and more laws are treating a fetus as a person and a woman as less of one, as states charge pregnant women with crimes against the unborn.
También se preguntó cómo México va a poder apoyar a tantos recién llegados desde Centroamérica: “¿Qué va a hacer este país con tantísimas personas?”.
But on each of the five times he has met with Mr. Putin since taking office, he has fueled suspicions about their relationship.
By rewriting the way costs and benefits are evaluated, Mr. Wheeler’s proposal threatens regulations governing a host of other environmental poisons.
Thirty years ago, only certain parts of the country’s south had the right conditions.
That has become a growing risk for the Grammys as the show has alienated more and more hip-hop and R&B stars — like Drake, Kanye West, Jay-Z and Frank Ocean — by failing to give them the most prestigious prizes.
But when Mr. Spicer’s briefing began, the lawyers started hearing numerous misstatements — some bigger than others — and ended up compiling them all in a memo.
So why the fainting fit over a bad word?
“It was the advertisement for a show that already happened with all that information crossed out, and it said: ‘Dear Vicky, Thank you for your letter.
They are, by turns, charming and mocking, detached and enraged, bullying and needy, often threatening suicide.
You can browse them here.
Perhaps, he said, it had been too busy staffing up.
The bride wore a sparkling silver bathing suit and long veil and looked ready to take a plunge into the aqua waters.
In both of those cases, the presidents were responding to new events — the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait and Al Qaeda’s assault on the United States — and were moving military funds around for a military purposes.
Culture changes when a small group of people, often on the margins of society, find a better way to live, and other people begin to copy them.
It is a maritime diffusion.” Dr. Schulz Paulsson said that future research will focus on the trading of greenstone along the route she traced for the expansion of the tomb technology.
And that’s going to make a lot of farmers very happy.
And they think it’s funny.
group was quoted as saying in an article on Page 240.
It’s more or less based on an earlier film of the same title directed by Gerardo Naranjo and starring Stephanie Sigman, which used action-thriller techniques and moods to explore the corrosive effects of narco trafficking on the lives of ordinary Mexicans.
“You will fight through this with all you can and with hope and determability, you can do … ANYTHING.” Cancer can be a killer, but it can also be a clarifier.
They have the ability to miss some public appearances and let the public outcry die down a little bit.” transcript “We’re here because the history of Jim Crow is obviously still alive and living up in the Governor’s Mansion.” “That photo and the racist and offensive attitudes it represents does not reflect that person I am today or the way that I have conducted myself as a soldier, a doctor and a public servant.” “I did participate in a dance contest in San Antonio, in which I darkened my face as part of a Michael Jackson costume.” “This is one of the most blatant examples of a smear that I think, you know, you could see was something that’s completely uncorroborated.
“Pasta Italian Style,” published by Sainsbury’s in 1981, was a success, and Ms. Lousada went on to write a dozen more recipe books, introducing British cooks to such exotica as burgers and tapenade.
You should be worried about the far more subtle uses of cyber.” For example, not an overt attack on U.S. troops, but instead, maybe hacking into military health records and switching around people’s blood types.
And then, as the questions shift towards Russia — Has Rod Rosenstein given you any sense over the course of the last year about whether you have any exposure, either in — or there’s any concerns, or whether you’re a target of either Mueller or — Well, he told — he told the attorneys that I’m not a subject — I’m not a target.
The United States remains the only industrialized country not to offer paid leave to parents, and such a policy has been a tough nut to crack at the federal level, because, well, no one can figure out where to get the money.
A draft memo about the logistics of the plan, obtained this week by the transportation website Streetsblog, warned of major disruptions for riders, including making stations at First and Third Avenues in Manhattan “exit only.” Shams Tarek, a spokesman for the authority, defended the new L train plan on Thursday and argued that avoiding a full shutdown of the tunnel would benefit riders.
| Sign up for the Science Times newsletter.]
T pities fools.” Granted, it’s misspelled, but the image is highly memorable.
Those who tried to buck the conventional method experienced harsh trade-offs.
(Sunday Times) • The exercise equipment maker Peloton has reportedly picked Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase to lead its I.P.O.
And this book is perhaps her most important song.
Both the 2017 and 2018 Super Bowls suffered modest overnight ratings declines from the previous Super Bowl, but they were smaller than the major viewership declines the N.F.L.
Aurore Canoville, a postdoctoral researcher in Dr. Zanno’s lab, collected small samples from the bones.
“This is a smart, strategic, see-through steel barrier — not just a simple concrete wall,” he said, adding, “Simply put, WALLS WORK and WALLS SAVE LIVES.” But as Mr. Trump raised the time frame to keep the government fully funded, the Democrats tensed and Republicans continued to applaud.
[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]
Or let’s meet in the Sourdough Saloon in Dawson City, Yukon, and we can enjoy the Sourtoe cocktail together (I dare you to look up what that is).
All this without a whisper of sentimentality.
Vladimir sold some property he owned to fund his son’s travel.
Kamala Devi Harris, when you were in your mother’s womb, God already knew about this stage of your life, and already knew that you would be in Greer, South Carolina, at the Needmore Community Center.
During an interview, two of his comrades showed a spreadsheet with hundreds of names, ages, ranks and identification numbers — people they said were interested in joining them.
When he was super young, he always had to play the handsome leading man.” Seated together in a small windowless room of the Sowden House, Mr. Pine and Ms. Jenkins exuded unmistakable chemistry.
This was a man, after all, who invented the haute fourrure show for Fendi — one full of clothes that were mind-blowing in their intricacy and invention — when fur itself was going determinedly out of fashion.
… Devontae Cacok scored 18 points and grabbed 16 rebounds, and host North Carolina-Wilmington (9-10, 5-10), which started the day in last place in the Colonial Athletic Association, knocked off conference leader Hofstra (12-2, 22-5), 87-79.
But with a series of careful financial decisions and the creation of nonprofits and academic centers, the former vice president has paved the way for a possible run.
The National Sexual Assault Hotline is available 24/7 at 800-656-HOPE (4673).
Mr. Northam had opened the room to questions by then, and the press asked about the dance contest.
One example of the impact: 600 pollution inspectors and other workers at the Environmental Protection Agency responsible for detecting violations that endanger human health are off the job.
I’m also old enough to remember that the world was divided into the Eastern Bloc (the former Soviet Union and its satellite states) and the Western Bloc (the United States and its allies).
Democrats could appear to be succumbing to the national mood of anger, when the better image might be of hope.
Of that sum, $300 million is punitive damages for what Judge Amy Berman Jackson, in her ruling, called “Syria’s longstanding policy of violence” that aimed “to intimidate journalists” and “suppress dissent.” “Our hope is that this case in some ways will provide a blueprint for future cases against the regime” led by President Bashar al-Assad, said Scott Gilmore, a lawyer for the Colvins, after Judge Jackson’s ruling was issued on Tuesday.
“You have understood me very well,” Zemmour replied.
Two of the lawyers, Jose Baez and Ronald S. Sullivan Jr., also represented Ms. McGowan when she faced drug possession charges in Virginia.
“Speaker Coughlin is committed to changing New Jersey’s antiquated voting laws and will work to protect voting rights for New Jerseyans across the state,” said Liza Acevedo, a spokeswoman for Mr. Coughlin.
How easily her Ally eclipses his Jackson!
Then he compared Mr. Bernanke to LeBron James.
Adding to the concern is that last month, Juul took a $12.8 billion investment from Altria, the tobacco giant behind Marlboro and other popular brands, in exchange for 35 percent of the company.
Her hand-lettered sign said, in glitter, “Stop the wall, stop the lies, El Paso has always been safe.” Mr. O’Rourke appeared in shirt sleeves, despite plummeting temperatures, but with his usual upbeat attitude.
As it happened, Monk’s owner, Peter Turner, was planning to list a two-story, two-family townhouse built in 1910.
He has denied the allegations.
Ms. Lee filed a complaint in 2016 against a family friend who she said molested her as a child.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the percentage of children who are unvaccinated has quadrupled since 2001, even though the overall utilization of most vaccines remains high.
Mr. Covington is being represented by the Salt Lake Legal Defender Association, a state-level public defense group.
“For me, it’s not complicated and most all of us know it.
“It’s going to be marvelous and fantastic.” “The Haunting” ends with the Miranda character promising to give away money he made from “Hamilton” in the future to organizations in New York like Medgar Evers College.
The Emirati embassy in Washington did not respond to a request for comment.
“I sat across from Harvey Weinstein at Bob De Niro’s place in TriBeCa,” said Ms. Gotti of a lunch at the Tribeca Grill, a former Miramax haunt.
Regardless of the risk of salmonella, Mr. Tipton recommends that owners never cuddle or kiss their hedgehogs.
I must have been around 18.
An ill-conceived promotional video, mentioned by Dr. Hossenfelder, doesn’t mean that the research it describes is ill conceived.
“ — and you didn’t get brought to the dance.” “I did not want to go to the White House,” Mr. Cohen asserted.
Exclusion leads to hurt feelings.
“White America was not ready for this.
Three days later, again under the cover of darkness, someone walked into another Douglas County home about a mile up the road and shot and killed Sophia Renken, 74.
And people might have misunderstood — Well, that wasn’t business.
None of the prominent Democrats running or expected to run in 2020 filed presidential fund-raising numbers Thursday, but some who are currently holding another office reported substantial sums of cash that they will be able to transfer to a presidential run.
Even though the class broke no laws, it still felt just a little criminal.
With polls showing that liberals and younger voters are increasingly less sympathetic to Israel, and a handful of vocal supporters of Palestinian rights arriving in Congress, the new group — the Democratic Majority for Israel — is planning to wage a campaign to remind elected officials about what they call the party’s shared values and interests with one of America’s strongest allies.
We have to stand up and say no more sexual abuse, no more sexual traumatizing, no more sexual wounding.
So how should a Democratic voter — or, for that matter, campaign aide or donor — choose among these candidates?
Stefan lives with mental illness and has trouble admitting his attempt to adapt his favorite multiple-pathway novel into a video game is going awry.
Last year, the Authority Collective, in cooperation with Diversify, created the “Lit List” a group of 30 photographers “of marginalized identities” to watch, which led to an exhibition at Photoville in New York.
Anjou celebrates the release of “Enamigo Reciprokataj” with Greg Chudzik on bass and Shirazette Tinnin on drums.
It is not, though, quite so simple as that.
Con curiosidad y emoción, Teuscher decidió comunicarse con ella.
The law declares that the animals must be stunned insensible before they are killed, a practice widely applied in the global food industry but rejected by some observant Muslims and Jews, who insist that their time-honored method of slashing an animal’s neck is mandated by their religion and fully humane.
The Atlantic’s Annie Lowrey has reviewed the proposal positively and Slate’s Jordan Weissmann has reviewed it negatively.
I don’t know exactly who has access to the data those apps collect, but while meeting with confidential sources, I don’t want to risk that an app on my phone might be sending Facebook my location.
What do you think this image is saying?
Some had been there for decades, when the neighborhood was home to dock workers living in single-room occupancies.
(WSJ) • Saudi Aramco, the world’s largest oil producer, is likely to issue its first international bond to help finance its potentially $70 billion purchase of the petrochemical giant Sabic.
He is a weak president, and he seems to be getting weaker.
It said the suspects appeared with their lawyers, were given copies of the charges against them and asked for time to prepare their defenses.
Republicans overwhelmingly backed Mr. Rubio’s bill, reigniting a fracas over political support for the B.D.S.
Schweblin’s dark farces just might awaken you to some of your own.
MS. OJIH ODUTOLA I am looking forward to seeing these objects escape from the trauma of colonialism at some point.
The vote was 5 to 4, with Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. joining the court’s four-member liberal wing to form a majority.
But the numbers make him, at the very least, competitive with Flacco, who is more than three years older and had 12 touchdowns, six interceptions and 6.4 adjusted yards per pass.
Senator Jeff Merkley, a Democrat from Oregon who led a congressional delegation to Tornillo last month and pressed for it to be shuttered, said that the expansion of Homestead shows that “the Trump administration has not changed its fundamental strategy of deliberately hurting kids as part of its ongoing strategy of deterrence.” “It’s a shell game of moving kids from one facility to another,” Mr. Merkley said in a telephone interview.
“We are totally united — totally.” In a closed-door meeting of House Democratic leaders on Monday, Ms. Pelosi and Mr. Hoyer said they had no problem with the idea of rank-and-file Democrats meeting with Mr. Trump.
After a year of putting in his own sweat equity, Mr. Coleman is looking forward to taking three days off for his 29th birthday next month.
Everyone raps about buying expensive new things, but only Gunna links the ability to spend money wantonly to emotional intimacy.
Last night, President Trump reserved a few minutes of his State of the Union address to praise his tax reform law, which turned a year old last month.
(Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez fared slightly better, even though, at age 29, she would have to wait about six years before she’s old enough to run.)
The headquarters of the royal commission, which runs the festival, are in Riyadh, where 100 full-time employees work.
The kinds of names placed on the wall have shifted.
But for many of us who came into adulthood with “Boomerang” (it debuted the summer before my first year of college), it made the fantastical feel within our reach.
“But this sense that likability is the be-all and end-all of how voters view candidates is not really consistent with how we explore public opinion.” A better measure, she says, comes from tracking job approval, empathy and the sense voters have that a candidate will fight for people like them.
“We strongly and unreservedly reject this result,” the statement said.
Mr. Barr pledged to allow the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, to finish his investigation and promised to withstand political pressure from President Trump or other forces, saying his age, 68, and experience freed him to act independently.
Ms. Merkel said the split over Iran “depresses me very much,” but she stressed that Europe and America were ultimately pursuing the same goal since Europe, too, was concerned about Iranian behavior.
Which kind of Super Bowl watcher are you?
The regular season pointing one way and the Super Bowl pointing another isn’t necessarily unusual.
According to the Real Estate Institute of New Zealand, housing prices there rose by nearly 65 percent between December 2008 and December 2018, with the median home price in the country’s largest city, Auckland, almost doubling in that period.
Five years ago, an artist even built a clandestine bar inside a water tower in Chelsea.
“I have never written a novel that just sort of springs from the head of Zeus, from an absolute space of fiction,” Luiselli said.
But that day’s not arriving any time soon.
The department wrote that the rejection of the essay came out of concern that readers might not take kindly to a piece lauding Britain’s food while rationing was still in place after World War II.
La carrera de Pancake ha tenido un comienzo prometedor.
France Italy 200 miles 50 miles London Dover BELGIUM BRITAIN Cap Gris-Nez Calais Boulogne-sur-Mer FRANCE English Channel By The New York Times “We’ve never seen anything like this,” said Valerie Arnout, who was at her stand on the quay selling sole and skate caught by her brother that morning.
The national group’s agenda this year is to transform its principles into policy at the state and federal levels — namely, advocating for the rights of immigrant women, the disabled and the L.G.B.T.Q.
Tony Vinciquerra became chief executive of Sony Pictures in June 2017.
It was a soft, refined vision of masculinity — anything but sinister, punk or street — a traditional suit made both regal and futuristic with its details: nylon gaiters over polished leather boots, delicate gold and silver brooches adorning peak lapels.
The 60 just came out.
“But I just let it roll.
Finally, we end with a tribute to America’s first lady of letters.
COLOMBO, Sri Lanka — Sri Lanka, intent on reviving the death penalty after a 42-year moratorium, first has to find a hangman.
The man’s abdomen began to swell with even more fluid.
Concentrations of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere are higher than they have been in 800,000 years, and average global temperatures have risen.
In the late 50s, when I was 8 or 9 years old, I remember attending minstrel shows put on as fund-raisers for schools.
officials who were simultaneously watching as Russia’s campaign unfolded to undermine the presidential election by exploiting existing divisions among Americans.
They also contend that Mr. Bernhardt’s experience in the Bush administration and the oil industry will help him run the agency with a professionalism that sometimes appears to be lacking in other corners of the Trump administration, where some agency heads have had little experience in the fields of policy that they govern.
The Finnish magazine Seiska and the public broadcaster YLE, citing his “close circle,” said on Monday that Nykanen had died suddenly overnight.
Ms. Pelosi noted that both the Secret Service and Homeland Security Department have gone without funding in the government shutdown.
This month, one of its employees was arrested in Poland and charged with espionage.
The plan is to systematically rotate a selection of art in the galleries on the fifth, fourth and second floors about every six months, with roughly 30 percent of the contents rotated each year.
To be fair, the clues unearthed by the researchers’ approach are fuzzy and imprecise at best.
___ Several women say Ryan Adams — who had a reputation in the music business for drunken misbehavior back when I covered music years ago — offered to jump start their music careers, then pursued them sexually and in some cases retaliated when they spurned him.
The spring 2019 haute couture collections have glided across Paris’s runways, bringing the twice-yearly festivities to a close.
Instagram, which is not blocked in Iran, has revolutionized the way Iranians view themselves.
Ghanshyam Upadhaya, a spokesman for the ministry of tourism, said his office had sent their findings to other ministries — health, home, finance and civil aviation — but was waiting to hear back.
“The project was abandoned and we’re sort of protected for now,” Mr. Lee said.
“Like a high school term paper that got a low mark”: That was President Trump’s grade of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s Green New Deal.
There has been concern that the schism dividing the Ukrainian and Russian churches could provoke violent clashes over church property, not least the famous monastery in central Kiev revered as the birthplace of Russian Christianity.
But when we added in the results of the second set of questions about tracking people on that firm’s website, other websites and offline, the percentage that in the end decided they didn’t want tailoring ranged from 89 percent to 93 percent with political ads, 68 percent to 84 percent for commercial ads, 53 percent to 77 percent for discounts, and 64 percent to 83 percent for news.
Para demostrar su argumento, el gobierno planea llamar como testigos a por lo menos dieciséis de los subordinados y aliados del capo, algunos de los cuales fungieron como encargados de entregar el dinero de los sobornos.
Senator Cory Booker’s “baby bonds” policy aims to help poorer children by giving them a government-funded savings account that could total up to $50,000 for the lowest income brackets.
She said she knew in her heart that Mr. Sala was still alive somewhere in the Channel.
Los prisioneros recibían sueldos muy por debajo del salario mínimo, si es que les pagaban.
“Tax revenue continues to come in, and states continue to operate.” Sure enough, Mr. Northam last week signed a bill promising tax incentives to Amazon for its planned campus in the state.
“So our task is to try and protect him.” Long after the final whistle of his first game back, Blaszczykowski did not seem to need protection.
The social agenda of his 1912 platform lived on, inspiring progressives of both parties.
With negotiations apparently at a standstill, the strike could last days or even weeks.
A woman near the exit saw me happily munching on the chips.
But adding more bathrooms has always been at the forefront of redevelopment plans, she added in a phone interview.
No, Mexico will not pay for the wall.
A lot of things can happen.” On Thursday morning, Robert Lighthizer, the United States trade representative, flanked by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and the economic advisers Larry Kudlow and Peter Navarro, met with Liu He, China’s vice premier, and a team of Chinese advisers in the executive office building next to the White House.
His Pax-Am label was connected to Capitol Music Group, a major conglomerate, and an opening slot on one of his sold-out tours could introduce an emerging artist to fans and business partners.
“But in fact it’s useful precisely because it is an outlet for all that pent-up anger.” Tlaib, of course, is far from alone in her fury.
Critics point to the league’s centralized control of player contracts and Soccer United Marketing’s influence with U.S. Soccer as hampering the growth of the domestic game, and Garber once openly feuded with the former United States national team coach Jurgen Klinsmann after the coach criticized the league.
If there wasn’t available ocean on this planet for heat storage, the warming of the atmosphere would have been three times as big.” Throughout his career, Dr. Munk shifted into different areas of research as the spirit moved him.
Now that the elite fashion world is in disarray, splintered by the rise of the street, direct communication and a growing awareness of its lack of diversity, there is little wonder that LVMH would see in Rihanna a potential way forward.
Between the beginning of 2008 and late 2018, the share of reserves that central banks worldwide held in dollars remained roughly constant, dipping to 62 percent of the total from 63 percent, according to the International Monetary Fund.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
Employed by El Chapo: Edgar Galvan, a luckless figure with a quiet voice and an unassuming manner, was the first witness at the El Chapo trial who could be described as a minor worker bee.
Así que mis cuatro letras están bien desplegadas en mi perfil de citas en línea.
“The Palestinians are conveying to the Arabs that this is an effort to buy them off to give up their national aspirations — and that will require the political part of the plan to look more credible on statehood and Jerusalem for the Arabs,” Mr. Ross said.
Cortázar se rio y me dijo que sí, que era un error, que en 1958, cuando escribió la historia, no tenía ni idea de ninguna droga y puso marihuana como podía haber puesto lavandina y que se enteró del patinazo cuando se lo dijo su traductor americano —que hipertradujo “heroína” en lugar de “marihuana”—, pero que él no quiso cambiarlo.
The annual event is organized by the California Independent Voter Project, a nonprofit in San Diego that was co-founded by a former state senator and says it informs the public about policy issues.
Each company has viewed the other as trying to seize the opportunity to tip the balance of power of the alliance in its favor.
“This project goes way beyond what is allowed to be built,” Mr. Garodnick said, “and it needs to be carefully scrutinized in a detailed public review.” Mr. Macklowe was undaunted.
“But then he charmed me and I decided he was brilliant and artistically bold.
Since the days of Mao Zedong, the party has staked its reputation on protecting everyday workers, but increasingly many are blaming party officials for not doing more to defend their rights.
The director, Mariusz Trelinski, doesn’t push too hard at the connection between the works, but you end up feeling a kinship.
Ms. Mark-Viverito, 49, has not yet met that threshold; she has just over $50,000 in donations that are eligible to be matched.
They have their own mansion, in the rural Midwest, where they’re overseen by their own eccentric genius (Timothy Dalton).
The bride’s father retired as the treasurer of the Kellogg Foundation in Battle Creek.
A photo of the gold medal finish from Pyeongchang, with Diggins’s arms thrust triumphantly skyward, sits atop a baseboard heater where Randall can see it as she sweats.
Parking spaces for two cars are at the back of the property.
We recently set up a special-needs trust.
It was listed for $319,999, with a $200 monthly common charge (and taxes of $8,254).
“I would like to say I was disappointed,” said Jeovanna deShong-Connor, a senior who is co-president of the student group Umoja, which organized the demonstration on Friday.
Yet her response to the Smollett case may only reinforce her instinct for caution.
Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the senior Democrat on the Finance Committee, said that nothing in the proposal required drug companies to reduce prices.
And be sure to check out our full assortment of free newsletters from The Times.
Después de todo, muchos de los altos mandos militares son responsables de graves violaciones a los derechos humanos y, según algunos informes, han adquirido ganancias inmensas a partir de actividades ilícitas.
I was just executing my orders, like I just did what I’ve been practicing my whole life.”
But then he abruptly quit working and was institutionalized, Mr. Tselnik said.
McDavid, whose eight-game point streak was snapped on Friday night, now has 11 assists and 13 points in his last 10 games.
Have a direct conversation with your parents about what they’re afraid of: inappropriate text messages or posts on social media, visits to adult websites, online predators, or all of the above?
• Bristol-Myers Squibb said last week that it would buy Celgene, which makes the blockbuster Revlimid cancer medicine, for $74 billion.
We all pictured him getting hazed until 2 in the morning and to within an inch of his death.
Leaders of the National Academy of Medicine and the National Academy of Sciences in the United States, along with the Chinese Academy of Sciences, have jointly proposed a commission with academies in other countries to develop criteria so scientists can’t “seek out convenient locales for conducting dangerous and unethical experimentation.” The proposal included establishing “an international mechanism that would enable scientists to raise concerns.” The World Economic Forum in Davos has scheduled a discussion of the issue on Thursday.
“The goal to end the U.S. H.I.V.
[Read: ‘The Monsters Are the Men’: Inside a Thriving Sex Trafficking Trade in Florida] Two weeks ago, Mr. Kraft was spotted at a sound check for another of his friends, the rock star Jon Bon Jovi, who was performing in a multimillion-dollar fund-raiser for the Everglades Foundation at the Breakers, a Gilded Age Palm Beach resort where Mr. Kraft stays in a condo when he is in town.
The Food and Drug Administration first sought to ban sales of flavors during the Obama administration, but was rebuffed by the White House after fierce lobbying by tobacco companies and retail shops.
But the goal was to get their added sugar intake to less than 3 percent of their daily calories — less than the 5 to 10 percent limit for adults and children recommended by the World Health Organization.
Meanwhile, the video clips of hooligans being arrested and of searches at TS Wisla’s headquarters made finding a new investor for the club difficult.
Settling east of the Manhattan Bridge, where tourist traffic is lighter, also helps.
En esta entrega de El Eticista, un hombre confiesa que le contó los detalles de una noche de sexo desenfrenado de su amigo a su pareja.
Strong, the special agent in charge of the F.B.I.
“However, it has morphed into an equally severe case of retaliation by SOC.” Ms. Holt, the spokeswoman, said in an email that SOC was working to “transform a culture that existed under the prior contractor” and that it tolerated no harassment or retaliation.
However, the minerals that make up the rocks were about 70 percent more dense than that.
Alex Ovechkin will skip the N.H.L.’s All-Star Weekend in San Jose, Calif., to get some extra rest, and he will serve an automatic one-game suspension.
Further, attorneys and paralegal staff reported that detainees lacked access to extra blankets and could not purchase extra sweatshirts at the commissary,” it said.
And I’m really scared to apply to colleges, because I don’t want to be accepted just because I’m a Douglas kid.
This thrilled Donald Trump, who tweeted enthusiastically, “Congratulations to President @JairBolsonaro who just made a great inauguration speech — the U.S.A. is with you!” Mr. Bolsonaro returned the love, tweeting back, “Together, under God’s protection, we shall bring prosperity and progress to our people!” His actions were a sad but not unexpected performance by Brazil’s new leader, a onetime military officer whose 27 years in the Brazilian Congress were notable only for crude insults to women, sexual minorities and blacks.
Now, educators are demanding higher pay, smaller class sizes and the hiring of more support staff like counselors and librarians.
Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.
I think “Maleficent 2” expands that world in a fascinating way.
Pero nuestras cámaras y grabaciones de la entrevista se quedaron en Venezuela, al igual que todos los celulares de mis compañeros.
Florecen en la primavera y son inigualablemente hermosos durante unos días, hasta que caen todas las flores y los jardines de ambos quedan hechos un desastre.
The public advocate candidates have also made a point of discussing how they would be a foil to the mayor and challenge him on issues such as lead contamination in New York City Housing Authority apartments.
“El muro en sí no detiene todo el flujo, pero puede ser una vía para detener todo el flujo”.
Los estantes de mi biblioteca se pandean en el centro, y no solo porque están hechos de triplay barato, sino porque tienen dos hileras de libros, la del frente y la de atrás.
But the Pakistani Army eventually sent a helicopter to the men’s last-known location on a reconnaissance flight on Thursday.
Tiffany controls most of the process that readies its diamonds for display cases — from rough stones that are mapped out on a 3-D scanner by specialists in Belgium, to polishing at in-house workshops in Africa and Asia, to grading and setting at facilities in the United States, where they are marked with an imperceptible serial number.
FG: Creo que es importante encontrar ese punto medio en la arquitectura también para que las cosas sucedan de la misma manera.
Though they were written independently — “Sea Wall” originated at the Bush Theater in London in 2008 — the Public’s production, marking the New York premiere of the combo platter, makes it seem as if they were designed to be bookends.
Hindu mobs fueled by incendiary rhetoric from leaders of organizations affiliated with the Bharatiya Janata Party, targeted homes and businesses owned by Muslims.
The airline industry reported that it was losing revenue.
And he, I would say to all my colleagues, has indicated he’s prepared to sign the bill.
“We love to try new things,” said Mr. Hutchinson, 63, said.
Sign up here to get it delivered to your inbox.
What I admire about Tubman and Douglass is their commitment to action, to participation and to inclusiveness in the broadest way.
Between us we had six deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan.
• A senior North Korean official known as Kim Jong-un’s “butler” has begun scouting hotels, factory sites and resorts in Vietnam ahead of the North Korean leader’s second summit meeting with Mr. Trump in Hanoi next week.
“I’ve never given a talk to so many people who didn’t believe what I was saying,” Dr. Cryan recalled.
It would also underestimate America’s great potential to attract, and also transform, people of all faiths and races under a simple but rare principle — equal justice under the law.
“You don’t want a college that shuts you off or feels like it’s not their responsibility to take care of you.” Several admissions officials say they have seen a rise in inquiries regarding counseling and mental health services and accommodations from parents and prospective students.
Vance’s book tells the story of his chaotic childhood in Ohio, where part of his extended family migrated from Kentucky’s Appalachian region.
I thought it was a pretty ripping challenge to finish, as there were about a half dozen examples that were very hard for me to figure out (although there were a few that were easy peasy, enough to lure me into the trap, I guess).
“When zero weapons is not on the table — and it’s not — then something less than 100 nuclear weapons seems better than the alternative,’’ said Robert S. Litwak, author of “Preventing North Korea’s Nuclear Breakout” and a scholar at the Wilson Center in Washington.
What kind of reader were you as a child?
But the late inclusions of the anti-boycott, divest and sanction — or anti-B.D.S.
Otros de los reportes filtrados hacen mención de cómo divulgar en medios británicos temas que perjudiquen la reputación catarí.
“I’m perfectly happy to go down with that title next to my name.”
The Europeans “are beginning to do what we should,” Ms. Tocci said — spend more on the military, discuss some sort of European army in coordination with NATO, think more strategically as Europe in the face of Russia and China.
The unlikelihood of winning the group’s support discouraged some Democrats who might have welcomed it from even trying to do so.
76-82 Sloane Avenue, London SW3 3DZ, daylesford.com.
“David, you’re taking care of that, and we’ll see how it works out with schedules and everything else,” Mr. Trump said at the meeting.
His first job was at The Atlanta Daily World.
“It’s more global, for people who have sweaty underarms and hands and feet, and it’s excessive.
Briony will be there, selling Leuk the Duck merchandise to raise money for families dealing with cancer.
That sea change was largely accomplished by revisionist exhibitions like “The World Goes Pop” (which included Nicola L’s work) at the Tate Modern in London, and “International Pop” (which did not) at the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis, both in 2015.
The governor requested an inquiry into how Hacienda employees did not know that the 29-year-old patient, who has been at the nursing center since 1992, had been raped or notice that she was pregnant, according to a copy of the letter he sent the attorney general, Mark Brnovich.
Do you have questions about life on the border?
“Nielsen has enthusiastically generated false evidence to justify the president’s xenophobic immigration policies, zealously executed those policies in ways that have shocked the world, and then brazenly lied about both.” Nielsen is definitely a contender.
ASUNCIÓN — Estaba preparado para una extensa revisión antes de que me dieran acceso al interior de la celda en Paraguay donde se encontraba un reconocido narcotraficante, pero el guardia delgado que estaba apostado frente a las rejas apenas me tocó; tan solo pasó rápidamente sus manos por mi espalda y brazos.
But while two recent proposals sound simple enough, they could be difficult to put into effect.
Some economists have begun to warn that such a situation is likely and that economic confidence could be undermined as businesses, consumers and investors lose faith in the ability of political leaders to find agreement on issues like raising the federal debt limit and approving trade deals.
In “Breaking and Entering: The Extraordinary Story of a Hacker Called ‘Alien,’” Jeremy N. Smith tells a tale of computer intrigue, but not through the eyes of the black hats whose misdeeds have dominated recent political news.
I was dressed and ready to go.
“Professor Bialer was brilliant and engaging in the classroom,” she said by email, “and, because of his experience living in Eastern Europe before he came to Columbia, he had a unique ability to explain Soviet politics to American students and colleagues.” Seweryn Bialer (pronounced seh-VER-in BYA-ler) was born on Nov. 3, 1926, in Berlin and raised in Lodz, Poland, in a prominent Jewish family.
“To carve a path to independence and prosperity that can last a lifetime.” She also made several calls for working with Republicans.
It “is a good reminder of how much you’ve tried.” (Just to be clear: Despite her failures, Dr. Stefan is indeed quite successful: She earned her Ph.D. from the European Bioinformatics Institute, she worked at Caltech and Harvard, and she has been a lecturer since 2015.)
In 1991, his “WR” was being re-edited, with his permission, so that it could be shown on British television as part of a series on censored films.
“There was some self-inflicted stuff, but it’s always disappointing.”’ Boyle added, “I think we had pretty good control of it, but we’re still a work in progress.” Kreider gave the Rangers a 3-2 lead early in the third period with a seemingly stoppable shot from the right circle that got past Kinkaid.
Skinny blue jeans were tucked into thigh-high brown boots, worn with roll-necks and fuzzy fur coats or sequin cardigans.
It was “about what we can do now that we’ve graduated,” says DiCaprio, referencing a recent shift in Vaquera’s strategy.
I’m Mike Pence.” Vice President Mike Pence has voiced his support for Guaidó and the opposition.
She did not miss any arguments after the earlier procedures.
Last week the government suffered a number of embarrassing defeats in the run-up to the vote.
This is better than not having a job.
The strategy no doubt entails risks, not least that the president’s exhaustive, deliberative style runs up against the angry demands for urgent action from citizens impatient with promises that his disruptive economic changes will soon yield fruit.
When it accused Mr. Morales himself — of campaign finance irregularities — the government began an overt effort to block the panel.
She provided a copy of the 10-page complaint to The New York Times, which shows she had met with prosecutors for nearly three hours.
“I have to say, looking at the scenes in the last half-hour or so, it’s the most united the Conservative benches have been, probably, for months.” A notable tribute to Mrs. May came from Conservative lawmaker Mark Francois, a leader of the arch-Brexiteer European Research Group.
In design, their gratuitous beauty humbles us into reflections on the divine; in cruelty of purpose, they are a memento mori, a symbol of ineluctable fate embodied in the futile wriggling of an ensnared fly.
Emily heard rumors that he’d been fired from his job, kicked out of his apartment, had moved to a new city and was not doing well.
And the music is frustratingly uneven.
• Rolls-Royce had record sales last year, as wealthy buyers spent some of their gains from the Trump administration’s tax cuts.
The Philippine Navy hopes to buy 20 ships in the next decade, he said, and the Coast Guard and the Bureau of Fisheries have pending orders for vessels.
Ensuring payment would be tricky, which is why the proposal includes all those new I.R.S.
The No Dong engine from North Korea powers Iranian missiles and rockets No Dong engine 6 FT. MAN No Dong missile Shahab-3 missile Safir orbital rocket Simorgh orbital rocket MODEL N. Korea Iran Iran Iran COUNTRY 1990 1998 2008 2016 YEAR OF FIRST KNOWN FLIGHT TEST Orbital rocket failure rates Iran Iran’s orbital rocket launches 67% Each square represents one launch 58 % Worldwide FAILURES SHOWN IN RED 17 7 7 6 5 5 50s 60s 70s 80s 90s 00s 10s ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 DECADE OF LAUNCH YEAR OF LAUNCH The No Dong engine from North Korea powers Iranian missiles and rockets No Dong engine 6 FT. MAN MODEL Safir space rocket Simorgh space rocket No Dong missile Shahab-3 missile COUNTRY N. Korea Iran Iran Iran YEAR OF FIRST KNOWN FLIGHT TEST 1990 1998 2008 2016 Orbital rocket failure rates Iran 67% 58 % Worldwide 17 7 7 6 5 5 50s 60s 70s 80s 90s 00s 10s Iran’s orbital rocket launches Each square represents one launch FAILURES SHOWN IN RED ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 YEAR OF LAUNCH By Guilbert Gates/The New York Times | Sources: Norbert Brügge, www.b14643.de; Center for Strategic and International Studies; James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies; Space Launch Report The key insight, as several participants described it, was to subvert test launches of new missiles.
That’s it for this briefing.
And Mr. Trump’s trade war with China is beginning to be felt by American companies, like Apple and FedEx, which have warned that the tit-for-tat tariffs are pinching profits.
And the late hour should enhance the performances, loosening the audience’s inhibitions and encouraging people from all backgrounds to twerk to the irresistible rap-dance blend.
La difícil situación del Sea-Watch 3 es “una metáfora del estado en el que Europa se encuentra en este momento”, comentó Villa.
If a restaurant serves food only on plastic plates, they won’t eat there.
JON PARELES This Los Angeles rapper has a quixotic, charismatic flow, spilling words past the end of lines with a pinched, tart voice that recalls the earliest Los Angeles gangster rap.
“They always just focused on it …” In the 1990s, Lorena Bobbitt was the topic of tabloid headlines and comedy skits after cutting off her husband’s penis and tossing it out of a car window.
The woman would smile at him and then look down.
The announcement by the candidate, Martin Fayulu, who had been shown by polls to be heavily favored in the race, came as questions about the fairness of the vote intensified.
But beneath this unconcern is a different kind of self-regard, a sense of himself as a historical figure in waiting.
Back when there was an idea of something called the free world, led by the United States, Americans cared about such things, and were willing to act.
In fact, you can almost think of the wall as a modern-day Confederate monument, akin to those erected during a similar but far more virulent period of racist aggression in the first decades of the 20th century.
And because of that, there are a bunch of proposals over the years to try to reconsider a more national health care system.
The House voted Thursday to extend the time allotted for the F.B.I.
1 from Greece who sent him packing with a 6-7 (11), 7-6 (3), 7-5, 7-6 (5) defeat in their first official head-to-head meeting.
By monitoring your phone, your parents are wisely (sorry!)
During his State of the Union address, President Trump called on Congress to help him make “investments in the cutting-edge industries of the future.” He devoted only a couple of lines to the issue in the 82-minute speech, but the WSJ reports that he appears to be serious.
As Republicans have morphed from the party of George W. Bush, who sought legal status for 12 million undocumented immigrants, to the party of Mr. Trump and Mr. King, some party leaders fear for the future in a nation where Hispanic voters are a rapidly growing electorate.
Judge Paul A. Engelmayer ordered the transcript and other records of Mr. Hernandez’s guilty plea temporarily sealed after a prosecutor cited several pending arrests and “safety concerns” with respect to Mr. Hernandez and his family.
“We agree with the court’s decision that the grand jury was not given a fair picture of the evidence relating to this tragic accident,” Justin Johnston, a lawyer for Mr. Schooley, said.
Consider the following scenes from the N.B.A.’s annual bacchanal/business convention known as All-Star weekend: Spike Lee standing on a street corner waiting for the crosswalk signal.
On “The View,” rather than disavowing Farrakhan, Mallory said only, “I don’t agree with many of Minister Farrakhan’s statements.” Following that interview, the Democratic National Committee, which had been listed as a partner of the 2019 march, appeared to pull out.
And so is my entire generation.
“I saw many people looking afraid, miserable and even suffering hunger.
“I pretty much demolished it,” she said.
The Eaton can feel a bit like a mission statement that just happens to let you sleep there.
Our executive producer is Gretta Cohn.
Anticipating a formal printed questionnaire, Jessica is disconcerted to be bombarded with highly personal questions.
His father is a senior manager of digital marketing strategy at Acura in Torrance, Calif.
If the conversation is on the record, then we can quote the source and use his or her name.
My ship was small enough that it did not have a brig (basically a small jail) aboard.
Mr. Skaggs noted that Congress is now debating a proposal to eliminate loopholes allowing some purchases without a background check.
Want to know why you fall facefirst into the ocean every time you go surfing?
She would have been a completely different person.
“I think from what I’ve saved up, I can last six months,” said Robert Reynolds, an aviation safety inspector who has been working for the Federal Aviation Administration for 14 years.
Contrast that with the last time economic growth approached 3 percent, back in 2015.
Andrew M. Cuomo announced that the L train was not completely shutting down for repairs after all.
I just want the best possible experience.”
Experts estimate that the group still has 20,000 to 30,000 fighters remaining in Iraq and Syria, and it has continued to carry out deadly attacks in recent weeks.
“The impatience of the internet — ‘give it to us immediately’ — drives so much, it’s hard to sort something like this out.” BuzzFeed’s business model is built on that immediacy.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
Justice Elena Kagan, writing for the dissenters, said the majority was “profoundly wrong.” Under Alabama’s policy, she wrote, “a Christian prisoner may have a minister of his own faith accompany him into the execution chamber to say his last rites.” “But if an inmate practices a different religion — whether Islam, Judaism or any other — he may not die with a minister of his own faith by his side,” Justice Kagan wrote.
He took Vicodin to deal with the pain of his football injuries.
In an address to the nation on Monday after Mr. Khalilzad had briefed him, President Ashraf Ghani expressed concern that a peace deal would be rushed.
Eric Trump, who runs the business with his brother Donald Trump Jr., said in a statement on Thursday: “We live in a climate where everything will be used against us, whether by the fake news or by Democrats who are only interested in presidential harassment and wasting everyone’s time, barraging us with nonsense letters.” The details: An ethics code that President Trump was encouraged to adopt has prevented the company from doing new business abroad while he’s in office.
“Monoprice also has a habit of quietly swapping out commodity accessories like cables with newer models.
And for both leaders, it is a moment of critical choices.
Something about “Perform better than” made me think that this entry would begin with OUT — as in, outperform — so I risked it and popped in those two letters (U and T).
Unlike previous generations, they are expected to foot the bill for an expensive education.
— Rachel Widjaja, Masterman, Philadelphia … A family is the people who you can always turn to when you feel like there is nobody left in the world.
Other medical schools have taken steps recently to decrease their students’ financial burden.
— Gabriela Ferullo, Danvers, Mass.
Mr. Danesh-Pajou explained that one result of the cuts is that it would be harder for all but the most privileged students to participate in the band, because the band has typically covered meals on the road and various other expenses.
Ms. Levin is a daughter of Larissa V. Levin and Leonid A. Levin of Newton, Mass.
Afterward, Mr. Trump took his interpreter’s notes and instructed the interpreter not to brief anyone.
Ransom went to bizarre lengths in recent years to gain special access to the Brooklyn criminal courthouse.
Rushing is still a big part of the college game, but its influence wanes a little more every year, especially in closer games.
I still want to see it for myself.
“This happens because all the building work is poorly done, so when the rain comes it knocks it all down.” As she watched her street become a river rapid, Ms. Smith said she spent the night scared to death.
“Having 17 nominations is terrific — obviously — but I’m mostly excited by how much the films are figuring into cultural conversations that feel really vital,” Mr. Linde said.
So a short-term win for the president could become a long-term loss for the presidency.”
One 14-year-old was pregnant when the fire ripped through the classroom, though she didn’t know it at the time.
He became eligible for the winners-only field at Kapalua last week by winning at another beach resort — Mayakoba — last year, opening with rounds of 64-64, the kind of hot start he has had at Waialae.
How refreshing that Kochai isn’t posturing for the West, though he knows just how to entrance its reader.
Why doesn’t Joan sleep with anyone else?
An agent working on an MS-13 investigation that has gone on for more than three years and resulted in 23 gang indictments for racketeering, murder and money laundering has been hamstrung by his inability to pay for an interpreter who can communicate with his Spanish-speaking informants, the report said.
Mr. Trump claimed it was because of a bone spur, but when I asked for medical records, he gave me none and said there was no surgery.
All these models are “traditional” in the sense they were forged in societies more sexist and patriarchal than ours.
Ginger Rogers assumed the title role when Ms. Channing left to take the show on the road in the summer of 1965, and Pearl Bailey, Ethel Merman and other marquee names later played it as well.
But the root of Blank’s confidence is the league’s longstanding strategy.
He lost a hand at one point in an explosion and thereafter was known by the nickname “Mocho,” slang in Colombia for someone who is missing a hand or arm.
We know that, our clubs know that, our officials know that.” Late in the fourth quarter in a tied N.F.C.
Now, that feels like a pretty racist thing to say — which makes it even more surprising that Trump isn’t following this.
In other words, Tolstoy wasn’t riling up in me a voice that mirrored Anna’s.
It would have turned out far too watery,” Mr. Donaldson said.
“We have hundreds of millions of dollars invested in our casinos,” says Dan Kehl, the chief executive of Elite Casino Resorts, whose family has been in the gambling business in Iowa since 1990.
These sorts of criticisms were common in the 2016 campaign, not only against Mrs. Clinton but also against Carly Fiorina, who ran in the Republican primary.
It’s easy to tell by the label when milk, eggs or nuts are in a product, but after that, it’s harder.
The officials described a far-reaching effort, created under President George W. Bush, to slip faulty parts and materials into Iran’s aerospace supply chains.
Actors had tied only once before in Oscar history, when Wallace Beery (“The Champ”) and Fredric March (“Dr.
These interactive events are based on the understanding that, at this age, a child craves nothing more than to be in control, which is why little audience members get to mess with the music almost from the moment they enter the building.
Now, let’s not forget that a good life in food is also a good life in a great many other things as well.
The work is never about me.
Their market share is sizable: Just over a million tourists visited Nepal last year.
Do you have enough restrooms for our guests?
Entre la segunda y la tercera, se hizo una perforación en la nariz.
The company’s announcement added to concerns about the ability of U.S. tech giants to navigate an increasingly uncertain economy and a continuing trade war with China.
I need to emphasize that my argument is for just one specific form of affirmative action: giving special consideration at elite schools to black applicants who have a high probability of success in college but, like many other applicants, don’t quite come to the top of the list.
I want to see the laws of this country protect these people as well.
In fact, it typically took several months for whatever good or bad news was embedded in the reports to be widely understood — and to move the stock market.
Mom and Dad had come to school to tell me Robin wasn’t coming home, not then or ever.” But for other times of his life that might have mattered, he and Herskowitz, who left the project early, and Hughes, who did most of the writing, leave the reader disappointed.
That’s politics.” Stone started his career as a political operative at a young age.
Mr. Kushner’s trip invariably became fodder on the campaign trail as Naftali Bennett, a leader of a party to the right of Mr. Netanyahu, suggested that the prime minister would cut a deal with Mr. Trump creating a Palestinian state and dividing Jerusalem after the election.
Outrage built as news of the assault spread through what was then called the Negro press, attuned to anger over the 900,000 black veterans who had fought for democracy abroad and were now demanding it at home.
But technological capabilities have improved from a production standpoint, Mr. Croucher said, leading to more options on the market.
Above, a fresh catch at the port of Sakaiminato, Japan.
Last week, “Thank U, Next” (Republic) became Grande’s second No.
In the meantime, here’s her short story “Mr.
He doesn’t dedicate any significant time to discussing the phone’s internet connectivity features until more than 30 minutes into the address.
You’ve besmirched my good name!’?
“Los asesores de imagen no tienen nada de malo, simplemente son muy costosos”, explicó.
It’s as simple as that.” Mr. de Blasio said he did not see any parallels between the way that the governors association and the mayor’s office handled the sexual harassment cases involving Mr. O’Brien.
The United States attorney’s office in Manhattan declined to comment.
“They accomplished what they wanted to,” David Axelrod, the former senior adviser to President Barack Obama, said of the Republicans on the committee.
Mr. Dag said relatives had told him that 15 people had been buried in the collapse, which happened at 4:42 p.m. local time.
She said he felt that taking it to the school authorities would not get the same results as making the video public to students.
When I lived in the United States, Amazon Prime was practically a way of life.
“Our biggest insight came from observing housing court proceedings,” he said.
And Trump, despite his campaign posturing, has turned out to be no different.
Finally, tell us more about what you think: The first section of this article explains why the Trump administration views China and Huawei as cybersecurity threats to the United States.
And the man in the sketch — thinly built, in his 30s or 40s, wearing a black hooded sweatshirt, driving a red pickup — became the focal point of what appeared to be a racially motivated shooting that rattled black residents, elected officials and civil-rights activists in Houston and around the country.
“We hope that this highlights the importance of accounting for the fact that climate change is driving shifts in productivity,” Dr. Free said of his research.
Somehow there is harmony between hand-wrought Mediterranean flourishes, Chinese influences and fusty English armoires, between post-Impressionist-inspired pottery from the Omega Workshops (the studio started by the English art critic and painter Roger Fry) and the yellowing edges of first editions packed in a neo-Classical bookcase.
Their conversation was amiable, a little punchy.
All nine people were taken to hospitals and expected to survive.
He has a clutch gene.” Brady, meanwhile, focused elsewhere.
“The World Bank is a leading environmental incorporator into projects,” he said.
In Florida, Governor Ron DeSantis recently proposed importing Canadian drugs to his state to save money.
After Friday’s ruling, Mr. Chau, a billionaire property developer who immigrated to Australia decades ago and has faced previous accusations of using his money to meddle in the country’s politics on behalf of China, said he would continue to donate to “worthy causes as I have always done.” “I make no apology for my philanthropy, and consider it a duty to give back after the good fortune I have experienced with my business,” he said in a statement.
But supporters of the seminary said that Mr. Erdogan should not demand Greek action in return for reopening it.
— Julie Goodwin, Tucson Colin Kaepernick, because we need to shine a spotlight on racial inequality in America.
“Lamar is so fast, we wanted our fastest guys defending him, even if it meant smaller guys,” Lynn said.
Our director of fashion coverage, Vanessa Friedman, called Mr. Lagerfeld the most prolific designer of the 20th and 21st centuries.
“It’s just called a memorandum of understanding,” he said.
“We are all aware that international students can be a valuable asset to our country,” Matthew Schneider, the United States attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan, said in a news release.
She sneaks out of all of the boxes that people want to trap her in: the comedy writer, the sex writer, the feminist writer.
“Vine a Paraguay porque era mi única opción”, dijo.
But the steady migration of commerce and culture to the internet has given rise to a new flood of litigation, over the accessibility of websites to the visually impaired.
“It’s been an honor to work with them.” The Forward was co-founded by the Belarus-born writer Abraham Cahan, who served as its editor for 43 years.
Businesspeople are furious that the Small Business Administration isn’t making loans — but libertarians want to see the whole agency abolished.
Yet there are some judges in Saudi Arabia who have not submitted to the total control the monarchy seeks.
The men’s basketball tournament yields about $1 billion a year for the television rights.
1 overall pick, Orlando seems as good of a place as any to get started.
• His approval rating is at an all-time low: 36 percent in a CBS News poll, 40 percent in a Politico/Morning Consult poll and 34 percent in an Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll.
“If you look at their propaganda this is a very self-evidently determined policy,” he said.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
Renault, for its part, accused Mr. Ghosn of favoring the Japanese and Nissan, and blocking the French manufacturer’s expansion into China, the world’s largest car market, to help Nissan.
By the time May made “A New Leaf,” she had already established her place in American cultural history as one half of the comedy team with another future filmmaker, Mike Nichols.
If you’re worried about getting a restful night’s sleep, the all-natural, roll-on sleep aid Sleep Well, by Saje Natural Wellness, might help.
Before I embark on “The Guermantes Way” (Volume 3 of “In Search of Lost Time”), which will preclude me from reading anything else for four or five months, I have these books lined up: “The Charterhouse of Parma,” by Stendhal; “Upstream,” by Mary Oliver; “The Mighty Franks,” by Michael Frank; “South and West,” by Joan Didion.
“It is clear to me that he can no longer effectively serve the people of Virginia as lieutenant governor.” The Virginia Legislative Black Caucus, a powerful bloc within the General Assembly, said on Friday night that it was “best” for Mr. Fairfax to resign.
Health clinics have long been barred from using Title X money, or any federal funds, to pay for abortions, but they have been able to provide abortions and other family planning services under one roof.
I am a 71-year-old white man who has never experienced discrimination.
According to a 2018 study by the University of California, Los Angeles, the top-grossing global films increasingly have casts that, while majority white, are increasingly diverse.
It may be true that, as Karl Ove Knausgaard put it in one of his “My Struggle” novels, “What’s done is dung and cannot be undung.”
FIFA tried the toss of a coin and had rejected a brighter idea from the now defunct North American Soccer League.
In one video posted on Twitter, Mr. Hunt appears to be performing the song “Another Day” on stage, in a wheelchair, while a video of him performing without injury is playing on a television screen nearby.
You could skip the flowers altogether, or look for responsibly grown blooms.
كان النجار يع٠ل في إسرائيل ل٠دة شهور ٠تواصلة يشتري خلالها قطع الأثاث والأجهزة الكهربائية ويبيعها في غزة بأربعة أضعاف ث٠نها.
— Anatoly Kurmanaev, Ana Vanessa Herrero and Nicholas Casey
With most Americans blaming him for the standoff, Mr. Trump expressed frustration that he has not gotten credit for what he sees as his accomplishments, including deregulation, increased military spending and nuclear talks with North Korea.
Top aides lost faith in their African-American outreach organizers, whose leadership was replaced and whose team members were scattered across the country.
“SportsCenter,” even with six editions each weekday, can no longer dangle the carrot of providing clips unavailable anywhere else.
It was Pakistan that helped create the Taliban in the early 1990s and has supported them ever since.
Millions of Venezuelans have left the country in recent years, creating a regional refugee crisis.
Two decades after Dondi’s death, street art is commonplace, if not tame, attracting muralists who never did traditional graffiti, much less paint in a train yard.
MEXICO CITY — President Trump’s State of the Union speech hit hard on a topic that has dominated his term in office: defending the border with Mexico against what he described as migrants in “large organized caravans.” He also suggested that the Mexican authorities were encouraging the migrants to cross the border illegally.
He was seated next to a girl who was about 12.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
This is followed by months of more-or-less constant feeding: strips of fish, possum bits, duck chunks.
Water and chemicals are used to dye and finish cotton clothes, and polyesters and nylons aren’t biodegradable.
He added, “She was sitting at the blast site, and no one knows her.” In the huge gunfight before noon Saturday, according to the military, troops under the Fifth Scout Ranger Battalion engaged about 100 Abu Sayyaf fighters under Hatib Hajan Sawadjaan in Patikul.
Cuando se le preguntó al respecto, la Casa Blanca dijo que “todas las opciones son posibles”.
OHIO COLO. N.C. CALIF. TENN. San Francisco TEXAS Houston Additional (or fewer) equivalent months of learning: OVERALL LEARNING N.C. +4 MONTHS Calif. +3 READING Mass.
In Opinion: Our columnist David Leonhardt builds a detailed argument that Mr. Trump is demonstrably unfit for office and “must go,” but that a rushed impeachment could actually help him remain in office.
Last year Cisco purchased Duo for $2.35 billion, indicating just how valuable and ubiquitous this technology has become.
La industria de la decoloración de la piel no solo es impulsada por la demanda de los países africanos, sino también por naciones como India, China, Corea del Sur y muchas naciones caribeñas.
Sept. 6, 2018 The academy’s 54-member board votes to table the new award, at least for this year’s ceremony, recognizing “the need for further discussion with our members,” according to a statement from Dawn Hudson, the academy’s chief executive.
[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]
Mr. Joko and Mr. Prabowo are scheduled to meet for their second debate on Feb. 17, and the agenda will focus on natural resources, infrastructure and the environment.
They had to value education.
The collection will be a series on HBO.
También se admira y quiere a Cuba por su programa de asistencia médica internacional, por su música, su danza y por sus logros en el arte y el deporte.
It offered a slightly less enthusiastic endorsement for the drug negotiation program (which is less certain to help their budgets), calling it a “welcome” development.
Such compositional finesse is impressive.
But there have been too many instances of United States meddling in Latin America for the worst reasons, and with the worst outcomes, for there to be any enthusiasm for American interference.
An enraged Mr. Corbyn retorted that over the previous two years she had closed down every attempt at dialogue, and her only priority had been the Conservative Party.
Through a German publisher, he resuscitated his defunct magazine Film Culture for a book-length issue devoted to Barbara Rubin, an extraordinary character who blew into New York and Mr. Mekas’s life in 1963 as a fearless teenager, and wound up connecting Bob Dylan to Allen Ginsberg and Andy Warhol to the Velvet Underground.
Hours after the hearing, the Vatican said that it would conduct its own investigation of the cardinal, who had been a top adviser to Pope Francis, and that he no longer held a powerful Vatican post.
“But at least he’s his own man.” When their young daughter, Suzie, tells him he has to choose, he just says: “I did pick someone.” End of conversation.
You can do it.” Her bred-in-the-bone positivity has left its mark on her son.
“Nobody touched us, even when we were adding customers,” its founder, Chet Kanojia, said in an interview.
And that’s why I so appreciate Roberts’s quiet pushback so much.
No era un mercado navideño común y corriente, sino uno organizado por Generación Identitaria, un movimiento de jóvenes pertenecientes a la extrema derecha y que actualmente son vigilados por varios servicios de inteligencia europeos.
“I believe it’s more noticeable,” he said.
On the other, it represents how a Communist regime can emerge from international isolation and build a thriving economy.
Mr. Manafort’s lawyers wrote that he did not lie to the prosecutors about the payment, he simply “had difficulty remembering the details of what occurred.” A lawyer for Laurence Gay, who was once the managing director of the PAC, Rebuilding America Now, said in a statement that the money came from a different set of funds.
He is also fiercely disciplined, and so is this year’s Kumbh.
path forces you into this binary outcome of acquisition or I.P.O., or pretty much bust,” Mr. Gascoigne said.
Ricola.com teaches that elderflower grows on the forest edge.
Small, young firms tend to get more and better loans when fewer banks are present, perhaps because less competition means a higher likelihood of retaining a firm’s business as it grows.
Before then, the post of hangman passed from father to son.
In January, she had been moved from the post of justice minister to minister of veteran’s affairs, a switch widely seen as a demotion.
policies or decisions — that’s up to Secretary Wilkie and President Trump.
When her parents and mine got called in to a meeting with our teacher, they laughed about it.
Mr. Neeson, who was nominated for an Academy Award for his role in “Schindler’s List,” has starred in a series of high-profile Hollywood movies, including “Les Misérables,” “Love Actually,” “Michael Collins,” “Gangs of New York” and “Star Wars: Episode I.” In addition to “Cold Pursuit,” which tells the story of a man who commits a series of revenge killings after the death of his son, he has also appeared as a vengeful father in the “Taken” series, best known for his vow to use “a particular set of skills” on his daughter’s kidnapper.
Nothing says “I love you” like (x²+((1+b)y)²+z²-1)³-x²z³-ay²z³=0.
The extreme exercisers turned out to have less risk of dying prematurely than men with the same — or higher — calcium scores who rarely worked out.
At about the same time, Ms. Bentz went to Colorado to work at a ski resort.
You prepare and prepare for things.
He is a con man.
Una caravana es una agrupación de personas que viaja a través de una región hostil.
Después de que que lograra escapar dos veces de cárceles de máxima seguridad, el gobierno mexicano reconoció que sus instituciones no tenían el poder suficiente para retenerlo y lo extraditaron a su vecino del norte.
“You can never eliminate the risk entirely,” he said.
We’ll recommend some generally safe ones, but if you’re not buying from the brands below, always check the reviews.
“Has asesinado a cientos de jóvenes en las calles por reclamar los derechos que les robaste.
Ms. Romero followed her mother’s advice to focus on her studies and extracurricular activities.
The single-rider Poma lift that long served the primary training hill has been replaced by a higher-speed T-bar that can accommodate two skiers at a time and increase the number of repetitions athletes can pack into a morning session.
“We want to live life to the fullest,” said one rider, whose bike computer displayed 35 km/h, or 22 miles per hour.
Dr. Ruppert advised caution for all residents of Rockland County, particularly for parents of young infants and others who are not immunized, because just about everyone in the county shops at the same malls and box stores.
Try Rainbow and Forever 21.
Mr. Azar said that new infections were “highly concentrated among men who have sex with men; minorities, especially African-Americans and American Indians and Alaska Natives; and those who live in the Southern United States.” The South accounted for 52 percent of new H.I.V.
“And I’m drunk, by the way.” Gilbert softly interjected, “She means then, not today.” Perry said, “I might be a little drunk right now,” adding, “I’m high because I got to see Keanu, my man crush.” When Perry left the room, Gilbert deadpanned, “We’re so much alike, right?” Gilbert was raised in Encino by a showbiz family — her grandfather Harry Crane helped create “The Honeymooners” and the actress Melissa Gilbert is her sister — and as a child she acted in TV movies and commercials.
Mr. Abrams had criticized Mr. Trump during the 2016 presidential campaign.
Invented in the 1830s by stage performers who didn’t like black people, blackface, Mr. Northam taught us, was reinvented in the 1980s by Virginia medical students who also didn’t like black people.
But he doesn’t see it that way.
The charges were subsequently dropped, and he has returned to Cannes; in 2018, he received a standing ovation when he presented his film, “The House that Jack Built.” The fracas overshadowed and soured the reception to “Melancholia,” he said, although the film did receive the Best Film prize at the European Film Awards.
Mr. Haagensen, who has been fascinated by “Lolita, My Love” since he first read of the project as a high school senior in 1970, worked diligently to create a new book that continued Lerner’s work.
When Mr. Solomon joined the campaign in late 2015, he was told his job would include networking with black voters and planning events in black communities.
Their actions “strangulated the production of the Monday edition of the paper,” Mr. Dan-Ali said.
I started — And that exists, in some — I think it will.
For prosecutors to gain a conviction, they need to show only an attempt to influence testimony, not that the witness was actually deterred from speaking, said Chuck Rosenberg, a former senior Justice Department and F.B.I.
Mr. Nordstrom revealed last month that he had recently learned that he had lymphoma, but that his doctors had told him that it was treatable and that he would continue to work during chemotherapy.
“We certainly weren’t making any money those first years, but it had the appearance that it did,” Silk said.
“We want the implementation of laws to protect our children.” Public hygiene in Karachi is also undermined by an overstressed infrastructure.
That pleases the Italian populists, who want to turn the elections into a Europe-wide revolt against the European establishment.
The proposals are instead efforts to undo some of the extreme economic changes of recent decades and to ensure that most Americans workers — not just a narrow elite — fully benefit from economic growth.
“I think he saw an opportunity when the state was changing for him to become a more active participant,” said Scott Miller, 39, who is Mr. Gill’s husband and with him, the co-chair of the Gill Foundation.
• Colombia anunció que prohibirá el ingreso al país de más de doscientos colaboradores del presidente de Venezuela, Nicolás Maduro, en busca de aumentar la presión diplomática sobre el gobierno de la nación petrolera.
En 2014, Kondos Field fue diagnosticada con cáncer de mama.
“Es uno de los más grandes exploradores polares de la actualidad”, comentó O’Brady en una entrevista otorgada tan solo días después de haber regresado a Punta Arenas, Chile, el punto de partida desde donde ambos salieron hacia la barrera de hielo Filchner-Ronne.
If you sprain your ankle or catch a cold, you’ll need to know where to get supplies.
100 percent.” It’s gone from — “They don’t know it yet, but they’re paying for it.” To — “It may be through reimbursement, but one way or the other Mexico will pay for the wall.” And — “The border wall would very quickly pay for itself.” And finally, what will Trump’s wall look like?
In hindsight, Mr. Reyes wonders whether that was because management knew that he would not be welcome back after the winter hiatus.
A few days later, Samsung issued a software update that it described as a security patch for biometrics.
Neither of us wanted children, until we both did.
Mr. Moonves has yet to give an extensive on-the-record interview on the accusations made against him.
There was some bad news on Monday for Mrs. May with the resignation from her government of Gareth Johnson, an assistant whip, so that he would be free to vote against her Brexit plan.
Trust me, you’ll feel a lot better.
Mr. Azar “may either collect the data necessary to set payment rates based on acquisition costs, or he may raise his disagreement with Congress,” but he may not circumvent the mandate of Congress, said Judge Contreras, who was appointed by President Barack Obama.
“We can’t hire enough attorneys.” One reason for the uptick in litigation, Mr. Geida said, is that blended families often divide into factions that are rife with conflicting interests.
“When the cut got infected, we both worried,” Judy Willig said.
Berkeley and has reported all over the state, including the Bay Area, Bakersfield and Los Angeles — but she always wants to see more.
“It’s a part of Germany that people gave up on,” Mr. Bohm said, his voice cracking with emotion.
And it’s a way for people like myself to both honor the lives that we have here and the lives our parents left behind in Mexico.
Dr. Glauber’s marriage to Cynthia Rich in 1960 ended in divorce in 1975.
leaders after conservatives voiced opposition.
“We’re giving seniors peace of mind that they will not have to face unlimited expenses for their medicine,” Mr. Bush said then.
Not just the usual love letters, family photographs and cherished recipe cards but also random items that almost no one else bothers to save.
California has also tried to address the issue before.
Born in the seaside town of Maiquetía, Venezuela, in 1920, Hurtado migrated to New York at age 8.
So we have the automotive industry as a model for how to produce things in large quantities for low cost.” The two men have already sought advice from Audi.
That suggests she might plan to leave things very late indeed.
Los documentales de Ruiz están respaldados por el trabajo de reporteo que requiere contar estas historias; a él no le interesa mucho generar adrenalina momentánea.
Before I knew the literal meaning of savasana, I used to send my mind on anxiety hunts.
When Mr. Mico sings “My Way,” he does so in a thick Italian accent, but the last word of the phrase “I chewed it and spit it out,” is pronounced with a deeply Australian inflection: “aaowt.” On the right night, with enough of Grandpa’s wine and Mr. Mico in the midst of a particularly rousing rendition of “That’s Amore,” the Olive Jar is my favorite restaurant in this city, this country or maybe the world.
This was some way to begin the post-Vonn era.
Because their cause is hate.
history contains some of the most striking dynamic contrasts pop music’s ever seen.” The war never really ended, but it has evolved.
In 2017, he and Federer staged the most recent of their epic major tournament duels, with Federer winning in five sets.
The new rules would tighten enforcement and increase punishment for violations.
The “longlist” of contenders for the 2019 prize were announced this week.
She became a trial lawyer for the Legal Services Corporation and, after holding several other posts, was named assistant attorney general for legislative affairs by President Jimmy Carter, who later nominated her to the appeals court.
When Isaac was 9 months old, Mr. Guevara traveled to El Salvador to meet his son, holding his hands as the child took his first toddling steps along the beach.
Hurts came in for a struggling and injured Tagovailoa and led Alabama to a come-from-behind victory.
If “Green Book” wins, and you’ve got a movie like “BlacKkKlansman” nominated for best picture, what on earth is that telling you about where the academy is as a body and what its priorities are in terms of whose point of view matters to the most people?
In some ways, it has never fully grown up.
It made no sense politically, let alone commercially, for the Russian Federation to continue this form of aid-as-trade with North Korea.
Additional videos posted online — and obtained by The Times — help show what happened.
—En su opinión, ¿cuál debería ser la política con los responsables de la represión, de las torturas y las desapariciones?
“The job of a composer is to be really sensitive, is to interpret the emotion of things, musically,” she said.
Our Cassandra is Mildred Groves, a woman in her early 20s who is aggravated by a dull life of caring for her irritable, controlling mother and exasperating people with her visions of maudlin future events.
In a statement issued Thursday, Scripps College in California, where Dr. Tyson is a professor of politics, confirmed that Dr. Tyson “shared with several members of the Scripps community the details about a 2004 sexual assault,” and that those conversations “are consistent” with her written account.
Numerous prefects — who are in charge of local French departments — have backed the government’s hard-line approach.
Mr. Saikawa told Les Échos that Nissan’s internal investigation into possible financial misconduct by Mr. Ghosn and his close associate, Greg Kelly, a board member, “suggests that we are dealing with deliberate manipulation and concealment.” A lawyer for Mr. Kelly, a former human resources executive and close confidant of Mr. Ghosn, has said Mr. Nada lured the executive to Tokyo in November so that prosecutors could arrest him with his boss.
Ms. Balakumar is the designer of the collection, which is made in Brooklyn, though the beadwork is done in India.
It has been one of the most pressing unanswered questions in public health: Do e-cigarettes actually help smokers quit?
“The crime.” “Drugs.” “American jobs.” While there is little evidence these problems are caused by unauthorized immigration or that any of this will be helped by a wall, he has remained steadfast.
If he goes, the world will rejoice.
The last widow who received the medical and health benefits died in 2009.
Only when the scientists stirred parental oral fluids into the mix did the young beetles thrive.
Several days later it reported on 40 Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky government employees protesting outside a local I.R.S.
Representatives for the Yankees, who believed Severino was worth $4.4 million, were also present.
They will agree with you, I promise.
And after interviewing 870 people, ranging in age from 18 to 82, they discovered that sexting is “more common than generally thought,” as the American Psychological Association primly observed.
Mr. Jarman played various saxophones in a style both earthy and imploring, with strong projection, impressive breath control and an abundance of extended techniques.
Get weekly updates from our Travel Dispatch newsletter, with tips on traveling smarter, destination coverage and photos from all over the world.
Sudáfrica es un país de ranchos, granjas, reservas y parques nacionales, muchos de ellos están rodeados por kilómetros de cercados eléctricos.
WEDNESDAY PUZZLE — I’ve either got the midweek malaise or a virus, so I’m going to offer you just the basics today.
Since then, some Aidas have added the note, but it remains unusual enough that I hadn’t heard it in person until Monday; for that, I thank Ms. Lewis, even if her clean, brief E flat was far from a resonant, Callas-style spear.
In 2014, for example, a report about Pakistan’s relationship to Al Qaeda was deleted from thousands of print copies of the International New York Times in Pakistan — resulting in a blank spot on the front page — “without our knowledge or agreement,” a representative of The Times said at the time.
In an unpublished memorandum to his colleagues, Justice Antonin Scalia rebuffed a challenge to capital punishment, despite acknowledging that “the unconscious operation of irrational sympathies and antipathies, including racial, upon jury decisions and (hence) prosecutorial decisions is real” and “ineradicable.” The other camp is more demanding, recognizing the need for exacting scrutiny when it comes to assessing the validity of the most extreme form of governmental power: imposition of capital punishment.
The upper level overlooks the main floor.
The audit said many Americans’ feelings about the process could be boiled down to two words: “extreme frustration.” The audit found that a policy change made by the Trump administration intended to simplify the tax-filing process — the creation of a “postcard size” 1040 form — has made filing more difficult because the new form does not include much of the information that many taxpayers need to complete their returns.
The clicks that pass for consent are uninformed, non-negotiated and offered in exchange for services that are often necessary for civic life.
(Protestants preferred Londonderry, the official name, and Catholics favored Derry, as it is more widely known.)
Perhaps Aipac will use its gathering to let Mr. Netanyahu know that his pact with the Kahanists is unacceptable.
— Which celebrity apology in the article do you think was the best?
Chisholm said that she understood that there was an expectation for congressional newcomers “to be seen and not heard,” but that she had “no intention of being quiet” — a motto that seems to have been proudly adopted by Congress’s newest Democratic leaders.
“But I have no doubt he would have preferred the Australian Open fifth-set tiebreaker to what Wimbledon is doing.
Often tween boys and girls are isolated into separate spheres, portrayed as alien to each other and to adults.
Sin embargo, cuando se anunció el veredicto a las 12:31 del martes, muchos sintieron tristeza, orgullo y alivio por el final de las maratónicas sesiones en la Corte de Distrito Federal en Brooklyn.
“But there’s a lot of what I did as a prosecutor that I’m proud of.” A Quinnipiac University poll in mid-December illustrated Ms. Harris’s potential, finding her with a favorable rating among Democrats but with the majority of respondents still wanting “to hear more.” About 40 percent of Democrats had a favorable opinion of her, compared with just 4 percent who viewed her unfavorably.
“Eventually, people will be able to open their doors with their smartphones,” said Toby Gingold, Oskar’s leasing manager.
“They will want to give once and they will only want to give when it is clear that it is going to solve the problem, and none of those three conditions are so far satisfied.” Certainly there was little sign of movement on Wednesday, when both Donald Tusk, president of the European Council, and Leo Varadkar, the Irish prime minister, restated their commitment to the backstop.
Its mandate is to commission and present world premieres of new and innovative works, and its artistic director and chief executive, Alex Poots, arrives after a decade as the artistic director of the Manchester International Festival in Britain and, in recent years, of the Park Avenue Armory in New York City.
Not all the effects will show up in the jobs data, but they will make the report unusually hard to interpret.
The social internet is fueled by such images.
• Democratic lawmakers raised concerns about Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin after a decision to lift sanctions on the Russian oligarch Oleg V. Deripaska’s companies benefited a big Republican donor.
During negotiations for a new contract, members asked Chrysler to give workers representation on its board, a practice called “co-determination” that had been germinating all over Europe.
Cuando le pregunté a su hija qué mantenía saludable a su padre, dijo, en tono de broma: “Su obstinación y mal genio”.
“We have our own set of problems, including violence, and it is unfair that our lives are disrupted because of them.” Mr. Medina said he agreed with the harsher measures taken by the United States government to deter migrants, including the use of tear gas at the border, and President Trump’s resolution to build an enhanced security wall.
Landlords, not surprisingly, think it’s a bad idea.
“We rarely went out in public.
To keep alive any hope of passing her plan, Mrs. May needs to limit the size of any defeat next week, but it is not clear how she can.
And it should come as no surprise that one of my more common responsibilities was that Mr. Trump directed me to call business owners, many of whom are small businesses, that were owed money for their services, and told them that no payment or a reduced payment would be coming.
On the topic of greatness and Jesus Christ, she wanted to open with recollections of greats in other spheres.
Set on nearly 60 acres near the southern foothills of the Puig de Randa mountain, the property is surrounded by a stone wall and includes several structures made from local stone, mortar and cement: a three-bedroom villa; a guesthouse and separate casita with one bedroom each; a pool house with a spa; and a fully equipped stable house with two bedrooms.
But there is also a rising demand in the party for a more progressive standard-bearer who reflects the increasingly diverse Democratic coalition.
I thought the cluing today was challenging and offbeat, in an appealing way.
Proponents say that, to the extent those taxes fell on consumers, they would be offset by the elimination of premiums, deductibles and copays.
Focusing on just one or two of the pillars could have unintended consequences, she said; for instance, a program that subsidized child care and set quality standards could come at the expense of a living wage for providers.
The openings also come as China reached a milestone in space: the landing of a probe on the far side of the moon in January.
“But I realized in doing it that it’s a collective history.” Ms. Cennetoglu’s montage of her own video and stills from 2006 to 2018, unedited, is the centerpiece of her new exhibition at SculptureCenter in Queens.
So to get to talk about why we need the teeth or what size the teeth are and why [Jan Sewell, the hair and makeup designer] had to make my nose more aquiline — it’s those conversations that are just as helpful to me as having the physical teeth themselves.
[Like the Science Times page on Facebook.
It’s little wonder that lawmakers last year in New York, Illinois, California, Maryland and New Jersey introduced bills to ban or restrict youth tackle football.
The pattern, some critics of the president said, is simply a product of the number of investigations involving Mr. Trump, which have overshadowed his work both at home and abroad.
It’s an argument for having an all-female White House press corps.
But the New England Patriots are happy.
At the former, everything — from the meringue-topped lemon tarts to the five-grain loaves and the lip-smackingly salty olive-and-anchovy pissaladières — is completely gluten (though not guilt) free.
“The survivors who shared their stories showed admirable courage and strength.” Mr. Kelly was acquitted in 2008, but allegations of sexual misconduct have followed him for much of his career.
También puedes compartir este boletín con tus amigos, familiares, seres queridos y no tan queridos.
El descubrimiento lo llevó a crear un grupo de apoyo global para otros hijos de sacerdotes que, como él, sufren por haber nacido de un escándalo eclesiástico.
Otherwise who gets to choose what inherent traits we prefer?
“Dejemos algo en claro”, dijo Peter Saunders, británico que fue expulsado de la comisión de protección infantil del Vaticano por criticarla de ineficaz.
Our executive producer is Gretta Cohn.
Locals gather here all week long but especially on weekends, when there is live music and a farmers’ market, and when Rincon Típico, a second restaurant, offers Guatemalan cuisine prepared with an artisanal twist, such as steamed masa tamales served with farm-grown Swiss chard, avocado and black beans.
Abolishing billionaires might not sound like a practical idea, but if you think about it as a long-term goal in light of today’s deepest economic ills, it feels anything but radical.
Gregg Berhalter ushered in a new era for the United States men’s soccer team with an attacking style and a new captain.
No wall!” broke out as Ms. Torres Small spoke at the local women’s march about the need to compromise with the president on the shutdown.
QUAYTMAN: +X, CHAPTER 34’ at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum (through April 23).
The agency “relied on the memories of the employees responsible for the oversight activities to recognize recurring instances of noncompliance,” the report said.
[Si quieres recibir los mejores reportajes de The New York Times en Español en tu correo suscríbete aquí a El Times] Después de cada ronda de negociaciones, altos funcionarios europeos ofrecen una lectura privada a diplomáticos europeos séniores, los cuales la transcriben para su propio uso.
Tom Hamilton [the music director] has recently been able to do it, so they’re able to perform it live.
In Miley Cyrus and her tux (Mugler) and the yellow floral trouser suit she wore to perform with Dolly (Valentino couture).
On Thursday, the board of trustees at Michigan State University named a top university administrator, Satish Udpa, as the new interim president, to replace John Engler, after roundly condemning Mr. Engler’s comments and accepting his resignation, effective immediately.
So I reached out to the Elkhart Board of Commissioners, which runs corrections in the county.
Now she has a new cause: fighting a peace deal with the Taliban.
Everyone always says I discovered Gabriel Orozco.
[Si quieres recibir los mejores reportajes de The New York Times en Español en tu correo suscríbete aquí a El Times] HALLE, Alemania — Se escuchaban villancicos navideños y el olor del jengibre inundaba el aire decembrino.
Last year, Jerry Richardson, the former owner of the Carolina Panthers, was fined $2.75 million after an investigation confirmed claims that for years he sexually harassed employees.
Julio Borges, otro líder opositor, comentó que pediría apoyo para el uso de la fuerza en la reunión del 25 de febrero.
It was news to no one but Mr. Trump.
Littlefinger Lies Question everything that comes out of the mouth of Lord Petyr Baelish.
I think this sort of meeting can’t help the peace process at all.” But Atta Muhammad Noor, one of the Afghan politicians in the delegation in Moscow, said the participants there considered themselves to be more representative of Afghanistan than Mr. Ghani’s government.
Mr. Young has said that “November” influenced his own six-hour magnum opus, “The Well-Tuned Piano” (1964), considered an early landmark of the genre.
In reality, as his grandson Andrea Benedini said, he preferred to eat more, yet removing the detested seeds proved too time consuming.
I’ll do whatever I can to achieve that, as strange as it seems to some people.” Ms. Sunderland felt as early as age 4 that she was born into the wrong gender (she prefers feminine pronouns even in references to her childhood).
The Democrat with the most power over the banking industry, Representative Maxine Waters of California, called the merger part of a “deregulatory giveaway” by Republicans.
According to a statement from the company, the selection will ensure that “the legacy of Gabrielle Chanel and Karl Lagerfeld” can live on.
Díaz-Canel has a lot less power to dictate,” he said.
Mr. Johnson’s support suggests that if the Legislature passes such a bill, the Council would then give its approval to implement it, if necessary.
In the first movie (2010), Hiccup (voiced by Jay Baruchel), through a secret friendship with a not-so-fearsome dragon, Toothless, broke with centuries of Viking tradition to bring about a cease-fire (and cease-firebreathing) in human-dragon affairs.
Francine Andía Walker, a spokeswoman for the Florida Bar, said on Wednesday that the organization had opened its investigation after learning of the comments but could not offer further details.
I have more options than other people with major depression who are homeless, addicted or imprisoned.
Somebody who told him from the Oval Office, in an Oval Office meeting, that he would be sending him a reimbursement for hush money payments.
“Fifty percent gender parity is always something to strive for,” a VIDA board member told me when I called to ask if there were situations that gender imbalance might be justified.
She lived in Edison, N.J.
seasons of low-post warfare was best exemplified by Alonzo Mourning’s refusal to pack it in after a kidney transplant in 2003.
Her nephew George Wallace de Menocal confirmed her death.
Instead, his gentle demeanor inclined him away from scenes that focused only on the violence expected of Afghanistan and toward more mundane struggles: child laborers, poverty and the effects of climate change, as well as unexpected vignettes from a more modern Afghanistan in Mazar’s snooker parlors and barbershops.
Will I be able to watch the State of the Union then?
“I have provided the same educational tour to Executive Mansion visitors over the last few months and used a variety of artifacts and agricultural crops with the intention of illustrating a painful period of Virginia history,” Ms. Northam said in a statement.
They must give career guidance and endure (just barely) their teenager’s first dates.
This practice is appropriate in some cases — for instance, when delivering humanitarian aid.
Stan Barnes, a former Arizona state lawmaker and current Republican lobbyist in Phoenix, said the positions of Ms. Sinema on the border were nearly identical to those of her Trump-hugging opponent, Martha McSally.
Democrats insist they understand the risks.
The Knicks’ front office claims operational independence from the team owner, James L. Dolan, but can’t even call an informal news conference without tailoring the guest list to his petty grievances.
If you really want to seem in the know, order a mezzo e mezzo — prepared with half Aperol and half Campari.
Not necessarily failure that makes you feel embarrassed, but failure that makes you feel disappointed and/or hopeless.
But we’d pretend like my small hand fit whatever female we were buying it for.
Some scientists even began embracing alarmism — particularly with that United Nations report.
Ms. Zernowitski, 38, has chosen a different path.
She briefly landed back in the spotlight in 1973, when she sang the national anthem at President Richard M. Nixon’s second inaugural.
No other president since Nixon has engaged in behavior remotely like Trump’s.
While some of those photographs have since been exhibited at various museums and galleries, there are still many thousands more that, with apologies to Mr. Kerouac, have been seen before on film — but never by a wide audience.
Eso nace de gente resentida que busca ángulos de ataque y que encontró esa tontería, porque la acusación consiste en decir que, como yo me fui hace treinta años, cuando escribo un cuento situado en Buenos Aires con personajes que puedan usar términos de lunfardo, les hago hablar el lunfardo que conocí en mi época y que no tengo ni idea del que se habla aquí y ahora.
Students could read articles around a particular topic — like stress management, making friends or bouncing back from failure — then gather tips from the pieces, along with their own strategies, into a list they can use as a personal resource.
(Reuters) • France is calling for an overhaul of E.U.
Personally, I entirely forgot that the actresses are old enough to purchase their own beer.
Are you making a resolution to get stronger in the new year?
A coat closet and full bathroom are off the dining area; the eat-in kitchen beyond has granite counters, a desk area and a pot rack hanging over a central island.
Van Hauen era gerente creativa en una empresa de bolsos de cuero y D’Souza era la dirigente de una empresa emergente social que fabricaba y distribuía copas menstruales.
“We continue to support strong national leadership in addressing PFAS and firmly believe that E.P.A.
“We were all fired on Valentine’s Day,” an editor at Vanity Fair was overheard saying.
“We were caught in the story of Christianity that was centuries and centuries and centuries old, regardless of the fact we could say with a lot of confidence that the story was not entirely true — even its most important and sacred beliefs,” she added.
In the last two weeks, The New York Times and Politico have published reports with accounts of harassment and discrimination from former workers in Mr. Sanders’s 2016 campaign.
Yet I also understand that seeing the Benin Bronzes [over 1,000 plaques and sculptures looted nearly two centuries ago from the Kingdom of Benin, now southern Nigeria] in the British Museum is even less natural than seeing them in an African museum.
In a mall in Osaka, Japan, three boys beat a humanoid robot with all their strength.
He said he was owed about $2,500 in expenses.
“The agency is so underfunded that the chance an individual gets audited is minuscule,” Andrew writes.
#EmilianoSalas #NoDejenDeBuscarAEmilianoSala The single-engine, propeller-driven aircraft disappeared over the English Channel after departing Nantes, a city in western France, at 8:15 p.m. local time on Jan. 21, headed for Cardiff, the capital of Wales.
I actually knew this, but I didn’t think of him as a poster child for BRITPOP (even though he is, as I learned once I consulted the world); I also had always assumed that GORILLAZ was a hipster misspelling of “guerrillas,” not anything to do with the Monkees.
I left Smith’s movie irked that it doesn’t attempt to show who McFarland was or to explain him as fully as it could.
We have a goal in 2019.
I found it on a porcelain plate in a French kitchen.” — Edward Lee, a chef and author, who recently wrote about his upbringing in New York City.
It also bodes ill for other Samsung phones, such as the Galaxy Fold, which is among the most anticipated handsets of the year.
But I also knew that I was bringing with me some dread.
Don’t see a template that suits you?
Ms. Marinello’s husband, Chris, a pilot for 20 years, said he feared that once the safety board was finally able to examine the wreckage, it would default to a finding of “pilot error” because evidence supporting other causes might have been spoiled with no one from the agency there to safeguard it.
Both Mr. Tork and Mr. Nesmith were accomplished musicians — Mr. Tork played several instruments — and Mr. Dolenz and Mr. Jones were seasoned singers.
Sounding exasperated, he said they were “very different situations” and insisted that “the full and final denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula in a verifiable manner” remained the ultimate goal.
Senator Monica R. Martinez, a Democrat who won a swing district on Long Island, said constituents had already called to voice their disappointment.
Kids know and it doesn’t really suit what we’re trying to teach them, which is professionalism.
John Oldham, the elections administrator in Fort Bend County, said four of his employees were combing through documents related to 8,035 people that his office received on Monday.
And it is not likely to be the last.
What was the motive for the double killings and the kidnapping?
Her predecessor in Washington, Mr. Zhang, had previously been responsible for sales in Mexico.
She writes: “By the end, “the broken man and the girl with a death wish” have to deal with the kind of pain they never thought they wanted to explore.
Netflix sí parece estar moviendo fronteras culturales y ha provocado diversas conversaciones nuevas en todo el mundo.
I’ve always considered myself a visual thinker.
In North Carolina, Republicans won 50 percent of the popular congressional vote, but 9 out of 12 seats, not counting one still in dispute.
Move fast and break things!
Reconstruction can be a challenging story to tell, given how it cuts against deeply held American ideas about steady moral progress.
It would require large corporations to obtain a federal charter of corporate citizenship.
Playing with stock genres — including elements of gangster noir, futuristic dystopia and cutthroat boardroom intrigue — has given Mr. Braxton the chance to explore ideas regarding cultural progress (or lack thereof).
And if they are also experiencing hypothermia, which can be deadly, their judgment could be seriously impaired.
Recent rain has alleviated the situation, and the area has even experienced its first snow of the year, but the fires continue to smolder, ready to flare again when the weather dries.
Which it must have been, unless the author has a friend at Netflix who whispered in her ear that, in the deep of winter 2019, Netflix would have a new hit reality series about decluttering.
The tension between its official teaching and unofficial practice — between the ignorance of the past and the illumination of the present — grows tauter all the time.
In 2017, “Wonder Woman,” based on DC Comics’ Amazonian warrior, was a worldwide hit for Warner Bros. Marvel has built its own fortunes on a decades-old supply of costumed adventurers that doesn’t lack for women.
But the criticism of Qatar did not go away: Year after year, news reports assailed the emirate over whether it was suitable as a host for the World Cup, over the way it had won the vote and over its treatment of migrant workers.
He was 19 and she was 16.
My round trip to the closest V.A.
Because of this pressure to always consume more, it can feel wasteful to slow down to appreciate the people in front of us, for fear of missing out on life happening elsewhere.
Estas decisiones moldean el desarrollo de tu hijo en seis dimensiones: inteligencia, inteligencia emocional, estado físico, imaginación, memoria y carisma.
Under his leadership, the country’s economy has spiraled downward, with hyperinflation reaching one million percent, and food, water and medicine supplies are running low.
Trump!” at opposing teams with more players of color.
“As it is about music, the artists will let their show do the talking.” pic.twitter.com/UCgQ53ssAN The questioning is not usually a grilling.
“Las personas piden cabello rizado o cierto color de piel, una cabeza calva y un hiyab”, dijo Jennifer Lee, quien es parte del subcomité de emojis en Unicode y colaboró en la fundación de Emojination, un esfuerzo comunitario para lograr que esos símbolos sean más inclusivos.
The court has said that the surgery was successful and that she is cancer free.
And there is this key dictum of Mr. Trump’s brand of politics: The enemy of my enemy is my friend, if only for a news cycle.
I’m also loving this beautiful clear gloss from Shiseido.
While Mr. Trump emerged from that meeting brimming with optimism and declared on Twitter that there was “no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea,” American intelligence officials have concluded that the country continues to produce nuclear fuel, weapons and missiles.
And whatever you voted for, you did not vote for failure.
Ryan has shown that whines followed by chucks are up to five times as appealing to females as whines alone.
The show iterates her talent for infusing the everyday with dramatic tension; her scenes of street life are shot through with uncertainty and possibility.
I’m inspired by the store and variety.
On Tuesday, he called the anniversary “bittersweet for me.” “I can hear his voice and I can imagine his pain and anger if he could see his beloved country today,” Mr. Cuomo said.
With more than 900,000 residents, Prince George’s is far more populous than Harford County, which has a population of around 252,000.
The most troubling — and from our point of view the most disappointing — development of the Trump era is not the president’s own election and subsequent behavior; it is the institutional corruption, weakness and self-betrayal of the Republican Party.
Blacks in the third quintile of the income distribution have less wealth (or a lower net worth) than whites in the lowest quintile.
The treatment is invasive, but effective, and is just a small part of an otherwise relaxing experience — Ciocco’s products are a wonder on the skin.
“I know it sounds difficult to say,” he added, “but this could have been even worse than what it was.”
Either man could seek to monopolize the party’s moderate constituencies: Mr. Biden through his stature as a two-term vice president, Mr. Bloomberg by spending his multibillion-dollar fortune.
About 56 percent of American households will be Prime members this year, up only slightly from 53 percent in 2018, Morgan Stanley estimated.
• Diálogo y liberaciones en Nicaragua.
China said the timing of his arrival was coincidental, but his presence was a reminder that the U.S. needs China’s cooperation to exert pressure on North Korea.
Ms. Garcia has also seen some dangerous applications.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
He paused for a moment, processing — then leaned back in his seat and began to play, exploring the music with an impressive dexterity.
Maduro ha negado que su gobierno tenga vínculos con Hezbolá.
“I’m not against long-term deals,” Steinbrenner said in a Yankees-produced video posted on Sunday.
Despite all of this, Mr. Trump could repeat some of these statistics, which other administration officials have cited misleadingly.
This image was at the top of the NYTimes.com home page on Jan. 3.
Others on the staff include Antony J. Blinken, who was Mr. Biden’s national security adviser, and several regional policy experts.
[Si quieres recibir las noticias y reportajes de The New York Times en Español en tu correo, suscríbete aquí a El Times] A medida que el cambio climático eleva las temperaturas de nuestro planeta, el calentamiento ha afectado con mayor rapidez a los inviernos que a los veranos.
78, or worse.” Johnson has been transparent about how difficult life has been since his father’s death.
Now, I knew Jordan while I had a table in front of the Harlem Museum.
“Since the Democrats are now the party of death and taxes,” the woman said, as Democratic supporters scoffed and grumbled, “just how do you propose to effectively represent the taxpayers of Spotsylvania?” It was Democrats like Mr. McAdams, Ms. Stevens and Ms. Spanberger who secured the party’s House majority, political moderates who won districts often long represented by Republicans.
Or with the camouflaging beards that both Eric Trump and Donald Trump Jr., and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, have sprouted.
The head of the institute’s department of linguistic and cultural evolution had decided that his team’s flagship project would be a fine-grained 10-year investigation of the “Galápagos of language evolution” that made Vanuatu a “microcosm of all those forces that have generated human diversity.” A young Irish anthropologist, Heidi Colleran, was brought on to help lead the relevant ethnographic field research; just before she left, she and her partner, a British population geneticist named Adam Powell (who also happened to be her collaborator on the project), were asked if they might try to collect spit from the groups she planned to work with, for the purposes of a proper contemporary baseline.
“They know what tomorrow will be like, if you follow all the rules and don’t go with your ass before your face,” he told me, seeming slightly wistful.
Carneros 30-Vaqueros 22 C. J. Anderson empezó la temporada en la alineación de los equipos de Carolina y de Oakland antes de llegar a Los Ángeles.
Because the federal government does not have chefs that are currently able to work, Trump spent his own money to buy fast food as a replacement.
“I have some really dumb fans and some really smart fans.
Mr. Pence, briefing reporters after Mr. Trump’s remarks, said the speech reflected a painstaking process of listening to lawmakers, including rank-and-file Democrats who made it clear they believed that protections for DACA and T.P.S.
Such test filings often contain information similar to that in the actual filings.
Young or old, artists, farmers or entrepreneurs, they tend to be frustrated, adrift and confused, at once alienated from their society and unable to break free of it.
Mr. Russo said Mr. Biden would be transparent about his finances if he ran.
Mr. Guzmán was said to have ordered the deaths of dozens of his rivals, enemies and informants, and to have armed himself with a gold-plated AK-47, a camouflage patterned M-16 and at least three diamond-encrusted pistols, one with his initials on the handle.
Senator Kamala Harris of California, the second black woman to serve in the United States Senate, announced on Monday that she would run for president in 2020.
For one thing, it would be a spoiler.
Since 2011, 15 residents of the 95824 ZIP code that surrounds Franklin Boulevard used the rebates.
After Ms. Kelly asked about possible communications between the Trump campaign and the Russian ambassador to the United States, he said, “That’s complete nonsense.
The study lasted from 1932 to 1972.
They discuss the L train.
The specifics of Duke’s deal with Nike, which the two sides have extended through 2027, are not publicly known.
And perhaps as a nod to Ms. Michaelson’s obsession with the Yuletide season — don’t get her going on her musical Christmas clock, a gift from Hallmark — they quickly planted a dozen evergreens on one of the apartment’s two terraces.
Like a list of my random anxieties.
Mr. Trump tried creative ways to persuade the Democrats that they should support his wall.
On Jan. 31, 2018, Maurizi refiled his grievance, this time with SafeSport, which gave Callaghan a provisional suspension in March 2018.
It is still unclear just how much leverage the Pakistani Army still has over the Taliban, which have diversified their base of support by establishing relations with Iran and Russia.
Paula Cantos and David Damon got engaged in June and are aiming to be married Jan. 18 in Washington.
“As Speaker, when America marked the 20th anniversary of the landmark, bipartisan Americans with Disabilities Act, it was my honor to implement changes to our institution to make it possible for our colleagues with disabilities to preside over the House,” Ms. Pelosi said, announcing her decision.
In the middle of New York City, they had been cut off from the world.
Is there another side to things?” “I’m an introvert who’s energized by work,” she said, knowing full well that this assessment would seem to contradict her dual career as a sitcom star and talk-show host.
Every few years since, Als has returned to Baldwin on the page and in art to reveal that there was not one Baldwin but Baldwins — political philosopher, international flâneur, screenwriter.
— Rachel Sweningson, Bryant, Arkansas I believe it acts more as an indicator of a larger social trend: a growing general emotional disinterest towards people as a result of increasing social connections due to technology.
Khorasan fighters have been firmly rooted in the country’s mountainous east since 2015 and their forces have steadily grown.
“This is the kind of thing I would see in Mexico not here in the United States, a country that respect laws,” said Antonio Saavedra, Ms. Saavedra’s father.
Famous (and infamous) quotes: Among the aphorisms and quips that were eventually collected in a book, “The World According to Karl”: “Sweatpants are a sign of defeat.” He could also be crude, especially about women’s appearances.
Choose one or more additional sections of the article to read: “A New Red Scare?”; “Growing Suspicions”; “The Rise of Huawei”; or “A Global Campaign.” Then, answer the following questions: — What did you learn from this section?
So many lesser shocks so quickly overwrote it.
Four black men who were accused of raping a white woman in Florida in 1949 were pardoned on Friday by Gov.
Does “losing ground” mean to fall or fly?
El fiscal encargado de ese caso declaró sobre ese cártel: “Si este no es el fin, es casi el fin.
This power move has received insufficient study.
P.S.• We’re listening to “The Daily.” Today’s episode is about what past State of the Union addresses can tell us about the future.• Here’s today’s mini crossword puzzle, and a clue: Indian city that’s home to the Taj Mahal (4 letters).
“But I wouldn’t doubt that it’s quite a lot more than that,” he said, adding that the Fish and Wildlife department will have a more concrete estimate after it completes a survey in March.
In-flight purchases on airplanes have been cash-free for a long time, and some government offices do not accept cash.
It should hire a mechanical engineer to inspect the boiler and heating system, which may need to be cleaned or serviced.
Booth A10 A full booth at the Washburn Gallery is dedicated to the painter Alice Trumbull Mason (1904-1971), with a focus on drawings and paintings from the 1940s, whose surfaces are broken into rhythmic showers of narrow shapes.
“It’s a good tuna, but I think I paid too much,” Mr. Kimura told reporters with a laugh after Saturday’s auction.
In addition to the 1958 coup, it helped to install a lion of Venezuelan democracy, Rómulo Betancourt, in the presidency in 1945 and was central to returning Hugo Chávez to office after he was displaced in a coup in 2002.
“This was a two-tiered system,” he said.
THE PUBLIC SCHOOL CRISIS On Monday, more than 30,000 public-school teachers and employees of the Los Angeles Unified School District went on strike, protesting for higher pay, smaller class sizes and more support staff for their students.
Isabelle SchoenfeldBethesda, Md.The writer is former chairwoman of the Commission on Aging in Montgomery County.
“I sang and got the applause,” she told The Post.
This brand of Tarantino-brewed, Williamsburg-aged hipster irony was tired around the time that “Things to Do in Denver When You’re Dead” came out (over 20 years ago), but Pesce does have some other tricks up his sleeve.
Polls show that some support crosses the partisan divide.
“You begin watching by feeling mildly amused, then uneasy, then annoyed, then unsettled,” Ben Brantley wrote in his review for the Times.
This is when a memory can be contaminated by talking to the authorities, a lawyer, friends or bystanders, Professor Reisberg said.
ECM’s founder and director, Manfred Eicher, will be on hand at the festival, although he has not yet announced plans to participate in any official events.
So she duped her parents into thinking she was going on a college trip, and instead bought a plane ticket to Turkey with her tuition money.
That contributed to widespread blackouts in the southern city Basra, already common during the summer, and helped ignite protests.
The news about their customer — Mr. Fairfax — wasn’t good.
Mardy Fish was named the captain of the United States Davis Cup squad on Wednesday, putting him in charge as the men’s team competition enters a new era.
MacDonald dijo que atraerá no solamente a los que ya son fanáticos del personaje o a mujeres que quieren ver el primer estreno de la protagonista, sino a quienes están obsesionados con Marvel y quieren ver cómo esta película se vincula con Vengadores: Endgame, que se estrenará el 26 de abril.
They are the ones who take care of the children and the babies who have to be separated from their mothers for this period.
Their relationship unfurls over the next 30 years, before a fatal illness strikes.
In June 2008, the same month she left the Air Force, she earned a bachelor’s degree from the University of Maryland University College, and later worked for two national security contractors.
“There is an expectation that the government will be more favorable to economic activities in the Amazon, no matter the circumstances,” Mr. Veríssimo said.
“At AOL, it took us 10 years to get to 5 million” users, he said.
Sin embargo, el 31 de enero pasado —exactamente el mismo día en que terminó el juicio a Guzmán Loera, o el Chapo, antes de las deliberaciones del jurado— los oficiales fronterizos estadounidenses en Arizona anunciaron una confiscación histórica: la carga más grande de fentanilo interceptada en todo Estados Unidos.
Jerry Brown has served as governor twice, as mayor of Oakland, as state Democratic Party chairman and as attorney general.
On the trip, I learned how high-speed broadband keeps professionals living and working in rural America, like the insurance agent I met in Rock County, Minn., who no longer has to lease a second office to digitally file paperwork.
The wall’s going to get built.” King has been a Republican member of Congress from Iowa for the past 16 years.
Llega y le manda besos a los ilustradores de la corte”, dijo Newman.
The project annoyed the United States as well as European countries like Poland, Slovakia and the Baltic states.
His head was covered with a great shock of white hair.
That a member of Section 31, in the way it has been described before, would be worried about a court-martial is laughable.
“It doesn’t matter whether you’re an ordinary Emirati citizen or a member of the royal family or an expat from a close ally like the U.K.,” said Hiba Zayadin, a researcher at Human Rights Watch.
I only wish he had been bold enough to go further.
_________ The Word of the Day and the quiz question have been provided by Vocabulary.com.
According to the Transgender Law Center, New Jersey is among a handful of states, including California and Oregon, that no longer require a court order, a doctor’s letter or other medical evidence to alter a birth certificate.
The thought running through her head that morning was, simply, “not again.” Instead, the judge offered her an alternative: a pretrial supervised release program intended to help her make future court dates without detaining her.
But it was pretty striking to see.
That could be a mere preview of how she and the Democrats will frame the case against the president, starting with the idea that he has abused his constitutional authority.
Sin embargo, ante el inminente avance del brexit, el ascenso de los gobiernos nacionalistas de derecha y los cuestionamientos de la administración de Trump a la OTAN, el proyecto común parece cada vez más lejano.
Asian communities are so hungry, they never see themselves on the big screen.
The Mexican actress, Karla Souza, told CNN en Español last year that she had been raped by a director early in her career.
Related, from my colleagues: Bret Stephens recently took progressives to task for what he calls their assault on Israel, and Michelle Goldberg writes that Omar’s tweets distract from important criticisms of Israel.
However, it estimates that $3 billion will never be recovered.
Ese éxodo previo fue una historia narrada a través de imágenes: de las personas cuando cruzaron el río Suchiate, que marca la frontera entre Guatemala y México; de masas de gente que se movían atiborradas por autopistas o que se subían a camionetas; así como de varias plazas de ciudades mexicanas que quedaron transformadas en campamentos y albergues improvisados.
Having tried running politically hot and sardonically cold, this year it wondered if warm might be just right.
If you’re in New York, you should check out “God Made My Face,” Hilton Als’s group exhibition at David Zwirner devoted to James Baldwin.
Ms. Saunders often said the show fueled a huge expansion in the cruise industry.
And Maggie is learning what comes with winning.
“We didn’t just share a past,” she added.
(Public image, and especially lyrical content, have often been used in legal proceedings involving hip-hop artists, as seen recently in the case of 6ix9ine.)
Mr. Trump might have a lot else on his mind.
Hampi, India At the height of the Vijayanagar Empire in the 16th century, Hampi thrived as one of the largest and richest cities in the world.
But in recent years, as regular forces have been stretched by intensifying fighting across the country, Afghan intelligence officers, particularly the agency’s special forces, have been forced to take on tasks they were not accustomed to.
There are a couple risks in a Warren candidacy.
What did I want from Jackson?
“They went to Katz’s and got Reubens, they went to the grocery store and tried to find cat-themed food, and then tried to make cat-shaped stuff on a plate while watching ‘Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.’” Hinge also gives away nutritious snacks like yogurt and nuts, because Mr. McLeod, 34, sees his company as the health-food version of online dating, providing more information about each potential date than rival apps where users swipe quickly though photos.
[Si quieres recibir las noticias y reportajes de The New York Times en Español en tu correo, suscríbete aquí a El Times] CARACAS — Los líderes de la oposición venezolana esperaban que la oferta de amnistía para las autoridades militares, a cambio de su apoyo político, fuera imposible de rechazar.
Dr. Caitriona Henchion, the medical director of the Irish Family Planning Association, which provides legitimate abortion services, said the main aim of the protests was to intimidate doctors.
“That means conveying the challenging bits as well as the joyous sections.” Ms. Khan, 37, saw great beauty during two separate research trips for the book.
But in Canada, it is illegal to disturb marine mammals — not to mention potentially dangerous — including touching, feeding and even getting near them.
And if it is, it’s compromised by the idea that there’s only so much that they can imagine a black person doing in the first place.
Let’s start by saying, Dr. Harris, you know you’re still under oath?
“I find art kind of off-putting and stodgy, but theirs is really friendly and engaging,” Mr. Aisner said.
He is from Iowa, and the truth is, fashion has probably never shown the Hawkeye State the respect it deserves.
The credit agency Fitch may downgrade Britain’s double-A rating over concerns about Brexit.
Mexico’s new left-wing regime will find itself increasingly isolated in the region, having to manage its multiple conflicts with the United States on its own.
What seems like a curse might also be a birthright, a special form of insight, a destiny.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
This large Greek-Mediterranean restaurant has a casual but full-service dining room on the ground floor.
Y eso es algo que no quería el creador del iPhone cuando hace más de una década presentó el aparato que revolucionó la telefonía.
Orloff named his company Rift Cabinetry for a particular cut of wood that results in a neat, narrow grain, and also for what he describes as “the unusual divide between my two professional lives.” He spends most mornings at the McCormick offices in Manhattan’s flower district, (when the agency moved, Rift was tasked with fabricating new desks and bookcases for the space).
I’d wear something more breathable.
SoftBank of Japan hired Sarah Lubman, most recently a partner at the Brunswick Group, as a partner in corporate communications.
Though only about 25 percent of the schools in the program have improved enough to require less investment and support on the four-year timeline Mr. de Blasio established, the mayor insisted that Renewal still achieved its “core mission.” “We never said from day one, ‘We guarantee all of them will become paradise,’” he said, referring to the schools in the program.
Outside the court, a middle-aged woman sat knitting, waiting to visit her husband in prison.
Citibank isn’t offering any in this instance.
But in seconds Officer George shot him in the stomach with his .38-caliber service revolver.
This is beginning to take its toll on Mr. Modi, who is up for election in about two months and who until recently seemed invincible.
I have a rare and painful genetic respiratory disorder called primary ciliary dyskinesia.
“Now I want these people who were opposed to Amazon coming here, to bring at least 500 jobs to Queensbridge,” Mr. Johnson said.
“I think parents struggle with how they discipline their children,” said Dr. Benjamin S. Siegel, a professor of pediatrics at Boston University and one of the co-authors of the statement.
5 and a 5-foot eagle putt on No.
Barry Burden, a political scientist at the University of Wisconsin, called the results “a beautiful gerrymander” because Republicans were protected even in a bad year for their party.
This is especially true with 16 crossing theme entries totaling 68 of the 186 white squares.
Growing up in Vienna, Walter took frequent trips to the Austrian countryside, and his father served occasionally as a chauffeur to Franz Joseph, the Austrian emperor, during World War I.
Sin embargo, también estaban aquellas postales.
Jordan Eberle had a goal and an assist, Josh Bailey also scored, and Brock Nelson had two assists for the Islanders.
When I learned that the fourth season of “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” would be its last, I felt sad to have to say goodbye to Kimmy.
I’ve got to be honest, now I kind of want to see the wall.
Indeed, I missed the thirst enough to seek the feeling elsewhere — adopting long-suffering franchises temporarily (until the Kansas City Royals ruined our affair by winning the World Series) to remind myself of what it was like to nourish long-unrequited hopes.
Now James Gardner, who runs Grupo Gitano, has relocated it to the nearby James Hotel.
To write, “There has to be no other form of entertainment available.” No desk?
Many consider this the most important battle of the conflict.
“Finally,” she said, “I can show to everyone who is Vlhova.” Plenty already know her.
But he has a terrific cast (including Vince Vaughn as a coach), pinpoint timing and a gift for visual japes and physical comedy, for arranging bodies in funny formations and for underlining everyday absurdity.
But her most successful project was more surreal: Bahia Denim, a sturdy textile fabricated from leftover pieces of jeans, molded and bonded using bioresin, then cut into flat sheets that mimicked indigo-hued marble, which could later be formed into stools, tables and other furnishings.
Maria Shahgedanova, glacióloga de la Universidad de Reading en Inglaterra, ha venido aquí a revisar el Tuyuksu, como lo ha hecho durante dos décadas.
Y, para todos aquellos que andan buscando a su media naranja, Teresa Camacho Badani, la herpetóloga del museo que encontró a Julieta, tiene otro mensaje: “Nunca dejen de buscar su final feliz”.
If officers want an exception to search homes without warning, they will need his express permission.
Eventually, they all crammed into the master bedroom, the children squirming acrobatically.
We have two Venezuelans in our crew — the correspondent Francisco Urreiztieta and the cameraman Edgar Trujillo — and they would have faced terrible risks if they stayed in their own country.
Mr. Webb, an outspoken opponent of the Iraq war, is being considered as President Trump seeks to carry out campaign promises to withdraw American troops from Syria and Afghanistan.
Yvette Villarini, 42, who runs a fishing channel on YouTube, said Mr. Paiva’s dedication sets a good example for younger workers.
Thanks to the mining boom and a strategic realignment with Asia over the past three decades, we’ve become very, very wealthy.
After months of fighting for the port, the main channel for relief aid entering Yemen, both sides agreed to stop fighting in Hudaydah and withdraw their forces to the city limits.
Jack was proud he was not a billionaire, though he didn’t say so publicly.
In the future there must be a balance between technology and humanity .
BLACK IS THE BODY Stories From My Grandmother’s Time, My Mother’s Time, and Mine By Emily Bernard Bernard, a writer and professor, invokes Zora Neale Hurston in her introduction to “Black Is the Body”: She’s looking for Hurston’s “oldest human longing — self-revelation.” And like Hurston’s, Bernard’s well-crafted narrative is informed by an ethnographer’s eye, traversing the religious rituals of her black family in Tennessee, the eating habits of her Italian-American husband and the racial grapplings of her white university students.
“The racial World War starts today,” Mr. Jackson wrote in a manifesto that included an emblazoned swastika and a Crusader’s Cross.
He noted that the United States also had such a rate for many years and that the American economy did extremely well during these years.
From the sky, that part of Kasulo now looks like a bald spot in the middle of the city.
If it can, progressives and labor activists may have contributed to the loss of 25,000 jobs and billions in future tax revenue without winning any tangible benefits for workers.
In promising higher wages, Mr. Putin seemed to be trying to steal some thunder from Aleksei A. Navalny, the main opposition leader.
A kindergarten boy’s behavior could predict his income as an adult, a new study has found.
“The report vindicates what D.H.S.
Also striking in the debates is lack of recognition that the European Union, which has a major say in how Britain is released from complex legal and economic bonds formed over more than four decades, must agree to any deal.
Whether this exhaustive approach is an effort to understand what happened to her through breadth rather than depth or just an excuse to pad what began as a magazine article to book length, it threatens to diffuse the book’s focus to the point of becoming an Encyclopedia of Lies.
We’re experiencing multiple, and often compounding, types of scarcity.
“We have put in place strong incentives for risk-taking,” he cautioned colleagues at the March meeting.
We really became a company when we raised our first round of outside money, from Sequoia Capital, and scaled the team from 30 to 100.
I will leave things that are perhaps more essential out of my carry-on just for the sake of bringing that fan.” “It’s my favorite facial cream.
“People have perpetuated blackface because we don’t teach minstrel history.
El muro contra Trump ya existe, y no es de concreto, sino ideológico, legal, político y social y, a diferencia del que él desea en su frontera sur, tiene suficientes recursos, proveedores y materiales para terminar de ser erigido.
LOS ANGELES — Maria Lopez had to rush off for her job at a nearby laundromat.
The site has been a hit with millennials, allowing the company to raise $140 million in funding and reach a valuation of $600 million.
There are no restrictions on foreigners owning real estate in Spain.
If you were to define to a layperson, who perhaps has never had any legal troubles in her life, what “access to justice” means, what would you tell her?
“Pero eso solo significa portar un parche y ser capaz de automonitorearme, entonces a la larga este obstáculo será reducido”.
Amazon was long accustomed to highly deferential treatment from localities across the country.
With this work, the composer was “trying to find those dead people and souls to wake them up with special sounds and gestures and colors.” If conflicting emotions are interwoven in the Brahms, Mr. Tan isolates them and pits them in stark opposition.
What do they make after graduation?
Unlike so-called dictionary attacks — in which hackers try to guess your password by running through a dictionary of possible choices — forcing people to develop more complicated or longer passwords (a minimum of eight characters with uppercase and lowercase letters, and at least one symbol and one number) does not help at all when someone steals your password via phishing.
“It was a very productive meeting, and we were ready to move forward,” Mr. Appelbaum said in an interview.
“I don’t think it was a coincidence,” said Mr. Hanna, who contacted the sheriff about the bags.
I tried to reason with my classmate: “But her father is black, too, and you’re sharing with her!” No dice.
He mused about taking advantage of some already tense issue, like the standoff in Oregon in 2016 between protesters and the Bureau of Land Management.
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, of which Venezuela was a founding member, has said nothing.
Michael Gulotta, a New Orleans native, has resumed cooking the seasonal seafood gumbo he introduced as a lunch special last year at Maypop, his modern restaurant in the Warehouse district.
But while the about-face on debt has, as I said, been deeply revealing, there are still two big questions.
But leadership is not a popularity contest.
Will Kyrie Irving bolt from the Boston Celtics?
“Being public, art has to be responsive to its surrounding community,” she said in an interview.
The mayor, Catherine E. Pugh, applauded Ms. Mosby’s attempt to address the “unnecessary criminalization” of marijuana users, but stopped short of endorsing the new policy.
It was that, particularly at a time when amnesiac designers ruthlessly plunder the back pages of those who never made it far enough to understand or to enjoy their accomplishments, Mr. Owens has the dignity to remember and give credit.
En una época en la cual Estados Unidos ya no puede decir que es el bastión democrático que alguna vez fue, Cuba tiene una oportunidad de competir, aunque a una escala mucho menor.
The reverend is Reverend Gadson, but she goes by “Pastor T.” So we can be clear, they call me Pastor T., but Reverend Telley Lynnette Gadson.
The groom’s mother retired as the owner of Merrybuds, a floral decoration business in Washington.
We tried a few different versions — I have ones of her looking down that exactly mimic his photo — but then, when women look down in portraiture, it often reads as demure.
In other states, lawmakers have moved to do the opposite if Roe is overturned.
Part of the New York Philharmonic’s Young People’s Concert series for children ages 6 to 12, this program will explore that question with works that portray both animals and natural settings.
And while one out of five black Floridians was kept from the polls by past convictions, nearly 70 percent of those convicted of felonies in the state are not African-American, according to activists.
It’s going to be a fine thing to have for dinner, but I’ll save some for breakfast and daydream about my next trip to Vietnam.
It dovetails with the hallucinatory action, and the film language used to put it across.
What, literally, is a RING LEADER?
“I think it’s quite astonishing that on this cloak-and-dagger basis, LinkedIn has been gagging people and preventing their comments from being seen in China.” Both accounts have been restored.
The sunny space included more extras than usual: central air-conditioning, a combination washer-dryer, a balcony, a roof deck, a stall shower and a separate whirlpool tub.
Another group was taught mindfulness through the meditative method of paying close attention to the moment and focusing on breathing and other sensations.
The Los Angeles lawsuit says such incomplete messages are “fraudulent and deceptive” and violate California’s Unfair Competition Law.
Make it genuine — something like “This has been a great conversation but ...” or “You seem like a really cool person but ...” can be effective.
That prompted a response from a supporter and civil rights advocate who described Ms. Harris as a “voice for the voiceless and vulnerable,” when she was a prosecutor.
Through that time — including her own education at Oxford, her wartime job as a researcher with the BBC and the start of her publishing career — she sought consolation in myriad affairs.
Neither Gaudreau nor Peters was surprised at Giordano’s jump in production, with Gaudreau calling him “the ultimate captain.” He has returned to the Norris conversation for the first time since 2015, when a torn biceps cut his season short.
“This event had been mostly swept under the rug.
People worry that immigrants will bring crime, even though stats show immigrants are no more dangerous than natives.
En el imaginario de la izquierda latinoamericana, la declaración venía a ser una respuesta lógica frente a la agresión.
Suppose — as MMTers tend to assume — that interest rates nonetheless didn’t rise.
Mr. Trump is right to blame the Russians for beginning to unravel the I.N.F.
_____ Alison Roman wants you to spend less time in the kitchen and more time at the table.
And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
The group was “massively downgraded,” he said, but “had not gone away.”
We suggest three categories for practicing the skill in sports contexts — from making a case for the G.O.A.T.
Companies are increasingly targeting users of Instagram, the app once dominated by photos of babies and brunches, to hype their products.
They played cards and mah-jongg and shuffleboard on big concrete courts and danced at parties, lots of parties.
Esa situación hizo que la Unión Americana de Libertades Civiles (ACLU) presentara una demanda en nombre de ambas mujeres contra la Oficina de Aduanas y Protección Fronteriza, debido a que es inconstitucional que las autoridades detengan a las personas a causa de su idioma, acento o raza.
In addition to the $15.4 billion write-down, Kraft Heinz said that last year it had received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission related to an investigation into the company’s accounting and controls.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor.
En los años previos, dijo DeConnick, “había pasado de usar un leotardo de gimnasia con botas a prácticamente solo una tanga.
Did you get your Happy New Year’s email from Mayor de Blasio yet?
The articles led to the best-seller “Blue Blood,” written on his days off or on the margins of days when he worked the 4 p.m.-to-midnight shift.
The bride, 33, is a grants specialist at the National Endowment for the Arts in Washington.
54A: The answer to “Event that catches someone by surprise?” can’t be SURPRISE PARTY, because 1) that would duplicate the word “surprise” in both the clue and the entry and b) there aren’t enough squares.
The governor has already outlined an ambitious agenda for his first 100 days, invoking the frenetic start to the presidency of a former New York governor, Franklin D. Roosevelt, as his inspiration.
That would amount to a startling admission by the government that Mr. Kabila’s candidate had suffered a defeat so big that his government could not simply hand him the presidency without risking widespread violence and international condemnation.
He was so handsome and refined and cultured.
Happy 10 Minutes, a Chinese government campaign that encouraged schoolchildren to exercise for 10 minutes a day, would seem a laudable step toward improving public health in a nation struggling with alarming rates of childhood obesity.
Unlike “The Golden Apple,” though, this one enjoyed a sustained Broadway run, lasting almost two years.
The smallest of the fall’s great museum exhibitions centers on Jacopo da Pontormo’s stunning “Visitation” (1528-30), which depicts the meeting of the Virgin Mary and her cousin Elizabeth.
Many taxpayers with significant investment profits, so-called capital gains, make big payments at the end of the year.
If he cannot, the North Koreans will just keep producing fuel, and maybe new bombs, while the talks drag on.
In any case, he has settled, too, and the N.F.L.
“He was a star who burst upon the scene explosively, and maybe he extracted as much justice as he could from this situation,” Glasser said.
Such restrictions are intended to prevent just the sort of encounters that are now terrorizing the settlement.
After her decade at home, she went back to work, initially part time.
John Brennan, Mr. Obama’s C.I.A.
You know in this moment that Michael Jackson knows the difference between right and wrong, because he lies.
If such laws did come into play, it would open the door to interesting private-sector privacy solutions.
It was a voice that thrilled the Metropolitan Opera through the 1980s and ’90s, when Ms. Millo was among the house’s reigning divas: the grandly emoting star of new productions, opening nights and TV broadcasts opposite Plácido Domingo and Luciano Pavarotti.
(Donald Sutherland and Laura Betti play a couple attracted to the movement’s sadistic side.)
The Patriots left their safeties deep for much of the game but kept switching the positions of their cornerbacks, keeping them in the Rams’ wide receivers’ faces on one series, and then backing off the next.
In addition to arresting men ranging in age from their 30s to at least one in his 80s, the police charged several women who appeared to be overseeing the operation with racketeering, money laundering and prostitution.
NEPHI, Utah — In the suburbs of Salt Lake City, Representative Ben McAdams, a freshman, was grilled by constituents about the “socialism” and “anti-Semitism” that they saw coming out of the new Democratic House.
Well, I’m a little limited on shelf space at the house — we have a small house!
“We’re working through the technical details, but we appreciate them putting it forward,” she said.
He gave citizenship to ethnic Hungarians living beyond the borders.
If it succeeds, it could usher in an era of deal-making.
Questioned by detectives, Mr. Green said he had helped Mr. Burton cover up the murder, but denied participating.
Her daughter, Anna Christina Radziwill, confirmed the death, citing natural causes.
The summary reveals what many observers have long concluded: that for all the political rhetoric, talks between Britain and Europe have gone nowhere.
It was a way of making sense of my time in Barcelona, not Portofino.” This is, as it happens, the standard interpretation of the play — yet if Castellani wished to let it stand, why put in Testa del Lupo, and call it Testa del Lupo, in the first place?
Anti-abortion groups took away from Casey that they might successfully undercut abortion rights if they could show that the procedure harmed women.
He envisioned fast-paced telecasts of A.F.L.
Ahmed Gamal Ziada, an Egyptian journalist arrested at Cairo airport on Jan. 30, faces charges of spreading false news on social media.
The youth’s hairless, unmuscled legs are spread open, his head and arms are cast back in exhausted pleasure, and his mouth is pulled into a smile so blissful it annihilated me.
[Si quieres recibir las novedades del juicio a Joaquín “el Chapo” Guzmán Loera , suscríbete aquí a El Times y sigue nuestra cobertura] A lo largo del mes pasado, Emma Coronel Aispuro, la esposa de Joaquín “el Chapo” Guzmán, se convirtió en un personaje protagónico del juicio de su marido.
Residents of Brooklyn Heights, one of the city’s most historic and affluent neighborhoods, are leveraging their skills, connections and considerable resources to find a less painful way to fix a crumbling stretch of the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway that runs past their homes and serves as the base of the promenade.
The Wall Street Journal and The Washington Post reported that the departure would be “rapid.” Four days later, Mr. Trump said the withdrawal would be “slow” and “highly coordinated” and maintained that “our troops are coming home!” On Dec. 31, Mr. Trump acknowledged that the Islamic State was not completely defeated, and repeated that troops would return home “slowly.” The Times reported that Mr. Trump extended his timetable to four months, though Mr. Trump denied that in a January cabinet meeting.
Its main book collection point, the Offenbach Archival Depot outside Frankfurt, was the former headquarters of IG Farben, a chemical company whose subsidiary had produced a poison gas used in the death camps.
Look, it is hard for me to be optimistic about breaking through to him given that I had raised this exact set of concerns six months earlier, and he had said he was listening, said he was troubled by what he had heard, said that he thought his rhetoric had probably gone too far, and said that he would think about toning it down, and then has continued, if not escalated, his attacks on the free press.
Aunque no mencionó explícitamente a Lluvia Temprana, Wen les pidió a los asistentes que recordaran “a los que fueron detenidos como criminales”.
“Any ‘wedding gifts’ I receive,” she said, “would go straight to both of those causes.” She began considering a faux marriage to Bernie in October 2017, when she brought him to a dog groomer in Phoenix and mused, “I may as well marry Bernie.
But while Sofia has a large inventory of apartments, there aren’t many new houses, which has put a premium on those in neighborhoods like Boyana, agents said.
• The health secretary would directly negotiate drug prices with manufacturers.
Andrew Cuomo of New York deliberately outlined a transition to a 100-percent clean, carbon-free energy system by 2040 — not an all-renewables system.
High-school graduation rates are at an all-time high, and teenage pregnancy rates are at an all-time low.
1215, used to be the site of the Slave Theater, a center of political rallies and events led by the Rev.
Mr. Edgerton, who has made a career out of playing the kind of broad-shouldered, stoic male his homeland has exported to Hollywood since the days of Errol Flynn, might seem the last person to make a film about gay conversion therapy, had he been set in that mold.
También las escenas de lucha tarantiniana llegan si nuestras opciones son morbosas o absurdas.
He was reviewing the Aereo case and wanted to show how its ruling might impact the public interest.
Jenny A. Durkan, who became a Universal Life minister for the event, officiated at the Brake and Clutch Warehouse, an events space in Dallas.
Uno de ellos come un poco de carroña, la digiere previamente y, cuando la cría le toca levemente la boca con sus patas delanteras, le pasa el pedacito a la boca.
He made it clear, Ms. Jauhiainen said, that he had come to retrieve the sheikha.
Nobody wants to dissuade charitable giving.
With tears in her eyes, she flashed him a thumbs up.” [Read the full story on the reaction in the courtroom.]
Into this mix — “a pair of pale-faced rockers itching for a fix, a trio of black kids still trying to figure out why they were there” — enters the producer Rick Rubin: hip-hop’s unlikely poster child.
[The Daily Breeze] • A judge in Los Angeles blocked ICE from conducting more unannounced raids on Cambodian immigrants with previous deportation orders.
The engineer was given a mask and air.
We don’t have enough funding for schools.
And if you were in any doubt about Mr. Buffett’s appetite for huge deals, he paints a vivid picture about just how much he’d like to bag one.
The lot is 200 by 50 feet.
Joe Biden is the sure bet for the general election.
“When I came home, a local magazine writer contacted me and asked me how I went.
Para poder vender sus propiedades, los habitantes de la capital rusa necesitan obtener un certificado de salud mental firmado por un médico.
But Brianna isn’t having it.
She limps after him into the examining room, dragging the crutches in one hand.
A Rosneft spokesman said the company pursues only business interests in Venezuela and declined to comment on any barter deals with Pdvsa.
“I feel I went to bat for the orphans,” he said.
Four girls at a middle school in Binghamton, N.Y., were taken aside two weeks ago after a school official thought they were acting strangely.
He heard an inrush of water.
[Want to get New York Today by email?
I keep my visions of the real thing sealed away in my mind, and I go on with my work.
“There’s a danger in overstating my role, or what people would perceive as the importance of it,” Mr. Keane said.
Después de pasar por muchos trámites legales costosos y confusos, nos convertimos en ciudadanos en el año 2000.
Jonathan Biss gave a fervent and insightful account of Beethoven’s Sonata in E (Op.
But I will say there’s a very good feeling.
But in an interview last June with The New York Times, before her ouster, she said that pressure on her office had increased “because of our investigations, because of our convictions.” She added that if the prosecutor’s independence were taken away, the job would become not merely more difficult, but impossible.
The answer is often more art than science, and it speaks to the torrent of luxury real estate built in recent years, which has been more brazenly priced than that of any previous cycle.
_____________________ • President Trump said he would deliver his State of the Union address after the federal government reopens, capping a day of brinkmanship with Speaker Nancy Pelosi.
The region depends upon it.
Let’s hope this takes us closer to ending humanitarian crisis Mr. Maduro easily won re-election last year, despite the collapsing economy, endemic corruption and repression in Venezuela, in a vote that his opponents and international observers said was heavily rigged.
With neither hesitation nor shame, he laid out his demons: four years in recovery from heroin and alcohol addiction.
“You cannot reach anybody,” Mr. Schroeder said.
It is also true that the 1950s and ’60s did not give rise to the creation of massive fortunes.
It described the location as the Bar Sanjuni area near the port city of Kismayo.
agents aren’t being paid and the agency is being forced to triage investigations.
“It’s harder for me to find somebody to watch Rocket than it is finding someone to watch my horses,” she said.
Among other things, he abandoned plans to downgrade the ministry for French services to a government office and he hired a adviser on French issues.
For many years, the couple spent summers at a vacation house in Montana, overlooking Flathead Lake.
It’s so common to hold on to relics that remind us of people who are no longer in our lives, because of breakups or fights or, yes, death.
Yanukovich and his political party relied on advice from Manafort and his firm, which helped them win several elections.
A production from the New Group and Vineyard Theater, Jeremy O. Harris’s poolside play cannonballs into the Signature Center.
The report recommends that home workers be given a garment-specific union and written contracts for their work, and that there should be an increase in the level of investigation and prosecution of those who exploit the workers.
Missing more meals could condemn them to starvation.
And I think that we really, really wanted to believe him.
Ya hemos visto este concepto antes.
She graduated from Gonzaga University.
The polls, pundits and professors didn’t get 2016 wrong.
It made travel the only real constant in our lives.
TRENTON — The chief counsel to Gov.
It was a kind of miracle.
But Mr. Trump’s hard-line policies, which Democrats see as racist and xenophobic, have pushed the party to the left.
The case of the former soldier, Hanna Johannes Cosar, is a rare example of European countries prosecuting citizens for fighting against, rather than with, jihadist forces in Iraq and Syria.
Today the Afghan government controls only some of its own country — about 55 percent of all administrative districts, where about 65 percent of all Afghans live, according to C.I.A.
Ms. Padgett and her husband had said that they were on the side of the road with a broken-down car when the four men attacked him and raped her.
Mr. Cohen has spent more than 70 hours with investigators with the Manhattan prosecutors and Mr. Mueller’s team.
Elegir a la protagonista fue un proceso que tomó meses e involucró ver las cintas de audición de más de tres mil mujeres, ninguna de las cuales fue del gusto de Cuarón para el papel.
Claim your piece of $2.5 million: The money is from settlements that employers made with the city.
On Wednesday, he was greeted with a Daily News front page describing him as “presidential-sounding.” One critic of the new L train plan said Mr. Cuomo did, in a way, seem presidential.
She said the evidence suggests the North succeeded in building a seemingly harmless agricultural plant that could be repurposed within weeks to produce dried anthrax spores.
“If sports are strong,” Mr. Xi told the crowd of athletes, “then the country will be strong.”
The Nantes team postponed a match that had been scheduled for Wednesday against L’Entente, a club in France’s third tier.
Sin embargo, las acusaciones de corrupción, aunque menores en comparación con el escándalo de sobornos de miles de millones de dólares que sacudió a los gobiernos anteriores, han debilitado la imagen del gobierno mientras se prepara para promover medidas poco populares en el Congreso, como aumentar la edad de retiro.
Administration officials and some economists say everyone in the drug “supply chain” — except the patient — benefits when the list price of a drug goes up.
As in “Sin City” or “A Confederacy of Dunces,” plot is pointedly unimportant to “The Plotters,” mostly a medium for satire and repulsion.
It grew to become the leading innovator of modern interiors and furnishings in the 1950s and ’60s, transforming the CBS, Seagram and Look magazine headquarters in Manhattan, the H. J. Heinz headquarters in Pittsburgh and properties across the United States, Europe, Asia and South America, including American embassies.
counterintelligence agents when he called on Russia during a campaign news conference in July 2016 to hack into the emails of his opponent, Hillary Clinton.
I can’t recommend it because Ms. von Heyl’s paintings are at the Hirshhorn Museum, which — along with nearly 20 other Smithsonian institutions — has been closed since the new year, a casualty of the government shutdown.
• Bernie Sanders struggled with black voters in 2016, in part because of turmoil between top aides and African-American staffers.
Putnam Valley has a restaurant, Brookside Grille, a sprinkling of delis and pizzerias, and a tiny commercial area known as Oregon Corners.
But there may be more organizational urgency with Monk given the Hornets’ uncertain future.
Experts know how to provide appropriate anesthesia when children need surgery and understand the ways that even very young children express distress when they’re hurting afterward.
There was also concern over the company’s anti-union practices and the changes its huge presence would bring to Queens.
weren’t so lucky; they were turned back upon arrival, though one photographer was allowed in.
Everything, from the slices of goose to the wild oyster mushrooms — even the cornbread made from a Native American variety called bloody butcher that the Latanés grow — spoke of wildness and a rhythm of life that the couple is only beginning to understand.
It also ensures that companies talk to community members all the time.
NORTH CAROLINA 77, FLORIDA ST. 59 Cameron Johnson had 18 points and 10 rebounds, and No.
How he could have thought it a good idea to darken his face with shoe polish to moonwalk like Michael Jackson in a contest in the early 1980s.
Reducing chronic inflammation involves the same health behaviors that we already know are important for other reasons — regular exercise, healthy diet, avoiding excessive weight gain and so on.”
“This backdoor system of kickbacks isn’t set up to serve Sue, and it isn’t set up to serve you, the American patient,” Mr. Azar said in remarks to the Bipartisan Policy Center.
“Just two days ago, she was barricaded in a hotel room fighting for her life, and now we see this wonderful and astonishing turn of events.” “What’s important is to get her safe, so Australia really needs to move quickly to get her out of here,” he added.
Kathy Graham, a spokeswoman for BorgWarner, wrote in an email that employees often plan vacations from Dec 24. through Jan. 2, when the company closes for the holidays.
A new migrants’ crisis is taking place over a boat carrying 47 people that has been prevented from docking in Sicily.
“It has nothing to do with football so I won’t give a response,” Juan Antonio Pizzi, Saudi Arabia’s Argentine coach said in response to a question about the off-field tension.
Los italianos han acusado a los franceses de ser hipócritas al respecto.
Under the new rule, staff members at Title X facilities who are morally opposed to abortion can effectively pretend that the procedure doesn’t exist — a lie by omission that no one would find acceptable in the context of any other form of health care.
It also annoyed Chinese officials, who had been talking with the Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, a more moderate voice on trade and the primary point of contact for Liu He, China’s top trade negotiator.
You can browse them here.
Ji overcame a strong wind and temperatures in the 50s on Sunday, making three birdies on the back nine as she pulled away and closed with a one-under-par 70 for a two-shot victory in the Tournament of Champions.
It is not at all clear whether he can influence the encryption law; potential amendments are due to be debated in Parliament this week, and no changes are expected.
King Vajiralongkorn also delayed signing the junta’s decree announcing the March election, publicly putting the generals in an uncertain and awkward position in the meantime.
By the time it had arrived, the decision had already been made to close the bar for good.
“I know that it’s the right decision,” he said.
The plaintiffs in the suit, led by the internet company Mozilla and supported by 22 state attorneys general, say the commission lacked a sound legal reason for scrapping the regulations.
That is realistic for me given my past training.
(This wouldn’t be the first time “Discovery” did this, having killed off Michelle Yeoh’s Good Georgiou and Jason Isaacs’s Lorca prematurely.)
“Si comprendemos mejor las condiciones que provocan estas explosiones violentas de lava y agua”, explicó Greg Valentine, vulcanólogo de la Universidad de Búfalo y uno de los autores del artículo, “entonces podremos hacer un mejor trabajo para prevenir a las personas y reducir los daños”.
“This isn’t the first time that something like this has happened,” Mr. Hughes said in an email on Tuesday, adding that “the antiquated sewage system and pipes” made this a very worrying find.
Elected officials, consumer groups and others have also suggested breaking up the company’s electricity business into smaller utilities, some of which could be owned by local governments.
“It’s time for him to hug and kiss his wife and protect his family,” the daughter, who is in high school, wrote to Judge Vincent Gaughan.
Ostensibly, Rezaian’s crime was espionage, but the “evidence” against him didn’t even rise to the level of specious.
Most of the midweek business is generated by the restaurant’s $10 pizza or pasta takeout special.
The issue is written by Jeremy Whitley, drawn by Gurihiru and lettered by Joe Caramagna.
We either replenish or we drain.
With so much material already, I regrettably had to dispense with one of my comic book favorites: GREEN ARROW.
• The Supreme Court agreed on Friday to take another look at whether the Constitution bars extreme partisan gerrymandering.
And there is no sense conditions are improving.
Knight se unirá a una mezcla extraña de estrellas encargadas de la faena, una lista que incluye a Lady Gaga (2016), Billy Joel (1989 y 2007), Cher (1999), Kathie Lee Gifford (1995) y Al Hirt (1970).
As people queue up to cross the bridge, Mexican agents are now pulling Central Americans out of the line, demanding their paperwork and detaining them if they have not filled out the proper documentation.
Identical twins are also at the center of Anne Ursu’s THE LOST GIRL (Walden Pond/HarperCollins, 368 pp., $16.99; ages 8 to 12).
Netflix used its Twitter account to warn people not to attempt the challenge in any way that might be dangerous, and on Tuesday, YouTube updated its policies to ban videos of challenges “with a perceived danger of serious physical injury.”
This sculpture, ‘Stuhl mit Fett’ (1963), shows a simple wooden chair paired with a slab of fat.
“I am queer and do not currently have sex with men,” she wrote in a Facebook message, but nevertheless her employer’s insurance required her to “try ‘naturally’ for 12 months before they would cover anything.” Employers could be helpful with this problem, if they choose to be.
Manifestly — in mind-set as well as mission — the West was our destiny.
And experts expect breaches in the travel sector will continue.
The White Sox have endured six losing seasons in a row, their longest stretch of futility since 1944 to 1950.
It’s a fascinating question if the answer is handled with appropriate wit and authenticity, as it was by the gang at Sony Pictures Animation.
It takes just 2.8 seconds to rocket up to 60 miles an hour, and forget about the crude-by-comparison Countach.
He said he and a number of other coaches in New Jersey had been following the guidelines announced Wednesday for the past few seasons.
There is throughout, though, a mind-bending glee in watching women taking on the extravagant guises of hot-dog rock ’n’ rollers, who for all their strutting machismo never grow into manhood.
This is what is happening on that front already: A 2017 executive order barred people from seven countries, including five with Muslim majorities, from entering the country.
“We rigorously explored the microtones she worked with and tried to square them with a piano,” he said in a phone interview.
Mr. Ross had said the Trump administration needed citizenship information to be able to enforce federal voting rights laws.
A Democratic bastion in a state where Republicans have long wielded dominance in statewide politics, El Paso is also home to Beto O’Rourke, the former local congressman who is a star of the Democratic Party and a potential challenger to Mr. Trump in the 2020 presidential election.
“My fellow Americans: Tonight I am speaking to you because there is a growing crisis over guns,” he begins.
Immigrant children: The U.S. government received more than 4,500 complaints in four years about sexual abuse of children held at detention facilities, including an increase in complaints during the Trump administration’s family separations at the border.
Most middle-class Americans are expected to see lower tax bills.
Yet let’s not dismiss the effects of a bear market declaration too soon.
___ David Sanger, The Times’s national security correspondent, is in Sydney for a handful of events all on Mon.
Veterans who live as little as a 30-minute drive from a Veterans Affairs health care facility will instead be able to choose private care, the most significant change in rules released Wednesday as part of the Trump administration’s effort to fix years-old problems with the health system.
El Espace es una columna dedicada a las noticias y la cultura relevantes para las comunidades latinas.
By Sebastian Modak Our columnist, Sebastian Modak, is visiting each destination on our 52 Places to Go in 2019 list.
While such an upswing is common during election periods because of an expectation that regulations will change, this was the sharpest increase since close monitoring of deforestation in the Amazon began in 2004, said Adalberto Veríssimo, a co-founder of Imazon, an environmental watchdog agency.
most likely wouldn’t look kindly on one of its primary partners’ televising another football league’s games.
Then I started getting searing pains in my neck, which prevented me from turning my head to the right, which then almost got me into a car accident.
Grand jury indictments unsealed Thursday in Federal District Court in Los Angeles brought the total number of people charged in the schemes to 19, including both business operators and clients.
In a speech on Wednesday, the prime minister of Pakistan urged restraint, citing the two countries’ arsenals of nuclear weapons, saying quote, “All big wars have been due to miscalculation.
A cellist, composer and vocalist, Ms. Coloff leads a six-woman band in what is, at heart, a cabaret show: a series of memoir monologues alternating with folky, bluesy numbers sung in her sometimes feathery, sometimes husky, sometimes warbly voice.
He added that a public statement by Francis on Yemen was possible, but “I am quite sure that he will speak about the drama in a more discreet way.” The pope and the rulers of the United Arab Emirates have been more outspoken in their proclamations of their shared commitment to tolerance and interreligious dialogue.
“There are beautiful ski resorts, breathtaking scenery and plenty of holiday festivals to enjoy across the country.
It was their power as outcasts she sought to harness, even at the expense of their comfort.
Written and directed by Ifeoma Fafunwa, “Hear Word!” is agitprop theater of an exceptionally vital order.
“He’s a dazzling intellectual and an enormously great writer, but other things in his life have got in the way,” said the scholar Clive Wilmer, referring to the current fixation with Ruskin’s sexuality.
That month, Ms. Oliver said in a statement to The Associated Press that the organization had broken with both Mr. Asher and Mr. Diaz.
who use a free version, and paying customers like Pfizer and Regeneron.
His father, Roger, an ambulance driver, liked to listen to Lili Boniche, one of the greats of the chanson judeo-arabe, while his mother, Lucette, sang along to Charles Aznavour.
Roughly 14,000 of them are American.
The diplomatic split between Qatar and other Arab nations, which began in 2017, has been a problem for the Trump administration, especially as it seeks to forge a coalition of Arab nations to counter Iran.
In a Twitter post this past week, Representative Ro Khanna, Democrat of California, singled out AbbVie: “They filed 247 patents for Humira, a single drug for arthritis.
Yet because these authors were out to entertain children — it’s no accident the books remain popular — they never tip into the maudlin; if anything, they lean into camp.
I also felt conflicted for other reasons.
(NYT) • Colgate Total toothpaste is relaunching without triclosan, an ingredient that has raised concerns about its potential links to cancer.
With autocephaly, a large portion of the Ukrainian population will now be under the influence not of Moscow on church matters but of an independent church in Kiev.
Belinda Neumann-Donnelly, representing the estate of her mother, Dolores O. Neumann, sued her father, Hubert Neumann, over the sale of “Flesh and Spirit” by Jean-Michel Basquiat.
But she said that when she lodged a formal complaint, Mr. Ahn used his influence to have her transferred to an obscure posting in a small provincial city.
“This was a failure in the institution.
Dear Diary: I was walking along Henry Street in Brooklyn.
While Hamilton paid the initial amount, he ignored subsequent demands.
Some call it the “Arabic Booker” because the Booker Prize Foundation in London supports the award.
(Want to get this briefing by email?
“In fact, he may not even be a free person.” Prodded by reporters to explain the remark a few hours later in Iowa City, Ms. Warren said she was simply noting the proliferation of inquiries into the president.
The answer differs by state.
The death toll rose to at least 15 in the collapse of an eight-story apartment building in Istanbul, Turkish officials said on Friday, but a 16-year-old boy was pulled from the rubble, still alive after almost two days buried under the debris.
And companies go into the community to watch and listen.
كلّ يو٠تقريباً على ٠دار الأسابيع التسعة ال٠اضية، يحتشد ٠ئات الفلسطينيين هنا لل٠شاركة في الاحتجاجات، وأحيانًا يصل العدد إلى الآلاف أيا٠الج٠عة.
Parliament is to resume next week to debate a contentious bill in the House of Representatives that would allow all sick persons on the islands to be temporarily transferred to Australia.
Some were as young as 14 when they committed their offenses.
“There’s a huge gap between what the ultra-Orthodox establishment is doing and what the people want,” Ms. Zernowitski says.
The year was 1940, and the opening battles of what would become World War II raged across Europe.
Even after wooden barrels replaced amphoras as the preferred storage vessels, the Greeks retained their taste for retsina.
A document circulating internally among Merrill Lynch’s private banking and investment group, which will be released in the next couple of months, aims to help Merrill’s rich clients budget like everyone else.
“In a time of almost unprecedented political chaos under a President whose first and last thought every day is about himself, his image, and using the most powerful office in the world to enrich himself, Americans are reacting to — and looking for — the trustworthy, compassionate leadership that Joe Biden has brought to the national and international stage his entire career,” the document states.
In an age of partisan vitriol, it’s easy to see the appeal of this adults-in-the-room vision.
_____________________ Were you forwarded this newsletter?
To the Editor: Re “Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Dancing Video Was Meant as a Smear, but It Backfired” (news article, nytimes.com, Jan. 4): For all the old, conservative, resentful white men and their enablers who have never had their power and influence seriously challenged (especially by a woman), the election of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York — a young, well-educated, passionate woman of color — must be as frightening as it is profoundly disturbing.
Atlanta Hawks (13-29) If the Hawks finish where they are as the so-called best of the worst, they will have a 10.5 percent shot at the No.
Last summer, Congress allocated an extra $600 million to the Rural Utilities Service to subsidize broadband projects for the most underserved communities.
Despite nearly three years of hand-wringing, community meetings and general upheaval to prepare for the so-called L-pocalypse, the governor announced a new plan that would avoid requiring a full closing.
He said that he raised the election hacking three times and that Mr. Putin denied involvement.
Iran wants to be the dominant player in the region.
Ms. Martin owns four pairs of No.
None of that should be dismissed because Bayern held out against a Liverpool team without its three first-choice central defenders.
Ana Lucia Araujo, a history professor at Howard University who studies slavery, said the controversy over Ms. Meirelles’s birthday has brought to the fore a topic many Brazilians are reluctant to acknowledge publicly.
House Republicans voted overwhelmingly last month to bar an American exit from the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, after The New York Times reported that Mr. Trump had expressed an interest in shattering the alliance.
But President Trump has been telling audiences lately that his predecessor was on the precipice of an all-out confrontation with the nuclear-armed maverick state.
Visiting Colombia, Mr. Pence also warned some countries in the region that have conspicuously sought to remain neutral in the crisis convulsing Venezuela that they cannot remain so, singling out Mexico and Uruguay.
The Amazon deal in Virginia shows that a different approach is possible.
Maybe the party believes, like Trump, that these workers are mainly Democrats.
He first came to wide attention alongside contemporaries like Alan Bates and Tom Courtenay, actors collectively known as “angry young men” — counterparts to the playwrights and novelists who shared that sobriquet.
Merton, 25, was born in Germany, grew up mostly in Canada and moved back to Germany in her teens, and she has also lived in England and the United States.
But that doesn’t diminish the cumulative effect of the graceful prose, which reaches back in the best way to its noir predecessors.
A full-blown water war could be catastrophic to the hundreds of millions of people in India and Pakistan who depend on river water.
Beth Becker, a social media trainer and consultant in Washington who handled Facebook ad spending for the Dry Alabama page and the project’s other Facebook page, called Southern Caller, said in an interview that a nondisclosure agreement prohibited her from saying much about the project.
“With all kinds of mistakes, the fear behind an insincere apology is that the person hasn’t learned anything, and that they are not going to make any reparations for their actions.”
Fewer people came, so lines were shorter, and rooms were full but not crammed.
Women had long been employed in the scut work of doing calculations.
“If there is going to be peace and legislation,” said the president, “there cannot be war and investigation!” Yeah, back to Britain.
It staves off the need to fire managers every year or so, to rip up the blueprint, to start again by scouring the transfer market for new players or asking old ones to learn new tricks.
Part of the problem is the United States lacks any truly toothy privacy law.
When I was establishing new sources, there were many veterans service organizations I could turn to.
Esto se debe en parte a los mismos desequilibrios de poder que en primera instancia exponen a las mujeres al abuso sexual.
He’d never had psoriasis on his face, though.
He was allergic to something that nearly killed him; he had to find out what it was.
Social discord “rarely involves bullying,” explains Phyllis Fagell, a counselor at the Sheridan School, a private school in Washington, D.C., and the author of the forthcoming book “Middle School Matters.” “Most commonly, conflict stems from anything ranging from a misunderstood comment, to a spilled secret, to a lopsided friendship.” Diagnosing the problem correctly is critical to choosing the right intervention.
“They were asking how they could raise money.
Manish Bapna, executive vice president of the World Resources Institute, a think tank in Washington, tweeted side-by-side global temperature maps from the 19th and 21st centuries, calling climate change “the biggest #10YearChallenge.” And the Kenya office of the environmental group World Wildlife Fund used the meme to tweet some good news: the ongoing restoration of Lake Naivasha, a freshwater lake northwest of Nairobi that a decade ago was hard-hit by problems including deforestation and soil erosion.
The asylum seekers, who had been sheltering aboard two private rescue boats, will be shared among nine member states of the European Union, the Maltese prime minister, Joseph Muscat, said in a statement.
One chief argument for low capital gains rates is to incentivize investment.
And, as at Harvard for term papers, his report will be graded thoroughly.
South Carolina was under a similar ban until the 2015 removal of the Confederate flag that had flown in front of the State Capitol.
Curious about the accuracy of a claim?
She called it a “fine documentary.” DO THE RIGHT THING (1989) Stream on Starz; rent on Amazon, Google Play, iTunes, Vudu and YouTube.
This dynamic only starts to bother us after a platform wins, when there are fewer alternatives or none at all.
(NYT) Mick Davis, a British politician and the former head of the Xstrata mining company, is setting up a new mining venture, Niron Metals, with a former executive at the De Beers diamond company and a Swiss investment manager.
As the number of ships moving around the world has increased significantly in recent years, cavitation, the noise from the synchronous collapse of bubbles created by a ship’s propeller, as well as the rumble of ship engines, poses a bigger and bigger problem.
After attracting attention from several teams in England and Spain, he was initially recruited to join the youth development system at Girondins de Bordeaux, spending time on loan to Orleans, Niort and Caen as a teenager.
The union has also filed a lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of the federal law that allows the government to require some employees to work without pay during a shutdown.
Mr. Fairfax emphatically denies that he assaulted either woman.
Many in the industry remain optimistic about these ways forward.
(Ruland, though he was the Times’s triple-double pioneer, claimed only five in his career.)
Elsewhere, from Eastern and Central Europe to Italy to the hinterlands of France, populist forces continue to test the very cohesion of the bloc, both on the streets and in the halls of power.
The researchers then checked neuronal activity in some of their brains by microscopically probing individual cells in living tissue to measure their electrical and biochemical signals.
Y es, además, el rito de pasaje en un mundo donde se terminaron los ritos de pasaje.
Britain’s opposition Labour Party said on Monday that it was prepared to support a second referendum on withdrawal from the European Union, a shift that could have significant ramifications for the fate of Brexit and for the country’s future.
BB&T said it planned to buy SunTrust Banks for about $28 billion.
Otherwise, spread out, and tackle a few choice episodes from each season.
The Long Island Rail Road has 296 street-level crossings, and agency officials said the number of accidents at the crossings had declined drastically in recent years.
Ajax is not just about developing players; it is also concerned with winning.
In an Oval Office interview last week, he cast doubt on a settlement being hashed out by a bipartisan committee of 17 House members and senators before the Feb. 15 deadline, saying that anything short of his full demand would be “a waste of time.” At the same time, Mr. Trump continued to brandish the threat of an emergency declaration that would allow him to divert existing federal funding to the wall, an idea that has sparked heated opposition among Senate Republicans, who have grown increasingly comfortable in their defiance.
This was a missed opportunity.
He added, “We will be able to turn a new chapter on the life of our country, rid of corruption.” Seeking investments to give a jolt to South Africa’s sluggish economy, Mr. Ramaphosa attempted to repair the reputation of his party at the gathering of world leaders and investors in Davos.
The master suite has a private patio, and the atrium also lends itself to outdoor seating.
And even where there was consistency in a flavor profile, that likely changed over the years, as new rules and changing consumer tastes forced the industry to shift.
She earned her bachelor’s degree in history from Queens College in 1963.
For this Crowdwise, I asked you to recount some helpful things people said or did when you were in mourning — and to share some things that were decidedly unhelpful.
“It’s a cat-and-mouse game,” he told me.
Since 2010, they had relied first on the coherent national message of opposition to Barack Obama, then on the small-government ideology of the speaker Paul Ryan and finally on loyalty to Donald Trump, to overwhelm smaller, local allegiances.
Sign up for our Season 8 newsletter here.
In the heart of a high-tech industrial area, the space is bright and new enough that it resembles the offices of well-funded start-ups in tech centers like Beijing and Shenzhen.
In 2012, he died of a cerebral hemorrhage at 54.
Debajo de donde estaba sentado, se extienden jardines (estaban cubiertos por nieve y escarcha, pero son jardines), una red para voleibol, un tirolesa, un columpio y un cielo invernal que se mueve junto con las nubes y deja ver las estrellas.
“He said, ‘If you leave me, I’ll be dead in three months,’” she said.
After an hour of squeezing an eyedropper and scrubbing off the spillage, I would finally don a protective hairnet and climb into bed, a routine I kept up until the spring of my sophomore year.
Seven police officers, including their commander, were killed.
Students, read the entire article, then tell us: — What is your reaction to what you’ve read in this article?
El plano de reensamblaje fue la revisión en 1980 de la guía de campo para la psiquiatría: el Manual Diagnóstico y Estadístico de los Trastornos Mentales, que excluyó eficazmente las explicaciones psicológicas.
(A number of British authors built on the tradition of turning American minstrelsy into animal fables: Beatrix Potter and A.
The young man answered no to almost everything I asked: He hadn’t been in a psychiatric hospital before, he didn’t hear voices, he wasn’t suicidal, he didn’t intend to actually do anything at his school.
Rajan describes how ranchers benefit by handling livestock trespass cooperatively.
Here is more about what Queens and New York were like when Mr. Brown first took office.
Some have already raised concern that the utility, which has been convicted of multiple felonies and is under scrutiny by a federal judge for probation violations, is asking customers to pay for steps that the groups say should have been completed and paid for under previous funding requests or as part of the company’s normal operations.
6 p.m. — Iman Stevenson Events are subject to change, so double-check before heading out.
The setting allows some of the characters to begin at a new point.
Or, failing that, with one of these 13 delicious recipes that are ready in 20 minutes or less.
“Destroying guns he did not use, I have no problem with,” Mr. Friedman said.
Lawmakers opposed to the bill objected to lessons about lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people, argued that sex education should be taught at home, and claimed that children removed from the lessons would be bullied.
If you (or someone you know) participated but you haven’t shared that story widely, we want to hear from you.
Specificity, in this case, lies in the architecture of what Mr. Hurd describes as a “smart wall,” a wish list of technology and upgrades that would protect more than 800 miles of the southwestern border that demarcates the southern side of his district.
• The Trump administration will direct the I.R.S.
What are the politics of showing a sex scene in our chairs?
“The act of being black and public is unapologetically political,” he said, so he is going to use the platform he has.
Fees for actively managed stock funds dropped about half that amount, and in December, they were still more than five times as high as those associated with index funds.
Ms. Trump’s initiative was meant to strike a subtly different tone.
He rolled it in for his 62 to finish at 23-under 269, and then had to wait.
Israel treated Palestine as no more than “the vicious invention of a Pan-Arabic propaganda machine.” These illusions have passed.
“A consistent monitoring tool like CLASS tells them what’s expected,” she said.
And that was just what played out in public.
Earlier this week, Governor Ducey raised the possibility of deploying the state attorney general’s office in a wide-ranging investigation into the company.
The government’s Epidemiology Bureau raised the “red flag” after an increase in infections in the capital, Manila, as well as the northern and southern ends of Luzon, the island that includes the capital.
Mr. Gibbons, the trademark lawyer, said he thought McDonald’s was likely to appeal what appeared to be quite a technical decision.
Mr. President, good to see you.
Asked for comment, a State Department official said in an emailed response: “We are aware of reports of the detention of a U.S. citizen in Iran.
Players enter into an unspoken contract, with a system of rules governing their behavior and shaping their objectives.
But I think for most people, they are going to look at that, and especially after the president takes to Twitter and suggests that people ought to be looking into Michael Cohen’s family, I think most people are still going to see that as looking worse for Trump, because Michael Cohen was doing this as Trump’s lawyer.
The Fed, which is reducing the holdings at a regular pace, has said that it does not want to adjust that pace in response to changes in economic conditions, preferring to adjust interest rates instead.
Here’s what the declaration would mean.
“I was so excited when I heard that they asked you.
If you tend to create clutter, then closed storage or baskets that hide things on shelves may be the best option, she said.
African-American accident victims could easily be left to die because no “black” ambulance was available.
I was sexually abused starting at age 4, so by the time I put on that promise ring, in my mind I was already lying because I was already corrupted.
When an S&M-specializing call girl (Mia Wasikowska) shows up, things get bloody, although not in the way you’ve been led to expect.
“And when he’s talking about something he’s passionate about I just sit back and let him go, and the viewer gets analysis from one of the greatest players of all-time, as beloved an athlete as we have ever had in any sport, someone who has taught the game to generations of fans.” To Mr. Frazier, it’s all a part of the job.
“The first thing Al said when I got on the phone: ‘We messed it up,’” Payton said, adding: “It was simple: They blew the call.
“My teammates and my coaches have all allowed me to step into my individuality,” she said Tuesday, “and not be defined by just being a gymnast.” Last season, U.C.L.A.
Shares of the other tech titans fell as well.
Inspired by the singer Dua Lipa’s bleached bob and the actress Jenna Dewan’s rich chocolate one, Michelle Sevilla, a pre-med student at Queens College, gets hers shorn at Coiffures by Genevieve in Franklin Square.
In his indictment of the Trump torpedo Roger Stone, the special counsel Robert Mueller noted that on June 14, 2016, the Democratic National Committee announced “that it had been hacked by Russian government actors.” According to the indictment, unsealed Friday, Mr. Stone participated in and helped conceal an effort by the Trump campaign to cooperate with WikiLeaks in publicizing thousands of emails stolen from the Clinton campaign, which was done to devastating political effect.
But researchers in Australia, using a novel method to gauge how well people drive, have concluded that serious errors are alarmingly commonplace.
More substantively, it is part of the governor’s carefully executed strategy to, as Emma wrote, “humiliate” the M.T.A.
The fish is beautiful, swimming in gold, but is ripped up, with bite marks in its flesh.
Always.” “I’d like to be a role model for women in their middle years who are putting on a few pounds or thinking of slowing down,” she told me.
The Trump administration ordered 46,000 I.R.S.
“I had this collision of the masculinity I had grown up with and what it was to be a man in college, the sensation of a frat bro.
I was returning to it.
Building 77, Brooklyn Navy Yard, 141 Flushing Avenue (Vanderbilt Avenue), 212-475-4880 ext.
His single-mindedness, though clearly an asset to his clients, could also be a liability.
“Our national history of inequality is something that we have yet to succeed in getting rid of.” Early feminists issued a declaration of independence.
I had told her that the anniversary of my father’s suicide was approaching; that he’d never recovered from my mother’s death when I was small; that his torment, tormenting me, had always been a weight around my neck.
How do New York Times journalists use technology in their jobs and in their personal lives?
And it helps them find access to low-cost or free care.
Or a guy I was dating would say, ‘If you ever see an apartment that has X, Y and Z, keep a lookout for me.’ And I would always say, ‘Sure, I will.’ But I didn’t, because I didn’t want to mix things.” But what’s the harm once the lease is signed or the closing over and done?
On Friday, President Trump did what Mr. Kushner had privately insisted was not an option on the table: He folded.
Make a prism of your floating, crying face.
and “fake news.” “Fake news.” Stone strongly denies any wrongdoing in 2016.
“She always has myriad ideas that she’s bandying about that she’ll see if I respond to,” said Mr. Pine, who has spent nearly half of the past three years working on projects with Ms. Jenkins.
Seated at a sleek, Danish modern-inspired table, you can choose from simple gel and polish designs — created exclusively with nontoxic products — or go bare with a buff manicure or rose extract anti-aging treatment.
Mi abuela lloraba por el expresidente Fulgencio Batista, quien huyó de la isla.
Last week it followed up with a more detailed, 871-page proposal on diverting the water.
“Our forecheck has been awesome.
Then she pretended to be a journalist in Tel Aviv and asked a surprising question in English: “Crimea is Ukraine?” “Ukraine, of course,” Ms. Korsun answered.
She also remained galvanized for the task ahead — a fourth-round match on Monday against Venus’s sister, Serena.
As the possibility grows of Britain leaving the E.U.
We have probably squandered the opportunity to avert two degrees of warming, but we can avert three degrees and certainly all the terrifying suffering that lies beyond that threshold.
The revision process could best be summed up, he said, by the change in the film’s title: Originally it was to be called “Nobody Knows.” Communicating with his largely Spanish cast via a team of interpreters was another obstacle, but Farhadi seems to have a gift for connecting with actors on a level deeper than language.
Nor is it clear whether the congressional speech and debate protections would give him legal cover.
Predicting trade policy is therefore about figuring out what’s going on in one man’s mind.
The news came as House Democrats issued subpoenas to three cabinet officials over the administration’s policy of separating migrant families at the southern border.
We’ve identified three types of home cooks among our readers, and created a pantry list for each one.
The same could not be said of Art School, the gender non-binary collective that this season graduated from the bosom of Fashion East, a talent incubator.
Here’s what is up for discussion: • South Korean officials indicated this week that Mr. Trump and Mr. Kim could agree on a joint political statement declaring an official end to the Korean War.
Next to it, a museum visitor is invited to wear a virtual reality helmet and step inside an enlarged rendition of the same double diamond, and to stand for a moment inside its silent, glittering core.
All recruits go through a criminal-background check when they enlist, but that would only detect extremists if they have been charged with a crime related to their beliefs; those who have not can slip through.
The funds are a tax break that was included in the 2017 tax law as a way of drawing money into distressed communities.
But no Republican in either chamber has called for hearings, and it remains unlikely that the Republican-controlled Senate would take up a potentially embarrassing episode involving a respected lawyer who was, until recently, one of Mr. Trump’s least controversial cabinet picks.
El mismo Carvajal ha sido señalado de tráfico de drogas en investigaciones estadounidenses; evitó ser extraditado desde Aruba por esos cargos en 2014 y fue sancionado por el Departamento del Tesoro de Estados Unidos, por haber ayudado a grupos guerrilleros colombianos a traficar cocaína.
“Against all odds, he still persisted,” he said.
“In reality I was a kind of rhetorical handyman, keeping our stump speech up to code.” WHITE HOUSE GHOSTSPresidents and Their SpeechwritersBy Robert Schlesinger579 pages.
“We extend heartfelt condolences to the families and loved ones impacted by this tragic accident.” Lieutenant Riordan said that investigators had notified the National Transportation Safety Board about the fatal crash, per protocol.
I focus on the air going in and out of my body, and it helps me acknowledge the pain, accept it, and get through it until it’s over.
“Trying to go back after the fact and reconstruct all the facts, elements and circumstances will be very difficult, or impossible,” said Greg Feith, a former senior air safety investigator at the agency who is now a private consultant.
“Older women are now saying ‘No, I’m still vibrant, I still have a lot to offer, and I’m not going to be consigned to invisibility,’ ” she said.
“You are the abandoned carcass.” O.K., Zuboff, tell me more.
[Like the Science Times page on Facebook.
Still, the fact that any tremors were recorded may prove a setback for the industry.
After years of surfing the biopic industrial complex as one national idol after another, his role as Black Panther in the “Avengers” films and this year’s eponymous blockbuster, the ninth-highest-grossing movie of all time, has established him as the rare breed of actor with both widely recognized chops and old-school star power — the kind any producer in post-Netflix Hollywood would trade a good kidney to clone in a lab.
A school administrator and substitute teacher were stationed in each large space, trying to keep order for hundreds of children.
“Older Americans have seen their prescription drug prices skyrocket,” said Ms. Georges, a professor of nursing at Lehman College of the City University of New York.
The brewing conflict could affect generations and disrupt the world order, according to Fred Kempe, the chief executive of the think tank Atlantic Council.
New Zealand: The unruly behavior of an English family touring the country — from refusing to pick up garbage left on a beach to throwing food on a cafe floor — captured locals’ unease about a boom in tourism.
First, he apologized for being either the Klansman figure or the student in blackface shown on his Eastern Virginia Medical School yearbook page.
“We don't have big companies helping us; we just have to advocate for ourselves.” [Sign up here to get this column, In Her Words, delivered as a newsletter to your inbox.]
It’s folly to think you can just grow that organically,” said Mr. Lim, the digital strategist.
“Now I’m in the semifinals.
Like they were walking towards us as we were walking to the left of the blast.
“As we go into the election cycle, it is natural and part of our national tradition that one side criticizes the other for China.” Mr. Allen noted that political protest in the United States over China goes back to the country’s inception, with the Boston Tea Party triggered by anger over imports of Chinese tea and that the anti-China sentiment tends to bubble up every four years.
It was 2006, an especially treacherous period of the war.
Her search lasted a year.
“I think it’s amazing,” said Man Nisa, a soft-spoken 19-year-old who had ducked out of her university to pick up a new K-pop album she had ordered from a deliveryman on a motorbike.
Your spirit bird, the bird that sets the tone for your encounters with the world and with others, the bird that guides your heart and your imagination in the coming year.
That ended an era of American spacecraft carrying astronauts to space.
Much of his populist agenda has been embraced by other Democrats, at a time when many voters are eager to elevate female and nonwhite standard bearers.
David Zwirner, for example, in 2016 took on William Eggleston, and in 2018 began sharing representation of the Diane Arbus estate with Fraenkel Gallery in San Francisco.
When Mr. Zakaria, 55, isn’t shooting a live segment for CNN’s Fareed Zakaria GPS — which airs on Sundays and has recently covered everything from the Venezuelan protests to Brexit — he spends time in his cherished study, writing at his messy desk, or cooking, or roaming the city with his daughter, Sofia, 10.
Paying $84 for a Beaucastel, our No.
Después de hablar con Juncker, May se reunió con Donald Tusk, presidente del Consejo Europeo.
Augie and Margo, who studied different forms of dance when they were not dancing in nightclubs, augmented mambo with elements of ballet, jazz and modern dance, adding raw physicality and acrobatics worthy of a gymnast.
Were you born between 1995 and 2010?
Oh, this is so fantastic.
Roughly 270 visitors, including about 60 children, are waiting for one of the two passes leading from the village to open again.
There were no sports in school.
The question of how to find “balance” and “have it all” still comes up in many workshops and panels geared toward women.
Bernal afirmó que el gobierno venezolano perdería un conflicto armado contra Estados Unidos.
You also took this important decision without consulting your wife.
He has long performed in the backing bands for figures like Maxwell, Jay-Z and Rihanna, but these days he is focusing more squarely on his own bandleading career.
The human effects of the shutdown would no longer be so easy for the country to ignore.
“I am speaking out because I want to encourage other victims who I know must be out there to come forward as well,” she added.
“Vinieron muchas personas inocentes, tal vez su coche no tenía suficiente gasolina para mañana, y dijeron que solo tomarían unos pocos litros”, dijo el agricultor Isidoro Velasco, de 51 años, que el domingo esperaba noticias de su sobrino a quien creía probablemente muerto.
She graduated from the Catholic University of America and received a master’s degree in arts administration from Drexel University.
Witnesses said it was set off after a gas cylinder stored at the back of a car exploded.
When the choreographer Aileen Passloff landed at Bennington College in 1949, she was an 18-year-old ballet dancer who had never worn a pair of jeans.
“I looked it up and we decided to come here,” she said.
52-56 Kingsland Road, London E2 8DP, thegroceryshop.co.uk.
“To be clear: There is absolutely no restriction or limitation on the language you use to converse and communicate with each other.
But a special version of the team’s jersey, with a design inspired by Wallace, is at the center of a copyright violation lawsuit against the Nets, the N.B.A.
There is a large collection, but it’s in my studio.
“Algo evita que el tábano se dé cuenta de que está cerca de aterrizar”, dijo Caro.
And clearly, they weren’t ready to do that.
“We wanted to get married somewhere that’s isn’t a wedding factory,” said Ms. Grossan, a founder of Brooklyn FI, a financial planning firm geared to creatives and tech entrepreneurs in New York.
It’s impossible to do presentations.
From this perspective, the cyclorama was a war memorial, a tribute to principled courage, a lament for a noble “Lost Cause.” What made this sanguine reading of the cyclorama possible was not so much what was in the painting as in what was left out: the human cost.
Hours later, Mr. Trump continued his broadside on a friendly television venue, Jeanine Pirro’s show on Fox News.
Añadió que estaba tan en pánico que sí se dirigió a la asamblea pese a que no tenía realmente ninguna reunión programada ahí.
The bride, 31, is a senior partnership executive in New York for LiveRamp, a data company enabling marketers to unify customer databases.
That’s a difference of some $2.7 billion, making Mr. Trump, you guessed it, a self-made billionaire.
“She was not in a position to give consent to any of this,” Sgt.
When the president stopped to speak with reporters outside the White House that morning before departing for Texas, he already had a clean bandage on his right hand.
Buspirone prescriptions dispensed in the United States rose to 13.5 million in 2017 from 10.2 million in 2015, with the number estimated to reach nearly 15 million last year, according to IQVIA, a health care technology and data analytics provider.
They were adorable during scenes of budding romance.
It’s not as clear what the end goals are for Barry and BoJack.
Ignorando el trasfondo del problema —la violencia de género sistémica en el país—, la nacionalidad del asesino le permitió al presidente desplazar el problema del machismo en Ecuador para enfocarse en la migración desde Venezuela.
Putting with the flagstick in the hole, he is ranked No.
Brazilian federal and state prosecutors said in a news release that the five arrests, as well as seven search warrants that were executed, were “aimed at investigating criminal responsibility for the rupture.” The arrests were focused on individuals who had been involved in the most recent safety and environmental survey, which concluded that the dam was “stable.” According to the arrest warrant, the five men will be held for an initial 30 days and could be charged with participating in homicide, false representation and environmental crimes.
La Unión Europea rechazó una respuesta violenta y el Grupo de Lima pidió a la Corte Penal Internacional que considere un crimen de lesa humanidad el bloqueo de alimentos y medicinas ordenado por Nicolás Maduro.
What do you like about the season?
And I will tell you, I would love if I was just covered fairly.
Washington’s quarterback, Jake Browning, helped generate two additional scoring drives in the fourth quarter, both on Gaskin rushes, the latter with just 42 seconds left in the game.
Some insiders at Facebook are alleging he did so to get the heat off Apple’s troubles.
Other Japanese companies, too, are not waiting for reassurance.
For the other, December is just another month on the path to, well, whatever might come after graduation.
Secret Service officials said the pin did not signify that she had passed any security clearance.
Investigadores que recopilaron una base de datos sobre los hábitos digitales de los equipos de Microsoft descubrieron que la señal más clara sobre la ineficiencia de un gerente era su tardanza para responder correos electrónicos.
Prosecutors said Mr. Reichberg was a “fix-it guy” who used his relationships in the Police Department to help people with arrests and traffic violations for a fee.
intervention, Dr. Gitlin’s analysis shows, was a comparatively modest $942 per person in 2009.
The recent election of conservative leaders in key Latin American nations, including Brazil, Colombia and Chile, makes that prospect more plausible than in past years.
(The suspect was convicted, but an appellate court ultimately overturned it.)
So when the painting was found, and it became clear Mr. Bolen would have to talk to the building’s owners, whom he had never met (the lease had been negotiated through a broker), his relative was able to make the introductions.
One of Mr. Garden Acosta’s first encounters with racism was when he was 9.
It was absolutely not possible in the case of the antique egg incubator she bought at the Brooklyn shop Sterling Place.
Right in the middle of Panjim’s historic quarter, Mateus (432 Rua 31 de Janeiro, Fontainhas, Panaji; doubles from 3,000 rupees) is a nine-room boutique hotel set in a 140-year-old Portuguese home.
Cien millones de dólares: ese es el monto que, según un testigo, el expresidente mexicano Enrique Peña Nieto habría recibido de parte de narcotraficantes por orden de Joaquín “el Chapo” Guzmán Loera.
Faith Wykle, 19, said the presidential election and its aftermath also played a role in why she chose Smith College, an all-women’s school, even though she had assumed she would go to a coed institution.
“The first goal is to move music therapy forward as a discipline,” she said.
The president has rejected the Paris agreement on climate change and rolled back Obama-era limits on carbon dioxide from coal-fired power plants and methane emissions from oil and gas facilities, while doing all he can to open more lands and waters to oil and gas exploration.
to find the right steward for the team moving forward.” The Associated Press first reported news of the potential sale.
He’s smart, too,” she added.
He is now staying at his in-laws’ house in Mumbai, waiting for the next shoe to drop.
Instead, archaeologists retreated to a much more modest and fine-comb preoccupation with what they called the “processual”: very particular inquiries into very particular societal dynamics.
She was funny, fierce and tender.
Lethal in appearance, but harmless.
money, a number of people coming in didn’t take any L.L.C.
As it happens, Shelly was one of two directors of counseling there; the other, Lynn Starkey, 62, is in a same-sex civil union and in November filed her own charge of discrimination with the E.E.O.C., claiming a “hostile work environment” in the aftermath of Shelly’s departure.
No sé cómo terminaré el año que inicia ni cuánto tiempo podré postergar mi jubilación.
Just in the time we’ve been working on “Binge Mode,” I think we’ve read them four times.
For the most part, the Big Four had to self-finance.
The climax, so to speak, is a murky swirl of limbs under hazy red light, a finish that demonstrates the limits of Noé’s immersive method.
But the indictment itself is quite serious in finally making a link between the Trump campaign and WikiLeaks.
Ms. Jackson Lee has adamantly denied that she fired the woman for retribution after the woman indicated she wanted to pursue legal action.
“I remember seeing a couple of tall, blond guys in the crowd at one game,” Weiner said.
The encounter became the latest touch point for racial and political tensions in America, with diverging views about what really had happened.
“I wish they could be there, it’s not a road at all,” Rudd said.
He then sued the Prince George for violating New York State’s civil rights laws, winning a settlement that put the city’s hotels on notice that discrimination could carry a financial cost.
Katie Perkins, who is a front officer manager at the Four Seasons Hotel Westlake Village near Los Angeles, said that when she had to walk a business traveler, she tried to offer something meaningful.
Trying to get back to the puzzle page?
El dispositivo ideal no involucraría agujas o la extracción de sangre.
I’m going to highlight that, and then we’ll let folks know that in the years to come everybody is going to count in this country, including the people of Puerto Rico.
Guard dogs are tolerated, but keeping them as pets is a step too far.
Sé que muchas familias querrán adoptar esta tecnología”, comentó.
It was the first of three first-half touchdowns for Michel, who rushed for 129 yards.
Los dos procuradores identificados en el caso contra el Mencho fueron parte del equipo de la fiscalía en el proceso contra Guzmán Loera.
If Mr. Trump can get the production of nuclear fuel at Yongbyon stopped, he will have at least “frozen” the North’s program, though it may already have 30 nuclear weapons.
“It’s nice then.” Whatever happens Saturday, Kvitova feels as if she has already won.
Mientras tanto, rentará una casa similar por un costo que se equipara al pago mensual de su hipoteca.
He sat beside me and pointed out a typo on my menu.
The next year, she was acquitted of criminal charges, but not before she had become a media sensation and the butt of scores of jokes, which often ignored evidence that she’d been a victim of domestic violence.
Every hour had a setup, a good guy and a bad guy, and action, and the good guy wins at the end.” Lillian Pierce, a mathematics professor at Duke, took a class taught by Dr. Stein during her freshman year at Princeton.
There’s the sense that he and members of his family — they feel that somebody who is as exalted a leader on the world stage should be treated accordingly.
A couple of days after the Philadelphia trip, after she’d devoured the rest of the cheesesteak at 4 a.m., she called to talk about it.
Trump himself has been unable to feign empathy for the 800,000 federal employees who haven’t been paid in more than a month, or the hundreds of thousands of government contractors who likely won’t be paid at all.
ROGER CARASSO SANTA FE, N.M. To the Editor: In her splendid review of Michelle Obama’s “Becoming” (Dec. 23), Isabel Wilkerson referred to the first lady’s garden and promotion of nutrition for children as “apolitical.” As the author of “Food Politics” and other books on this topic, I viewed her efforts to improve the quality of school meals as anything but.
Since September alone, the United States has launched about 2,100 air and artillery strikes in Afghanistan.
I think temperatures were colder in 2007.” The finish rate has been as low as 20 percent and as high as 82 percent, he said.
Our elected representatives, who operate in a political environment where Israel's political lobby holds well-documented power, have consistently minimized and deflected criticism of the State of Israel, even as it has grown more emboldened in its occupation of Palestinian territory and adopted some practices reminiscent of apartheid in South Africa and Jim Crow segregation in the United States.
“What happened to me?” Graham asked in Greenville.
Nineteen people were charged with exploiting girls at the Hawthorne Cedar Knolls center as part of a sex-trafficking ring.
• Our critics and writers weigh in on the best and worst moments of the 61st annual Grammy awards.
But by thrusting himself squarely into the debate, as Mr. Macron did in Souillac, and showing his command of all the subjects thrown at him, the president has clawed back lost ground in the population at large.
Fish food priced $13 at her store, she said, could sell for $5 at the pet store site Chewy.com.
Most of us have already done our mourning and bemoaning, our breast-beating about the digital future.
This project is unlike any I’ve advised before, with a huge cast of personae acting out a family drama.
A menudo se reunió con Arias sobre su labor de desarme nuclear, y dijo que estaba en casa de él a finales de 2014 cuando él se colocó detrás de ella, tocó sus senos y metió sus manos por debajo de su falda para penetrarla con sus dedos.
In a since-deleted statement, the group had said that Professor Davis, who retired from the University of California, Santa Cruz, in 2008, “does not meet all of the criteria on which the award is based.” But, on Friday, Andrea L. Taylor, the institute’s president and chief executive, reaffirmed Professor Davis’s qualifications.
“It’s going to get worse before it gets better,” Dr. Klawe said.
Make slow cooker chili (above), Alison Roman’s cauliflower gratin or any of the recipes in the collection below.
Yet the Miramonti, built on porphyry rock amid a thicket of trees, still has miles of woodland paths just out its back door, and the Merano 2000 ski slopes are a short shuttle ride away.
Mr. Englebright, an SBU-educated geologist, was instrumental in making a mile-long spit of parkland at West Meadow Beach available for public use.
El caos político escaló esta semana cuando un líder opositor, Juan Guaidó, se juramentó como el presidente encargado de Venezuela.
Hay cosas que podemos hacer para ayudar a la vida marina, dijo Harvell.
Criteria for evaluating fiction will be discussed in class.
So why is Mr. Cuomo doing all of this?
But he quickly added: “I am not ready to retire.
Democrats could overreach, by quickly impeaching Trump and thereby uniting Republicans.
As Bedford and I drove back to town, the only visible graffiti was a reminder of regional Melanesian pride: “Free West Papua,” a show of racial solidarity with the black residents of the western half of New Guinea, a persecuted colonial possession of Indonesia since the early 1960s.
The Abilify MyCite pill doesn’t come cheap: It will cost $1,650 a month, significantly more than the $30-to-$40-a-month cost of a generic version of the Abilify pill.
Protesting about garbage is considered a safer alternative.
“What I miss was the collaboration,” Graham said.
Activists said they planned to demolish many menstruation huts starting next month.
For once, somehow, a little honesty crept into one of Trump’s proclamations.
The panel cited two specific programs that have been successful: “Mothers and Babies,” which includes cognitive behavioral therapy in eight to 17 group sessions, with at least two of those sessions after childbirth, and “Reach Out, Stay Strong, Essentials for New Moms” or ROSE, typically delivered in four sessions during pregnancy and one postpartum.
You can sign up here to receive it each weekday.
I’m not really sure why they’re bothering with a Super Bowl this year.
Just about every conservative worth reading was provoked into responding.
Television shows are in the works: During my visit, at the site of the school’s first headquarters in Weimar, a German production company was filming a six-part dramatic mini-series with the working title “Bauhaus: The New Era.” The floors were strewn with piles of camera equipment and period newspapers, and I waited for a mustachioed, cream-suited, fictional Gropius to finish conducting business in the real Gropius’s original office before I could make my visit.
“We can make our communities safer, our families stronger, our culture richer,” Mr. Trump said early in his address.
Migrant shelters overflowed and conditions in them quickly worsened.
So take the “busy” badge, throw it in the trash and replace it with one that says “rested.” And after you do, don’t go post about it on Twitter.
Mr. Ridley, who imports motorcycle parts, predicted that a no-deal Brexit would mean “slightly more paperwork until we get it sorted,” but certainly nothing serious, and there was no one in the Hare and Hounds who disagreed.
The 1975 picture is on view at Howard Greenberg Gallery in the exhibition “The Color Work,” devoted to Ms. Maier’s color photography, in tandem with a new book.
Appealing purely on gender terms is an insult to women, who want to be equal to men for their ability.
But, with or without it, he’s content just to sit in his chair and watch the sun set over the harbor.
But it’s a mistake to think that regional divides are the source of the nation’s core economic problems.
Today’s the big day for Gavin Newsom.
You know, I appreciate him not brushing over it.” Smollett also addressed a threatening letter that was sent to Fox studios in Chicago before the attack, which the F.B.I.
His service return hit the baseline but was called out.
With a lot of more than a half-acre and an expansive, parklike backyard, it seemed promising, if not what they initially had in mind.
And people just don’t like her because she’s so perfect.” Until she was well into her teenage years, Gold said, she didn’t fixate on her weight and never counted calories.
(Start stands for Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty.)
“Wait —” is a weekly newsletter in which Caity Weaver investigates an unanswered (and possibly unasked) question in the news and pop culture.
Before him, there were terriers who hunted foxes; after him, there were, officially, fox terriers.
CNBC reports that unidentified officials from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce believe a deal would be meaningless if there aren’t mechanisms such as automatic tariff increases to punish China if it fails to keep its promises.
Scientists hope the rocks and dirt in the area will add to the understanding of the moon’s geology.
Nor did he forget the critical dialogue of forms, tonalities and textures mastered in his early abstractions.
After initially hanging up the phone, Hartling emailed a one-line reply: “Ly is a criminal who will be pursued accordingly.” Asked about Ly in a text message, Adam Pietrowski, the player agent who had brought Hartling to Wisla and was briefly club president, replied with an emoji: a sad face with a Pinocchio nose.
I got the idea for the plot after “The Hate U Give,” when I began to deal with challenges to the novel, people trying to censor it.
Which is like, Oh, right.
“When we met each other, it was really, ‘Who’s going to be the first one to break, who will outwork who?’” Gase said.
Now, however, we are at breakthrough.
While it’s fair game to criticize his business, if done with fairness and accuracy, American Media went too far.
• Al describir el funcionamiento interno del Cártel de Sinaloa, la organización a la que pertenece el Chapo, uno de los dirigentes de operaciones del grupo, Jesús Zambada García, dio una clase magistral sobre el funcionamiento del cártel: detalló sus métodos de transporte, técnicas de financiamiento y principales participantes.
Earlier Tuesday, Senate Democrats voted against advancing a package of bipartisan Middle East policy bills slated for consideration this week to further press Republicans.
You’ve known both of these men for years.
of AbbVie, the company that makes Humira, will appear at Tuesday’s hearing.
Arenado is almost 28, and the Colorado Rockies are now committed to him through 2026, when he will turn 35.
He rejected the election as not credible.
“Is your oath of office to Donald Trump or is it to the Constitution of the United States?” Speaker Nancy Pelosi asked her Republican colleagues in a speech on the floor ahead of the vote.
The World Anti-Doping Association’s compliance review committee will meet in Montreal, the organization’s home city, on Monday and Tuesday to discuss a problem that will not go away — Russia’s antidoping laboratories, and what to do about the country missing a key end-of-year deadline.
After black Marines tried to forcibly break up a Klan meeting, they were charged with assault, while 17 Klan members were transferred to other bases to “defuse the situation,” as a commander said at the time, instead of being disciplined.
In addition, the alliance demanded more transparency about the prices the benefit managers pay drug companies and a greater say in which drugs would be covered.
“Es el tipo de proyecto pedagógico que ahora podría imaginarse posible con el internet y las redes sociales”, agregó, “pero en esa época y por el alcance que tuvo fue un momento sin precedentes para un museo”.
The accounts have been corroborated by family members or friends who were present at the time, as well as by correspondence from Mr. Adams reviewed by The Times.
We don’t need to treat robots like people because they don’t have feelings but with this I do not want to say that they should be damage.
“Norman had the extraordinary ability with his lyrics to capture the human condition with never an excessive word to describe a feeling or an action,” Mr. Fox, the composer, said in a statement after his writing partner’s death.
I buy when I see something and think I have to have this.
A terrace or rooftop, equipped with Wi-Fi and electrical outlets, can be another option.
Ottavino’s father, John, an actor based in Brooklyn, is also there.
“The killings are a message to the people of the country that they should not go out with their children,” he said.
The position, which dates back to the 1920s, is as paradoxical as the institution, which is given the authority to make great changes but also given as many tools to impede those changes as to enact them.
25 percent That’s how much the number of baby boomer — or age 50 or older — consumers grew last year, making them one of the fastest growing demographics for cannabis use.
Amy Liu is vice president and director of the Metropolitan Policy Program at the Brookings Institution.
Stein started his career covering the Clippers and then the Lakers for The Los Angeles Daily News, before moving to The Dallas Morning News as a Mavericks beat reporter and eventually a national columnist.
The fact is on the very first day of this Congress, House Democrats passed Senate Republican legislation to reopen government and fund smart, effective border security solutions.
El nuevo presidente de Brasil, Jair Bolsonaro, emitió ayer un decreto que hace más fácil adquirir y portar armas en el país, una medida que había prometido en la campaña, porque asegura que ayudará a la gente a protegerse de criminales.
But Guerra plays with the expectation one might have of an authoritative account of the island during the normalizing of United States-Cuba relations.
In a 2015 piece about the need for schools to focus on these skills to “improve grades and lives,” The New York Times’s Fixes columnist introduces the movement this way: [There is a] growing body of evidence — including long-term studies drawn from data in New Zealand and Britain — that have profound implications for educators.
In 1994, Anna Paquin, then 12, won best supporting actress for “The Piano,” becoming the second youngest Oscar winner.
When I talked to Sander Bijl by phone this past December, after his dispute with Six had been batted around in the Dutch media for a couple of months, he suggested that Six’s effort to erase Bijl’s involvement in the painting’s purchase came out of Six’s struggle with his inner demons: “He has a problem with the burden of the Six name, and he feels he needs to prove himself.
Chicago Bulls (10-33) Jim Boylen is still running some long practices, but things have mellowed (at least somewhat) between the Bulls and their feisty new coach after the initial wave of wind sprints, push-ups and disagreements.
“That’s a huge hurdle for us.” Driving along Route 28 in the Catskills, once you pass Belleayre, with its prominent signage, you have to continue along for several more miles before switching to a small, slow, winding road that leads to a dumpy, blink-and-you’ll-miss-it turnoff.
His handwriting is atrocious, according to one member of the defense team.
But he has said before that he is not alarmed about the indignity of ending his storied career by losing a primary.
He suspects that his employees signed in and out of the company’s Facebook account from personal accounts, and all of that activity caused the company’s page to be flagged as suspicious.
“Ahora estoy muy agradecida”, dijo sobre su hija de seis meses, Emerson.
“Jasper and I literally traded ideas,” Rauschenberg told Calvin Tomkins in his 1980 biography “Off the Wall.” After they parted ways, each remained a celebrated artist, but their respective roles shifted.
So Apple has increasingly relied on enticing existing customers to toss their old iPhones for faster, slimmer, pricier successors.
If his right-hand passagework did not always sparkle, it hardly mattered, for all the genial warmth and integrity of his playing.
Boston also lost its starting goalie, Tuukka Rask, to a concussion late in the first period.
They turned the intercepts over to the Tsipras government, which had previously refused to discipline Russia for the poisoning of a former spy and his daughter in Britain and which had argued against Western sanctions.
“It was in her nature.” The House of Commons has approved the presumed consent bill.
France, Germany and Britain recently formed a trading company aimed at allowing European and Iranian firms to exchange food and medicine, relying on a barter system to get around sanctions.
For work, it depends on what I’m working on.
One player changed the calculus.
Back then, he and his older brother, Nash, would escape to national parks and collect blue-tongued lizards for pets.
Whatever he does, Mr. Cook faces enormous expectations.
“Even in the top 10 picks, only about 80 percent will find their way into a rotation.” The Spurs’ foundation and selfless identity were built with David Robinson and Tim Duncan, both No.
Inside, guests, priests and the press filled the floor and gallery of the mansion’s Round Room.
Trump avoided some of his most blatant lies about immigration and the border wall last night, but the entire premise of the speech — a crisis!
Los últimos seis meses han sido, en sus palabras, “un extraño contraste”; se ha visto obligada a hablar, y mucho, algo a lo cual no está acostumbrada.
Her husband had a diagnosis.
We’re experimenting with the format of New York Today.
Immigrant advocates said that hype and false promises had attracted a group that was somewhat unrepresentative of typical asylum seekers.
She had wanted a “rich and vibrant conversation” about the church’s language, she said.
His father was a member of the British Indian Civil Service.
An Australian import with locations in TriBeCa and NoLIta, Two Hands, an airy breakfast and lunch spot with whitewashed brick walls and a canopy of string lights and hanging plants, offers all-day cafe staples with a slight twist: Avocado toast comes with sesame seeds, pickled shallots and chiles; açai bowls are topped with toasted pepitas and bee pollen; and granola is served over passion fruit yogurt.
As her health deteriorated, her sister said, she became involved with the Colorado Cross-Disability Coalition, which works for equal rights for people with any kind of disability.
But the character saw such beauty in human life that he wanted it for himself.
“This should be a bipartisan issue, and yet there is not a single Republican member of Congress that’s a co-sponsor,” said Vanita Gupta, who testified before the panel in her role as the president and chief executive of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights.
People who live around the lakes can ice skate in the winter and swim, fish and boat during the summer.
Just 24 hours later, however, those negotiations were frozen because of an ethics complaint filed by Winker after he noticed that of all the people who spoke on behalf of the project before the city commission that will decide its fate, none had properly registered as a lobbyist.
The military is keen to ensure absolute control.
You said you brought some checks, is that right?
The sheriff’s office released that sketch on Thursday.
Likewise, many Trump supporters have grown weary of overseas military ventures that never seem to end and therefore applaud his moves to bring home American troops.
“A los mexicanos eso ya no nos mortifica”, dijo.
Ford said Thursday that it would offer electric versions of its new passenger vehicles.
So, after protests from Congress and concern from allies, it was up to Mr. Bolton to talk his boss into slowing down the pullout, senior administration officials said.
After years of lagging behind other states, New York radically overhauled its system of voting and elections on Monday, passing several bills that would allow early voting, preregistration of minors, voting by mail and sharp limits on the influence of money.
The news of the reopening came after flights were delayed in the Northeast, with the Federal Aviation Administration blaming it on a shortage of air traffic controllers as a result of the government shutdown.
We had help from Tyson Evans, Phoebe Lett and Ian Prasad Philbrick.
(FT) • GlaxoSmithKline will look to buy early-stage assets and make partnerships, said the drugmaker’s chief executive, Emma Walmsley.
Handily, Amazon is also an advertising platform — you can pay for people to see your product when they search for or look at certain things.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and insisted that the blackface he once wore was not indicative of the type of person he is today.
This time around, with the Democrats controlling the House, some of those dissenters are seeking ways to hold the Saudi government accountable without invoking the War Powers Act.
The drug, which is used along with insulin, is being developed by the drug makers Sanofi and Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, who plan to sell it under the brand name Zynquista.
The crisis, also marked by human rights abuses and the repression of the political opposition, has driven more than three million Venezuelans to flee the country, threatening to destabilize the region and putting immense pressure on nearby nations, including Colombia and Brazil, that have struggled to absorb the influx.
And contrary to tradition, both the Gulch Pub, which will serve standard après-ski fare (wings, burgers, $14 cocktails) and Swen’s fine-dining restaurant, with a $42 Wagyu zabuton steak with duck fat potatoes, will be open to the public.
I spent many late nights in the 1980s holed up in hotel rooms on the road, often in the company of a much older woman wearing a negligee and a Tony medallion.
Several factors led to a smaller deal, including market volatility and the reluctance of investors to sell shares to SoftBank.
“They need to take into account social issues and public perception.” The two cases, in some ways, are very different.
Russell was 6 for 14 from beyond the arc.
The last time she had been on the job market, Ms. Burns said, “I wanted the ability to work remotely, and of course I wanted the biggest paycheck I could get.” Now she had a different priority: fertility coverage.
As much as she resents her father’s prejudices, she is proud of the outdoor skills he has taught her.
In response, the Russians provided the supposed findings of an investigation that “purported to exonerate all Russian government personnel” and instead cast blame on the London-based chief executive of Hermitage, William F. Browder; his lawyer, Mr. Magnitsky; and others, the indictment said.
The arctic spots where winter itself is under threat.
Chinese academics recently issued a stark warning: The country is facing its most precipitous population decline in decades, a trend that could have far-reaching economic and political consequences.
Berkeley and has reported all over the state, including the Bay Area, Bakersfield and Los Angeles — but she always wants to see more.
Conservatives (like me) were heedless when we became more concerned about the state of democracy in Iraq than in Iowa.
That calculus makes tiny Locast, whose modest website (“Help us free your TV!”) asks for donations starting at $5, perhaps the most audacious media experiment in years.
“You don’t make Parliament go away,” he said.
She barely noticed Taylor Swift and her boyfriend, Joe Alwyn, who moved so fluidly across the red carpet and then immediately out a side door that they seemed to be passing through some kind of celebrity digestive tract.
Why You Should Learn to Say ‘No’ More Often When we dole out an easy yes instead of a difficult no, we tend to overcommit our time, our energy and even our finances.
She is a daughter of Janet E. Ribardo of Lakewood Ranch, Fla., and Alan J. Brandt of West Nyack, N.Y.
At a firmwide meeting on Jan. 14, he discussed a new task force in which partners will work alongside female and minority associates to develop ideas for improving their career prospects at the firm.
After the initial articles about Harvey Weinstein were published in 2017, Mr. Crews accused Adam Venit, an executive at a prominent talent agency, of having groped him.
By the time it concluded, Virginia’s Legislative Black Caucus had already reaffirmed their own call for the governor to quit.
Electronic scooters, he said, are part of an emerging realm of the share economy: the complicated liability economy.
Bail would also become less of a problem if judges simply used alternatives to cash bail already on the books, Ms. Luongo explained.
In previous scenes, we’ve seen him struggling with how he’s been living a lie of sorts.
Ursula Casamonti, director of Tornabuoni Art’s British branch, said, “It will be a long process, but if it’s really complicated and a hard situation with imports, I will close the London gallery.” If the withdrawal agreement between London and the European Union is ratified by British lawmakers, existing trading arrangements will remain in place during a transition period lasting until the end of 2020, when a new, as yet undecided customs framework will come into force.
Una vida borrosa que quiero que quede más enfocada.
Unless party leaders draw and enforce meaningful boundaries and develop a more appealing economic agenda for the Republican rank-and-file, the party will continue its dance with extremists after Mr. Trump departs the scene.
Wages aren’t the only things rising.
Today, he said: “I never received any compensation from Nissan that was not disclosed, nor did I ever enter into any binding contract with Nissan to be paid a fixed amount that was not disclosed.” In 2016, a report from two respected Ivy League economists found that on-call, freelance or contract-to-contract work was reshaping the U.S. job market — a change driven forward in part by platforms like Uber and Task Rabbit.
Señaló que reducir la cantidad de proteína animal podría “hacer que empeoren los casos de desnutrición, aumentar el desperdicio de alimentos y distraer a la gente de las prioridades más importantes para abordar las emisiones de gases de efecto invernadero”.
Broken glass was strewn around, and furniture was turned over, it said.
Not of the far-right kind; of the most branded, uncontroversial, personal/company history kind.
MARC COHN at City Winery (Jan. 6, 7:30 p.m.).
“The rampant breakdowns and lack of accountability this shows should be Exhibit A as state legislators and state law enforcement officials demand justice for student loan borrowers,” he said.
A recent letter to the editor took The Times to task for not running enough letters from women.
Like Chamberlain, some of the greatest practitioners made every one of their triple-doubles when triple-doubles were not even a thing.
MOLLY’S GAME (2017) 6:40 p.m. on Showtime.
I had thirds of this dish.
She is raising money for a pilot program, but she said any solution would take time.
Ralph Northam of Virginia; it shows one student dressed as a Ku Klux Klan member and another in blackface.
After failing to finish a World Cup super-G on Sunday as she battles pain in both of her knees, Vonn said an early retirement “is a possibility.” “But I’m emotional right now,” Vonn quickly added.
The question is how to deal with the desperate requests for money.
Those punny phrases are homophones of a common phrase that could also belong there, if we ever were to say such a thing.
Ms. Guitar’s brothers gave her their flat-top Gibson guitar when she was 13.
Although many of its leaders have been killed, the group’s caliph, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, and several of his top deputies, are believed to be alive.
“You can point fingers at both sides,” said Jason Griffin, 44.
Me encanta descubrir voces e historias nuevas.
“That’s part of being a consistent team.
There is typically little communication between doctors and law enforcement to plan for their discharge.
It may awaken memories of when the two were younger, fresher, but not necessarily better, versions of what they are today, when they seem far and away the two best on the planet, their old rivals diminished or injured or close to retirement, their new rivals not ready yet.
“Usually we had 80 to 90 extra hours” per month, said Zhang Zhi, 25, who had worked two years at the factory but was now standing in the quitting line.
A federal corrections officer took a side job driving for Uber to make his mortgage payment.
Muchos han hecho un llamado a favor de entubar el río y desviar sus aguas para filtrar sus contaminantes.
Mr. Yunker said it has become increasingly difficult to operate a business in New York, but “it’s very difficult to leave New York.” “That’s not a solution,” said Mr. Yunker, a Republican who does not support Mr. Trump.
So the Martels bought out a movie theater showing, invited 80 of their closest friends and treated it like a party.
“Don’t ask for forgiveness when it’s discovered,” said Mr. Dillard, 30.
The pardoning of Richard Nixon sent the message to people like Mr. Trump that they are above the law.
Symptoms commonly include fever, headaches and stiff necks.
Liberals are agitating for measures such as abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the agency that carries out deportations, or killing funding for immigration detention beds and enforcement agents.
“In addition to the lives lost, the dire security situation is preventing many Afghans from enjoying their economic, social and cultural rights, with thousands of children already handicapped for life because of attacks on schools and medical facilities,” Ms. Bachelet, the United Nations official, said in a statement.
Corey Johnson, the Council speaker, stepped down from the dais and hugged Ms. Headley.
El alto mando militar venezolano dijo en público que mantiene su respaldo a Nicolás Maduro como presidente, un revés a los planes de la oposición de lograr que las fuerzas armadas rompan filas y ayuden a que cambie la situación del país, que lleva un tiempo encaminado al autoritarismo.
Mark J. Marsen, director de recursos humanos de Allies for Health & Well Being, una agencia en Pittsburgh para pacientes con VIH y otras enfermedades de transmisión sexual, afirmó que las faltas por enfermedad “están sanas y salvas” en su empresa, aunque la semántica ha cambiado.
They are available through companies such as Ancestry, 23andMe, AfricanAncestry.com and MyHeritage, and typically entail a saliva sample or cheek swab; the results arrive via email or mail within three to six weeks.
“We’re not criminals,” he said at his lawyer’s office, while puffing from a Juul he kept in a black leather pouch fastened to a chain around his neck.
Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the I.M.F., warned against an overreliance on central banks, urging countries to strengthen their economies through fiscal and structural changes.
“En este momento parece muy poco probable que May consiga que autoricen su acuerdo”, comentó Grant.
“Way, way back.” The plan, first proposed in 1890, was approved.
This may come in several forms: You might turn inward and use the time to think.
Rompe con las etiquetas (nunca le preguntes si pertenece al surrealismo o al realismo mágico) y se llama a sí misma “cómplice” de sus modelos.
GLAZER I can’t wait to be real friends that aren’t working all the time.
Communication was a little off.
“On Monday, I will be asking, ‘Have we got the data?’ and if the answer is no, it will be a short discussion,” said Taylor, a lawyer based in London.
It can be over years and decades, or across land and sea, as it is in “Song of Solomon,” by Toni Morrison, or “My Name Is Red,” by Orhan Pamuk.
Industrial-state House districts that changed from Republican to Democratic representation in 2018 tended to be economically better off than their states overall.
“It is a big problem,” Mr. Qubati said.
Third-ranked Alexander Zverev cruised to a 6-3, 6-4 win over Gabor Borsos in the first reverse singles as the countries opted to play out the remaining matches in Frankfurt.
Students said that after the confrontation with the Hebrew Israelites, they began doing school spirit chants.
He is a big guy.
لقد أدهشني ٠ا ل٠يُدرج في برنا٠ج السيد بو٠بيو: الناشطات السعوديات الشجاعات، ال٠حتجزات في سجون ال٠٠لكة بسبب ٠ساعيهن لنيل الحقوق والكرا٠ة.
— MANNY FERNANDEZ, reporting from McAllen, Tex.
Though the Fyre documentaries are stocked with associates who swear to McFarland’s charm, he appears to have all the appeal of a sentient airport lounge.
WASHINGTON — President Trump demanded on Tuesday that a freshman lawmaker from Minnesota resign after she posted tweets deemed anti-Semitic even by fellow Democrats, but those tweets echoed some of the same insinuations about Jews and money that he has trafficked in for years, as a candidate and president.
“That’s where he killed people,” Mr. Galvan said.
“I’ve run through snow that was four feet deep,” Mr. Lund said in a phone interview.
My Brother’s Keeper’s participants are less like my wealthy law school classmates and more like my brothers, cousins and childhood friends.
Mr. Pepper goes in the morning.
Tactical boots, ordered from paramilitary sites.
Debes saber que verás las consecuencias de inmediato: pasarás más tiempo con amigos y familia en persona.
“The thing I’m most proud of is how psychiatry is becoming increasingly recognized as a real biomedical science,” he replied.
El robot explorador Opportunity de la NASA tomó más de 21.000 fotografías durante los catorce años en los que viajó por Marte.
And with security concerns all over the world, private clubs are a comfortable refuge where patrons have been vetted.” Robin Lee Allen, 34, a private-equity fund manager and Babson College alum who belonged to the Princeton Club of New York, moved from New York to San Francisco in 2016 and used reciprocal privileges at the 19th-century University Club of San Francisco, atop Nob Hill.
A Twitter acquaintance who calls herself a “genealogy geek” needs only a family tree on Ancestry.com showing a first cousin previously unknown to Shapiro and a few web searches to locate the man who turns out to be Shapiro’s biological father — a decidedly non-Jewish doctor in Oregon who went to medical school at Penn.
Not so with Atlanta United, which won its first M.L.S.
Y sumemos a los músicos, pintores, escultores, que han llevado adelante su trabajo.
But when the zoo closed, Mr. Quinn found himself home, racking his brain about how to make ends meet.
They’re coaching the rebels with how to introduce themselves to the world.
But real, meaningful relationships thrive when they’re face-to-face.
Koch — who played the principal victim of totalitarianism in “The Lives of Others” — plays this monster with true movie-star panache.
But plans can quickly go awry.
لذا آ٠ل أن يبادر الكونغرس بالتحقيق في علاقتنا بالسعودية وطرح الأسئلة الصعبة حول سبب التزا٠نا الص٠ت عند٠ا يقو٠حلفاؤنا بتعذيب ا٠رأة تسعى للحصول على حقوق ٠تساوية.
Trout, 27, has won two Most Valuable Player Awards with the Los Angeles Angels and is the consensus best player in baseball.
(Because the High End will not have a dispensary license, Beboe representatives will take customers’ orders for delivery.)
When Uber and Lyft go public this year, their founders, top executives and investors are set to reap billions of dollars in new wealth.
Several months later, they had their first meaningful interaction at an East Village bar, when she recognized him as the well-remembered friend-of-a-friend and struck up a conversation with him.
Colin O’Brady, enero de 2019 El 3 de noviembre, un avión Twin Otter con esquíes bajó de un cielo azul cobalto y aterrizó en la barrera de hielo Filchner-Ronne, ubicada al extremo oeste de la Antártida.
who writes for JazzTimes, DownBeat and others Giovanni Russonello, who covers jazz for The New York Times
It was a terrific burden.” Read the article here.
Nowadays, jaw-dropping technical displays are the norm for Potter, but this band can still get something new out of him.
Limos idled at the curb.
Still, if there was any real takeaway from the Grammys fashion, it was the range of styles on display on a night that finally put women front and center.
“In turn, underrepresented minority students report feelings of isolation and unfair pressure to represent their race or ethnicity — effects that further impede education.” In the Harvard case, the plaintiffs are arguing that Harvard suppresses the number of Asian-American students admitted by holding them to a higher standard on grades and test scores, and by reaching for racial stereotypes to downgrade their applications.
are largely too weak to require much enforcement.)
Three of the defendants, Alistair Tamlit, Edward Thacker and Melanie Strickland, were sentenced to nine months in jail, suspended for 18 months, the BBC reported from the court.
A Shotgun Under Her Bed, This Afghan Maverick Wants No Peace With Taliban: Laila Haidari’s popular Kabul restaurant, where men and women dine freely together, finances her drug treatment center.
The grief is going to be with me the rest of my life no matter where I live, but here I feel the closeness of him.
The lengthy search, begun after Brian Krzanich was forced out in June for a past affair with a subordinate, illustrates the difficulty of finding a leader with the diverse skills needed to run one of Silicon Valley’s most complex companies.
Eisenstaedt did not record the names of the impromptu kissers; their identities have been debated for decades.
“It’s telling my relationship to the Philippines,” Mr. Sumulong said.
Despite his role in the Iran-contra affair, Mr. Abrams has remained active in politics.
We didn’t agree on Ayn Rand or “Cerebus,” but we did share a reverence for the prolific author and comic book writer Alan Moore.
Well, almost everything was urgent to him — try hailing a New York taxi with him, oh!, the impatience — and then at the piano, he was transformed, calm.
Complementing quick passing with power running, New England averaged 177.8 on the ground across its last five games.
Tuesday’s order vacated the chief justice’s temporary stay.
Ms. Kornienko is now working toward becoming a nurse, a prerequisite for becoming a midwife in Sweden.
Here is Joan, being hard on herself, after explaining that she lied to us about a central moment in her relationship with Charlie, who dies of AIDS: “Having escaped the chains of routine, having grabbed tight the bird by its wing, I will be at the tip of who I am, gulping experience while capturing the world through the intimate-but-ever-distancing aperture of my lens.” After witnessing a lifetime of such gulping — compressed into 100 dense minutes of stage time — you can’t help feeling that the eternal sleep of death must come as a relief to our worn-out, word-stuffed heroine.
1911 is a soft coat, an unlined coat, what we call an empty coat,” he said, one that both meets the sartorial needs of guys occupying that sartorial gray area between the straitjacketed corporate drones and the Hoodie Horde of Mountain View, Calif., and that also justifies its price tag with the inner construction that linings are often used to hide.
As an advocate for women, too, she has an added motivation to break out of the confines of the Haredi world.
The plan also challenges the right of California and other states to set their own, more restrictive standards.
He’s a known quantity, and he is someone who has longstanding relationships in those communities.
Los presupuestos federales destinados a biodefensa aumentaron después de los ataques, pero han disminuido en los últimos años.
Can a scrappy Israeli nonprofit land on the moon on a $100 million shoestring?
2 on the Billboard album chart this week, and it is largely the product of her trying to outrun the expectations that came on the heels of that clip.
Is there anything you think we’re missing?
A webpage that the museum created for people to register for free tickets crashed because of traffic.
In the region’s biggest cities, many public transit systems tried to press on.
Durante los primeros dos años de Trump en la presidencia, lo presionaron para presentar un plan que en realidad casi no asignaba fondos para inversiones nuevas y después inventaron excusas para no tener ni siquiera que lidiar con esa penosa propuesta.
Since last summer, prosecutors have raided the National Court Administration and questioned two former Supreme Court justices.
When it arrived, the Reboli Center joined a working 18th-century gristmill; a performance space and museum called the Jazz Loft; the Nora Bredes Reserve, a park named after a progressive Suffolk County legislator; and the Avalon Park and Preserve, 140 acres with a pond, boardwalk, trails, five habitats and a labyrinth.
Julia Roberts offered a rambunctious hoot from the audience, which jumped to its feet.
And later that year, the Palestinians resume their terror attacks against Israel.
“It doesn’t matter how old these things are,” Dr. Macri said.
Knowing that his fellow officers inside the house had been shot, a 54-year-old officer who had been with the department for 32 years entered the home and was shot in the face, the police said.
“Since 2005, we have been focused on creating a product to help people switch away from smoking combustible cigarettes — the number one cause of preventable death in the world,” Mr. Monsees said.
He often looks to be surveying some amber waves of grain; you could imagine his official photo gracing the wall of an Elks lodge or a Cadillac dealership.
The North Koreans are seeking numerous concessions, including an end to punishing sanctions.
I’m imagining that people in a light aircraft wouldn’t be wearing particularly warm clothing, and so it is concerning because if they’re in the water then their chances of survival are diminishing all the time.
“It is a very peculiar kind of conservatism that values life only in utero,” he said.
I was the main witness to testify against Rob in the infamous child pornography case.
In 1969 distillers produced 1.9 million barrels of whiskey, according to the Kentucky Distillers Association; in 1999, the industry’s low point, it made just 455,000.
[The Press Democrat] • L.A. may tax ride-sharing companies in order to nudge riders toward public transit — or at least get them to car pool.
Four of the eight semantically paired Spanish words have appeared in The New York Times Crossword puzzle more often than their English equivalents.
The episode traumatized the labor movement for decades.
Their reporting was deep, but it was very technical.
The sprites behind the schemes could come across as craven; an online crew of viral marketers referred to non-entrepreneurial peers as “peasants.” But most of them seemed sincere.
She knew things were going south when he locked the door.” Ms. Smith said that her client did not seek medical attention or go to the police or the university administration and that Ms. Watson perceived Mr. Fairfax as a politically influential figure on campus.
Los artículos que se suben a la aplicación de noticias deben ser aprobados o rechazados en una hora.
Through this previously unseen footage, we’ll show how Paddock methodically planned his attack, and how, over seven days, hotel staff unwittingly helped him to move bag after bag of weapons to his room.
“I don’t really listen to him for the highlights,” Raja said.
Businesses also favor a rule that makes it harder to hold companies liable for violations of employment laws committed by their contractors or franchisees, known as a “joint employer” rule.
But what happens in a no-deal Brexit?
It is a European problem, and the Yellow Vests are part of it.” From west to east and east to west, the revolt against elites and inequalities has spread.
It proved an alchemic combination of designer and brand, given the house’s rich iconography (ropes of pearls, camellias, bouclé, Cs), which Mr. Lagerfeld treated like toys that were his for the twisting.
She is the daughter of Joan M. Willenbrock and Joseph F. Willenbrock of Wentzville, Mo.
In that email, she acknowledged that living and studying in a foreign country was a “tremendous undertaking,” but relayed that faculty members were concerned about students speaking foreign languages in the department’s break rooms.
Dinner for two with wine is about 250 reais.
This article is part of David Leonhardt’s newsletter.
The couple, who met in 2014 and were married last summer at the Beverly Hills Courthouse, never imagined that they would live in Bel-Air.
The powers behind the Rose Bowl have bent before and may again.
It was 41-22 after one quarter, and the Pistons led, 63-54, at halftime.
Here are a few highlights: • “Frank from Palm Beach” — otherwise known as Frank Biden — says his brother Joe “absolutely” has one more run for president in him.
There’s no doubt that Britain’s hills, lakes and heaths make for perpetually awe-inspiring settings.
In 2003, the company admitted it had stolen portions of the software that runs computer networking equipment from Cisco Systems, one of the largest tech companies in Silicon Valley.
His new book, “Dreyer’s English: An Utterly Correct Guide to Clarity and Style,” is the climax (so far) of his nearly three decades in the copy-editing business, and it shows his playful sense of humor as well as his deep appreciation for clear writing and good language.
Indeed, the final text that voters endorsed proved to be more conservative than the draft that was presented last summer.
Esa ropa, comentó, regresaba mojada o terminaba mezclada “con las pantaletas de alguna chica”.
The emails were among thousands of pages of correspondence between the de Blasio administration and a group of outside advisers that were made public after news organizations sued City Hall to obtain the material.
Know of any other facts that are so counter to conventional understanding that they sound wrong?
“We have to run this gantlet and not have too many self-inflicted wounds.” But there is little doubt who, at the start of the race, is being talked about the most in South Carolina.
Police spending ballooned in the early 2000s under a Labour government, which gave officers a broad charge to clamp down on small-scale misbehavior and impose order in accordance with the “broken windows” theory of policing that was then much in vogue.
There’s no pressing need for extra vegetables, but a green salad on the side would be a nice touch.
Mr. Aguilar remembers that in his childhood home, plantains were allowed to hang until they were black before they could be pounded into mole.
En el pasado, la moralidad se trataba de amar y trabajar por los demás, pero ahora se trata de mostrarse indignado por las cosas que otras personas están haciendo mal.
If you’re not sure whether your work requires phone-based email, don’t ask; just delete the apps and wait to see whether it causes a problem — many people unintentionally exaggerate their need to constantly be available.
“That’s pure Donald J. Trump,” Mr. Navarro said.
I remember that mixing clothes and putting accessories together for the few days before the shows was fun — sometimes going late into the night, eating cold sausages!
Is $1 for a slice too little?
“With a green tree in front of my house,” she said, “and me looking at the green leaves, knowing that the tree and sun were mixing together to give off the oxygen we breathe?
The latest subpoena follows similar demands for documents by federal prosecutors in Manhattan and by New Jersey’s attorney general.
This one bit of information makes that argument almost completely irrelevant.
And, he told me that black people would never vote for him because they were too stupid.
He said Mr. Cabrera was a member of a six-man hit squad hired by Mr. Baldo.
“I Doozy” is an every-so-often feature highlighting people, places or things related to Weddings.
Margarita Uzcategui, 64, who lives in what used to be a thriving neighborhood of Caracas, described water shortages and electricity cuts that can last for up to 12 hours.
• Algunas de las pruebas que más han afectado a Guzmán Loera han sido las grabaciones secretas en las que se le escucha cuando hace negocios de narcotráfico.
He said he had no documentary evidence of any further conversations after their sexual encounter in 2004, when he was working as the personal aide to John Edwards, then a senator from North Carolina and the Democratic vice-presidential candidate that year.
Looking back, there were signals.
“Try ‘move lever,’ ‘push lever,’ ‘pull lever,’” I suggested, listing options in rapid fire.
78A: I solved this as “Selmac” with “Sens” at 78D, until I just checked on this entry in the answers while columnizing for you.
The Cubs train in Mesa, Ariz., where Manager Joe Maddon lives.
There’s nothing like a change of environment and the odd sudden surprise for revealing the structural flaws in a partnership, or knitting it closer together.