(The job is sometimes combined with that of a driver.)
Mr. Cyrus said the request was filed “to make her commonly used name the same as her legal name.”
A famous painting by John Trumbull, “The Death of General Warren,” at the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston, shows Knowlton’s six-foot frame looming above others at Bunker Hill, where he fiercely held on to key ground.
If you bring your company’s laptop home and connect it to your PC with this cable, you can share and sync files between the two machines.
As David Hallberg, Herman Cornejo and Daniil Simkin (a new 21-year-old Russian-born boy wonder) dance successive one-act works at City Center, you wonder what ballet company is more happily exciting.
Fourteen minutes past 4 on a chilly November morning, a Nissan Altima in Queens stopped being simply an automobile that Sean Bell had borrowed from his fiancée for his bachelor party.
They meet up; they argue and patronize each other; but as soon as Coco learns that her sister has based a children’s book series around an imaginary friend called Jezebel James that Coco had as a little girl, she agrees to have her baby.
We worked closely with him over the years, going back to the late ’80s and the birth of the first NHL highlights TV show, Hockey Week, for which he supplied the narration, It put him on the league-wide stage for the first time and he rose to the challenge.
The company is requesting $400 million in low-interest federal loans as part of the $25 billion loan package for the auto industry passed by Congress last year.
Instead, foreign beachfront homeowners have a 49 percent stake in a corporation or a trust that owns the concession.
And poll workers haven’t all been trained properly.” By the late afternoon, Election Protection had received roughly 3,000 complaints from voters across the five boroughs, with Brooklyn and Manhattan accounting for about two-thirds of the total.
Now we are mainly aware of horses through the remnants of horse-inspired vocabulary, by the persistence of sports like polo, and, as a video shows, from ceremonies from around the world that use the horse to display power and grace.
Researchers at the State University at Stony Brook will soon publish another paper on co-rumination.
Mr. Ward cited the company’s bylaws in saying that such proposals must be made before the meeting.
We’re not the bad guys.
Each rider spends hundreds of dollars on these baubles.
A panel concluded that both men were among several administrators who had acted inappropriately in awarding Heather Bresch, a daughter of Gov.
But he knows a little bit about putting out fires, having helped President Clinton manage many of them.
Now her 15-year-old daughter was about to give birth, and the county’s Probation Department denied Ms. Pagan the right to have this new grandchild live with her.
Twenty-five miles into the ride, I had fallen to the back of the pack.
Many of the older buildings along the Grand Concourse are Art Deco in style, of mostly warm yellow brick, and have small touches of wrought iron or cut stone designs around the window casements.
The secure networks for municipal workers come after numerous emergencies during which commercial cellular networks operated by wireless phone companies quickly got overloaded.
But at 2 p.m., Sheffield 57, a Midtown building from Swig Equities, had only its three brokers standing by.
My first go-round to the barns was luke warm, oh, don’t get me wrong, they are all beautiful in my eyes all of them–but somewhere in this sea of four-legged body of toned muscle flesh there is always one who will stand out above the rest, the David of all Goliaths of rippled thousand pounds of flesh.
But his standing nationally is plummeting against his chief rivals, Senator John McCain of Arizona, Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York, and Mike Huckabee, the former governor of Arkansas.
And if he continues playing this well on hardcourts — historically, Nadal’s worst performances have occurred on this surface — Federer will have a tough time stopping him.
The suit jacket is stripped down — the lapels eliminated and reduced to a notch — and at the same time, the material and the finishing are impeccable.
David A. Paterson ’s father, a well-connected and powerful union lawyer, has decided to seek the advice of a state ethics commission on avoiding potential conflicts of interest.
GIG) AND NOT ADAM VINATIERI, WHO FAMOUSLY WON TWO SUPER BOWLS FOR NEW ENGLAND, THE BEST KICKER IN THE CLUTCH.
Prices for gasoline and diesel had been fixed since Nov. 1, even as world oil prices rose 45 percent in that period.
Photographers who like to use available light will also appreciate the camera’s high sensitivity, up to ISO 3200 at its full, 10.1-megapixel resolution, and ISO 6400 with 3-megapixel resolution.
Running time: 1 hour 20 minutes.
The final addition to the revenue stream: the 250 installers who show the subscribers how to use the devices also sell them other products, like fall detectors and automatic pill dispensers.
This is not done very artfully, and it has the effect not of creating genuine narrative tension but of making the reader feel manipulated.
How in God’s name, I wondered, could she follow so many people?
It was necessary to show them that they didn’t have to be worried.
A pair of chatty, laid-back lifeguards are unwilling to leave their paradisiacal Gaza beach and guaranteed employment, while a pro-withdrawal activist explains how her sister's death at the hands of a Palestinian suicide bomber informs her efforts for peace.
Hailing the painting as “a landmark of the 20th-century canon,” Sotheby’s had estimated it would sell for $70 million.
“The ban on short-selling may prolong the crisis,” he said, “in the sense that it will now take the markets longer to adjust to the true values of financial companies.” That means investors should think twice before buying shares of any companies for which short-selling is now banned, Professor Reed said.
“California’s failure, after coming so close, underscores the lesson that too many states don’t have the political will or resources to reform health care on their own,” Mr. Altman said.
In an editorial, The Tripod wrote about Mr. Obama that “his relative inexperience is one of his greatest strengths.
No, it isn't AstroTurf, or any other version of artificial grass.
“When I saw him in my mirror, I didn’t think it would be over,” Vickers said.
Mrs. Clinton told the nation’s veterans that she and Mr. Schumer “resolve that, in the spirit of the Intrepid, we will be there for you, day in and day out, no matter how long it takes.” Both she and her husband, the former president, are among the past recipients of the Intrepid Freedom Award.
Mass on Thursday at 10:45am at St. Patrick's R.C.
As a ninth grader running for student body president on the Patriot Party ticket, he cut up and rearranged magazine ads into “Vote for Holder” insignia.
Cuba’s state-run AIN news agency reported that the countries had reached “almost a dozen” agreements, including plans to rehabilitate the island’s aging ports and earthquake detection systems.
(Sacks became an official N.F.L.
I’d had it done with big needles, wide bores, in the crooks of my elbows, but my arm veins had long since blown.
But as the economy totters, many families have no choice but to cut back, which may lead to a shift in their thinking about money and permissiveness.
“The question is, how bleak is it going to be?” In the meantime, Westchester officials will keep looking for savings.
Though the jumble of ancient buildings (Tudor, Edwardian and Victorian, some with thatched roofs) now house restaurants and shops, and the outdoor vendors peddle designer jeans and funky jewelry rather than ironmongery and grain, it remains primarily a food market, with local fresh produce, meat and fish, as well as artisanal cheeses and breads.
He mentioned one more little idea in the works.
PEEKSKILL Paramount Center for the Arts Second City Improv Comedy Theater, featuring scenes, songs and improvisation.
Mr. Nunn said that based on his own experiences with the Nuclear Threat Initiative, an organization dedicated to reducing global threats from nuclear, biological and chemical weapons, he thought the mayor could find satisfaction in philanthropy.
On Friday, one such front-line area, the main Jamila market, was a charred, half-deserted stretch of shuttered stores, garbage and abandoned vegetable trolleys.
“Without new evidence that something is either ineffective or harmful,” he said, “it’s very hard for Medicare to narrow existing coverage.” And yet, Dr. Tunis said, Wednesday’s decision indicates the agency “continues to feel there are important unanswered questions.” His group had been in discussions with health insurers and equipment makers to consider conducting the studies that the agency originally envisioned, as a way to show whether the technology was, in fact, better than existing tests and improved patients’ health.
This engine clips more than half a second off the GT’s 5.3-second time in the 0-to-60 m.p.h.
The Crown Vic barrels down St. Claude Avenue, a main road so familiar to Specialist Sylvia that he knows to veer to the right as he crosses the railroad tracks; less bumpy.
In those cases, the N.C.A.A.
It’s enough to make weary fairgoers hope for a market meltdown, or at least a little consolidation.
Now, about 15 percent of the site’s 200,000 articles are written by amateurs, who are paid if their articles attract enough attention (like one on how to duplicate Victoria Beckham’s hairdo).
There’s a happenstance quality to both her paintings and the handful of small sculptures she is showing: they often incorporate found objects or images and exude an outsider air.
June 30, 1938 to August 11th, 2008.
I cast it off entirely, like so much spider web in the wind.
Sentencing was set for Nov. 17.
She can marry you.” “Does she like gay people?” Marc said.
Perennial sellers are not actively tracked.
(That would make the 2,500-gallon haul in the Burger King case worth more than $6,000.)
The U.S. mostly just wanted to give Chairman Mao a headache in Tibet, not to help Tibetans.
“Whoever is winning a championship, Wes is there associated with them.
“They were approved after completing a rigorous selection process, and we are confident that they will serve our students well,” she said.
Women have close friends of the same sex throughout their lives.
“They want to be right, and they want the right information,” Pereira said.
Page A6 National SHAKY WALL STREET MARKETS Put Cities in Financial Bind Wall Street's troubles are squeezing cities around the country as the crisis takes it toll on principal sources of city revenue.
Altidore, the Red Bulls star and heir apparent to the hype that has followed Adu, left the game early in the second half in what Nowak said was a precautionary measure.
“We believe that the network of SIMI was behind the blasts,” a senior police official, P. C. Pande, told reporters in Ahmedabad, which is in Gujarat State and was the site of the bombings last month.
REDS 2, ASTROS 1 Edinson Vólquez pitched seven and a third strong innings and visiting Cincinnati scored two unearned runs, pushing Houston to the brink of elimination.
Interest was partly revived by “Medicine Man,” a 2003 exhibition of some 700 of Wellcome’s objects at the British Museum (with an accompanying catalog).
She headed the African-American studies program at Seton Hall.
Most studies show surprisingly few differences between committed gay couples and committed straight couples, but the differences that do emerge have shed light on the kinds of conflicts that can endanger heterosexual relationships.
The new stream of technology-centric and successful nonprofits, however, appears to be driven in part by a set of microelectronics technology trends that have sent shock waves through many industries, from publishing to music and movies.
Or people who need a really cheap vacation.
In other cases, he said, theaters outgrow their space.
"The bigger ones get caught by their lips,” he shouted back.
“When you open a store in a neighborhood you get to know the community,” Mr. Sitt said.
“We look at them as just a bunch of radical bikers,” said the former commander, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak publicly on behalf of the department.
Moral suasion is used on foreign governments — M.L.B., for example, has been in discussions with the Chinese government about shutting sites there.
When David sought to become Lieutenant Governor, he spoke about the difficult challenges encountered in his personal and professional lives, and the obstacles that many New Yorkers continually face to survive and thrive.
Since the power-sharing agreement was signed more than three weeks ago, Mr. Mugabe and the opposition leader, Morgan Tsvangirai , who was to serve as prime minister under the deal, have been deadlocked over the division of ministries.
Rather, Mr. Schaefer said, Gauguin probably created the painting “to shock Parisians” when it was exhibited in 1893 at Durand-Ruel’s gallery.
The median household income nationwide is $50,233, according to the Census Bureau.
I heard the center referred to both in conversation and in the media in only the most dismissive terms, ranging from derision at its unsubstantial and misleading synthesis of Jewish, New Age and Sufi elements to rantings about its being “dangerous.” Still, disenchanted as I was with the patriarchal foundation and prohibitions of observant Judaism, I wondered whether there might be something worthy in a more ecumenical approach.
And there was the crazy-eyed dining-room manager who did not flirt as a rule and was not likely to begin with a waitress who often showed up 10 minutes late.
It’s our fiduciary duty to look at it.” He declined further comment.
In March, funds advised by Apax Partners Worldwide and the Guardian Media Group completed their $2 billion acquisition of Emap’s business-to-business publications, which include an established trend forecaster, WGSN.
Her mother teaches a career development course at Rio Rancho High School in Rio Rancho, N.M.
UnitedHealth earned $994 million, or 78 cents a share, on revenue of $20 billion for the first quarter.
The researchers said they had not intended their work to send the message that people should ignore symptoms.
In a televised address, he said the cement companies, which include Mexico’s Cemex, would be fairly compensated.
Hurtigruten heads to Antarctica, dropping anchor in Marguerite Bay to go marching with emperor penguins ( hurtigruten.com ).
“There’s no indication that either alcohol or drugs were involved,” Sergeant Williams said.
Unfortunately, in the case of Clinton, they soon discovered that the package they bought into might have been a little rawer than they’d bargained for.” As with the impeachment scandal, the fall of Eliot Spitzer last eek left many parents looking for the right words to explain what happened to their children, another topic raised in readers’ questions.
Mr. DeMunn doubles as an ex-serviceman, Chuck, who now gives inspirational talks to soldiers about the workings of the mind and the effects of trauma.
One expert said that ''this may be the most serious threat to North American bats we've experienced in recorded history,'' and no one knows the cause.
“You can either be the low-cost guy and compete on price, or you can find a niche and fill it.” Explaining his affinity for this particular niche, he said: “We’re all living longer and starting to fall apart.
David A. Paterson, who asked the attorney general’s office last month to open an investigation into charges that some troopers compiled potentially embarrassing information about public officials, did not attend the ceremony.
Many of the independent news outlets were shut down.
“The service was fantastic,” said Alex Riether, 35, another neighbor.
Joseph Schiavone, was demoted to the rank of police officer and transferred to another district for failing to stop the beating; he had no contact with the suspects.
“At least we’re not starving.” In this region of southern Henan Province, in village after village, people are too poor to heat their homes in the winter and many lack basic comforts like running water.
“I gotta make wee-wee.” He steps through a gazebo and faces the bay.
Several airlines have begun charging passengers to check luggage and book tickets using their frequent-flier miles.
If Mahmoud Abbas cannot or will not eliminate such content from his own controlled media, how can he ever be expected to act effectively against armed terrorists determined to murder innocent Israelis (an objective he has repeatedly disclaimed)?
Seeing an opportunity for a friendly gibe, Mr.
“It became clear there was a difference between the bid and ask,” he said, using stock trader terms.
Al Hirschfeld Theater, 302 West 45th Street, Clinton, (212) 239-6200.
“I felt if I expressed myself in Vietnamese it would be more heartfelt.”
THE AGE OF REAGAN: A History, 1974-2008 , by Sean Wilentz.
Vólquez is scheduled to face Cliff Lee and the Indians on Sunday afternoon.
A study by the RAND Corporation found that the psychological toll of deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan may in fact be “disproportionately high compared to the physical injuries of combat.” Post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injuries, major depression and suicide are exacting a fearful price from combat soldiers and marines.
A combined company, in which BHP shareholders would own about 56 percent, would control more than a third of the world’s iron-ore market.
They are going to do their best job to officiate, just like the Lakers and the Spurs are going to do their best job to play a game."
“You know once you go there, that’s the way it’s going to be,” Butler said.
“Who knows?” Carlos Delgado said.
As for Ms. Santiago’s mental state, Ms. Gonzalez testified that during that 2005 visit, her daughter had seemed “depressed and sad” about her household life and “had an obsession with cleaning.” Ms. Santiago, then 27, had recently given birth to her sixth child and was pregnant with a seventh, which she lost in a miscarriage a few weeks later.
The men are handsome stalwarts.
The president previously insisted that the global economic downturn and the decline in oil prices would not harm Iran ’s economy.
Excluding costs for employee buyouts of $15.7 million after taxes, or 11 cents a share, earnings were 26 cents.
After an 0-4 start, Army won for the third time in four games, improving to 3-5 and matching its win total from the past two seasons.
I’m old fashioned, I like skirts.
Developed over two years at a cost of $14 million, the site is making its debut the same day as Season 39 of “Sesame Street,” seen weekdays on PBS.
“The Gift,” the core argument of which depends on establishing an analogy between the making of art and how objects accrue value in traditional “gift economies,” has been praised as the most subtle, influential study of reciprocity since the French anthropologist Marcel Mauss’s 1924 essay of the same name.
That would be three rounds to determine a national championship.
Even with aggressive surgery and industrial-strength antibiotics, their odds are poor.
Mr. McCain is uncomfortable firing people or banishing them entirely.
Yeah, he stole my stereo.
“Yeah, the gas prices make a dent in your wallet,” Mr. Espaillat said.
In the grass-roots boycott call, publicized through text messages and popular Web sites, Chinese consumers have been urged to avoid the stores as punishment for what China considers France ’s shabby reception of the Olympic torch .
On a recent afternoon, children wearing backpacks ducked into the AMC Loews Orpheum on Third Avenue to see the new Indiana Jones movie.
Three members of Congress, armed with a new report that they say proves that excessive oil speculation is distorting consumer energy prices, are renewing their efforts to exclude many institutional investors from the nation’s commodity markets.
Mommy’s in the rug,” and later, “Daddy’s mad.”
They don’t help me negotiate the world.” Seven months later , in the immediate wake of my mother’s death from lung cancer, I took a trip to Los Angeles to begin my own year-and-a-half-long journey of exploration into the Kabbalah Center.
“I’d never been stung by a jellyfish before, but I’d heard about it.
This is not only foolish, this is completely impossible.”
They have an attractive nonchalance, but they could have been made 20 years ago.
Some Afghans were running and I ran with them.
Your March 23 art issue promises both a “redrawing” and a comprehensive look at a place that mystifies and confuses many people.
With that thought in mind, I knew I wanted to do something new, to give something back.” A WILLOWY, dark-haired, fast-talking woman who is always on the move, Ms. Abramovic plans to devote her considerable energies to teaching.
Every two years, this competition provides human drama, raw emotion, exposed nerve endings and jarring competition on a grand scale.
Spending the Muslim holiday Id al-Fitr with soldiers prompted American military officials to praise him as a “soldier’s soldier.” He is also an avid golfer and the president of the Pakistan Golf Association.
“A fire detection system would be inspected as part of that,” Mr. DePlasco said.
But what slowly became clear was that this was an attack of especial barbarism, because it was so personal.
The $50 Defender case for the BlackBerry Bold, for example, covers the phone in three layers of material — including polycarbonate and silicone — to absorb shakes and shocks.
Kenny White, the chief operating officer of Las Vegas Sports Consultants, which provides the line to the majority of Nevada’s 176 sports books, credited prop bets for increasing the amount of money bet on a single N.F.L.
How much could a Minnesota college student earn by selling his vote this November on the auction Web site eBay?
Four generations ago, they were in the trenches.
Franken — in a count disputed by Coleman and the secretary of state — claims to be four votes ahead, and the results seem to hinge on a missing envelope containing 133 ballots from Dinkytown, a neighborhood near the University of Minnesota .
Go to Article from Portfolio.com » Go to Article from Fortune.com » Go to Previous Article from The New York Times »
Even today, an unpretentious bottle of Chianti Classico, with its plummy fruit, good acidity and depth of flavor reminiscent of dried tomato, can stake a claim to an array of dishes.
And she has resigned from being a member of my very large finance committee.” Senator Clinton added: “You know, both Senator Obama and I have throughout this campaign had to take occasion to remind our supporters and our staff that we want to run this campaign based on our issue differences, our records, our qualifications, our experience.
In the special election, he prevailed against Thomas V. Ognibene, a former City Councilman, who was once at the center of power within the Republican Party in Queens.
As the movie invites you to share their delight, you may feel a tad unclean.
Congregation Emanu-EL of the City of New York records with deep sorrow the death of our cherished member Madeline Belgorod.
The worker-shareholders were being paid $205 to $194 a share at the time, based on ESOP appraisals.
“Yeah, I tell you it could certainly happen.
He would have to wait his turn, though, as the formerly grounded and maligned rushing attack brought the Jets back.
“I walked in thinking, it’s going to be like riding a bicycle,” Ms. Anderson said.
on Thursday afternoon, Newsom decided to table his idea to work with authorities on a venture they would approve and perhaps even support.
The minimalist booth of Vanderven & Vanderven Oriental Art, a Dutch gallery specializing in antique Chinese export porcelains and early ceramics, is sheathed in a black, leatherlike material.
But in November she also stopped updating her list, which had more than 320 names, according to watchdog groups, soon after one of her top bundlers, Norman Hsu, who had raised more than $800,000, was accused of fraud and questionable fund-raising tactics.
He is a former president of Prudential-Bache Securities, a founder of Vectra Bank in Colorado, and a founding director of LendingTree.
Organizations often stay silent in public while they work in private to secure a hostage’s release.
This book on Alexander's method of body-mind training became widely used as a textbook for actors and dancers.
But, hey, you can only fret so much, so one local in The East Hampton Star the other day offered her 12 commandments for summer visitors.
 To the Editor: LMTY (let me tell you): The article noted that text messages allow their senders to “share every life experience the second it unfolds.” But constantly chatting about where you are and what you are doing (simultaneously with the doing) cuts out the adventure and keeps life on the surface.
The two were very much in sync.
The crowd standing in the shadow of Lincoln had the scoop, a profound event to themselves, of the people and by the people.
Middle: Terrie Sultan, right, director of the Parrish Art Museum in Southampton, N.Y., with her assistant, Carol Powel Smith.
“From the assessors’ standpoint, the Under the Rainbow ruling didn’t change anything for us,” said Thomas J.
The sign holders resisted efforts to find out who they were and why they had gone to City Hall.
Services will be held on Sunday, March 2nd, at 12 Noon, at Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, 90th and Amsterdam, 212-769-4400.
Christine and Ron are involved in every aspect of the business, and they’re much better prepared, God forbid something happens to me.
“With McMahon, it was nearly 26 minutes, face-to-face, with half of it at a high level of anger,” Costas said by telephone.
The serious work of robotics in environments that are too tough for humans gets good display in the show, as well: there are scale models of Spirit and Opportunity, the two robotic carts currently exploring the surface of Mars, and images of the space shuttle’s robotic arm.
At the time, the Dutch bank ABN Amro was seeking to buy Banca Antonveneta.
Harbaugh, 45, spent this season as Philadelphia’s secondary coach.
Harry H. Schneider Jr., a defense lawyer, held up a book and said he wanted to ask Mr. McFadden a question based on it.
Not so bad, he says.
The Chinese teams climbed on a bus after their plane touched down at Kennedy International Airport on Jan. 17 and scoured the horizon for the Empire State Building , not realizing the bus was headed the other way.
At the bank’s urging, the couple asked the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority to help them find more energy-efficient equipment.
Mr. de la Pomerai, in a speech at the conference, noted that 80 percent of the country’s quake-threatened schools remained unfortified.
Other infants have died from the same error.
He has offered to begin dialogue where the current president has refused, in places like Syria and Iran.
FARBER--Irving P. The Board of Governors and Members of High Ridge Country Club acknowledge with deep sorrow the passing of our esteemed member, Irving P. Farber.
John W. Snow, who preceded Mr. Paulson as Treasury secretary, had traveled relentlessly to sell Mr. Bush’s tax cuts, along with his ill-fated attempt to overhaul Social Security.
“If you restrict drilling,” said Mr. Bennett of Bentek, “you’ll go from a situation where we’re growing one billion cubic feet in production a day to a situation where you’re flat or declining in two years” — as happened in the Powder River basin six years ago after environmental restrictions tightened.
Ernesto Jr. then ushered me into an adjoining room, where I glued on a band and slipped the cigar into a cellophane sheath.
“We don’t have much flexibility,” Cobb said.
He served and attacked with greater urgency, lobbed surprisingly well and closed out Borg in four sets for a third consecutive Open singles title.
Start the morning on the north side, when there is usually more sun and less wind.
That way to the world’s largest aluminum plant.
Judyth spent the later part of her life dedicated to her love of translating and teaching the Italian language.
Charles Schwab is also participating in the program on a smaller scale.
A Feb. 14 court filing put it starkly: “Members of Britney’s household,” it said, “have been paying for her basic necessities, including medicine, food, and other day-to-day needs.” On Feb. 1, the day after Ms. Spears was involuntarily admitted for treatment at the U.C.L.A.
The issue over Berlin was Khrushchev’s threat to deny Western access rights to West Berlin, by military force if necessary.
There’s also help for those who do not have Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac loans.
Both the old yarns and the new ones are shaped by Alameddine’s strong comedic instinct.
 This all could have been avoided, argued Hogi, a member of the Community Board 4’s parks committee.
Central banks may choose to revive last year’s cash-injection programs as banks continue their reluctance to lend to one another and maintain their own liquidity.
He graduated from Beloit College in 1964, then earned a master’s degree in anthropology from the University of Oklahoma.
“They are the middleman, and they have just gotten killed,” Andrew Feltus, a bond fund manager at Pioneer Investments, said about big banks and securities firms.
It was brief, two minutes.
“These were ordinary people doing ordinary things that accumulated in the wrong sequence and creating a system that failed.
In Putnam County, however, sales dropped by 9 percent, and prices fell 5 percent, according to the service.
In 1952, Dr. Martha Mendell, a white member of the Physicians Forum, a multiracial doctors group in New York, argued: “The claim of the A.M.A.
This seems a little more grim.
The situation harks back to a day when Western statehouses were halls of brawling, boozing and ill repute.
Or, as Dave Shoalts writes in today’s Globe & Mail “Timonen is willing to withstand de agony of de feet .” Bet he’s been waiting years to use that line.
The planetarium was founded by a local businessman, Max Adler, who had been a serious violinist.
The kitchen has maple and cherry cabinets and silver-leaf ceiling panels.
Sylvester Stallone and Keith Carradine were wiretapped, it turned out; Garry Shandling was subjected to an illegal criminal background check.
Prior to founding the Center in 2002, Strachan worked at the Hastings Center, the noted nonprofit bioethics research institute in Garrison, NY (1986-2002), and served as its President from 1996-1999.
New York’s Republican establishment rushed to embrace Senator John McCain on Wednesday, with party leaders expressing confidence that his appeal to independents could help fend off a Democratic sweep that might cost them the State Senate in November.
The next year, J. J. Shubert suggested that Mr. Schoenfeld hire another lawyer to help him.
The Awakening members are currently paid by the American military to operate checkpoints, guard buildings and, in some cases, to refrain from bombing military convoys and shooting at American and Iraqi soldiers.
In August, 5 percent fewer people arrived at New York-area airports from other American cities compared with a year earlier, but the decline was offset somewhat by a modest increase in foreign travelers, according to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
The two black boxes were recovered, although one was damaged, said Javier Mendoza, head of operations at the airline, Spanair .
The National Basketball Players Association suspended the agent Calvin Andrews for one year.
There would be plenty of pain and anxiety to come: surgery, follow-up treatments.
He is best known for his work on such films and documentaries as My Dinner with Andre, Gardens of the World with Audrey Hepburn, The Undersea World of Jacques Cousteau, The Gig, A Midsummer Nights Sex Comedy, The Plimpton!
But the Fed went much further than in previous episodes to calm the waters.
A trial is under way in Clark County, Nev.
record for touchdown receptions with 23 and averaged 15.2 yards on his 98 catches.
His team, Columbia, closely monitors its riders’ biological levels and subjects them to unannounced blood-screening tests throughout the year.
He drove the poor guy nuts.” Most mysterious was the impressive collection of paintings in his East 56th Street apartment.
We did it in a way that was more convenient and in a way that we could study a little better.
But Ms. Livni said any attempt to bridge gaps prematurely or to reach anything less than a comprehensive agreement could lead to misunderstandings and violence.
But only five of the nine pollsters who fielded surveys in South Carolina in January reported the racial makeup of their samples.
The early Case tractors were orange, too, until that brand switched to beige, then black and red.
Under the new rules, a bank must immediately mark them to where they could be sold, causing any acquirer to absorb a big hit to its capital.
Hands thrust deeply into his pockets, Mr. Carlson’s Hamlet is a permanently seething fellow whose reluctance to act gradually comes to seem inexplicable.
The Pirates were 11-5 last season at Continental Arena, which has since been renamed the Izod Center, and 13-16 over all.
These activist investors would, among other things, act to limit management rent-seeking (management action to benefit themselves at the expense of the corporation) and provide a strong shareholder voice ensuring that boards act in a manner aligned with shareholder interests.
Stills had been playing with bone chips in his left knee and was scheduled to have surgery on Friday.
Radovan Karadzic , the former Bosnian Serb leader who was transferred early Wednesday from Serbia to a jail cell near here, will appear in public court on Thursday for the first time to answer charges of genocide and war crimes.
That may not assuage Alaa Gomma, who runs a halal food cart on the corner of 41st Street and Avenue of the Americas, across the street from the renovation site.
“It cost me nothing and I picked the car up the same day,” Mr. Melin said.
No more Red Bull front end.
It has four minischools, including one for the performing and visual arts, and a mostly black, Latino and Asian student body.
“Dear Thrumpton, how I miss you tonight,” he wrote in 1944, when he was 21.
What can you do?” When asked if the pitch was intentional, Hansen said, “Like I said, I didn’t have the greatest control today.” Red Sox Manager Terry Francona dismissed the idea that Hansen had aimed at Rodriguez, noting that 13 of his 32 pitches were strikes.
The truck-and-trailer rigs that log long miles to haul the cars to tracks generally have miles-to-the-gallon averages in the single digits.
Chris Kutalik, editor of Labor Notes, a magazine sponsoring the conference, said a retired member of the United Automobile Workers was pushed, banged her head against a table and was taken to a hospital for a head wound.
His vision was selected after an internal design competition against about 30 others from Mitsubishi’s studios in Japan, Germany and California.
Most had done some construction work, and they now stood in a puzzled huddle, looking up at Guy as he tried to pry a narrow opening in the roof before panelizing it.
What astounded me were the demon-protector statues flanking each doorway, towering over me, snarling at me with fanged teeth, telling me in a not-too-subtle way that I didn’t belong here.
Nearly half of the 5,000 surveyed households said they expected the job market to deteriorate further, and many appeared worried about their ability to make purchases over the next few months.
“Parents are worried for their children’s safety.” One such parent is Teresa Sheffer, of Bethlehem, Ga.
The 22-year-old Radical Marxists member said that she had rejected Iran’s laws against women when she was 7 and had to wear the Islamic hood known as a maghnaeh to cover her hair for the first time.
Morgan Stanley denied the allegations in the complaint.
The city’s compact center, at the mouth of the River Liffey, has become a magnet for young people throughout Europe, imbuing the Irish capital with a modern and international veneer.
“Once they have a comfort level with the crate, put it in the car and let them go in it in the car.
1972 munich sports 23 events 195 athletes 6,075 men, 1,059 women Hello: Gigantism (Human).
But as of mid-December, filings had jumped to 169, with about 32 of the cases related to the mortgage crisis.
Mr. Hall said that Billy embodies the “frustrated creativity” of men who are raised to be tough but that the character is also an economic symbol.
(The area received its official designation last month.)
It cited a photograph of a police officer’s “new $70,000 Corvette” with a police permit visible through the windshield.
She found considerably more poetry in Chopin’s Polonaise-Fantaisie in A flat, underscoring its affecting melancholy through the dreamy reverie of her opening bars and her beautifully flexible phrasing throughout.
Also new is the Arnold Palmer Center for Golf History, which will hold a grand opening ceremony June 3.
But the research service found that they amounted to more than $3 billion in one spending bill alone in 2006, out of 13 annual appropriations bills.
Also on Sunday, Ehud Olmert , the departing prime minister of Israel, strongly condemned last week’s pipe bomb attack against Zeev Sternhell, a Hebrew University professor, suggesting that it was the work of an ultranationalist Jewish underground group.
Ultimately, the Latin Quarter wasn’t charged.
“A lot of marimba players actually love the harmonics,” Mr. Schuller said.
It went like this: I am 36 years and 2 months old.
We joke and we yell at each other like a regular family.” To learn more about the service, call (212) 962-7559 and ask for Home Sharing, or e-mail nyfscinc@aol.com .
The reply, in monotone, was: “Sir, would you like to purchase the kit?” I managed a less-than-gracious “yes” and was put on hold.
On Wednesday at the Trustees Theater in Savannah, Ga., the pianist Sebastian Knauer and the superb violinist Daniel Hope joined Mr. Copeland for the world premiere of his “Celeste,” which was commissioned by the Savannah Music Festival.
Ms. Farrell said she was particularly concerned about financing for uncompensated health care, which supports the agency’s sliding fee scale.
Roger was instrumental in establishing the masters program in Cosmetics and Fragrance Marketing and Management at FIT, and he served on the programs Steering Committee and Industry Advisory Board.
That, Ms. Milgram has said, should not happen.
Except, that is, for Lucy, the yellow-brown mutt who is her companion, her responsibility and one of the few fixtures in Wendy’s mobile, minimal world.
“It cost me a co-payment of $5 an operation.” His weight was down to 210 and his football career was stagnant until he received a call from a junior college teammate who was playing for Northwest Missouri State, in Maryville, Mo., about 1,700 miles away.
The death toll remained high for American troops, who, by the end of 2006, numbered about 22,100, most concentrated in the east and southeast.
It’s not fair to the Everglades.” The criticism voiced at the hearing, before the board of the South Florida Water Management District, is just the latest complication for a deal that was at first highly praised but has become highly questioned in the six months since Gov.
And it cautioned that those gaps could widen if Wall Street’s difficulties worsened or the housing market declined further.
“Let’s say a missile hits northern Manhattan and they want to know, ‘Has the temperature risen in Brooklyn yet?’ ” Mr. Feldman said one breezy afternoon (wind speed 4 miles an hour, gusting to 8.1).
The obscenities, sentence shards and machine-gun cadences common to Mr. Mamet’s dialogue are in evidence as Bobby and Charlie celebrate the commercial project and dis the arty one.
“The Social Democrats’ only realistic chance is with the votes from the Left Party,” said Oskar Niedermayer, professor of political science at the Free University in Berlin.
I know people who are convinced Armstrong was dirty, but when cycling was forced to get serious, it never implicated Armstrong while busting many other stars.
Congress has threatened to impose a requirement that wealthy universities make minimum payouts from their endowments and raised questions about whether nonprofit hospitals are really all that different from their for-profit — and tax-paying — competitors.
The Z1085 IS also takes high-definition video at 1280 by 720 pixels.
“We’ve always loved Montauk,” Ms. Dayrit said.
Bob DuPuy, baseball’s chief operating officer, said representatives of four bidders had met in New York in recent weeks with officials from the commissioner’s office, M.L.B.’s Internet company and the league’s new television network.
“I needed a job.” Now, in addition to running his own boutique downtown, he helps Mr. Capolupo manage the work.
One resident of Yangon, speaking by phone, said refugees who had sought shelter in schoolhouses were forced out so the buildings could be used as polling places.
Legend has it that it originated on a New York City subway.
Travis Snider hit his first career home run and went 3 for 4 with two runs batted in to help Toronto beat Minnesota for the ninth straight time.
(Chinen) PETER VAN HUFFEL QUINTET (Wednesday) Peter Van Huffel, a searching saxophonist, showcases his own compositions for this working band with the pianist Jesse Stacken, the guitarist Scott DuBois, the bassist Michael Bates and the drummer Jeff Davis.
The Marlins are good at celebrating victories after game-ending hits because they have had a lot of practice.
Mr. Treiman said that pressing the case in small claims court or Civil Court could prove very frustrating, because it could entail several appearances in court.
14 Auburn (8-0) past visiting North Carolina A&T (3-3).
“Our time has come” was Mr. Jackson’s rallying cry, a call to political empowerment for Southern blacks who still vividly remembered the struggle for the right to vote, capped by the bloody Selma marches and the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
It may present itself as one easily recognizable, if not clichéd, thing — a fat man’s jacket or a cabaret called Frou Frou — but, in fact, it’s something else entirely.
Is that what you mean?” he said with a chuckle.
The Raleigh, 1775 Collins Avenue; (305) 534-6300; www.raleighhotel.com .
Lower prices and special deals are also starting to appear on the menus of restaurants that have not added hours.
Fallout from the subprime loan disaster is evident, with plywood covering windows of many ranches, Capes and colonials.
Whalen finished with 15 points.
From there, he studied the scene, taking in members’ facial expressions, their tones of voice and their reactions to other senators’ ideas.
Soon afterward, Mr. Roach determined it should be public, even if it flew in the face of two millenniums of Tibetan Buddhist tradition.
I unplug things: toasters, CD players, radios, the computer and anything with an old-fashioned-looking plug.
Wells-Barnett dedicated her life to bringing lynchings to the attention of America and the world.
Multichannel News: “So how many viewers will tonight’s new episode of Hannah Montana bring to Disney Channel?
“The best traders are the ones who have controlled emotional responses,” Mr.
“He always does this,” I said, laughing and cringing as my father got up and pointed.
Mrs. Harrison’s daughters, Karen, 14, and Phoebe, 5, were laughing and playing dress-up, while her husband, Bruce, 62, stood at his wife’s side.
“You have to roll with it.” At La Carezza Salon and Day Spa in Southampton, the owner, Debbie Cirruzzo, is ordering more spray tan and hair color, more creams and polishes to meet the needs of her summer clients.
But she was slowly enchanted.
When hot, add the onion, garlic, celery, fennel, carrot, thyme and 2 large pinches of salt.
Instead of bowing to demands for moderation from around the world, the group said, “the government’s chief priority is to silence its citizens who would hold them to account.” The demonstrations, touched off in August by a sudden rise in fuel prices, swelled to mass pro-democracy street protests led by monks before the military cracked down in late September.
Philip L. Francis, the chairman and chief executive of PetSmart, says his company has found that many pet owners want just that kind of treatment for their pets.
It’s difficult to solve problems of one’s own making and impossible to respond effectively if you don’t first face up to your role in causing them.
Does your family need to escape the city?
People in Darfur are suffering.
The “key power players,” Cohen argues, including the army, the bureaucrats and the political left, “wished Pakistan to be democratic, but they were not willing to make it so.” Other factions, including feudal landlords and Islamists, did not even wish it to be democratic.
Bush administration officials, however, were aghast at the rise of an Islamist movement that they feared would be uncooperative in the war on terror.
But it could have had the Mets not Pérez-proofed the game by racing to a 6-0 lead with help from a run-scoring double in the first and a two-run homer in the fifth by the scorching Carlos Beltrán.
(Smith) Last Chance AMY BESSONE: 'WITH FRIENDS LIKE THESE' In the canvases in her two-gallery New York debut, this young Los Angeles painter narrows her subject to ceramic and metal figurines that she finds in art catalogs.
And he has been freed from the necessity of spending countless hours fund-raising.
David Gohlich, the company commander, said the house had been used as an insurgent base for the last five or six months after it was commandeered from a wealthy Shiite family, which was forced out.
Nacho Duato’s “Duende,” to various taped Debussy scores for flute and orchestra (notably “Syrinx”), succeeded in making impressive effects from contrived shapes and partnering figures, but it proved inept at creating any sustained dancing, let alone making a stage world.
On Monday at 1 p.m. sharp, the crowd begins to applaud.
“There’s no profit like not-for-profit,” he said time and again.
The median salary for public university presidents was $427,400, The Chronicle said.
Another 12 passed with ''proficient'' scores between 200 and 249.
He is relaxed in his stall.
Petite and manicured, in a black pantsuit and sensible leather shoes, Mrs. Gottlieb recounted in still-halting Hebrew how she and her husband opened a raincoat factory like the one they had left behind in Europe.
The pilot, who was very calm when he told us we were headed back to the airport, performed an absolutely amazing U-turn.
Archer Daniels Midland , the food-processing company, said Monday that its quarterly profit rose 7 percent as higher earnings from oilseed-processing and rising demand for feed grains offset declining margins in its ethanol business.
In addition to the charge related to the tunnel work, the federal statement says that Modern Continental “engaged in a scheme of overbilling” by “falsely categorizing apprentice workers as journeymen.” The wire fraud charge is related to the “receipt of electronic payment for inadequate and nonspecification work it knowingly performed on the contracts.”
Instead, she said, she developed a new Facebook page and is encouraging employee blogs.
Standing at the water’s edge, Tammy Freeman, 38, said she and her daughters had been staying with friends during the flood.
Mr. Bucknam was a teacher at Playwrights Horizons Theater School in New York who committed suicide in 1998 at age 32 while ill with cancer.
There have been hints, too, of links to market manipulation and even the Enron scandal.
Mr. Brodsky is paying a premium price for the building on 79th Street — nearly $650 a square foot, according to Mr. Amro, who added, “We think that it is one of the great sites available on the Upper East Side.” The new school will be built to the specifications of the university by the architect Cooper, Robertson & Partners, designer of the 2004 Columbia University School of Social Work.
“You step back and you evaluate the situation, and in my conversations with constituents, it seems to be a benefit to me,” said Joseph P. Addabbo Jr., a New York City councilman who plans to challenge Serphin R. Maltese, the Republican incumbent, in the 15th Senate District in Queens.
These are the Stanley Cup playoffs.
Here in the unenchanted world of ordinary moviegoing, it has been about two and a half years since “The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe,” the first installment in Walt Disney and Walden Media’s mighty “Chronicles of Narnia” franchise.
Our condolences to his wife Laura, sons Theodore, Bruce, Marc and Craig, daughter Dianne Patrick, stepdaughters Sara Van Leeuwen, Susan Nutt and Martha Nutt, his grandchildren and the entire family.
You see, Mr. Goodman’s assertion that lack of health insurance is no problem precisely echoed what President Bush said a year ago: “I mean, people have access to health care in America.
I worked mostly on mainframes, which are becoming extinct, so I’ve gone to classes to get new Microsoft certification.
The city says that in just a year, it has seen significant success for the juveniles enrolled, as well as cost savings from the reduced use of residential treatment centers.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to The Mikey's Way Foundation, P.O.
“Surprisingly easy,” was how my colleague described it.
He and the other Vietnam veterans also return two evenings each week to visit wounded soldiers at the Warrior Transition Unit here.
(Brantley) ‘NORTH’ The singer-songwriter Heather Christian and her talented band, the Arbornauts, take their audience down a wintry, baroque rabbit hole, offering a mostly magical rumination on longing, and art (1:10).
Lots of families with children.
The S.& P. 500 index of the biggest United States public companies fared even worse, falling 59.00 points, or 4.7 percent, to 1,192.69, its lowest close since October 2005.
The biggest danger is damage to the Federal Reserve’s credibility if it is seen as unwilling to let financial institutions face the consequences of their decisions.
Put another way, the higher the VIX, the less investors know about where the stock market is headed.
Several buildings were leveled by the attacks, which Somali officials quickly labeled the work of Islamist terrorists.
A modern climber going up Everest has to ask whether he or she can make it — a matter of individual will and preparation.
I’m like the mayor.” Mr. Arroyo bowls at the alley five days a week, a cut back from what was once a daily regimen.
First, it lifted during a pregame ceremony to commemorate the 61st anniversary of Jackie Robinson’s breaking the color barrier that the players on both teams observed by wearing his No.
Mr. Cusack is one of the writers as well as the star of the film, set in a mythological country called Turaqistan over the course of a militarized trade show in a privatized war.
It was “like jumping into a cold lake,” she said.
I figured I could just throw up a knuckleball, and no one would be able to hit it.” Zink, who is scheduled to start Tuesday night at Lehigh Valley, is 7-2 for the PawSox with a 2.21 earned run average, far better than his 1-10 season in 2004.
“It’s like the weather,” said Mr. Fidler, who opposes the property tax measure.
I’m going to miss his humor.” That humor was never more on display than in Mr. Bruno’s public appearances, which — unlike some Albany politicians — he actually seemed to enjoy.
If I’d been up with a bad tooth or a sick child, that’s something he would understand.
The state’s infusion of cash will raise the bank’s core capital ratio, a crucial measure of financial strength, to 11.2 percent, Commerzbank said.
(He is the least-targeted starting cornerback in the league.)
A preliminary investigation indicated that the fire had spread from candles in a third-floor bedroom.
If a concert in Pyongyang, why not in Tehran?
That is why officials insist they have no choice but to impose another fare increase — the second in two years.
Among those categories not actively tracked are: perennial sellers; required classroom reading; text, reference and test preparation guides; journals and workbooks; calorie counters; shopping guides; comics and crossword puzzles.
I don’t know if the Rays will contend all season, but no one would be surprised to see them win half their games.
We must root out this evil.” The novel appeared in Novy Mir in early 1962.
No other designer could beat him for brio and bankability, but by the mid-1990s he was grouching about being bored by design.
After a great deal of repairs and a major addition that included the new living room and the fireplace, the Bartmans have a three-bedroom, two-and-a-half-bathroom house that doesn’t bounce at all.
D’Antoni has an abundance of it.
“Having worked in corporate America for 20 years, I find, as much as women have had some movement up, the glass ceiling is still very strong,” said Ms. Phillips, the performance artist.
These horses are the minority in France; a 1,400-meter, or seven-furlong, race at a country track probably won’t draw a full field, while 2,000 or 2,400 meters — a mile and a quarter or a mile and a half — will probably be filled.
Three years after Gene Keady left as Purdue’s head coach, the Boilermakers are still stigmatized as a plodding, defensive-oriented team that trudges through set after set of scripted plays.
: Thomas Paul Sealife melamine plates are even more gorgeous when accompanied by a clutch of lobsters; $36 for a set of four dinner plates, $28 for a set of four salad plates, $15 for a set of four coasters at utilitieshome.com.
Two years ago he said in an interview that he had seen only four concerts in his life, other than ones he'd played in.
There is nothing quite like an old- fashioned academic cat fight.
(Brantley) ‘HAIRSPRAY’ Fizzy pop, cute kids, large man in a housedress (2:30).
Because so few studies have focused on resistance, the authors say, the number of drug-resistant patients is unclear.
“The concern a lot of us have is, relative to last year, a large number of transactions involve houses that have been foreclosed on,” Mr. Barbera said.
(Scott) ★ ‘JELLYFISH’ (No rating, 1:18, in Hebrew) A charming oddity from Israel, directed by Etgar Keret and Shira Geffen, in which lonely lives criss-cross and zig-zag, revealing serendipitous patterns of meaning and emotion.
But no decisions were made, said the officials, who declined to speak for attribution because of the highly delicate nature of the discussions.
The west should support and give credit to all the positive changes in China rather than putting negative view about China every opportunity it gets.
The deal comes two days after Chicago re-signed Rex Grossman, their starter two years ago, to a one-year contract.
Dr. Jarvik did not attend the conference, which marked the 25th anniversary of the heart’s experimental use to extend the life of Barney Clark, a dentist in Seattle.
RETURNING to her brownstone in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn, after a long weekend out of town, Diane Raimondo was peeved to find the front gate left open.
Choose Tuckered Out writeMapLink("http://www.nytimes.com/imagepages/2008/03/13/travel/escapes/okemo_map6.html",6); , to the right as you disembark the Jackson Gore Express quad writeMapLink("http://www.nytimes.com/imagepages/2008/03/13/travel/escapes/okemo_map7.html",7); .
; a brother, Donald, of Woonsocket; two sisters, Jean O’Donnell of Woonsocket and Patricia Savard of Barrington, R.I.; and one granddaughter.
Parents gathered and the coach spoke consoling words.
“We try to teach them, ‘Bloom where you are planted,’ ” she says.
The most unusual of these dwellings is the one built in 1905 for George E. Gale at 1305 Albemarle, at the northeast corner of Argyle Road, in white clapboard with a colossal two-story Ionic portico.
A liquefied natural gas terminal proposed for Long Island Sound moved a step closer to approval on Friday with a finding by the staff of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission that it would have no major environmental impact on the region.
“It’s a human being judging.
Opposition to the pact has mainly taken two different forms: the Sadrists reject any agreement with the Americans, while others, primarily Sunni lawmakers, tentatively approve of the pact but want certain guarantees, including amnesty for most Sunni detainees in American custody, before they sign on.
“The series carries the usual bag of space-fiction hard- and software — lasers, telepathy, time warps, etc.,” he wrote in the 1960s about a new show, “Star Trek.” “Countering the comic-strip values is the image of an integrated crew representing diverse races — albeit the captain is an American and the known space system seems to be under the benevolent hegemony of a Pax Americana.” In the postwar 1940s, working in the radio documentary unit at CBS with Edward R. Murrow, Mr. Shayon wrote and directed two special programs that helped elevate the medium.
Clemens, by virtue of his performance Wednesday, has to be a prime candidate for the same treatment.
“It’s as simple as that, both on the 25-man roster and beyond.” Hank Steinbrenner said in spring training that he hoped to discuss a contract extension with Cashman, but Cashman would prefer to wait until the off-season.
Perhaps this will be the moment when we shift our focus from step three, rational calculation, to step one, perception.
On Oct. 18, The New Times ran an article under the bylines of Mr. Larkin and Mr. Lacey criticizing the broad subpoenas; later that same day, the two were picked up and taken to jail.
They helped convince us, back when we were truly the center of the universe, that New York might actually share that honor.
This is probably a good thing, because chances are the viewing public will be more interested in such escapist fare as “The Bachelorette” and “The Mole” — not to mention a new casting competition for the latest version of “High School Musical” — than in shows that might depict more commonplace realities (anyone for a series about how to avoid foreclosure?).
“And,” he continued, “he just wasn’t imaginative or energetic enough to leave a mark.” Mr. Berlusconi, he said, ran a campaign that emphasized a natural glee that Italians still find attractive.
“So sometimes someone will be working on something so hard, and it’s so beautiful, and that can go on for years.
(Through Jan. 25 at 103 East 15th Street, Manhattan, 212-239-6200; $39.
Allowances are issued and companies are free to sell them to one another.
I thought about this, but have to say no, even though I have had experience singing songs in Spanish.
The start-up is latest to cash in on the popularity of organic beverages.
Among other questions still to be answered are how long the United States wants basing rights in Iraq and how it might assuage Iraqis demanding the right to try American troops and contractors accused of killing civilians and other misdeeds.
This is more akin to a slow-motion, chain-reaction car crash.
But in January 2007, Mr. Bush told a Texas television interviewer that he would review the agents’ cases; presidents are free to give pardons and commutations to people who have not submitted a petition.
The Stadium will close earlier than Girardi expected.
The project began to take on its current look and design in fall 2006, when Curtis Wong started working on it full time.
He now enjoys a big financial advantage.
In 2006 and 2007, she was a clerk for Judge Edwards.
“And this is why there is a return to the radicalization of the Arab attitude, meaning the words ‘peace process’ no longer hold any meaning.” Egypt and Jordan have specific practical concerns because they fear they will ultimately be pressed to absorb the Palestinians into their states, a prospect they find as abhorrent as Israelis view the prospect of joining their Palestinians in a so-called one-state solution, meaning the end of Israel as a state of the Jewish people.
(He is a pack rat in that regard, too.)
distributes tickets, only about a third will go to season-ticket holders or the general public.
Since then, Congressional investigators found the department failing to meet even half its own performance expectations.
“There is so much we could have done,” she said.
“Who are they to decide who competes for the championship?"
“Every family has some little bit of dysfunction and tension around Christmas and Thanksgiving,” said Mr. Upton, who came to a recent Spanish version with a neighbor who is Salvadoran.
Six people were arrested after she was rescued.
Raul Casanova started at catcher Thursday night against the Nationals, and the Mets recalled Gustavo Molina from Class AAA New Orleans to serve as the temporary backup.
It publishes an annual Harvard 100, a ranking of the university’s most influential alumni: last year, its top five, in order, were Al Gore, President Bush, Justice Anthony Kennedy, Senator Barack Obama and Bill Gates.
By 1896, 971 public libraries had 1,000 volumes or more.
that was built in the stone age (circa 2005).
NEW BRUNSWICK Museum of the American Hungarian Foundation 20th annual Festival of Trees, an exhibition of holiday trees from around the world.
“It’s not a matter of, ‘is reception good in your neighborhood’; it’s a matter of, ‘can I get the signal in the bedroom?’ ” Centris also estimated that of the 117 million TVs not connected to cable or satellite, up to 80 percent have set-top rabbit-ear antennas that may not be able to pull in an adequate digital signal.
H. Welbourn, III of Owings Mills, MD and two sons R.J. Montgomery Wilson, Jr. of Reading, MA and Geoffrey L. Wilson of Poughkeepsie, NY as well as six grandchildren.
He was away from home a lot and was none too glad to see Augusten when he got back, not even when Augusten greeted him in a homemade dog costume.
National chains, including Outback Steakhouse, Legal Sea Foods, Charlie Brown’s Steakhouse and P. F. Chang’s China Bistro also offer gluten-free menu items, according to representatives for the companies.
“You’ll take the extra electricity and, if battery technology works, you’ll put it in batteries.
In a world where people are living longer and inflation is certain, those promises will be anything but easy to keep.” He did not discuss why he wanted to insure municipal bonds issued by governments making such promises.
The Music Bridge, like the AirPort Express, connects to the stereo with standard AV cables.
Despite all this, we Americans insist on the inalienable right to speed.
The United States Supreme Court declined to hear appeals in both cases.
“I believe that this book constitutes the wholesale theft of 17 years of my hard work,” she testified, going on to denounce the book as plagiarism and a waste of money.
Mr. McCain said he had not expected Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki to try to oust Shiite militias from Basra without consulting the Americans, and that he was troubled by some of the demands that were made by the Shiite cleric Moktada al-Sadr as part of his offer of a ceasefire after the militias held off the American-supported assault.
The apogee of such exotic sound systems appearing as factory options in luxury brands may well be the 1.1-kilowatt (that’s more than 1,000 watts) Naim Audio systems, which will become an option on all Bentley Motors cars this summer.
Barack Obama , however, by his accomplishments (and most recently, his defeat of Hillary Clinton) has demonstrated that when the forces of ignorance and unfairness require you to work twice as hard as your adversaries to achieve the same goals, something amazing happens: You become better and stronger than them.
Professor Krueger says that he and Ms. Dale are updating the study this year, with new data from more recent students.
We were getting up at 5 a.m. to take care of the animals, and at the time we were thinking we’d retire soon, and I remember thinking: ‘This is not relaxing.” So we took a step back and decided that although we wanted to ride, we wouldn’t necessarily take on our own animals.
When she finally got to a doctor herself, she was told she too had cancer , and that it had spread.
The county contributed about $1.3 million to the project, with other money coming from the county’s Industrial Development Agency and the federal Low-Income Housing Tax Credit program.
You will eventually want to know about those ideas 0f salvation and eternity, just as you will want to learn about the ideas — collaboration, generosity, the embrace of ephemerality — that underpin LeWitt’s art and make it, now more than ever, exemplary.
None of the officials disclosed their financial ties to the mayor’s charity when they testified.
PAGE A24 SPORTS EXTENSIVE SCOUTING LEAVES Few Secrets in N.B.A.
Frances Train Bedford, N.Y., Sept. 28, 2008
I want to think that after today, maybe we will all be a little more like Eve.
“We’ve even had squirrels falling out of the ceiling onto people’s desks.” Construction of the new two-story hall, designed by Pustola & Associates of Naugatuck, Conn., is four months ahead of schedule.
A new large sign on the pedestrian walkway says, “Welcome to Brooklyn,” and embedded into the walkway are the names of various Brooklyn neighborhoods, along with the walking distance to those neighborhoods (in both feet and meters).
“He had the potential of being a very effective mayor over many, many years, and he has wrecked any future political career over a sexual dalliance.” The charges stem from a scandal that has entangled Mr. Kilpatrick’s administration since January, when The Detroit Free Press published text messages between Mr. Kilpatrick and Ms. Beatty, a friend since high school.
Many gay Rangers fans grew up attending games with their families and say they make a distinction between raucous tradition and comments that single out a specific group.
The volumes helped cement Grant’s place as a literary memoirist and not just a war diarist.
TRAKIS--Peter C. Ten long years without you, our Prince.
As my colleague Ellen Barry explained last year, reporting on the 20th annual competition , the event brings together elite sewage treatment workers who work — usually behind the scenes, with little public recognition — for the city’s Department of Environmental Protection.
Besides, other North Fork tasting rooms benefit from consumers drawn by Pindar’s showy populist appeal.
“We believe God is responsible for what happens, even to the car.” But it is not just about faith in the celestial that has people invoking God.
I also attend training camp each year and that is two weeks of straight work.
I suspect that in the grand scheme of things, Barry Bonds , Roger Clemens and all the others being publicly flogged are high-priced fall guys in a scandal that helped create revenue and excitement when Major League Baseball needed it most.
Pilot possibilities include “Life on Mars,” a BBC adaptation; “Cupid,” about a man who may be the Greek God of love; and “Prince of Motor City,” a Hamlet-inspired story set in Detroit.
The superb German bass René Pape will illuminate the desperation of this tormented czar, racked with guilt and doubt, when he sings it on Sunday during a concert performance with the Met Orchestra, led by the dynamic Valery Gergiev.
After hours of conversation mostly about the dearth of jobs, they got serious, switched to wine and did what countless slightly crazy souls have done before them: they decided to start their own company.
The Mets were interested in Ibáñez, meeting with his representatives at the winter meetings in Las Vegas, but Minaya is committed to improving the pitching staff before upgrading the offense.
“You want to reward players who put themselves out there by playing extra tournaments, that helps build the sport,” Scott said.
“In an open primary like New Hampshire, especially, people know they can vote.” He said the Democratic Party “should be doing a ton more” to reach out to the independents.
As he has done with the conquistadors and the Norse and the French, he can’t resist making the debunker’s case about the “myths” surrounding the explorers and settlers.
If there’s a tie in that category, Inside Higher Ed goes to the N.C.A.A.’s graduation success rate to break it.
But most of us will live out our lives physically intact, and we don’t like to bother you with what we’ve seen and done and what we think about at night.
While he has yet to have a breakout year a la fellow Sun Belt members Troy or Florida Atlantic, Roberts has been consistent.
With his friends Walter (Judge Reinhold) and Lewis (Charles Esten), he packs chicken eggs in a swirl of feathers.
“It gets back to the buildings inspectors’ technical competence,” said Louis J. Coletti, president of the association, which represents union contractors.
Thomson Reuters has its own terminal products, some of which are delivered through proprietary terminals.
(PrivatAir is the company that has ordered two new long-haul Boeing 787 Dreamliners that it plans to convert into luxury business jets for charter flights.)
“It’s not a good thing to cause soldiers who are standing guard against car bombs, snipers and suicide bombers to cover their faces, choke, cough and otherwise degrade our awareness.” Both the helicopter and the vehicle involved in the incident at the Assassins’ Gate checkpoint were not from the United States military, but were part of a convoy operated by Blackwater Worldwide , the private security contractor that is under scrutiny for its role in a series of violent episodes in Iraq, including a September shooting in downtown Baghdad that left 17 Iraqis dead.
The device, which sells for $100 to $170 depending on features, saves a person the trouble of climbing a ladder repeatedly.
“We are trying to be as innovative as we can with public health resources,” but “we need help from others.” Another problem is that newer tests are not being used as much as they should be, Dr. Douglas said.
And coal stocks have priced in an average commodity cost of around $60 a ton, he said, though he thought it would be closer to $90 to $100.
A new generation of hardliners, soon to be known as “neoconservatives” and championed by Ronald Reagan , denounced the rapprochement as naïve; but their dark view of Russia seemed to us at odds with reality.
On a day when the specter of Tropical Storm Hanna brought low-slung clouds and an ominous sky, no rain fell during the game.
“Sounds like a few butts might need to be kicked in the publishing world to push them into the 21st century.
But Hamas refused to send the pilgrims back through Kerem Shalom, saying that its supporters could be arrested by Israel.
But don’t you think that homosexuals might also be interested in being loyal and thrifty?
“I’m generously compensated, I know that.
ABC is developing “In the Motherhood” as a television series, for instance.
When I looked up, the woman was kneeling next to me and screaming, “Stop the train!” But even as I realized that I was lying on the filthy subway floor, I felt the calm that comes with returning from deep unconsciousness.
Mr. Obama, on the other hand, is a lawyer and has had a long and deep interest in the courts and the law.
She graduated magna cum laude from Tufts and received a law degree from Georgetown.
And one thing I noticed, whenever I talked to her, is that she would be very adamant about when they started dating.
Teardrop is only four years old, as old as my daughter, Paulina, but it is already a hot spot because of its two-story tubular slide that lands in a giant sand pit.
Is this a case of Montezuma’s Revenge?
well, look at her .
But once he was gone, they waited until the fifth round to take Erik Ainge, whom several teams had placed as a third-round prospect, to add to their quarterback mix.
The man was at work and refused to talk.
Film STORRS Jorgensen Center for the Performing Arts “A Dream in Doubt,” documentary directed by Tami Yeager.
He said the new administration would be committed to security in the Gulf and criticized Iran as trying to destabilize the region.
“There’s an intersection — one might call it a competition — between those businesses as far as advertisers are concerned, and we’ve done that for a whole lot of years and done that quite successfully.” Russ Fradin, the chief executive of Adify, said the deal had come about when his company had been seeking its third round of venture-capital financing two or three months ago.
Its leaders are consumed by yet another round of infighting.
But they end up coming back the next year to look at real estate,” said Mr. Hunter.
We tried to adjust, we tried to get them out of their game plan, but it was just too late.” For Manning and the Giants, the answers came in a timely manner.
“It’s a new experience for people,” the chief said, “and a stress reliever not to have to deal with the heavy traffic of Los Angeles, to relax from a stressful day and go home to see their families.” The camaraderie among train passengers on a daily commute that can occupy two or more hours every day is a new experience for many, said Marianne Lomeli, whose father, Willie Castro, was injured in the crash.
It’s a crude, lumpy, fire-blackened machine for a crude, lumpy, fire-blackened product: piping hot hand-size brick-oven pizzas.
It was a successful return to the races for Big Brown, but not necessarily an overwhelming one.
“Some people are not scared of horses.” The mounted unit had not made a single arrest at the end of July, but the officers said the horses had broken down a barrier, drawing curious adults as well as excited children.
With the exception of one 7-story building, they rise 12 to 15 stories.
This is weighing on wages of less-educated workers while increasing the pay of the most educated.
10 P.M. (Showtime) THIS AMERICAN LIFE Ira Glass begins a second season of forays into the lives of the bizarre and the beautiful, starting in Philadelphia, where teenage boys have found a way to impress girls through a form of transportation not in regular use since the 19th century.
Some retailers and manufacturers are laying off workers and the government is now grappling with a slow-motion run on its banks.
“You can have this pain and disability at any stage; it’s not just limited to the elderly,” Ms. Eggers said.
Its choice featured the Islamic crescent, but in colors reminiscent of Israel's blue-and-white flag.
His daughter Rochelle Hayes Skala confirmed the death.
“My husband is White,” she wrote, “I am part negro, & part indian.” Five years earlier, they married in Washington, she explained, but did not know that there was a law in Virginia, where they lived, against mixed marriages.
Mr. Pennario was also a friend of Alfred Sheinwold, who was best known for his syndicated columns about bridge.
But for the sake of argument, let’s posit that one thread of the Obama-is-doomed scenario is right: His lead should be huge in a year when the G.O.P.
Photographs of the winning costume were not, however, permanently deleted from the camera.
Devoted grandfather of Adam, Peri and Brandon.
“I don’t know what I’d have done without my mom,” Mr. Evans said.
Fuzzy logic is used in automated technology that must sense and adjust for various factors, like mixing cement (depends on humidity) and changing traffic lights (depends on traffic).
And some research suggests that donations to education actually increase inequality because they go mostly to elite institutions attended by the wealthy.)
“There’s been some nice brownies and I enjoyed the decluttering project,” he said.
Kip D. Penniman Jr., an analyst with KDP Investment Advisors, said bondholders should prepare for a fight.
The walls in this large and rather grim exhibition space — normally used for Phillips de Pury & Company auction displays — do not meet the ceiling, so sounds more than carry.
They can expect to pay more for fewer choices — the industry’s new norm.
By and large, the vote was peaceful, with the long lines dissipating as the day went on.
“They get very passionate about seeing themselves represented on TV,” she said Thursday morning, sewing her toe shoes while waiting in line.
Mr. Gordon, a playwright and director, and Mr. Grayling, a philosophy professor at London University, are more forthright in addressing the topical question of whether religious belief is an irrational superstition and a danger to the planet or an ineradicable human need and potentially a force for good.
Just look at the Fear Index.
His final event of the day was set for the wholly sane hour of 8:30 p.m. (Des Moines.)
The sound of a wounded heart breaking is not often heard in much of contemporary drama, with its raucous harangues and shouted obscenities.
Interment to follow at Temple Israel Cemetery, Hastings on Hudson.
“But as it started to take a negative turn over the last several months, they felt the effects of rising costs of doing business as reflected by these results.”
The American aid is meant to build an armed force to help stabilize Lebanon and provide a legitimate alternative to the Shiite militant group Hezbollah.
That means figuring out who are the most important people to you at the Thanksgiving table and asking what they really want from the day and from you, the host.
Gill laughed when reminded that other candidates were reluctant to interview for the job.
I think he was making a little joke, knowing he was venturing into the who-asked-you world of Nixon.
After the Getty won the lawsuit on appeal in 2002, allowing the renovation of the villa and the construction of the Barbara and Lawrence Fleischman Theater to proceed, it set to smoothing the ruffled feathers among its neighbors who had feared that noise from the theater would disturb the serene environment of the canyon.
Mr. Wasserman wrote more than 75 scripts for television, the stage and the movies, including screenplays for “The Vikings” (1958), a seafaring epic with Tony Curtis and Kirk Douglas, and “A Walk With Love and Death” (1969), a John Huston film set in 14th-century Europe.
The Macklowes have come under intense financial pressure with the near collapse of the credit markets, rattling their empire of 15 office towers, 2 development sites and a handful of residential buildings.
He said: ‘We are not going to publish you ever.
“The problem is holding strong while you find your audience.”
As of midday Monday, the chief of the Union County police, Daniel Vaniska, said it was too early to tell whether any of the tips would prove useful.
“We can use DNA analysis to identify who’s there, but it doesn’t mean that they cause the problem,” said Robert Koestler, director of the Museum Conservation Institute at the Smithsonian.
A team spokesman said Crennel and Quinn would not be available for comment until Tuesday.
We need a solution to the growing number of teenage drinkers.
He was sort of a mathematician.
Eliot Spitzer of New York recently proposed creating a $4 billion endowment for public universities, to be paid for by selling part of the state’s lottery business.
I want to see when Orlando Hernandez returns — and which windup he uses .
Elation turned to confusion and tragedy in a matter of strides beyond the wire.
“Typically our clients do something different every three to four years, so that five-year window is a good window to lock in an interest rate,” she said.
The Dalai Lama’s nonviolent “middle way” offered hope for a workable solution, but that hope seems to be fading.
“We’re gratified that they relented on what had been identified as the most important issue and realized that baseball photos online were not only important to our readers but also to their fans,” said George Freeman, vice president and assistant general counsel for The New York Times Company.
Mr. Reinhart says Mr. Paulson, like Mr. Bush, would ordinarily resist government intervention.
Monks and other Tibetans are meeting in quiet corners.
In fact, the decision to settle or not to settle often has nothing to do with the specific case itself.
Time is not measured in the usual ways for the detainees.
Buffett paid $4 billion for 80 percent of Iscar and the deal just happened to close a few days before Hezbollah, a key part of Iran’s holding company, attacked Israel in July 2006, triggering a monthlong war.
Oil prices headed in an unusual direction — down — for the second consecutive day on Tuesday, leaving energy experts to wonder whether the drop is the beginning of a lasting trend or just a brief pause before another surge.
“The hands were a dead giveaway,” he said.
On Aug. 19, 2003, a suicide bombing at Baghdad’s Canal Hotel, which was then headquarters for the United Nations in Iraq, killed 23 people, including Sergio Vieira de Mello, who was at that time the United Nations secretary general’s special representative in Iraq.
greats Wilt Chamberlain and Shaquille O’Neal.
The house, which evolved to include variations on those ideas, if not always strict adherence, was completed last year, and Mr. Cutler and Ms. Procter, 40, live in a three-story open space, where the only rooms with doors are the three bathrooms and the guest room.
Rescuers have reached a cluster of brightly colored party balloons floating in the ocean off Brazil ’s coast, but did not find the Roman Catholic priest who had been using them in an attempt to set a flight record.
“I thought it was cute.” About five weeks later, after hanging out together, Mr. Klein confessed to a friend that he had a crush on her.
If you believe Charles Dickens had bad memories of the blacking factory, you haven’t visited Dunleavy school with Corey Sifter.
And under the auspices of the nonprofit Art Production Fund, several other biennial artists have made site-specific works in the building’s outsize, baronial, wood-paneled halls.
It has been four years since Comcast , the cable company, abandoned its hostile bid for Walt Disney .
“I think it puts in question excellence,” she said.
But for better or worse, the guy loves Nix.
Yet as “Lost” embarks on Thursday night on the second half of its strike-shortened fourth season, the series is moving at a breakneck pace that has excited the fan base and energized the show’s writers, actors and staff.
The boy, German Delgado, had been in and out of foster care, said a woman whose family he had been living with two months ago.
“This march sends a powerful message to Mayor Bloomberg and the City Council that we can do better when it comes to immigrants,” said Chung-Wha Hong, executive director of The New York Immigration Coalition, which organized the event.
I attended weekly rehearsals and, on May 1, made my Symphony Space debut, playing selections from such pieces as Holst’s “Planets” and Rimsky-Korsakov’s “Snow Maiden.” I shared a stand with a confident fifth grader named Francesca who, when I got lost in the score, was kind enough to point out the place where I should be.
He developed a syndrome neurologists call profound amnesia .
The Giants, underdogs throughout the playoffs, beat the Patriots in Super Bowl XLII, 17-14.
The cause was injuries suffered in a fall on Sunday at his home in nearby Belmont, Mass., said his companion, Edwina L. Rissland.
One can only hope that his successor, to be appointed by the next president, will keep the faith.
In December, proof of trouble at one mortgage company came in the form of a 42-second audio track.
Loving husband of Catherine Caldwell Teague Matthews.
He received an M.B.A. from Columbia.
“Emmett Till was lynched in Mississippi in 1955,” Ms. Allen said.
He was a loving son, brother, husband, father, grandfather, family member, friend and son of God.
Mr. Cheshire said that a copy of the district attorney’s notes was altered to conceal those facts before they were provided to the defense for discovery.
Her plan is to find work in a fish cannery, maybe in Ketchikan.
Unless a small-business owner sits a student down and relays her story of struggle, self-doubt and eventual success, that student may never learn that dedication can eventually bring rewards.
The turning point in the story comes early, when Manon meets the dashing Chevalier des Grieux, a poor student despite his title, here the veteran tenor Marcello Giordani.
While Woods’s decision late last week to skip this week’s Memorial tournament, his original target for a return, did not set off alarms, it did start the rumor mill churning with talk that he might not be ready for the Open.
Mussina is one of several veteran Yankees who will be free agents this winter, including Bobby Abreu , who homered twice and drove in six runs Thursday.
Other Information on the Web: “Rauschenberg and Dance: Partners for Life” found online at //www.nytimes.com/2008/05/14/arts/dance/14coll.html?ref=design “A Rarely Seen Side of a Rauschenberg Shift” found online at //www.nytimes.com/2007/03/08/arts/design/08raus.html?scp=5&sq=robert+rauschenberg&st=nyt “Out of Anything: Rauschenberg in Retrospect” found online at //www.nytimes.com/2005/12/23/arts/design/23raus.html?scp=8&sq=robert+rauschenberg&st=nyt Academic Content Standards: Grades 6-8 Visual Arts Standard 1- Understands and applies media, techniques, and processes related to the visual arts.
Who, exactly, are their critics?
''That would be very exciting,'' she said.
It is really great to see those guys enjoying it as much as they are.” Toomer, 33, and Strahan, 36, have built a unique friendship and bonded tighter than ever during this playoff run, which leads to Green Bay on Sunday for the National Football Conference championship game.
And it’s not as if New York’s ski areas lacked cachet or credentials.
He said the Housing Authority’s elevator division had been restructured in the last few years.
First one hoof, then another.
He gave it all up in 2007 to help make Israel a model of how an entire country can get off gasoline and onto electric cars.
over the next six months over whether it should continue to observe or assist the C.I.A.
Pay can be retracted from workers who engage in “conduct detrimental to the firm,” according to an internal memorandum announcing the move, or who cause “a restatement of results, a significant financial loss or other reputational harm.” Morgan Stanley already holds on to 35 to 60 percent of high earners’ bonuses, but in the past it has held that money entirely in stock and stock options.
It’s useless trivia, of course, but maybe there really is a pattern: while the Yankees thrive with Democrats, the Mets win their titles with Republicans in office.
But some scenery trucks have headed to theatrical shops to resize the “August” sets.
Plenty of room for you and your whole family on Hoffman Island, Swinburne’s neighbor to the north.
At the far low end of the spectrum are quick-fix plasterboard renovations with, say, a log railing.
Disneynature will be based outside Paris and run by Jean-François Camilleri, who has recently served as general manager of Walt Disney Motion Pictures France.
The bride’s father is the assistant deputy administrator for plant protection and quarantine in the Agriculture Department Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service.
But it does not seem to be under serious consideration yet in the Bush administration or Congress.
His meticulous historicizing works in the case of hip-hop’s well-documented inception during the mid-’70s: poverty and urban decay in places like the Bronx produced “an environment that had become comparable to the one in ‘Lord of the Flies,’ where children stranded on an island with no adult guidance create a new, brutal social order of their own.” Hip-hop was therapy, after-school program and part-time job rolled into one.
Mr. Steinbrück, who is credited with bringing Germany’s budget deficit back in line with European Union rules in recent years, is making a big push to win backing for his strategy before the government introduces its economic growth package next week.
In addition to his devoted wife Marjorie of fifty-six years, he is also survived by three daughters, Marjorie Tabak and her husband Jeremy of Miami, Florida, Jane Joyce and her husband Barry Smith of New York City, Laura Joyce of Norwalk, CT, five grandchildren, Megan, Deirdre and Claire Tabak, Madeline and Christopher Smith.
To this end they submitted the film to the Sundance Film Festival : the first time, they said, a film created for broadcast network television was screened there.
Before every road game, the Pittsburgh Panthers have a tradition of taking a halfcourt shot at the end of practice before the game.
“It was like we were the insurgents.
“We had to educate and communicate more from Day 1 than with any other issue.” IN the two years since the initial revaluation, the town has continued to keep assessments current at 100 percent of market value using mass appraisal computer techniques.
The transponder, the equipment that was switched off, was American-built.
Mr. Amis, who also wrote “The Book of Bond, or Every Man His Own 007,” loved the Bond novels and wasn’t slumming when he agreed to try one.
$7; seniors and students, $5; children under 18, free.
Indeed, in the wee hours of Friday, consumers pulled folded pieces of paper from their pockets before surging into stores.
Most of those weeks it was on the list at the same time as ''Dreams From My Father.''
2 and 3 are the most important to networks who want to keep shows in production and keep generating steady profits for their parent companies.
City and state officials said the problem was caused by computer errors that they were working to fix, yet it persisted for years despite repeated reprimands from the federal government.
But Congress has apparently found a way around the president’s order.
Crawford and Randolph were the Knicks’ top scorers this season, averaging a combined 40 points a game.
Critics fishing for complaints also occasionally say that he conducts at extreme tempos.
But I don’t know that anyone tried to talk him out of it.” Cook said that Favre feels physically and mentally capable of playing at least one more year.
The Fed has twice cut short-term interest rates sharply, lowering its benchmark rate to 3 percent, reflecting both the central bank’s anxiety and its determination to try to lift the economy despite serious concerns about the risk of higher inflation.
Through the years, he said, more than 1,000 at-risk young people have arrived at his doors.
“Oh, they shouldn’t have done that,” Smith said.
The book’s title poem starts with the type of slapstick first line Ashbery deals us from time to time, as if to mock the impulse, both his and the reader’s, to look to poetry for meaning: “A yak is a prehistoric cabbage: of that, at least, we may be sure.” Before the poem concludes, however, it climbs from the ridiculous to the sublime: ... No more trivia, please, but music in all the spheres, leading up to where the master wants to talk to you, place his mouth over yours, withdraw the human fishhook from the crystalline flesh where it was melting, give you back your clothes, penknife, twine.
When they signed up their son Marcus Jr., 9 and finishing third grade, officials helped them find a nicer house within walking distance of the school.
But to go looking for a fight, looking for trouble, no.”
Lochte, 23, emerged from the pool with the dazed look of a bridegroom who had been left at the altar.
We’re urging the public to put pressure on the museum so the union can be recognized.”
519-553, and, in the same book, Lockley, M. G. “The paleoecological and paleoenvironmental utility of dinosaur tracks.” pp.
Specialists arrived in Port Wentworth to help extinguish a five-day-old sugar refinery fire that is burning too intensely and deeply for standard firefighting to douse, and officials feared that the deadly blaze could again burst into explosions.
supporter: “You should not ignore the shooting, nor justify that they shoot at the French-Algerians in general, and thus entangled, shoot at my family, who have always been poor and without hatred ... No cause, even if it had remained innocent and just, will ever tear me from my mother, who is the greatest cause that I know in the world.”
In the eighth inning Sunday, Suzuki must have wished he were anywhere else.
“Sharing an idea the right way is just as important as doing the work itself,” he says.
There are open-air loggias with pebblewood cypress ceilings and lanterns.
Day to day, the lab is now run by Rachel Glennerster , who came from the International Monetary Fund , and it has become a magnet for some of the world’s best development economists, including Marianne Bertrand, Michael Kremer and Edward Miguel.
But I think that each of these generation of players have some really spectacular things about them and some not so good.
“They never learned how to be creative and design into a business.” What concerns Ms. Vernon is that there are fewer seasoned designers than available positions.
I think he is one of the most competent Treasury secretaries we’ve ever had, and it is hard to imagine anyone else handling this crisis any better.
“The two-year deadline was arbitrary.” Ms. Napolitano and the other governors say the Guard should stay while the Border Patrol continues a hiring frenzy toward meeting a goal of about 18,000 agents by the end of the year, double its size from 2001.
Others have increased the size of their existing gardens.
“Every day I’m working on everything from the design of our shops to the heel of a shoe to a piece of fabric for men’s to knitwear for women to the media campaign.
On our final day, we woke early to make sure we were ready for the 8:30 a.m. bird -feeding ritual, a much-touted attraction of the Jemby-Rinjah lodge.
Beloved husband of the late Elizabeth.
Conflict is hardly uncommon in the music of Atmosphere, a Minneapolis duo made up of Slug (Sean Daly) and his D.J.-producer, Ant (Anthony Davis).
For the more outdoorsy set, Ryder Walker Alpine Adventures ( www.ryderwalker.com/appenzellerland.html ) has an all-inclusive six-night guided inn-to-inn hiking tour through the Appenzell region from Sept. 20 to 25, for $1,750.
Though common in the Midwest for at least a decade, ethanol-gas blends — often called gasohol — arrived on the coasts a few years ago.
Democratic officials said one analysis estimated that about 440,000 people would fall under the new tax and would pay an average of nearly $9,000 a year.
On the first wave, he went left in a classic Pipeline barrel and emerged with a score of 9.0.
 Downsizing of the Rockefeller Center Christmas tree.
The competing markets, which long ago expanded beyond their original specialties, now occupy all the street-level retail space.
A memorial service will be held on December 27, 2008 at 11:00am, St. John's Church in Essex, New York.
The officer, identified as Silence Chirara by The Associated Press, was ambushed late Wednesday by men brandishing assault rifles, United Nations officials said Friday.
They do in his films, but at the same time he is unnervingly prescient about modern life.
Making it easier for police to trace guns used in crimes would also deter straw purchasers who supply gang members and other dangerous individuals unable to pass a background check.
“We’ve got a bet going,” Matsui replied.
Brian Stokes Mitchell, President Joseph P. Benincasa, Executive Director
He will be deeply missed by all who loved him.
He had briefly been to Washington as a special assistant to Stewart Udall, the conservation-minded secretary of the interior under John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson.
He has turned down many shallow, stereotypical jobs, he said; a test for him is whether his two teenage children can watch his performance and whether his mother and siblings would be proud.
Page found an unlikely co-star in Buster Keaton and appeared opposite that deadpan clown in “Free and Easy” (1930) and “Sidewalks of New York” (1931).
Her birthday wishes eschewed the usual in favor of adventures — sky diving and paintball and BMX races.
LARCHMONT Mamaroneck Artists Guild “Seeing Small,” photographs by H. David Stein.
St. Benedict’s then won two holiday tournaments: the City of Palms Classic in Fort Myers, Fla., and the Bojangles Shootout in North Carolina, where Samuels was named the most valuable player.
“We are so different from the Republicans on all of these issues.” The low-key tenor of the debate would seem to belie the dynamics of the race: Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Obama involved in a pitched fight for the nomination and Mr. Edwards struggling to break through.
“Acceptable Forms of Injury and/or Disfigurement,” Peenesh amended.
“We agonized over it,” Mr. Gomez said.
Family is blood , they say, and Mr. Obama made a conscious decision to become close with Mr. Wright and his church.
About two months after Italy hoisted the World Cup in 2006, following a championship game that was watched by more than a billion people worldwide, 48 teams gathered in Cape Town for a tournament that had little glitz or cachet — the Homeless World Cup.
Most of the residents of the luxury co-op have purchased apartments that cost from about $500,000 to $1.3 million.
Live music Thursday through Saturday evenings .
“I felt I had to be brave.” In January 2002, Mr.
Lest we forget, things really have gotten better in the Americas.
Two of the most commonly cited fiscal solutions are tapping into the state’s $1.2 billion reserve and raising income taxes on the state’s highest earners.
The prints appeared on brightly colored silk dresses and effectively provided a link to the prints that Gianni Versace created.
One group called itself the Broader, Bolder Approach to Education; Ravitch was a signatory to that one, and the group’s declaration echoed her belief that schools alone were no match for the problems of inner-city youth.
Bill Wood Jr. was a commercial photographer who operated in Fort Worth from 1937 to 1970.
Ten days later Marlowe died under suspicious circumstances in a tavern brawl.
But he said his assignment was to represent his unit — and the Army — by winning an Olympic medal.
It was rapid-fire — from Mr. Shatner’s mouth, it sounded like “Dennycrane” — and it instantly announced a self-centeredness and impatience.
The executive chef, Vivek Singh, and the managing director, Rohit Chugh, will serve what they describe as innovative, modern Indian cuisine, dishes like chargrilled duck with sesame and tamarind glaze, and grilled fat chilies with Hyderabadi mince.
The list will officially grow Aug. 18 when The Barclays, the first of four events in the 2008 PGA Tour playoffs for the FedEx Cup, begins.
“When I finally get through to him,” Mr. Lusina said, “he goes: ‘You can’t be Lusina.
Roussel, who won the 1988 Preakness and Belmont with Risen Star, recently returned to training after a four-year absence.
“This industry just didn’t have any real green standards,” said Spyro Kourtis, president of the Hacker Group, the Seattle direct-marketing company that headed the Green Marketing Coalition.
Maria Callas’s 1953 “Lucia,” with forces from the May Festival in Florence, Italy, is not just her best recording of the role but a milestone in the discography of opera .
That was less than the hit taken by many other banks, but its capital cushion remains one of the thinnest among European banks, especially after British rivals Royal Bank of Scotland and HBOS unveiled big rights issues.
Yet career diplomats like Ronald E. Neumann, a former ambassador to Afghanistan who now heads the American Academy of Diplomacy, called it the best job in the world.
Violence also erupted on Saturday in the city of Kirkuk, where a suicide bombing killed at least five people and wounded at least seven, including Abdul Kareem Ahmed al-Obaydi, a prominent member of the American-backed Sunni forces known as Awakening Councils.
“It is kind of wild.
His own father, Edward, considered himself a more creative, independent type and did very well with a patented shock absorber for automobiles.
A private funeral was held at Green River Cemetery, East Hampton, on June 15th.
Love, Joan and Alan Lissy and Allen WILKINS--Iris.
They hired me two days later, and part of the deal was that I had to move to northwestern Connecticut, where they were living full time.
Four piers that jab into the East River, opposite 37th to 42nd Streets in Manhattan.
At the reception guests shared their talents, from juggling to rope tricks to what seemed deliberately lame humor.
The charities that fell victim to Mr. Madoff would not be eligible for any relief because they are exempt from taxes.
American, the largest domestic carrier and a division of the AMR Corporation, announced in May that it would cut flights by 11 percent to 12 percent in the United States, and by about 8 percent over all.
She wavered for weeks, then did it only on the condition that Mr. Claxton shoot it.
Americans may not call this liberation theology, but they have the sense that things aren’t fair.” Daughtry’s eyes and voice were animated, too, when she spoke about a mentoring program for young women and men that she directed at her father’s church for three years in the mid-1990s, between Clinton-era posts in the U.S. Office of Personnel Management and as assistant secretary for administration and management in the Department of Labor.
Lower Baggot Street is also lined with colorful doors, many immortalized in a classic poster called “The Doors of Dublin.” 7:30 p.m. 2) STAIR FARE There’s an old Irish joke that a seven-course Celtic meal is just a six-pack of Guinness and a potato.
“We need Congress to take an active interest in assuring the integrity, safety and economic viability of this magnificent sport,” Jackson said.
We had to take notice of the intriguing news that Caroline Kennedy wants to become New York's next United States senator.
She must also persuade her boss, President Bush, to quickly take North Korea off the terrorism list.
The Hideaway in TriBeCa isn’t famous for whisper-smooth cocktails or brandy snifters; instead, it’s the basic neighborhood bar of a food-lover’s dreams.
The Commodores struggled at times on offense, never finding any consistency out of the quarterback position, but used a strong defense (allowing 325.2 yards per game) to stay in games.
Mr. Obama was as heated and intense as he has been at any debate over the last year.
New Age music played on a sound system in the waiting room.
Lenny is and will always be a part of us.
Dr. Richard J. O'Reilly, a pediatric oncologist and chairman of pediatrics at Sloan-Kettering, said that Dr. Tan's ''enormous discipline and stalwart support for promising drugs'' was instrumental in the acceptance of daunomycin, which remains in wide use.
According to one account, during the final night of the three-night-long recording sessions, the studio was struck by lightning and caught fire.
“You do not have the necessary security clearance,” Judge Kohlmann said.
Khagen Sharma, the inspector general of police in Assam State, said the authorities suspected that the attacks may have been orchestrated by the United Liberation Front of Assam working with militant jihadist groups.
“Selling to resale shops becomes a platform to recycle,” she said.
They can adapt solutions to local circumstances.” It is too soon to say how effective any of the programs will be.
The only mystery is that we expect it to be otherwise.” What a cleareyed, sad and deeply tragicomic description of the limits of mother love, and just in time for the holiday.
“I definitely feel like there is a big correlation between her living here and her having asthma,” she said.
The shrinking pie — and the growing uncertainty over who qualifies — has thrown Washington’s legal and lobbying establishment into a mad scramble.
But I took pleasure in the experience.
The offer of a weeknight prime-time show is one that Mr. Zucker has favored for some time.
The more they did so, the more market pressure was brought to bear to deflate those mortgage-backed securities, helping to bring them back down to earth.
Its central commercial street, Regents Park Road, is lined with independent boutiques, restaurants and cafes with outdoor seating.
Quick Center for the Arts, Fairfield University, 1073 North Benson Road.
For many members of Congress, regulating bankers’ livelihoods to keep them from ruining everybody else’s may seem like an attractive move.
With that comes bitter confusion about which right thing we must cling to next: Our God?
Christmas in the United States, Mr. Mendoza said, seems to emphasize shopping and elaborate domestic preparations.
Skip Lievsay, the sound editor who has worked with the Coen brothers since their first feature, “Blood Simple” (1984), called “No Country” “quite a remarkable experiment” from a sonic standpoint.
In the space of an hour, we can accomplish a great deal — or very little.
Of course, I told myself the same lie when I cheated.
Unchecked, it now sprawls greedily from the mid-Atlantic seaboard to Maine, strangling other vegetation with gnarly abandon.
But outside their strictly private events, almost no gems were seen in public.
“If we’ve got guys that are going to be good N.B.A.
Glickman’s court geography is Albert’s.
(This year, it expects that number to hit 400,000.)
In any case, Mr. Kearney announced that a pre-auction bid of $500,000 had already been made on the apartment.
The Yankees did not want to give up young pitchers or the money it would have taken to obtain Santana.
LAHORE, Pakistan FRESH out of Cambridge University in the late 1960s, and steeped in the era’s favorites — Marx, Mao and Che — Ahmed Rashid took off for the hills of Baluchistan, a dry, tough patch of western Pakistan.
Eventually the education department gave $58,000.
ShoZu says millions of handsets will be distributed this year in the United States with its software preinstalled.
One woman handed out little silver tins with the words “Yes We Can,” the slogan of the Obama campaign, printed on them.
The risk is greatest in individuals who have more than one clotting defect, as well as in people who smoke or are overweight.
If defeat comes for Hillary Clinton, it will be hard for her to face.
I think it needs vigilance, because you can do terrible things with architecture.
Mr. Downey bravely attempts to bring some depth and compassion to the principal.
There are tantalizing hints of problems — complaints about fatigue, pilots asleep on the flight deck and difficulties communicating with air-traffic controllers — but no indication of how often they occur or whether they are getting worse.
“Are people playing the lottery more?” Mr. Schwartz said many of the people who like playing the slot machines at Foxwoods or the Mohegan Sun were from Massachusetts, New York, Rhode Island and Pennsylvania.
His onstage legacy remains colossal.
Ludlow residents understand that for a place just seven blocks across, their little neighborhood carries tremendous symbolic weight.
Mr. Déby also said he was prepared to pardon the French aid workers sentenced to eight years of hard labor for trying last year to fly more than 100 children out of eastern Chad.
are successful, Dr. Fauci said, the drugs could be added to existing treatment regimens.
The 18-year-old American striker Jozy Altidore was available as a substitute but did not play in Villarreal’s 1-1 tie at Osasuna.
SPRING VALLEY Finkelstein Memorial Library “Lars and the Real Girl,” starring Ryan Gosling.
Those who do will notice that it is abnormally quiet — and that the CD holder instructs listeners to play it on a good stereo and turn it up.
In words that echo Aristotle’s view that a woman is a receptacle for the life force implanted by a man through intercourse, the author refers to Cathy Hilling as “the woman who carried our child” and explains, “Strictly speaking, she was a vessel, the carrier, the biological baby sitter, for my baby.” The title of the article, “Her Body, My Baby,” engages in the same obliterating action, with the author as the stand-in life-force impregnator, situated outside the nine-month process of creating a child but claiming responsibility for and complete ownership of the result.
And Mathias Kiwanuka, a linebacker who was drafted as a defensive end, could also be worked in on the line.
Kudryavtseva built on her second-round upset of Sharapova by defeating Peng Shuai of China, 6-3, 1-6, 6-4.
Rollins also chafed more subdued veterans like Scott Rolen with his incessant chirping.
He has pitched well at times and lost, and while Manager Joe Girardi made excuses for him — “It’s not like he’s getting hammered,” Girardi said — Pettitte has allowed 74 hits in his last 54 innings.
Both Republican and Democratic economists praise the bureau as a model of professional nonpartisanship.
But if folks in Madison, Wis., were looking for a movie last weekend, they would have had more luck with the 2:45 matinee of “Bolt.” “Frost/Nixon,” described far and wide as a favorite in the Oscar race, has yet to open in midsize cities with audiences as sophisticated as those in Madison, New Orleans or Tulsa, Okla.
César and Magdalena Dahua grow cacao, along with pineapples, vanilla, avocados, cassava, coffee, oranges and plantains.
The draft also said that House Republicans should extend existing welfare work requirements to food stamps and housing assistance “so that those who are not old, young or disabled are either working in the private sector or serving in their community.” Mr. Hensarling said his group was emphasizing fiscal policy because polls and recent electoral experience showed that voters viewed Republicans as having strayed too far from the party’s tradition on spending restraint.
The age of the electric car, he is convinced, has dawned.
We like to think the Constitution is always leading us toward a more perfect union.
An awkward truth surfaces and leads to tragedy.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. about a march in support of the city’s sanitation workers, who were striking for wages that would permit them to get off welfare and live in homes with indoor toilets.
I won’t fail you.” Mrs. Rosado nodded.
Temple Sinai of Roslyn records with profound sorrow the death of our devoted member.
What is more, because it relies so much on computer programs and systems, rather than on manpower, the business is highly profitable.
Over at the XM Satellite Radio Holdings display, the company was demonstrating its real-time weather service, which is not on a production vehicle yet.
Iraqi troops had taken the corpse of a guerrilla fighter and turned it face down in the middle of the street, its bare buttocks exposed — for Arabs, a tremendous desecration.
“I always thought someone else was working harder than me, which really made me go nuts with it.
''Music to Warm Your Soul'' includes songs in Hebrew, Spanish, Gaelic and other languages, by the Peace of Heart Choir.
The Twins were 13-3 against the National League going into the weekend’s action and had swept consecutive series against the Nationals, the Diamondbacks and the Padres.
Senator Hillary Clinton may be ahead in the polls here in Pennsylvania, but Senator Barack Obama is the first one up on the air, with two radio spots starting today.
Ian O’Connor, in his book “Arnie & Jack: Palmer, Nicklaus and Golf’s Greatest Rivalry,” observed that the King (Palmer) and the Bear (Nicklaus) were not bullish when it came to breaking down golf’s racial barriers.
When he tried to act in later films (like “On the Beach”), he revealed his own ghostliness.
Zicasso took about a day to get back to me about my Negril request.
In his book “Brooklyn’s Green-Wood Cemetery: New York’s Buried Treasure,” Green-Wood’s historian, Jeff Richman, notes that New York at the time had few public parks and little public sculpture, which partly explains the attraction.
A man in the tiny bleachers said he was the coordinator of this Sunday amateur league.
That was the point of the Games, beyond the gold medal fest Chinese athletes produced.
After the decisive Game 6, an 8-6 defeat, eggs were thrown at his house.
Mr. Lombard’s strategies had also contributed to an internal clash that resulted in the exodus of several entertainment executives.
Raised in a middle-class family on the Upper West Side, successful at a relatively young age, he was generous not only to my mother, but also to her siblings, their spouses and their children.
But the Knicks’ intentions were evident in their recruiting of Duhon.
Still, Mr. Rosenberg is wistful about the prospect of a permanent reunion at the Musée Fabre, where the “Venus and Adonis,” one of four Poussins in its collection, normally hangs in a handsome gallery at the heart of the museum.
“The irony here is that had NYRA used the bidding process and concluded that Getnick & Getnick was the most qualified firm, NYRA would have had a reasonable basis for hiring the firm,” Alfred D. Lerner, the chairman of the investigation commission, said in a statement.
There will be a line to get in, so the sidewalk opposite Starbucks will be crowded with women in formal gowns.
According to The Hollywood Reporter: “After 2 1/2 years of negotiations, ‘Family Guy’ creator Seth MacFarlane has inked a new overall deal with 20th Century Fox TV that would make him the highest-paid writer-producer working in television.
Critics said salty mist from the waterfalls has destroyed shrubs, trees and plants on the Brooklyn Promenade.
Mr. Blankenship has been embroiled in a controversy over his relationship with Elliott E. Maynard, the chief justice of the West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals.
The Navy has trained certain units.
This mall was just missing the water.
ConocoPhillips said Wednesday that it would sell 600 company-owned gasoline stations in the United States to PetroSun West for $800 million, completing the oil major’s exit from the low-margin, highly competitive retail business.
“We thought if we couldn’t do well, we wouldn’t sell it.” They began cleaning and decluttering, putting items into their basement storage unit, taking down family photos from the hallway, rearranging their artwork and cleaning out closets.
As they left the bar that day, though, the two fans got, perhaps, a taste of what awaits their erstwhile idol should he disappoint his adopted hometown.
DRIVE Written and illustrated by Nathan Clement.
Public Theater, 425 Lafayette Street, at Astor Place, East Village, (212) 967-7555; closes on Sunday.
But I’m excited, and ready for the 3-year-old campaign to start, and the mile-and-a-quarter races.” So is Midshipman’s trainer, Bob Baffert, who has won the Derby three times but has not had a top-quality contender at Churchill Downs on the first Saturday in May since winning with War Emblem in 2002.
coaching experience, including stints as an interim head coach in Washington and in Cleveland.
Hundreds of thousands of people have been displaced, among them game wardens, above, charged with protecting the wildlife.
We’ve got to do something about it.’ And one day I woke up and said, ‘Well, what am I doing about it?’ So I called up all my allies.” Mr. Houghton said he immediately warmed to the idea and began setting the groundwork for a season devoted to re-introducing the company’s plays to a broader audience.
As defaults kick in and as these events unfold, you are going to find out who has managed this well.” And who hasn’t.
An extraordinary state investigation, disclosed last month, illustrates both the depth of the problem and the possibility of progress.
Electricity is now sold at just 6 cents per 10 kilowatt-hours.
Botchford also writes , “In the wake of Luc Bourdon’s tragic death, the Vancouver Canucks are vowing action.
“I’m always going to miss playing in Europe,” said Beckham, who starred for Manchester United and Real Madrid and served as the captain of the English national team.
In the end, it turned out to be real nice.” Along with the championship ring, he got a new contract for five years at $5.5 million.
The digital record holds the patient-specific information used in the Coumadin calculation of tailored doses for individuals.
“Other techs could ID mosquitoes, but when Rampa told you it was so-and-so species, you’d better pay attention,” said Dr. Harrison, now an entomologist with the North Carolina Department of Environment and Natural Resources.
“Former smokers don’t like the drinks,” Mr. Shoemaker said.
What do you know; history was made.”
and inflated (each relationship is whipped up into a frenzy of partnering).
He was silent now, turned onto his back again.
CuisinArt Resort & Spa in Anguilla is handing out $500 resort credits to guests who stay five nights between Jan. 4 and March 2009.
Obviously, if she cannot win the nomination between now and June 3, Mrs. Clinton could push on to the convention as Ronald Reagan did in 1976 against Gerald Ford and as Ted Kennedy did four years later against Jimmy Carter .
Any further restrictions on future employment were lifted by Thursday’s ruling by an N.C.A.A.
Museum admission also required: $18.50; $16.50 for 65+; $13 for ages 6 to 17; free for 5 and under.
...” And if the storyteller is as enthralled with her own tales as her listeners, they collaborate in a fantasy that could last a thousand and one nights.
Tour, Creamer shattered the tournament’s 36-hole record by six shots.
After Torres intentionally walked Aramis Ramírez and struck out Geovany Soto, Mark DeRosa hit an infield single that scored Fontenot and made it 6-4.
The ever-positive Maddon watched his players blow their lead, yes — but he did not hear them blow their cool.
Nearby is the Seattle Asian Art Museum (1400 East Prospect Street, 206-654-3100; www.seattleartmuseum.org), home to a charming collection of Chinese snuff boxes.
One of the most important books of the year is “The Race Between Education and Technology,” by two Harvard economists, Claudia Goldin and Lawrence Katz.
The gap, which was planned by the Bush administration to create the next generation of American spacecraft without significantly increasing NASA’s budget, is controversial.
And in the Middle East and beyond, many Muslims are horrified by our arrogance; a tiny minority respond with violence.
Swarthmore, Pa. FOR decades, hints tantalized record buffs and anyone interested in how classical music was performed through the centuries.
“It’s a highly irregular situation to see veteran pitchers who are out there and only one American pitcher got a multiyear contract,” the agent Scott Boras said.
“As many people have pointed out, Um Qasr is not only for Basra but for the entire country,” Mr. Nagaoka said.
“We had three attempts at taking off.
Mr. Bush seems to have received his “education” thanks to legacy appointments and family money.
[Eating Consciously] Food tourists are gathering intelligence on museum restaurants.
“That was a gangsta evening.
Their record of 38-40 puts them five games behind the first-place Chicago White Sox in the American League Central.
Anyone trying to capture the 2,058-mile Metropolitan Transportation Authority system with its 378 subway, bus and train lines on one sheet of paper better have plenty of sharp pencils in contrasting colors.
“Less than a one-foot difference between cars is where a lot of the interactions are,” he said.
“They represent a kind of class of public society which can act in a careless way with women,” he said.
WORLD OF TASTE (718) 584-5228; 2614 Jerome Avenue (193rd Street), Kingsbridge Heights; $; Article: 2/27/08.
He was pro-deregulation for most of his career.
But production in the first quarter was only 2.911 million barrels a day, down 7.8 percent from the first quarter of 2007.
We seek it in our friends and mates, nurture it in our children, advance it in our politics and justify it with our religions.
's -- short for community-supported agriculture, in which members pay a share of the costs of running a farm in return for a portion of the farm's bounty -- have traditionally offered only produce, but today some include items like milk, eggs, grains, honey and meats.
The Bears (3-2, 2-0 Ivy League) won for the first time at Princeton (2-3, 1-1) in five years.
“Ten years from now, India could be a real provider of security to all the ocean islands in the Indian Ocean,” said Ashley J. Tellis, an Indian-born scholar at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington who has also been an adviser to the Bush administration.
“It does not make sense to give up what is the good part of your business.” In trading Tuesday, MBIA’s stock closed down 15.3 percent, at $11.50.
Hillary Clinton has not, as far as I can tell, made any comparably problematic economic claims.
“It is awful,” she wrote.
“I wasn’t telling anybody to make anything up.” He told them what questions to expect, both from the defense and his own cross-examination — which he admitted felt “a little bit weird.” Defense lawyers say they first met some of their witnesses on the day of testimony, outside the courtroom.
“There were newer, similarly sized apartments with much lower maintenance,” she said.
But the task awaiting Mr. Obama arguably transcends this economic program or that foreign crisis.
“It was just a spectacular discovery,” said Dr. Marshall, one of the few researchers in the world dedicated to understanding the history of donkeys.
I recognize that there is a hunger for all this information; clearly, somebody’s hankering for it.
Through long-term relationships, clinical changes can be quickly discerned, subtle differences in pain tolerance or stoicism are understood, and past history can be used to contextualize a current complaint.
2 ranked Duke on Feb. 17.
Glaus and Schoeneweis met last year with Major League Baseball officials.
This year’s winners include Tay Zonday , 25, above, for his music video “Chocolate Rain,” which had been viewed 15,768,410 times as of Friday.
Two cashmere sweaters, one blue, one gray — never worn, but in the drawer now with the others — a nightie, a porcelain dog, a bottle of my favorite perfume sealed with a pressed medallion of wax and a gold cord.
LATSON--Edwin Millard, Jr. (Ned), died Friday, September 5, 2008 as a result of cancer.
And, if it was just a gift, it could affect the self esteem of the person getting it.” Few people have an army of advisers to cloak their intentions.
“They have positive views on some aspects of race, but their negative views can be activated by something like the Reverend Wright controversy.
“He’s just the guy everybody loves,” said Rory Bruer, the Sony Pictures distribution president.
“All of greater Cairo is in the range of unacceptable noise levels from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m.,” Mr. Sayyid said.
In the gray dawn, the hunters made their way through a thicket of greenbriers, wild lemon trees and bloodweeds.
(Roberta Smith) JAPAN SOCIETY: ‘MAKING A HOME: JAPANESE CONTEMPORARY ARTISTS IN NEW YORK,’ through Jan. 13.
And it’s ridiculously easy to park.
Starting with the 2008 model, a larger American-made motor became an option in a higher-end version of the S.U.V.
Her mother sent her to France, where she became the teenage bride of the future King Francis II.
FLAMES 6, KINGS 2 Rene Bourque scored two goals and his linemate Curtis Glencross added a goal and two assists for host Calgary.
Massoud Barzani, the leader of the Kurdistan Regional Government, said in a news conference that the police opened fire when the demonstrators began to attack government buildings.
Its rival DuPont said last week that it would cut 2,500 jobs and eliminate 4,000 contractors.
She felt that her future with the police was not yet assured, and that she might one day need to go back to her former career as a religious instructor in mosques.
This sprawling urban garrison, where U.S. forces moved into Saddam Hussein ’s Mesopotamian Fascist Republican Palace right after the 2003 invasion, is a monument to failure.
To reach the summit, it is necessary to climb the Bottleneck, then traverse left under the glacier’s giant overhanging brow.
Fortunately, that doesn’t happen often.
“Once you’ve done that, then you can begin to change them.
But the bus would have run into branches on Riverside Drive, which is used by the M5, and on a stretch in Harlem along Fifth Avenue, which is used by the BxM3.
Undergraduates from families with incomes as high as $60,000 a year will no longer have to pay for tuition, room and board, and other fees, beginning next fall.
Adam Bellow, author of “In Praise of Nepotism: A History of Family Enterprise From King David to George W. Bush” (and yes, a son of Saul Bellow), is struck by the hypocrisy.
In one incident described in the indictment, Mr. Nicholas and his guests are said to have inhaled so much marijuana on a flight to Las Vegas from Orange County, Calif., that clouds of smoke and fumes drifted into the cockpit of the private plane and the pilot was required to put on an oxygen mask.
“That’s a lot of gas mileage.” Saving gas and time while being able to reach far-flung parts of the state are the biggest lures for farmers.
Michael B. Debbs, 73, a boating friend of Mr. Kelleher’s who had moved to North Carolina, drove by a property in Aberdeen, N.J., that was paying him, on paper at least, annual returns of 15 percent.
Starting this week, SGN’s iFun Golf game, available free on the iTunes app store, replicates the Wii.
Yale, whose portfolio was expanded beyond stocks and bonds into alternative investments by Mr. Swensen in a widely imitated strategy, has posted a 16.3 percent average annualized return, while the comparable number for Harvard was 13.8 percent.
But there’s the matter of his temperament — or, as Mr. Emanuel says, “I swear a lot.” He also yells a lot, and in his sentences his favorite expletive can serve as subject, verb or adjective when he is facing down either recalcitrant Democrats or Republican opponents.
A federal judge now says that the sprinter Justin Gatlin cannot compete in this weekend’s United States Olympic track and field trials.
He said he stood taller at the plate and felt more balanced.
Right now we track those separately.” They have had some mishaps, mostly when items have been shipped to the wrong office.
“I really feel, and I feel very strongly about this, that the public health message should be that vaccines are effective,” she continued.
An article in Business Day on Thursday about strategies at Volvo misstated part of the name of its division of Ford Motor Company.
Otherwise, you will feel my wrath.” To analyze the value of the drug that Mr. Hardy, the kidney cancer patient, wanted, and the value of three other kidney cancer medicines, the British institute hired a university group that considered how many months the drugs delayed cancer’s progress.
Three of the four garbage trucks on duty were heading north on the Van Wyck Expressway and one had already arrived in the district.
A major automotive breakthrough adapted to bikes is the antilock brake, first seen on the BMW K 100 in 1989.
Benchmarks: Understands how the characteristics and structures of art are used to accomplish commercial, personal, communal, or other artistic intentions; Understands the effectiveness of various artworks in terms of organizational structures and functions; Knows how organizational principles and functions can be used to solve specific visual arts problems Visual Arts Standard 3- Knows a range of subject matter, symbols, and potential ideas in the visual arts.
He was righter than he could have imagined.
Under the terms of the agreement, Hexion must pay a $325 million breakup fee, unless the Delaware court agrees that a material adverse effect has occurred.
Some boy was invariably last, running after the bus, disheveled, inexpertly dressed, maybe a half-eaten Pop-Tart hanging from his mouth as he flailed at the bus already moving from the curb.
On Monday, bridge inspectors examined the overpass from the mainland to the peninsula’s first community, High Island, pronouncing it stable.
Bayer recalled a trip to New England, where only five families agreed to host his players.
In 2006, the city sued Mr. Wallace and 26 other gun dealers, mainly in the South, claiming their lax or illegal gun sales created a public nuisance in New York City.
WHAT TO EXPECT Innkeepers agree that, especially if you’re one of those tightly wound urbanites, a weekend in the middle of nowhere can have a dramatic effect.
— Michael Waas of Panthers Daily Puck Yes, it’s tough to get exited about hockey in late May and June.
The signs are unkempt appearance, messy rooms, and lack of energy.
“When you’re expecting pain relief, you’re secreting your own opioids,” Dr. Ariely added.
Agency employees were able to recover them, and a picture of a smiling Ms. Myers next to the winner is in the report.
Pucks bounced off sticks and skates and pads.
A mob had set fire to his parents’ house because they had given shelter to a family of a rival tribe the mob was chasing.
Investigators with the safety board had not interviewed either of the two pilots as of Sunday evening, so it was unclear which of them was in command at the time of the crash.
“People start talking about protecting little children, and worrying about whether someone’s going to jump out the window, and meanwhile we have these substances — MDMA and LSD — that may be of tremendous value in psychotherapy and couldn’t be explored.” They can now; several trials testing psychedelics are in the works, thanks in part to the steady example set by Dr. Hofmann.
It was beautiful when I first came to the Village in 2002.
In the beginning of Act I, there are hints that information will be hard to come by, as Mr. Panych’s script calls for extremely short scenes followed by comic blackouts.
At a regular session of the Seattle court, Jenifer Paris , 36, sounded hopeful.
198 Alexander Popp made it that far at Wimbledon.
In lieu of flowers, please send donations to the Weston and Jaroldeen Edwards Family Endowed Scholarship Fund at BYU: c/o LDS Philanthropies, P.O.
From 1974 to 1977 she was the press secretary for Betty Ford, and she is the author of “First Lady’s Lady: With the Fords at the White House” (Putnam, 1979).
Mr. Ruiz was taken to Lutheran Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead shortly after 2 a.m., the police said.
Several women I know, who argue with their husbands about Hillary, refer with a shudder to the “Kill the Witch” syndrome.
Bringing out the New Orleans and Los Angeles varieties “continues on that path of innovation” for which Absolut marketing is known, Mr.
I needed someone to make me smile, someone that was an old romantic like I was.
The answers hold the keys to understanding how fast organisms can evolve to fit new environments — and thus to practical matters like the appearance of drug resistance in hospitals, as well as a more general view of how likely different populations are to go extinct when the environment changes.
He can only trust good omens and kind eyes.
Or like, Gosh, did I bite off a lot.
Scientists have found the genetic makeup of the tribe leaves it predisposed to weight gain from sugary foods.
“It is devoid of all life and is a stony waste.
He is the son of Dr. Jeffrey F. Block of Kalamazoo, Mich., and the late Constance Goodwillie Block, and the stepson of Janice Wilson Block.
“It is an affirmation that not all things worth reading are written quickly.” (Nor, because of a lack of traffic, is Mr. Sieling writing this blog at all these days.)
Meacham Park was annexed into Kirkwood in the early 1990s with the approval of both communities.
Highly pixelated, blown-up passport photos of the egg donor and surrogate mother adorn a wall of their apartment in Israel.
Ms. Webster said Judge Cohen had made strides to treat each case individually, but too often, she said, the Probation Department treats them all the same.
PHOTO: Ten men, including a mullah, suspected in bombings that killed 140 people this week in Khandahar Province were paraded before the news media there on Thursday.
Airports that could be used in Europe include Stansted outside London, as well as Dublin, Milan, Frankfurt, Rome and Barcelona, while destinations could include New York, Dallas, Denver and cities in Florida, a Ryanair spokeswoman, Pauline McAlester, said.
I think you’ll enjoy it.
These and other policies have not only delayed for years the start of the trials and the turning of the wheels of justice; they have also undermined the moral force of the process by arming its critics.
All season, Brigham Young had been defined by its star quarterback, Max Hall.
In this time of curtailed release schedules, the Rochereau set assumes that a market still exists for well-produced collections of historically durable, readily enjoyable music: in this instance, two CDs in a slipcase with a handsomely illustrated 48-page booklet, featuring a comprehensive essay by Mr. Braun (in English and French) and personnel listings for the six featured bands.
“We need fiscal stimulus,” said Douglas W. Elmendorf, a former Treasury and Federal Reserve Board economist, and now a fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington.
333 East 47th Street, Manhattan, (212) 832-1155, japansociety.org.
Mr. Ouramdane also speaks — in French, rapidly, quietly and with minimal expressive inflection — collages of poetic, near-random, part-absurd flights of thought.
He is a son of Helen Harder and George Harder of Delmar, N.Y. His father is a retired lawyer.
The prosecutor, Ann P. Prunty, asked the woman why she struck up that conversation.
“If you’re being attacked every day, it creates a sense of turbulence in the minds of people,” Obama said.
Cuban state media have said that Venezuela and China, two close allies, have offered aid, as have Argentina, Brazil and Mexico.
Tchaikovsky also wrote his four-movement “Winter Daydreams” in his 20s but tinkered with it for years to come.
Speaking generally, Mr. Gilhooly said all fugitives who were targets of ICE searches had been ordered deported by immigration judges.
Still, Mr. Crowley said, “it’s longer than what we’re trying to work for.” For now, Mr. Philips is supplementing his wife’s salary as a teacher at St. Francis de Sales School for the Deaf in Crown Heights by working as a salesman at a gourmet market across the street from the bar.
Each arrives in the finals feeling whole.
Bharti also faces stiff competition from other telecommunications operators as it tries to hammer out a tie-in of some sort or buy a minority stake.
Wielding his pen like Stormbringer, Moorcock writes, “If I were sitting in a Tube train and all the people opposite me were reading ‘Mein Kampf’ with obvious enjoyment and approval it probably wouldn’t disturb me much more than if they were reading Heinlein, Tolkien or Richard Adams.” And then he takes off the kid gloves.
The biggest challenge of all may simply be redefining security, and building societies that demand that government investments match risks, said Fouad Bendimerad, an engineering and risk-management consultant in California and chairman of the Earthquakes and Megacities Initiative.
“Ah, that was a missile,” he says.
“How can you not?” Stoops said.
Like Leni Riefenstahl, the artistes Bolaño invents share a certain Romantic aesthetic, a taste for the classic and nonvulgar, a dislike of “cacophony” and a lurking sense that something has gone terribly wrong in the modern world — that children, for instance, have been “stolen and raised by inferior races” and that a better world in the form of the Fourth Reich is imminent.
“I don’t know if anyone is counting us out.
At some point, he returned to his grandmother’s home, in the house where Bukhari and his mother lived in an apartment on the top floor.
“It was perfect for us because we wanted a place that we could gut and rebuild in our own image,” he said.
Of the 15 prior winners, only Street Sense in 2007 had a better Derby Rating than Colonel John does this year, a 323 that was nearly 40 points higher than his closest rival.
Four years before, at the 1984 Games in Los Angeles, the South Korean boxing delegation was especially upset that the Americans were winning most of the decisions.
All I’m suggesting is that we drop the obsession with ownership, and try to level the playing field that, at the moment, is hugely tilted against renting.
STRIPED BASS Stephen Starr’s Philadelphia seafood palace will become Butcher & Singer, a steakhouse, in the fall: 1500 Walnut Street.
He said that although he had said afterwards that it was the wrong choice, he had looked at all the data by then and decided that it was the right choice….
“We have drawn down,” he said.
But this year’s comparatively low murder rate has been, according to many residents here, nothing short of remarkable: As of Sept. 15, the department has recorded 44 killings, putting it on track to compete for the modern era’s record low, established in 1997, when 58 people were killed in Newark, a city of about 280,000.
is like having another government.
But on Sunday night, just as some producers and publicists were chewing hard on the mixed reviews for the expensive new musical “Shrek,” the producers of “Gypsy” announced that the show would be closing on Jan. 11 in spite of its pedigree and its three Tonys — for the lead, Patti LuPone, and her two co-stars.
Ms. Jolie informed it what time and place she would be publicly playing with Maddox, essentially creating a paparazzi shot.
The State Department, seeking to ward off criticism, kicked off a public-relations offensive on Tuesday by offering reporters a view — from a distance — of nuclear documents that senior officials said appeared to represent a complete accounting of North Korea ’s plutonium production.
Like many retailers, the Parent Company was hit hard by the freeze in consumer spending.
“After years of struggle, maybe a modicum of justice will be attained here.” The indictment could mean a great deal of work for prosecutors here, with defense lawyers expected to line up to file motions to overturn convictions during Mr. Burge’s tenure.
New Year’s Eve Party, with a live band, dance floor, open buffet, open bar and a New Year’s Eve countdown on TV, live from New York City.
Even if this means lengthening diners’ waits for reserved tables, she, like other restaurateurs, wants to make sure that no-shows don’t cost the restaurant money.
Whether his work will appeal to American sensibilities remains to be seen.
Receiving one in her “kaleidoscope of visions,” she stands still, reeling from the impact, “eyes closed, willing herself back to normalcy.” But she has lost any confidence of what normalcy is, as both real and “seen” visions dance before her eyes.
Smack in the center of the album are two songs in which she observes a thrashing in her ribcage.
Not to mention the public spectacles of Anna Nicole Smith and Paris Hilton.
Before the last concrete block falls to the baroque-is-beautiful brigade, fashion, at least, might realize that Fabergé’s decorative art looks its most fab against a plain and streamlined background.
Bonnie and Bob Cooperman Maryann and Alvin Harris Renee and Marty Kimelman
A combination of factors makes this year especially harsh for North Koreans, whose isolationist government asked for foreign aid in the 1990s only after a famine killed more than one million people of an estimated population of 23 million.
Her masculinization may not yet be visible in facial hair and other signs, but her male aggression has already landed her in trouble.
“But that’s still pretty high for us,” Mr. Jud says.
An electric car that spews no emissions and consumes only a few pennies’ worth of energy commuting to work, while also capable of several hundred miles of range, is the better mousetrap that appeals to green advocates and auto industry pundits alike.
ATHLETICS 5, PHILLIES 0 Rich Harden was dominant over eight innings, allowing just two hits while striking out a career-high 11 to lead host Oakland over Philadelphia.
Chevron, the oil giant and Dow component, lost 2.4 percent to $83.90 a share, and Exxon Mobil slipped 0.4 percent.
Amid all the talk of an economic slowdown, these analysts are forecasting a stellar year for corporate profit growth.
The official’s name, for example, is Indo-European: no surprise, as previous investigations there had turned up names and writing in the Luwian language from the north.
But neither James’s performance nor Brown’s outburst could help Cleveland close what was a double-digit deficit most of the game.
Jeff Harte, an analyst at Sandler O’Neill & Partners, said the markdowns would be, in a way, reassuring.
We’re at the beginning of that historical transformation, and yes, sometimes it’s lonelier at the beginning than at the end.
If the company reported those values, its numbers were used.
Everyone knows Mr. Malden, and the grandmothers were paid for their words.
“Any company or industry with a broad global exposure seems to be doing O.K.,” said Douglas Henton, president of Collaborative Economics, a research and consulting firm based in Mountain View, Calif. “I.B.M.
But the Terps have two top-five wins, Carolina has one and Hopkins has none.
But this year, for the first time in a long time, viewership of the Summer Games rose among men 18 to 34, he said.
Oh, and it’s also a ballpoint pen.
As the master aphorist Friedrich Nietzsche put it: “The more abstract the truth you want to teach the more you must seduce the senses to it.”
The band’s songs, which mix hip-hop with the cartoonish heavy metal of acts like Gwar, are jammed with references to dead bodies, mass murder, bloody ax blades and other unspeakable things.
"We have to decide if the quota can be kept," the Jochen Homann, a state secretary in the ministry of economics, said Saturday in Paris.
Dante Pasqualucci and his teenage daughter Mia would soon be headed to Lambeau Field for the Packers- Giants National Football Conference championship game, and as they sat in a downtown hotel lobby awaiting their cab, a snugly dressed Pasqualucci made sure he was not the only one prepared for single-digit temperatures and numbing wind chill.
They fell out of touch after leaving New Hampshire, but reconnected the following year when Mr. Bidlack dropped her an e-mail message to ask how she was doing.
During the most exciting week of his life, Phelps has dozed in the afternoon and taken Ambien to fall asleep at night, a concession to a taxing night of preliminaries followed by morning finals.
That percentage, while a solid win for Aftra, was interpreted by S.A.G.
But after 2 hours 25 minutes, Williams ended the match with a powerful overhead.
“Instead of buying expensive CD players, people are starting to migrate to hard-drive devices, in many instances substituting an iPod for a CD machine,” he said.
The water was as cold as the Atlantic in early summer, nearly numbing our feet when we waded in the shallows.
In a preface included in the Chinese edition, Ma makes his intentions explicit, arguing that it is the Chinese people who are truly comatose: “Inside Dai Wei,” he writes, “there is a strong, resilient person who remembers, and only memory can help people regain the brightness of freedom.” In this sense, for all its savagery, “Beijing Coma” is one of the most optimistic novels I’ve encountered in a long time.
State officials said prison staff members had examined his veins and found no problems that would interfere with the execution.
And doctors will still have no financial incentive to do what is most important: spend more time with their patients.
Firehouse 12, 45 Crown Street.
The Bush administration not only failed to sign the treaty but vigorously opposed it.
Mr. Mounoubai said the peacekeepers’ primary role was protecting civilians, though on Wednesday many people in Goma did not have much faith in that, either.
She designed it herself, in accord with the simple aesthetic — simple for the time, anyway — she had championed in her first book, “The Decoration of Houses,” written with Ogden Codman Jr.
“It’s been a lot like a hurricane,” Mayor Joseph M. Delfino of White Plains said of the current Cross Westchester Expressway project.
Mr. Nemazee explained that the Obama campaign, despite its record-breaking fund-raising, urgently needed funds.
The New York Times: Have you had to adjust your tactics in any way to deal with the support provided to Algeria by America, such as electronic surveillance or night vision goggles?
The main plaza, once covered with sand, has been paved over with cement, and the glass-and-concrete box on the corner is a new police station.
The written protocol must incorporate the manufacturing guidelines and site-specific details of installation.
The challenge today is to build access as well as excellence.
The performance of Mr. Barnev, who has the poker face and agility of a silent clown, defines the style of a film whose timing and physical comedy look back to 1920s slapstick.
“He’s got a real good skill set” as a baseball player, the former major leaguer Mark McLemore, who worked with McFarland on baseball after his freshman year, said in a telephone interview.
The panel ordered the company to pay shareholders about $280 million.
The Eucharist had been distributed, the Rev.
But it also echoed popular resentment in Canada that other NATO countries are sending troops to the region under orders to avoid combat.
“It is not so much a hope for the better.
The answers that have emerged so far reflect the party’s current confusion.
He also worked as a senior adviser to former Sen. Paul Sarbanes, a Maryland Democrat, who wrote legislation to increase oversight of the accounting industry and reform corporate governance.
“A Shakespearean tragedy played out on a Long Island street where a boozed-up young woman unknowingly dragged her boyfriend under her car for more than a block as he tried to stop her from driving drunk,” from The New York Post, is the most egregious example to be found here.
Apple certainly should be able to get their best deal simply because of the volume it can bring.
Pushcart vendors sold corn on the cob, sweet pork sausages and Taipei's famous ''stinky tofu.''
The report confirms that construction and real estate activity tends to be a lagging indicator of economic health.
It began with a low-key version of Ornette Coleman’s “Broken Shadows,” and Mr. Iverson ran through a solo that ended with dissonant high notes, like raindrops arriving in disjointed pairs.
And as a former attorney general of this state, I know and I think most of you all know, that in this legal process, you’re innocent until you’re proven guilty.” The announcement renewed calls among Republican state lawmakers for a special election to fill Mr. Obama’s seat.
Since 2004, the city has given 10 of the awards to organizations, or their employees, that have received significant private donations from Mr. Bloomberg, according to records and interviews.
Footnotes, invented in about the 12th century, allow tangential information to be displayed outside the linear argument of the main text.
I visited Allen Ginsberg at his Lower East Side tenement apartment.
With each one remaining on a spot, they very gradually, and in near unison, keep bending from the waist, this way and that.
The posture of the sensitive, agonizing writer was not for him.
John Glover is rightly appalling as Boo’s casually brutish father, Karl.
It is our hope and prayer that beautiful memories will linger as a legacy to her life.
“People have a tendency to read their text messages and e-mail while driving.
The Chinese often praise Liu and the basketball star Yao Ming for their modesty.
I’m a realist: we probably aren’t going to save everything, but what I’m hoping to do is prevent extinctions.” She recasts a snippet of folk wisdom her mother routinely imparted when, as a teenager, Ms. Pikitch had her heart broken.
The investigation is being conducted by the Labor Racketeering Unit in the office of the Manhattan district attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, along with five other city agencies and inspectors general.
The list of prominent officials who benefitted from Mr. Jones’s political muscle is long.
Other projects try to build by nature’s plan.
“It was frustrating,” Langenbrunner said of the futile power play.
“I was at the Amoco in Lake Ronkonkoma and paid $3.65 for premium,” she said.
Some of the sites recommended by the people I talked to include the Discovery Channel’s and the Exploratorium in San Francisco .
Its entertainment and syndication unit, which includes large stakes in ESPN, A&E, Lifetime and the History Channel, reported a 10 percent revenue increase.
“You can’t force that.” Even comedians who have established beachheads for themselves on the Internet are feeling the pressure, said Donald Glover, a writer for “30 Rock” and a member of the popular Web-based comedy troupe Derrick ( derrickcomedy.com ).
“It’s a nice feeling to have your peers and guys who have been working at this a long time recognize the quality of the play, and the fact that we were the Super Bowl champions,” Coughlin said.
The four-part “Death Hope Life Fear” (1984), big as an altarpiece, bright as a stained-glass window, has an army of them, with Gilbert & George soaring upward on either side like exuberant guardian angels.
I’ll be doing some of my Christmas shopping here.” The decline in the pound came as Britain entered its first recession in 17 years and investors grew increasingly concerned about the prospects of a recovery amid a widening budget deficit.
''I don't know who I am,'' he said in an interview.
The next morning he headed down the turnpike, with no more than 60 degrees of motion in his right knee, not ideal for driving.
Behind the scenes, there were new discussions between Mr. Obama and the party leadership.
In a posting on the group’s Web site, guerrillagirls.com , the organization claims that of the 30 artists in the inaugural exhibition at the Broad Museum, 97 percent are white and 87 percent are male.
It cited the film ''Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired,'' in which a former deputy district attorney described having coached the judge in the case, though he was not directly involved in the prosecution.
“This beautiful historic space is relatively intact, but in a state of disrepair, with worrisome cracks,” said Betsy Davidson Pickering, the school’s director of external affairs and development.
He has said that nations and their leaders should not boycott the Olympics and has consistently said that he does not want Tibetan independence but rather a more genuine autonomy for Tibet within China.
Want to come with me?” At first she objected, and if we had been on the subway, I might have left matters at that.
Even if you shudder at the idea of celebrity sex tapes and wedding-theme reality shows, this is one invitation you’ll probably want to accept.
What continues to make the opera seem radical comes less from the music, with its lulling repetitions of defiantly simple riffs, motifs and scale patterns, than from the complete separation of sung text from dramatic action, such as it is.
squad, said the collective bargaining agreement stipulates that the outfielder with the next highest total from the players’ vote becomes the starter.
People re-enter our lives in mysterious ways.
FireWire adapter, you can’t use FireWire Disk Mode, which, on all other Mac models, lets you connect two computers with a single cable for superfast file transfers.
According to Dr. Paul R. Lichter, a professor of ophthalmology and director of the Kellogg Eye Center at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, seeing an ophthalmologist regularly is essential, and not just to get a new pair of glasses.
We often generalize about American men’s refusal to engage with their painful emotions, the way they will do anything to fight them off, and for a long time I was no stranger to that kind of willful oblivion.
The founders intended for presidents to use this power as an “act of grace” or to promote the public welfare.
Mr. Garcia, who will be joining the law firm Kirkland & Ellis, expressed concern that some people in government had raised expectations that broad indictments would necessarily follow.
It should be available within two years, he said.
So when he and his Polish wife decided to buy real estate in post-communist Poland, they settled on a 17th-century town house in Kazimierz Dolny, on the banks of the Vistula River, popular with artists and writers.
Dec. 9: A party opened an exhibition of jewelry by Alexander Calder at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
“I had a Pomeranian, see that Pomeranian?” said Harry Sullivan, 51, pointing to a dog looking enviously comfortable perched between the front seats of an S.U.V.
Japan’s cabinet is also preparing to approve $50 million worth of food aid for Africa, part of which may be rice, he said.
“Accommodating TV sponsors at prime time is something else again.” Meanwhile, with Fisk still just a good catcher and not yet a New England icon, the Reds decided to try to stay sharp by working out inside Dussault Cage at Cousens Gymnasium on the campus of Tufts University.
THE ACADEMY IS ... ''Fast Times at Barrington High'' (Decaydance/Fueled by Ramen) Last year the Chicago emo outfit the Academy Is ... released its second album, ''Santi,'' which was many things its predecessor was not: ornate, drawn from a range of musical influences, lyrically mature.
To the Editor: Re “The Fight for Turkey” (column, The New York Times on the Web, June 23): Roger Cohen expresses his support for secularism in Turkey and for the decision by Turkey’s highest court to overturn the governing party’s legislation allowing women to wear the hijab, or head scarf, at universities.
According to Verizon Wireless, 71 percent of women make the decision about their family’s wireless choices, including phones and service plans.
Some industry critics have questioned whether companies eager to profit from flights are sending helicopters to pick up patients who could have been transported more cheaply, and at less risk, by ground ambulance.
The posting of the offer of free Wi-Fi on the company's site was ''a human error,'' he said.
The parade’s return Saturday night (and an outdoor festival Endymion holds during the day) will bring free-spending crowds to the nearby bars and coffeeshops and restaurants and even churches like Grace Episcopal, which is selling spaces in its parking lot for a parade party.
In the first match, David Nalbandian dominated David Ferrer, requiring just under two hours to give Argentina a quick 1-0 lead.
“Back in 1995, my ex-wife, just from being around me and listening to me talk about sports, said TV would be my future.
“I cannot see the runway,” he said.
His 1,781 yards and 11 touchdowns have already placed him among the top-10 career Army passers.
The two leaders of the coalition, President Viktor A. Yushchenko and Prime Minister Yulia V. Tymoshenko , who were the heroes of the Orange Revolution of 2004, could not come to an agreement on maintaining the coalition.
Box 85800, San Diego, CA, 92186-5800, or Hospice of Palm Beach County, 5300 East Avenue, West Palm Beach, FL 33407, www.hpbc.com
In front of others, she was his acolyte.
We scale the heights, we reach the moon.” There is to a convention the feel of a ceaseless party, delegates tapping beach balls and boogalooing in the aisles.
Now came the spade king for a ruffing finesse to remove West’s ace, and South claimed.
Association fees: $22,750 a year.
The 855 players on opening-day rosters and the disabled list averaged $3.15 million, up 7.1 percent from last year’s starting average of $2.94 million.
It’s a solitude that isn’t lonely.
There, Ms. Houlgrave and her business partner, Katie Gray, confer with brides and grooms about their wedding plans.
We are not, it should be said, the first couple to cover a conflict.
“He has been proactive about calling attention to things,” Mr. Smith said.
Nov. 15 at 7 p.m. and Nov. 16 at 10 a.m. Free.
But Olbermann and Patrick will be in their world, side by side at an anchor desk, reviving their widely imitated highlight shtick.
Messages on news coverage can be e-mailed to nytnews@nytimes.com or left toll-free at 1-888-NYT-NEWS (1-888-698-6397).
Honda said it would offer the car in Southern California first because the state has been a leader in building hydrogen filling stations.
“Comcast needs to go on the offensive, and soon.”
The spokesman, Huang Xueping, said at a news conference in Beijing that aircraft carriers were “a reflection of a nation’s comprehensive power,” indicating that Chinese government officials saw value in adding a carrier to the country’s fleet.
The broader Topix index was also down nearly 4 percent.
WEST WINDSOR Kelsey Theater, West Windsor Campus, Mercer County Community College “The Threepenny Opera,” by Kurt Weill and Bertolt Brecht, presented by Pierrot Productions.
With its Saturday sales, Phillips is targeting a different customer — not the international oligarchs intent on filling their future private museums but young urbanites with a bonus burning a hole in their pockets.
Our last meeting took place in Schenectady a few years before his death in 2006.
Styron wrote that the Turner he found in Gray’s text was a “dangerous religious lunatic, .
(The Finnish authorities devised a way of providing the results of these tests, along with the other sets of data, without divulging anyone’s identity, thereby respecting Finland’s strict privacy laws.)
The 2005 Trapiche Broquel, also $12, offered winning aromas of violets, lavender, licorice and berries, while our No.
Read Sheffield’s posts from earlier this week.
THREE stories above the Peas and Pickles market in Dumbo, Brooklyn, behind a blank door in a nondescript converted industrial building, two sculptors stood back and watched last week as a former vice presidential chief of staff climbed up onto a wooden box and peered across their studio.
You could get used to hearing these things this way.
Kayakers will find marine life galore, including phosphorescent plankton that glow during moonlight paddles.
She is a public relations consultant in New York.
IN Morris County, for example, there was about nine months’ inventory in March.
Recently, Football Manager even made a cameo on a British soccer soap opera.
(Coltibuono, Napa, Calif.) BEST VALUE: Coltibuono Selezione RS Chianti Classico 2005 $14 ** 1/2 Light-bodied, bright and straightforward, with attractive floral and fruit flavors.
The project — the result of several years of study — draws on several elements of Bus Rapid Transit , a system of bus operating practices used in cities around the world.
“People that left are prudent and those that are staying are reckless,” said Larry Drosnes, 61, who has ridden out every storm except Hurricane Rita that has hit the island since 1948.
If you pass a law, pass it so people are treated right.”
On Adrian’s first report card this year, she got straight A’s.
Here’s where things get complicated.
Harvey Araton, Sports of the Times.
More worryingly, it has uncovered a deep well of anger among India’s Muslims, who complain bitterly of being wrongfully singled out every time bombs go off.
“The democratization of driving has meant that we can all aspire to be petty tyrants of the road,” Ladd writes.
More than half of the population over 25 has it, and a rising number of children are getting it.
And although it did not have quite the same ring as “The Silent Assassin,” I figured it would have to do for a guy like me.
Along with the government, corporations and celebrities could all lend their voices to mustering the extraordinary power of the American people to defeat a foe — our oil addiction — that now threatens our liberties more than any foreign tyrant or terrorist.
But Mr. DiGiovanni said G.M.
Participants should wear sneakers or soft-sole shoes.
He gave the standard poodle the best odds at 25-1.
“No quirky anything, no quirky roof, no quirky speakers.
I believe there are many, many others like me who truly believe in this great nation but who want to see our nation concentrate its dollars and sense on those of us who live between our borders.
There were meetings, and fund-raising golf tournaments, and more meetings, and grumblings about how even Rugby, N.D., the “Geographical Center of North America,” had a 15-foot stone obelisk to mark the spot.
Records from the hearings show that only a cursory effort was made to reach them.
But, as he presented them, some details were clear.
His team takes an 8-4 record into the game against Florida (9-3).
Although “it’s very much reflective of today’s society,” he added, it is also “very much over the top.” “At no point had we considered it for television, because it just isn’t right for that,” Mr. Lachky said.
Natasha Kai had two goals and an assist — all in the second half — for the United States, which will face the Canada-Mexico winner in the final Saturday night.
So far access to the head and neck collection is $8 a month.
That’s how I do things.” Hamilton’s discipline and toughness as a Formula One driver, his ability to overcome mistakes or a troublesome car, can be very simply understood, his father says.
Kenyan democracy has failed because ordinary people were encouraged to believe that the process in and of itself could bring change.
Does that mean he’ll miss the staff meeting in Washington?
To the Editor: Re “Improving the Landmarks Process” (editorial, Dec. 6); and the “Preserving the City” series (Nov. 26 and 29; Dec. 1 and 2): Although your recent series and editorial about the Landmarks Preservation Commission acknowledge its successes, they do not mention most facets of its work designating thousands of buildings, issuing a record number of permits for changes to 25,000 existing landmarks, and enforcing the Landmarks Law.
What this means is that you, like so many other leaders through history, will find yourself confronting the fact — so easy to overlook these past few years — that the health of a nation’s food system is a critical issue of national security.
She gets the baby bundled up again, checks that everyone has gone potty and is out the door at 7:45 for the school bus.
The complex — with a refinery next door to the biomass power plant — still feels mostly sugar-centric.
In French, Swahili and Lingala with subtitles; “Menged,” written and directed by Daniel Taye Workou.
TAKING off for an extended period can be a rare opportunity to recharge, recalibrate the life-work equation or reinvent yourself.
Then, in late January, he stunned Wall Street, saying that 2008 profits would be lower as Yahoo planned to invest heavily in a new display advertising system and a project to rewire the company’s technological underpinnings.
The movie has three sets of talking pigeons, each group embodying a regional stereotype, and while I found the dese-dem-dose New York birds amusing, and their aspiring-screenwriter Los Angeles counterparts downright hilarious, it was the uncanny bobbing and twisting movements of the birds’ heads and the shuffle of their little pigeon feet that raised the conceit from clever to sublime.
And he ran a good campaign.
Legal challenges could expose Iraq to still more.
“They wanted to quit, but they felt pressure from their parents, who had invested a lot in their swim careers.
Age 88, on November 16.
They eventually married in 2003, but in the meantime he began writing a song cycle that evolved into a show about his failed first marriage.
Her mother is a lead data warehouse analyst there for the Honeywell Corporation.
“Motorists are noticing,” Ms. DeModica said.
The higher the octane rating, the more temperature and pressure the gasoline can withstand before it ignites on its own, rather than when it is set off by the spark plug.
Investigators discovered the companies were linked to a Web-based prostitution service.
Ms. Guerette, 27, joined the varsity women’s rowing team at Harvard as a freshman after impressing Liz O’Leary, the head coach of women’s heavyweight crew, with her strength on a rowing machine.
For the last three or four years, the amount of money spent on construction in New York City has grown by 18 percent annually, according to the New York Building Congress; it will be more than $30 billion this year.
lost for the second time right after Thanksgiving and fell to seventh.
Be that as it may, I was startled when I turned to the back of the book and encountered eight questions prepared for book clubs that might be interested in discussing the novel further.
“I loved what I did, but turning 80 was a wake-up call,” she said.
Agent: Michael Cilek, Coldwell Banker Real Estate Professionals, (319) 887-7227; www.cbrep.com.
As top Hollywood stuntwomen, Melissa Stubbs and Kathy Jarvis not only know their way around roundhouse kicks and perilous falls, they could likely whip every journalist in attendance around a racetrack — in a car or motorcycle.
Its $18 million Pilots are far lower than the city’s estimate of what property taxes would be for the Housing Authority’s buildings: $130 million.
“It’s eye-opening because there seems to have been a drastic shift in restrictions and regulations with the Harvard admissions office,” he said.
With the score 2-0, the Mets, as is their wont, proceeded to squander scoring opportunities in the third, fourth and fifth innings.
“They should have known,” he said.
The lawsuit would seek to allow Suffolk to begin enforcing the collection of county taxes on bulk tobacco sales to non-Indians by the tribal smoke shops.
“He never said a word,” this person told The Times.
“On Brownstoner, I often call people out on ugly developments, or contractors I see who are doing things without getting landmark permits,” Mr. Butler said at a tavern in Dumbo the other day.
Vice President Dick Cheney, speaking on Friday on a conservative radio station in Mississippi, also disparaged the Democratic plan.
Reservations are no longer mandatory, but advisable; walk-ins are accommodated if space permits.
In February, Mr. Spitzer abandoned the long-awaited $1.8 billion expansion of the Javits Center.
There is far more to Mozart’s “Magic Flute” than that rough sketch, of course.
Mr. Liu, 25, is China’s answer to Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods, combined.
He quotes Kroc’s message to the McDonald brothers, and though his rage is directed at “headstrong operators,” the threat echoes with larger implications, the psychic consequences of a society’s adoption of fast food: “We have found out ... that we cannot trust some people who are nonconformists.
The 6.0 magnitude quake damaged 400 to 700 structures, a state official said.
Russia plans to upgrade its missiles to allow them to evade American weapons in space and penetrate any prospective missile shield, a Russian officer said Monday.
It’s getting harder, Mr. Varasano said, to make up stories for the oven repair guys.
“I guess my dream job would be a test engineer,” says Wayne DaCosta, “where you get to drive — maybe even for Ferrari — and your job is basically to dissect the car and tell the weaknesses and strong points.” Mr. DaCosta does drive for a living, though his job is not evaluating the roadworthiness of the 180 mile-an-hour Italian sports cars he reverently calls “priceless.” Still, his work vehicle is just as much an icon: a U.P.S.
In another dream, she said, she is the world’s No.
If James’s story is whimsical, Mr. Zuckerman’s play is portentous.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 241.81 points, or 2.08 percent, to 11,386.25, and the broader Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index declined 25.36 points, or 1.96 percent, to 1,266.84.
The 22-ounce rib-eye steak was juicy but put in the shade by the French fries that accompanied it.
Mr. Obama, of Illinois, has distanced himself from the controversial sermons of Mr. Wright, whose remarks have been characterized as anti-white and anti-American.
American officials said that Mr. Paulson again rejected the argument, saying that high oil and food prices reflected the fundamental imbalance of supply and demand for both.
Kunitsyn overcame the seventh-seeded Safin’s 21 aces to win, 7-6 (6), 6-7 (4), 6-3.
On one, they are trying to figure out who is looking at a page by using a mix of behavioral targeting and analysis of the page’s content.
SHOREWALKERS Saturday at 7:30 a.m., ''Annual Great Saunter,'' a 32-mile walk celebrating New York's waterfront, meeting at Fulton Street near the South Street Seaport.
Which of course it is, but it’s also sick.
He estimated during a May 2006 interview with ESPN that he had gambled away about $10 million over the years.
“I really, really felt that she had the experience I experienced.” At 84, the Rev.
The family would like to thank Dr. Mark Kris and his committed and caring team at Memorial Sloan-Kettering.
China's economy, once the fastest growing in the world, has slowed down alarmingly fast.
They missed their old place.
He said that such voluntary prepayments would not reduce the total amount of the credit line available.
Revenue increased 2 percent, to $11.42 billion.
Given all the stress and uncertainty driven by the economic crisis, some companies, with the help of business and organizational psychologists, are plumbing the depths of these feelings and roles, trying to gauge their effects at a time when emotions are running high.
Nurturing and beloved mother of Denise Silverberg and Michael Rosenbloom.
After a few rounds of purchases, stocks now make up around 55 percent of GMO’s global balanced portfolio.
Mr. Cohen, who came to Israel from Morocco in 1956, and to Sderot in 1960, said he had no intention of leaving this town of about 24,000.
THE market here isn’t like those of Florida or California, which have followed a boom-and-bust pattern, or of Cleveland, where foreclosures have overwhelmed entire neighborhoods.
Andrew Herald, who was in town from England for a wedding, was in the hotel bar, just steps from the jewelry store, when he heard the shots.
“It would give us a lot more flexibility,” General Manager Brian Cashman said.
They will throw three above-average starters against the Yankees, in Roy Halladay (who pitched well in Tuesday’s loss) and A. J. Burnett, both veterans, and the blossoming Dustin McGowan.
The shrine to Lou-Lou Yannitelli, 1992-2007, beloved hound dog, is real.
“It can smooth out the business cycle a little bit, but last I checked, we haven’t done away with the business cycle.” One of the main problems now is a deepening crisis of confidence that is compounding the ill effects from the housing downturn.
Dec. 8: About 500 guests attended the annual gala of the Food Allergy Initiative at the Waldorf-Astoria.
Patients may not expect surgeons to share such personal information or may feel more vulnerable and anxious as they face the possibility of an operation.
The Wings traded him to the Winnipeg Jets in 1994.
Q: But will the White House be — moving forward, will they be more attuned to that; that, you know, we’re kind of in a different season now, and that things — if a butterfly flaps its wings in Jerusalem, and roils Ohio or something like that.
Bill Dreher, an analyst with Deutsche Bank Securities.
Ms. Othman’s mother smiled knowingly and left the room, leaving the girls to their moment of emotion.
“I didn’t get my iPhone.
At 8 p.m., Beacon Theater, 2124 Broadway, at 74th Street, (212) 307-7171, beacontheatrenyc.com ; $54 to $154.
But police officials said that their action was a response to neighborhood complaints and did not signal the start of an offensive against day laborers.
“Our consideration is limited to the present circumstances,” the majority famously said, “for the problem of equal protection in election processes generally presents many complexities.” That sentence, translated from high legal jargon into English, was often taken to mean this: The decision was a ticket for one ride only.
THE HORSE, THE WHEEL, AND LANGUAGE: How Bronze-Age Riders From the Eurasian Steppes Shaped the Modern World , by David W. Anthony.
During World War II, he was a corporal in the Army Air Corps, assigned to load bombs in England.
“We see a great symbiotic relationship with this project,” Mr. Latzky said, “and we see great potential to inspire a kind of new worldwide interest and enthusiasm for classical music.” Exposing the Philharmonic musicians to people in countries where the orchestra tours was another plus, he said.
It ends five years too late and at far too terrible a cost in lives, money and idealism.
There are still a couple of slaughterhouses within walking distance of my apartment, where I can order the execution of a chicken (or a rabbit), and there is a seaman’s bar whose décor (and to only a slightly lesser extent its prices) seems frozen in 1955.
1 doubles player in the world, spent four years on the South African Fed Cup team.
Five such studies of schizophrenia have now been completed, and one of the largest found no common variants, Dr. Bertram said.
Available units start at $1.875 million for a 1,307-square-foot unit on the seventh floor.
The longtime oilman T. Boone Pickens , for one, announced that he was building a huge wind farm in Texas as part of an effort to reduce America’s dependence on foreign oil.
The visit to France is Benedict’s 10th foreign trip since he became pope in 2005.
Drink like a local and try a pasita, a raisin-like liqueur made from the local pasa fruit.
“I’ll put a little rhythm down, a blues thing, we start jamming,” he said.
“If I had triplets, I’d feed them like that, too.” There was a pause.
Normally, priests are allowed inside the main shrine to clean only a few times a year before certain festivals.
Our heartfelt condolences to her family.
Rita also leaves her brother Edward and his wife Yvonne Mulroy, Deerfield Beach, FL; four grandchildren; Nick Lynch, Perri Lynch, Seth Hanapole and Alex and his wife Danielle Chernoff and three great-grandchildren; Daniel, Clara and Jack Lynch.
Moeller (Maersk Line), Copenhagen, Denmark until 1975 when he founded Holding Capital Group.
Did you know former President Teddy Roosevelt was an American?
Hardy set the American record in the 100 breaststroke in 2005.
They felt that the paperwork and charting required of primary care physicians were more onerous, and they were not eager to care for the chronically ill in a health care system that focuses on acute care.
Expanded rankings are available on the Web: nytimes.com/books.
“I think right now, the situation that we find ourselves in, we’re probably seeing the worst attributes of everyone, in terms of their play, their character,” Thomas said.
He reminded me of his fondness for Cesar Chavez.
But as the economy slowed, newspapers suffered a particularly bad fourth quarter — the peak period for ad sales — with revenue down 10.3 percent from a year earlier.
He’d stave off mid-morning hunger by downing two or three dozen clams or oysters , then repair to Delmonico’s or Rector’s for a lunch that consisted of more oysters and clams, lobsters , crabs, a joint of beef, pie, and more orange juice.” In midafternoon, allegedly, came a snack “of more seafood,” followed by dinner: “Three dozen oysters (the largest Lynnhavens were saved for him), a dozen crabs, six or seven lobsters, terrapin soup,” and a steak, with a dessert of “a tray full of pastries... and two pounds of bonbons.” Later in the evening, allegedly, came an après-theater supper of “a few game birds and more orange juice.” Nearly every account of Brady’s eating habits hews to this mega-menu, with the odd variation here and there.
Now, she has watched wistfully as the Federal Emergency Management Agency has installed several mobile homes on her block for other people with flood-damaged homes.
The Daily Telegraph of Australia reported Saturday that a great deal of corrosion had been found in a recent inspection of that hold, but safety experts and airline officials debunked the report on Saturday.
Aside from videos, a wealth of first-hand reports may be available inside China, though tracking them down may be difficult without Web sites like Agam’s Gecko and Global Voices , two critical hubs of information during the Myanmar protests that are likely on Beijing’s radar.
This was, she said, her first New York concert in 10 years.
Videos, photographs and artifacts of great athletes as youngsters are displayed in what look like portholes, with the goal to inspire young fans.
lounge, and (another American-inspired marketing touch) ushers clutching bouquets handed roses to women as they exited.
If Hillary could not have an acceptance speech, she wasn’t going to have acceptance.
But we already are important, in culture.
That was a pity: here was the only unfamiliar score on the program, and not much of it was heard.
For luxury watches, visit Haute Horlogerie Schindler (Bahnhofstrasse 5; 41-27-967-11-18), which carries timepieces by Breguet, Blancpain and Vacheron Constantin.
There has been no claim of responsibility for the attack, and American and Sudanese officials investigating the shooting have not specified any suspects.
When I was in graduate school, I dug a small garden, just some tomatoes, sweet corn, lettuce and a few other things.
They have a smudgy, tonal elegance, and collectively they produce a sumptuously decorative ambience.
So two of us slipped inside and claimed a seat at the bar.
Brooklyn District Attorney Charles J. Hynes announced the indictments at news conference several hours after the three officers surrendered, detailing the accusations and disclosing the charges by the grand jury that painted a chilling picture of police brutality and subsequent cover-up.
After taking two of three from the Cubs last week, Houston has trimmed its deficit in the division to two games and travels to face division rivals St. Louis and Milwaukee this week.
Mr. McCain has a rich uncle, however, in campaign financing: the Republican National Committee.
The question about Mr. Obama is whether he can do the same.
There are 328 Supreme Court justices, who serve 14-year terms.
And with that position the supremely affecting final pas de deux (set to the most archingly beautiful melody in Messager’s score) begins.
Michael Boyajian Fishkill, N.Y. To the Sports Editor: I suppose I should not have been surprised to read that Alexei Yashin’s ego is as big as it ever was.
Often, he said, drivers might have to wait for four or five minutes at a bus stop, while lines of riders swiped several MetroCards with insufficient funds or went through their wallets, digging for a fare coin by coin.
If you want to try something a little different, add some modern Greek theater to the mix.
This question pops up occasionally, with a different business or group mentioned as the supposed beneficiary.
The ceremony was led by Nuala Archer, a friend of the couple who received permission from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to officiate.
South took dummy’s two top diamonds, then called for a spade.
Here are their report cards.
He then invoked the words emblazoned on the coat of arms of Indonesia, the world’s largest Muslim country: “Unity in diversity.” That’s what I saw among the kids at the school, 85 percent of whom are Muslim, and the rest Christian.
Mr. Karadzic’s brother, Luka Karadzic, indicated over the weekend that an appeal had been filed Friday in an effort to delay extradition.
“Seventeen below zero!” says a third.
Mr. Saakashvili said the police crackdown on protesters was justified because a supporter of the protesters was plotting a coup.
It doesn't quite go as planned in ''Boy A,'' a British film directed by John Crowley, which wonders if criminals ever finish paying their debts to society.
“United Egg Producers Certified,” formerly “Animal care certified,” is presented by the United Egg Producers, America’s leading trade association for egg farmers, which has standards for caged and cage-free layers.
In a typical year, the tour traverses 22 such mountains.
He was 94 years old.
I’d like to have one.
How long this situation lasts will determine the immediate course of the nation’s economic life.
Risa Heller, the governor’s communications director, said on Wednesday, “Rather than attacking the governor, the advocacy groups would be far better served by getting their members and New Yorkers across the state to rally behind the governor’s bold package.” She added, “One thing is for certain: Constant naysaying will not lead to progress.” The governor’s new campaign finance proposal would close loopholes that allow corporations and wealthy real estate developers to contribute vast sums through subsidiaries and limited liability companies.
Mr. Batista, a former United States Army officer credited with helping to free hostages abducted by Colombian rebels, has frequently been quoted by journalists on Mexico’s drug violence.
As an outgrowth of a personal collection, “Village” feels proprietary in a way that Ms. Whiteread’s cast sculptures do not.
The reason these teammates treated one another so harshly was fumble trouble, one of football’s most humbling maladies.
Where the devil was I?
It was unclear if either man recognized the other.
We tell them not to be smart or belligerent back.
PAGE A14 WEATHER DELAYS TRAP THOUSANDS Snow and ice set off delays and cancellations of flights and rail and bus travel around the country, leaving thousands of people at impromptu Christmas Eve camp-outs in airport terminals and rail and bus stations.
I nodded, and handed over Bessie and her bow.
1 marketing and branding challenge competing against Nike?
A customer intervened, but Mr. Gonzalez had words with that man, the manager said, and chased him out of the store.
Overuse and misapplication of nitrogen-rich fertilizers are degrading or putting at risk waters of all descriptions at an accelerating rate and must be curbed, the county says, and at least some of the problem has to do with untimely applications.
A few works stood slightly apart from the shared harmonic style.
“I know I have something to offer in life,” she said.
Ms. Locy declined after the hearing to discuss any details of the case but said that the judge’s order could make it difficult for journalists to report on the status of any law enforcement investigation, even a high-profile one, “until someone is charged, tried and convicted.” “I’m concerned about the ramifications of this order for all journalists, beyond just me,” said Ms. Locy, who now teaches journalism at West Virginia University.
When he missed his deadline, she got him another contract and a $40,000 advance from Times Books.
Others say privately that this new wave of swimwear is enhancing a swimmer’s buoyancy to a degree that could be considered performance-enhancing.
The financial blockages, real and feared, were on display Thursday during another spasmodic day on Wall Street.
“If one expert says yes and the other says no, it makes it unsellable, ” Mr. Baroni, the art dealer, said.
Would the bank teller think I was the world’s cheapest assassin for hire, or merely a thrifty theater buff?
He ran the flat course in 2 hours 3 minutes 59 seconds to become the first person to break the 2:04 barrier.
RED SOX 11, MARINERS 3 Manny Ramírez hit his 504th career home run and Tim Wakefield baffled most of the Mariners hitters for seven innings.
Among them he lists the West Bank separation barrier and the hundreds of roadblocks and checkpoints that dot the West Bank, which the Palestinians and the international community want to see removed.
“Everybody is for the environment,” Assemblyman Rumana said.
''It feels like we've been out here slogging along doing it for a long time,'' she said with a laugh.
The blooms look like petal-ringed smiley faces, only better — and crazier.
With the White House staunchly opposed to the plan, and Senate Republicans appearing increasingly reluctant to sign on, the bill’s leading champion, Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts, conceded that its future was in doubt.
Over all, this has been a strong showing for United States junior tennis, with seven players making it to the quarterfinals, the most in 20 years.
BOARDMAN--Cantor Joseph, 84, of Charlottesville, VA, died at home January 7, 2008.
The defendant, Ahmad Edwards, was a schizophrenic who was originally deemed incompetent to stand trial on a charge of attempted murder.
I am sure all of you in front of me right now can attest to the hard work that it took to earn that seat you are now sitting in.
And there are some big names on those songs” — the pianist Fred Hirsch produced some tracks and plays on the album, Ms. London said.
But it is believed to have been encouraged by the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq, a crucial element of his governing coalition.
CT colonoscopies, so-called virtual colonoscopies, are not a solution, some screening experts said.
“I think people are not that stupid because they would lose the ability to do business,” said James Forde, who was filling up his company’s Grand Caravan with $84 of gas.
But representatives of the firm did not dispute reports that the sale would probably result in the elimination of most of them.
Although he was convicted in 1990 on a misdemeanor drug-possession charge based on his use of cocaine in a Mayflower room in 1989, the well-known incident videotaped in 1990 during a Federal ''sting'' operation occurred in what was then the Vista Hotel in Washington.
Craig Hansen (0-2) walked three consecutive batters to allow the tying and go-ahead runs.
After the music shifts, however, Ms. Tharp introduces a new couple, recognizable from “Opus 111,” and now dressed in elegant brown.
“Why would I want to leave?” he said, pouting.
“When our clients need help,” says Barry Rinehart, Troy-Hogan’s main power player, who radiates the same expensive sartorial confidence that Trudeau does, “we target a Supreme Court justice who is not particularly friendly, and we take him or her out of the picture.” This multipart process involves choosing a victim and creating rival candidates from scratch.
It said, ''Give it up!''
But after the second movement, someone called out loudly, “Don’t start clapping,” single-handedly ruining the moment.
“I want a pure electric car.
This season we are playing Ellington for the company.
By September, Mr. Smith and Ms. Zeller, who has a daughter, were engaged and living together.
Beloved great-grandmother of Frederick James and Henry Charles Robinson of Woodland Hills, CA.
If the costs were spread out over the year, my wife would be less likely to grasp the total.
She built historically black Cheyney State into an early women’s powerhouse.
According to a report by JupiterResearch, “24 percent of marketers have run a viral marketing campaign, but many struggle to get the expected buzz.” Marketers aren’t giving up the fight.
Fuller opened the plant in March 1933.
The morning after, at 9:15, Mr. Kerviel began a long and anxious chat with Mr. Bakir in which he was so nervous, he said, that he dreamed about getting out of the office “without trouble.” Later that afternoon, around 2 p.m., Mr. Kerviel reveals that Luc François, former co-head of the equity and derivatives departments, and two other superiors, Pierre-Yves Marlat, the head of equities and derivatives trading, have met to discuss his case, as have Martial Rouyère, the head of the Delta One trading desk on which Mr. Kerviel worked, and Eric Cordelle, the deputy head of the Delta One desk.
Noraan Sadik and Stephen Caleb Haskins were married on Saturday at the Mosque of the Jerrahi Order in Chestnut Ridge, N.Y. Imam Yurdaer Doganata performed an Islamic ceremony.
“We’ve been diligently preparing for anticipated cuts; however, the amount proposed by the governor is excessive.” In Chappaqua, the district faces a 7.8 percent reduction in state aid, or $539,955 less than expected.
Had it passed, the initiative, known as Amendment No.
The suicide bomber blew himself up when he was stopped by one of the soldiers on guard duty, General Abbas said.
Chicago surpassed the team record set in December 1971 and matched in January 1981.
So why had my grandfather done this?
The United Nations secretary general, Ban Ki-moon , appealed for “substantive” results from deadlocked talks brokered by the United Nations between Morocco and the pro-independence Polisario Front over the future of the resource-rich Western Sahara annexed by Morocco in 1975 after the colonial power Spain withdrew.
Jeeves purported to tackle questions with infinite patience — from “how do I make moonshine?” to “why am I so tired?” — and return silver-plattered answers from reliable sources on the Web.
The family, then living in a poor neighborhood in the Greenspoint section of Houston, was traumatized in 2005 when Ricky fell in with a gang, began committing petty crimes and vandalism, and was kicked out of school.
“I talked to a nurse who lost her investment account that had her kid’s college savings,” Ms. Berke-Schlessel said.
Lakers ¶Antonio McDyess is coming back to play for the Detroit Pistons, his agent, Andy Miller, said.
Park rangers need these regulations to protect the parks for future generations of Americans.
After he sat out the entirety of the preseason loss to the Boston Celtics, D’Antoni suggested that Curry, the incumbent center, had to prove himself to land a rotation spot.
Born in New York City in 1932, Silberkleit attended the Fieldston School before going to Albright College as an undergraduate.
For Constellation, the deal replaces a proposed merger with MidAmerican Energy Holdings, run by the investor Warren E. Buffett, which would have taken Constellation Energy private.
PAGE 1 ROCK STAR TO MARIACHI Linda Ronstadt, decreed ''Rock's Venus'' decades ago by Rolling Stone, will perform in the 17th Annual International Mariachi and Latin Music Festival as a tribute to three mariachi divas.
He retired to a lakeside home with a sauna, in Rhode Island, in 1984.
An authenticator applied a silver sticker to each jersey to verify that it had been worn during the final regular-season game between the Red Sox and the Yankees at Yankee Stadium.
Expanded rankings are available on the Web: nytimes.com/books.
Drawn mostly from the Whitney’s permanent collection, it was organized by Donna De Salvo, the museum’s chief curator, and Gary Carrion-Murayari, an assistant curator.
For 11,219 animals in the bromeliads of lowland Ecuador, see Armbruster, P., Hutchinson, R. A., and Cotgreave, P. 2002.
Even though we put the chopped orange chunks in a strainer and added honey, the mixture retained a soupy texture.
She stepped outside the protective cocoon and allowed herself to breathe and feel.
“It’s been a long year.”
At the Secaucus Junction train station of New Jersey Transit, Brian Simmons, 30, said that it had become much harder to get a seat on the train in recent months.
To this additional protection, in the merger agreement JPMorgan agrees in Section 6.6 that from the time of the acquisition: [JPMorgan] shall and shall cause the Surviving Company to, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify, defend and hold harmless, and provide advancement of expenses to, each [officer and director of Bear Stearns] against all losses, claims, damages, costs, expenses, liabilities or judgments or amounts that are paid in settlement of or in connection with any Claim based in whole or in part on or arising in whole or in part out of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of [Bear Stearns] or any of its Subsidiaries, and pertaining to any matter existing or occurring or alleged to have occurred, or any acts or omissions occurring or alleged to have occurred, at or prior to the [acquisition].
At least with the remade “Funny Games,” Mr. Haneke shows a certain kinship with someone like Eli Roth, whose “Hostel” movies have brought nothing but scorn from responsible critics.
Ms. Leendertse recently worked with the filmmaker Robert Gardner, who told her: “This is the artwork that I have.
“We want to go back to normal,” said Anthony Irungu, a shopkeeper, as he put a fresh coat of green paint on his stall.
She said many residents of the three cities would be unable to travel to Crown Point to cast early ballots and would not have time to vote on Nov. 4.
Several pedestrians complained of having been struck by bus mirrors in 2006 and 2007, according to Deirdre Parker, a spokeswoman for New York City Transit, but most of them did not say they were injured.
She struggled with that.” Kintner still wonders what her role will be.
Mr. Kodner said the Web site’s links to the apparel bring in about $500,000 a year, about 5 percent of the company’s revenue.
New York State Dormitory Authority, $94.4 million of debt securities.
Bernanke’s education has just begun.
Marketing research, he says, simply suggested an opening for smoke-free gambling.
Thick stems clinging to trees can be cut and painted with Vine-X or Roundup, but care must be taken to avoid damaging the tree and the surrounding plants.
According to one European Union official present at the dinner, Mr. Medvedev seemed almost shy at the start of the meal, which began with borscht en gelée followed by pheasant.
Her father is a custom home builder.
By comparison, Barrick Gold reported a 28 percent rise in fourth-quarter profit, and earnings at Canada’s second-biggest gold mining company, Goldcorp, nearly quadrupled.
The defense will be charged with slowing Deion Branch, who returns after missing two games with a right calf strain, and the pass-happy offense of Coach Mike Holmgren.
EVOLENCE A gel derived from porcine collagen.
A third disapproved of the war.
“I wanted the family to work together, and most of my nieces and nephews had not been involved with the foundation,” Mr. Stone said recently.
But these elements are all part of the artist’s biography.
Somalia has been mired in chaos for 17 years.
Mitigation only and a combination of mitigation and R.&D.
Chinese food may be good for the heart.
Mr. Obama, campaigning in Colorado, also was taken by surprise.
BAA, formerly the British Airports Authority, has been owned since 2006 by the Spanish infrastructure group Ferrovial, which also controls airports in Belfast, Naples and Antofagasta, Chile.
The drugs produce about 70 percent of Schering-Plough’s profit, according to analysts.
Creating a system that allows for multiple-expert review, independent of any inventor, provider, purchaser or fiscal intermediary would help to mitigate bias.
The convention was booked for San Francisco well before the national mortgage meltdown, the $700 billion bailout and all the recriminations between.
Blocks and cylinder heads had to be upgraded to handle the more than 20:1 compression ratio of the diesels.
It's squishy, soggy and frighteningly tepid.
We took what’s now called the Q — we called it the Brighton line of the BMT — and could change to most other lines.
“Most of them have good education, but they can’t speak English well,” said Olga Klimenko, 47, a Russian immigrant who has become the organizer for counters because of her English skills.
Andrew Stanton (''Finding Nemo'') directs; the voices include Fred Willard and Jeff Garlin.
“All Iraq is ours and we are for Iraq.” Mr. Hashimi also condemned security operations in Nineveh Province, where Mosul is located.
Obama and McCain would commit approximately $85.6 billion and $78.8 billion annually, respectively, in resources towards science and technology policy.
Senator John McCain, the Republican candidate, asked Congress to help families facing foreclosure and to enact “a jobs-first economic plan,” as well as to lower health costs.
The shares of the jewelry company jumped more than 13 percent after it also gave a strong earnings outlook for the current fiscal year and forecast robust sales growth in overseas markets other than Japan.
Those versions have overshadowed his own reputation as a performer, but since the late 1960s he has been forging his own kind of swamp-rock: an earthy, homegrown amalgam of blues, country and his own Louisiana roots.
Mr. Serebin, who has made researching zoning a second career, says the village should consider a ban on “formula” businesses, those required to have the same trademarks, menus, signage and other features at all locations.
RESERVATIONS For prime times, call at least two weeks in advance.
He recorded every minute of it.
Inside, a group of about 20 mostly middle-aged men sat around a table running the length of the room.
Changing an agent’s report would have been a federal crime.
The top teams are stocking up on players like Memphis’s Derrick Rose and U.C.L.A.’s Kevin Love that would be headed to the N.B.A.
But this one was so intense that her parents took her to the doctor.
“All of you guys are wonderful,” he said to Beth Fertig, another reporter at the station.
Ethel Rosenberg’s brother was named David Greenglass.
Even a conservative like Jim Geraghty of National Review is driven to pay tribute to Ted Kennedy upon hearing the news that the Massachusetts senator has been diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor.
Now I’m in a position to empower all these people to have the same path that I was on.” She tells her students they should not be afraid to go anywhere — to Japan (where she went on a fellowship during college), or Africa, or India, or Antarctica.
“Embodying the Sacred in Yoruba Art” has a double purpose.
The Bernstein book sold more copies, though perhaps not as many as it would have without a rival book on the market.
The cause was a heart attack, said Anthony L. Geist, Mr. Osheroff’s friend and chairman of Spanish and Portuguese studies at the University of Washington.
Suppose we took two million cars off the road a year, at an average purchase price of $3,500 (the top price in the Texas program today).
There has not been such a blatant mismatch between a title and its meaning in sports since 1993, when Penn State’s athletics program became the 11th member of the Big Ten Conference.
The investigation has since been reopened at the request of Mr. Kerviel’s reconstituted legal team.
A button, for instance, issued at Mr. Obama’s campaign kickoff in February 2007 sold for $150 on Monday, the first day of the gathering, which ends Thursday.
Reese had told John Mara, the club president, that Tynes was going to nail it.
“Since when are fixing the economy and civil rights mutually exclusive?” said Daniel J. O’Donnell, an assemblyman from the Upper West Side who led the push for the bill in the Assembly.
They wore down the Eagles.
Located about 20 miles outside Damascus, the prison is believed to have about 1,500 inmates, most of them Islamists.
What kind of lessons will people draw from the city’s grand educational experiment then?
Dec. 16 through May 3 at the J. Paul Getty Museum, Los Angles, (310) 440-7300; getty.edu.
Hundreds of bloggers will descend on the Democratic and Republican conventions, and both parties want them there.
At once comical and resonantly archetypal, it was whittled from a single piece of wood by an unknown early-20th-century craftsman.
Christopher’s father, Charles Bizilj, will not be charged, the authorities said.
“We’ve been decades getting to this point,” he reminded a scrum of reporters.
But the authorities have not determined whether the engineer was sending messages when his train failed to stop for a red signal, leading to the collision.
“I don’t think piecemeal guaranteeing assets is that valuable,” Ms. Lucas said.
He said he had called Mr. Kelly to volunteer his office’s help.
During a Democratic administration, the country must stay united to correct the excesses of a party in power that seemed to rule by politics for power and profit for a few.
Do physics in summer, and the year is more manageable.
Yet, in more than a half dozen state legislative races, getting tough on illegal immigration has become the premier issue in this state, as it has in many others.
The following summer Ms. Stenson took him to Sag Harbor, N.Y., to visit the grave of her grandmother, Doris Guinier.
For Ms. Prenger, right, of Blackpool, this is the second television competition victory in two years: she also won the British version of “The Biggest Loser” in 2006.
More than 370 Palestinians have been killed in the Israeli assault so far, Palestinian officials said.
“It isn’t that I’m making a comeback after 12 years away from the Olympics,” she said.
Perhaps it was a sign of respect, or raptness, the way a circus crowd goes hush when an acrobat mounts a tightrope.
If you want to call that high expectations, fine.” Favre bounded out of the locker room Wednesday, tugging on his shoulder pads, slapping linebacker Eric Barton on the back.
These diseases, Dr. Hoogesteijn said, attack the reproductive tract of cows, causing abortions and stillbirths.
(Scott) ‘SEMI-PRO’ (R, 1:30) In this 1970s-rooted sports comedy, the latest in his series of wildly successful movies about demented man-children, Will Ferrell plays the owner-coach-promoter-star of the Tropics, a Flint, Mich., team that’s part of the soon-to-be-defunct American Basketball Association.
Substitute hosts will fill in on the show while he recovers.
The Lions are trying to rebound from a 1-9 season, and have been picked to finish last in the Ivy League ; they were 0-7 in league play in 2007.
The fastest-growing segment is really in India for us.
At the courthouse, the crush of people, known as landmen in the world of oil, spend their days scouring enormous old binders of deeds, each trying to sort out who owns the mineral rights to land that once seemed valuable mainly for growing durum wheat or peas.
Ben Howland, coach of U.C.L.A., had not used Luc Richard Mbah a Moute, his 6-foot-8 junior forward, who is still dealing with a sprained left ankle.
In the course of the set, it was also easy to hear bits of the Allman Brothers, Sam Cooke, Jimi Hendrix, the Spencer Davis Group and, of course, another New Jerseyite, Bruce Springsteen, whose songs about hard times are darker and more complicated.
But the numbers don’t mean as much come tournament time.
Despite Wednesday’s failings, Lundqvist has been the most reliable reason for the Rangers’ success.
“Nobody wants this economy to grow more than me,” he said testily on Friday.
Cynthia Eyakuze Director, Public Health Watch, Open Society Institute New York, March 11, 2008
The auto companies want billions in bailouts, and other industries are lining up.
Facing the realities of a final year in office, with little time to win legislation from a Congress controlled by Democrats, Mr. Bush used the address to emphasize his power to block actions that he opposes.
Your local Manhattan grocer may fetch $10 a pound for Maine lobster, but the people who rise on these chilly mornings to tend their lobster traps are not so lucky.
(Mr. John is the guest on the premiere episode.)
At 11 a.m., Macaulay Honors College, City University of New York, 35 West 67th Street, Manhattan.
Swami is a generic word for “god” and was applied to a type of silverware combining European forms with Hindu images.
Ms. Kabuye is one of nine Rwandan officials wanted for questioning in France.
Meanwhile, Peter Hauspurg, the chairman of Eastern Consolidated, said that having a tenant in place might enhance the odds for a sale.
It’s not an exposé of malpractice, managed care or even human fallibility; it’s a celebration of the medical profession, which is often at its best when patients are at their very worst.
Most jobs at the utility have starting wages around $15 an hour; experienced employees in highly skilled positions can make as much as $40 an hour.
An accordion and a vocal score by Cynthia Hopkins accompany the cast of five, who wear Mary McKenzie’s beautifully cut dresses.
Commercial theaters are often renamed for theater personalities — the Jujamcyn theater chain recently rechristened two of its theaters after August Wilson and Al Hirschfeld, while the Shubert Organization, to somewhat mixed reviews, renamed two of its theaters after its current chairman, Gerald Schoenfeld, and former president, Bernard Jacobs, who died in 1996.
One goal is to help Comcast subscribers link their set-top boxes with the Internet.
Mr. Yoon said non-engineered corn cost Korean millers about $450 a metric ton, up from $143 in 2006.
Mr. Ashley, 33, is a special projects coordinator for the Dalio Family Foundation, a private charitable organization in Westport, Conn.
Shockey had surgery in North Carolina a few days after his injury, and has spent the weeks since at home in Florida.
★ ALVIN AILEY AMERICAN DANCE THEATER (Friday through Sunday) One of America’s greatest and most popular companies offers works from its repertory.
The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit said restricting the test was allowable.
If such acts were committed on the Cornell campus, my social life would obviously improve; yet, the overall mental and physical health of the Cornell community would drastically decrease.
More than 1,000 workers were laid off at the Moraine plant.
The Potomac primaries just rubbed it in.
In other states, lines snaked for hours and tested tempers.
Irvington Town Hall, 85 Main Street.
They were dumbfounded since I always demand that a million changes be made to my formulas before they arrive in the marketplace.
We will continue the work they started.” Israel’s Defense Minister Ehud Barak told Israel’s Channel 1 television that five bodies were recovered inside the house following the commando raid.
“I’m not going to ask you about that conversation; I know you don’t want to talk about it,” Mr. Stephanopoulos said in an edgy, we-both-know-better tone.
THE NEWS The New York City government said it was revoking 83 percent of the 63,000 parking permits it had issued to teachers and school employees for use near city schools.
John Sebastian and Richie Havens were there to reminisce.
He joked that his matching red-and-blue Herm?tie (unlike the cap, not a freebie) was a fashion coincidence.
A seven-week-old strike at a G.M.
Inquest testimony showed that Ms. Dick wavered at critical moments during the pursuit, finally deciding against halting Mr. de Menezes before the armed police caught up with him, after he had boarded the train.
She suggests starting a tour at the late 18th-century neo-Classical basilica of San Francisco el Grande , where the lateral chapels include an early altarpiece by Goya along with works by his contemporaries in the early 1780s.
But he proved a perfectionist himself, requiring three tries before proclaiming a pizza up to snuff.
“He’s just a big man, a very big man.” Thomas absolved Curry of any individual responsibility for the Knicks’ terrible season, saying that every player had struggled.
Scientists emphasize that the risk is small.
“You end up with the phenomenon of specialists referring to other specialists, with nobody coordinating, which results in confused messages, more referrals, more hospitalizations, deterioration in health care and a more anxious patient,” Dr. Manheimer said.
The man with the falcon didn’t ski.
I’m not saying that this product itself is going to take the world by storm, even though I think it is better than any other set-top box I’ve ever seen.
It would be difficult to conclude otherwise.
Publications are rediscovering their archives, like a person learning that a hand-me-down coffee table is a valuable antique.
Basically, the Kindle’s lightness and reflective display mean that it offers a reading experience almost comparable to that of reading a traditional book.
The current phase of their evolving relationship can be seen in “Bamboo Blues.” “She’s the main person responsible for initiating me into the contemporary dance world,” Ms. Shivalingappa said on the phone from Paris.
It is true that the study’s authors, Jake Dear and Edward W. Jessen, work for the California court system.
As Milt snatched back his handkerchief and tried to tidy himself up, I laughed harder than at anything in my life.
The loss of independent firms that functioned as market makers — like Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, Merrill Lynch and Wachovia — has disrupted markets, she said, and so has the continued unwinding of leveraged bets, often packaged as complex derivatives , taken by hedge funds.
He hired a five-man security detail that included former police officers, Mr. Brafman said.
All of those steps have demonstrated broad international support for Georgia’s government and its president, Mikheil Saakashvili, whom Mr. Medvedev called “a political corpse” this week.
The Cincinnati Enquirer printed filled-out ballots selecting only hometown players.
For his first Village Vanguard engagement since 1997, though, the sorcerer has an apprentice: Tony Oxley, a British drummer whose history with Mr. Taylor goes back two decades.
A restrictive approach to one of the most obscure periods of rock music would seem to limit a book’s audience.
WITH: Mike Iveson, Vin Knight, Aaron Landsman, April Matthis, Annie McNamara, Randolph Curtis Rand, Greig Sargeant, Kate Scelsa, Kaneza Schaal, Susie Sokol, Tory Vazquez and Ben Williams .
also found terminal cancer in his bones, lungs and liver, it is unclear whether the radiologist missed evidence of his broken back or if that injury occurred sometime between the X-ray and his Aug. 2 admission to Rhode Island Hospital, in Providence.
And the idea of a Barack Obama-Nancy Pelosi-Harry Reid triumvirate, should Democrats still control Congress after the election, is anathema to many Republicans, as well as to independents who believe in the virtue of two-party government.
During any future trial, Mr. Marri’s lawyers could show a jury interrogation tapes showing that he had been treated roughly.
2 Stanford held off visiting Minnesota.
Signs of stress emerged in the credit markets, the price of commodities like oil plunged and stocks swooned.
It makes things feel adversarial, as if a family’s agreeing on what to hang in the dining room is a laughable idea.
In practice he settles for taps on the pads when he would much rather put his helmet down and soak in the familiar crash.
Ayman Saadi, a resident, said he ran away when the first bomb went off, expecting a second detonation.
I just want to figure out how we get out of this box.” Voices like hers are like a subsurface hum that never quite goes silent on the trail.
Their first choice for a name, Mr. Morgenstern said, was the Bourgeois Scum, but “they were told that was not commercial.”
We play fairly often — at all the festivals and whenever we are happy.” He smiled.
I think of that every day.” As a peer, Accorsi said, he could relate to Cashman.
Early this year, in an article titled “John McCain Where Art Thou?” it complained that he offered “a laundry list of fairly vague answers” on how to improve schools and did not make education a priority.
He had previously developed markets in London and then moved to New York to found the holiday market at Grand Central Terminal .
Matt Saracen, the team’s generally noble and well-behaved quarterback, has gone out and gotten drunk, neglecting the grandmother he takes care of, who finds herself in the hospital.
And while there are cyclical bursts — we’re in one right now — of worrying about the Boy Reader, publishers know there aren’t enough of those to keep them in business, and they’ve got to get those girls.
Now Mr. McCain has been forced to redouble his efforts, expanding the number of offices here over the last month to 16, from 10, party officials said.
“It is easier to hide than it is to find,” a United States official said about problems in software.
Does that mean you should take a picture of them?
“My heart is burning,” Lee Il-soo, who runs a small business, said as he fought back tears.
SAVE ME Opens on Friday in Manhattan.
But U.S. News, with fewer resources, decided years ago not to try to keep pace on news reporting and to put more emphasis on service reporting.
Inside Menza, one of seven clubs in Metelkova City, bands were warming up for a 10:30 start.
“You know, some people may call this the Rust Belt, but that’s not what I see,” she said.
Increasingly some seem to suffer from income dysmorphia.
The power of the sports commercial is that it conveys the illusion of intimacy with an athlete.
MISS TERRELL, a 30-year-old Newark native, says high fees and the lure of free charter schools killed off Blessed Sacrament.
He and other neighborhood activists said they feared that as a result St. Pauli could lose the artists and small, locally run cafes that made it unique, beyond the flashing neon lights of the striptease clubs.
But they say souvenir and food purchases are off, as at other tourist destinations.
You know when you’re doing something relevant or just doing something.” Patronage is generally an act of public service or private obsession, but it would be naïve to call it selfless.
Stocks plunged , with the Dow ending the day down nearly 778 points in the worst single-day drop in two decades.
It is by applying the tried and true principles of counterinsurgency used in the surge, which Senator Obama opposed, that we will win in Afghanistan.” In near-simultaneous appearances about 1,700 miles apart, Mr. Obama and Mr. McCain drew sharp battle lines on Iraq and Afghanistan, where rapidly evolving events have tested the candidates and their positions.
Once, outside a Japanese restaurant in Montclair, Ms. Frezza recalled, a family in a parked car “were just staring at me, for the longest time.” “Finally the mom came out.
In making it to Las Vegas in a total of 1,418 minutes without burning an ounce of petroleum, the duo from Cave Junction, Ore., collected a $5,000 prize in the Escape From Berkeley race.
And some science guests will be funny as well as fun, like the improv troupe the Science Squad and Zachary Charlap Powers, a science rapper.
After the show, she mingled obligingly with her fans, to all appearances as delighted with their company as they were with hers.
Graham’s sentence and the sentence given to the former cyclist Tammy Thomas earlier this month were seen as encouraging signs for Barry Bonds, who is scheduled to go on trial March 2 on similar charges.
“This is mind-bogglingly awful,” Ian Shepherdson, United States economist at High Frequency Economics, wrote in a note.
For the first time in months, analysts and executives sound upbeat again.
If Mrs. Clinton chooses to hold her family together in tough times, good for her — doesn’t that promote the “family values” that conservatives are so delighted to extol?
They would seem well-equipped to do that with Marion Barber, but the rookie Felix Jones will miss several games with a strained hamstring.
“When I was hired for the district, I heard immediately about the windsled,” said Linda Kunelius, who became superintendent last year.
Through April 27, an outdoor art installation by Olia Lialin and Dragan Espenschied that features digitized front pages from The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Post and The Daily News.
Certain topics are out of bounds.
It was not reviewed well, largely because critics thought Mr. Little had been seduced by Papp’s charm and had become less an observer than an acolyte.
This is no longer about Chicago versus L.A.
The government’s plans to sell Pakistan Steel to a group of investors in 2006 were overturned, in part because the agreed-upon price was deemed to be about a third of the $1 billion value.
Two relatively green New York producers offered to take the show to the big dance of Broadway, and it looked like the beginning of a showbiz fairy tale.
Many other investors, however, remained unpersuaded.
The camera pans to reveal Dexter (Michael C. Hall) in a dentist’s chair.
“It’s going to be a wild one in the next three weeks,” Texas Christian Coach Gary Patterson told reporters after his team beat Wyoming on Saturday.
The van followed behind Club Cab for about 20 blocks.
Any promoter or boxer’s pay-per-view hopes rest, for now, on people uniting in groups that will make the expense affordable.
Maybe one day that would even mean the expected time of arrival of the next bus.
There are no records showing the highest speed the car ever reached.
But his relatively narrow margins in some contests — including last week against Mike Huckabee in Virginia — have rattled party leaders by accentuating his tenuous standing among conservatives.
The other 51 percent must be owned by someone with Costa Rican citizenship.
Later, Reqall tries to remind you of things at the right time, using e-mail, text message or instant message (your choice).
Last year, GMAC reported a $2.3 billion loss because of higher customer defaults, falling loan volumes and write-downs at its Residential Capital Mortgage unit.
Inside the Pietermaritzburg High Court, lawyers argued the technicalities of dropping the charges against Jacob Zuma , the leader of the African National Congress .
It is the same job he has already dominated, the same job he dominated Thursday.
Now, pay attention, for here is a case study.
The statistics floated in the news media and at Congressional hearings tend to view speculation in a vacuum, focusing on absolute position size and activity.
And when given the chance, mobile quarterbacks have traditionally had considerable professional success.
Was Weeton really, as she portrayed herself, an entirely innocent victim?
“The answer is we’ve got to come up with some prize that is really unique.” He added: “If the State Department did this on its own, we couldn’t put this prize package together.
“Now that they’re all sobered up, they’re trying to figure out if it’s still possible to capture the dream of providing affordable and high-speed access to all residents.” EarthLink announced on Feb. 7 that “the operations of the municipal Wi-Fi assets were no longer consistent with the company’s strategic direction.” Philadelphia officials say they are not sure when or if the promised network will now be completed.
Nor can Barbara Walters, Tina Brown or any of their high-rolling sisterhood claim to have assembled a gathering of women like those who share rich foods and richer confidences in this imperfect but important play from 1982.
The passenger, a bearded Orthodox Jewish man wearing a black hat and a long black coat, went to the back of a United Airlines jet with a small prayer book and started praying, according to a witness who was aboard.
He is seeking political asylum on the ground that the court cases he faces are politically motivated.
The house was completed in May and officially opened on Memorial Day — not a moment too soon for Ms. Drum-O’Neill.
“Who wants to treat a violent patient in a residential setting, anyway, or in any kind of private practice setting?” said Dr. Susan Jaffe, a New York psychiatrist who is chairwoman of the American Psychoanalytic Association’s committee on public information.
Iraqis want the closest possible relationship with the United States, and recognize its better nature as the strongest guarantor of international freedom, prosperity and peace.
Or they feel filled with anger and self-loathing because they’re fat or unlucky or embarrassed about their lack of means or meager prospects.
The church was packed, and the audience — not the usual faces seen at classical or even new-music concerts — sat in rapt silence through Mr. Greenwood’s work and early Minimalist scores by Gavin Bryars and John Adams .
The switch is forcing a fast change in strategy, as companies reposition their manufacturing lines.
(Details and information on Ramapo tomatoes are at njfarmfresh.rutgers.edu/JerseyTomato.html .)
Like others, I found the demonic threat too fearsome to engage and saw many an injured traveler drop by the wayside.
“You chose to put forth a health care plan that will leave out at least 15 million people,” she told Mr. Obama.
It said that the judges would have had to review the results of the entire all-around competition, not just Yang’s, to determine if the outcome would have differed.
To lean on another treacly hit from the “Sweet Caroline” era, it’s only just begun.
With the dawn of the space age, his warnings about interstellar contamination and his call for the scientific study of life beyond Earth’s atmosphere tapped into popular fascination and brought him international attention.
He’s hurt so badly he cannot return to work.
When he finally deigned to offer an explanation of his plan, Mr. Paulson argued that he could solve this problem through “price discovery” — that once taxpayer funds had created a market for mortgage-related toxic waste, everyone would realize that the toxic waste is actually worth much more than it currently sells for, solving the capital problem.
F5 Obituaries MARY GARBER, 92 When she began her career in sportswriting, female journalists were not allowed in press boxes and locker-room interviews.
Mr. Bush pursued the endorsements of Mr. Robertson and Mr. Falwell in 2000, largely because he was competing for conservative Christian voters against evangelical darlings like Gary L. Bauer, Alan Keyes and Steve Forbes.
The key to a secure energy supply is fuel diversity, with renewables playing an important part.
“So we said, ‘How can we make it smaller?’ ” On a recent afternoon, the mailman stopped in for coffee, as did an elderly couple of regulars who live in the retirement home down the road; Annalee pirouetted in, radiant, and the barista presented her with an espresso cup filled with whipped cream.
Mark Miller Seattle, July 10, 2008 The writer is a medical doctor.
Some British pubs began as simple meeting places, some as coaching inns — hostelries where stagecoaches stopped for the night for fodder, bed and stable.
It also said “flash points” in the Darfur region of Sudan and in Zimbabwe, Gaza, Iraq and Myanmar “demand immediate action” from world leaders.
“It’s only recently that we are having these questions,” said Christopher K. Cratsley , an expert on fireflies at Fitchburg State College in Massachusetts.
The irony could hardly be greater.
HOW DO YOU FINANCE SAVINGSPECIES.ORG?
She was overwhelmed by Williams in the final last year.
On Monday, William Berkman, who works for Liberty’s investment partnerships, testified that at a meeting of the IAC board on Jan. 16, Mr. Malone told Mr. Diller that he had a fiduciary duty to hold a vote of IAC shareholders on the spinoffs.
To get a big enough vote to override a threatened veto by President Bush, the House leadership obliged the worst instincts of Republicans.
The final insult is the horrible picture quality: Any hue lighter than, say, sky blue gets bleached into pure white, making your “scans” look like color Xeroxes with the settings wrong.
“I would want to make sure that anything that’s potentially embarrassing to the president, he ought to know about it in making the decision,” said Margaret Love, a pardon lawyer at the Justice Department in the Clinton administration.
“Women and children are not encouraged to go outside,” said Madan Mohan Bhalla, president of the Hamilton Court Resident Welfare Association.
Is this large enough to sustain the dense social fabric that Mr. Koolhaas is after?
Adults: $2,699 to $3,299; children: $2,429 to $2,969.
He left with a $210 million payout.
“We believe deeply in what we are doing today,” said Hazel Dukes, the president of the New York State chapter of the N.A.A.C.P., who was one of a dozen people arrested after they knelt and blocked traffic about 4:30 p.m. on the Canal Street ramps to the Holland Tunnel.
CASEY--Andrew William and Kathleen , of Bethlehem Township, NJ, formerly of Kings Park, NY and Setauket, NY, died on August 16, 2008Kathy was a loved and respected Nurse for many years at hospitals in New York and New Jersey and Andy was a renowned Cinematographer who worked on such films as ''Forrest Gump,'' ''Glory'' and the ''The Manchurian Candidate'' as well as television series such as ''The Sopranos.''
“Our president, Jerome Ringo, is probably on the road 250 days a year,” Ms. Gordon said.
When scarves and makeup could not cover her bruises, she did not leave their apartment in Brooklyn.
But Mayhill has developed quite a loyal and appreciative audience and with her most recent work demonstrates that citizen journalism can do many, many things still inaccessible to the M.S.M.” The post created an instant storm, garnering 5,000 hits immediately, more than 50,000 more in the next few hours and topping 100,000 by the end of the day.
According to Mr. Janzen, he came to the realization that “I don’t want this life — the life of someone who’s working too hard to pay a large mortgage to live in this house.” The catalyst, he said, was watching the value of his home plummet with the rest of the real estate market, while the time and money required to maintain the property only increased.
Others perused job-listing Web sites — Wharton’s alumni site was popular — and compared notes about job recruiters.
He waited to see if people moved their cars at the last minute.
Marc Freedman has become the voice of aging baby boomers who are eschewing retirement for what he calls “encore careers,” long periods of meaningful and sustaining work later in life.
“I was just an enthusiastic mountaineer of modest abilities,” Sir Edmund Hillary said on the 50th anniversary of his pioneering climb of Mount Everest, “an average bloke.” Even at the moment of his greatest triumph, he claimed no more.
Google, which has had mixed success with its own social network initiatives, subsequently announced that it was leading an alliance of social networks to promote a new standard for third party developers to create programs that run on their sites.
Despite its solemnity, “Make Me Rainbows” is uplifting.
“I don’t accept that there wasn’t a woman in this state that wasn’t qualified to serve on the Court of Appeals.” Mr. Cuomo, who appeared with the governor at the press conference, also registered his outrage.
The cause was complications of pneumonia, his granddaughter Leah Robinson said.
Security is to be stepped up at party headquarters and rallies and for public transportation, shopping centers and sporting events.
Representative Vito J. Fossella, the Staten Island Republican who was arrested on drunken-driving charges in Virginia last week, acknowledged on Thursday that he had fathered a daughter, now 3, in an extramarital affair.
Along with Bita Moghaddam, a neuroscientist who was at Yale and is now at the University of Pittsburgh, Dr. Krystal has been responsible for some of the fundamental research into how glutamate works in the brain and how it may be implicated in schizophrenia.
He has been spectacular in team competitions (winning an individual gold medal at the Chess Olympiad in 2006 and helping China win a silver medal) and has won or placed highly in some tough tournaments.
“We have a lot of similarities, without having the same blood,” Bowens said.
I am curious to the point of being nosy, and I think Philip is the same.
Pick your horse for one good reason — no one wants to hear the n00b rattle on about 20 different angles when you just started following the sport two weeks ago.
I don’t think I deserve it.
His noted arm strength led to a 56-yard touchdown strike.
For Mr. Paterson, that appointment would have the advantage of removing a possible rival should he seek election as governor in his own right in 2010.
The commission, whose approval is necessary for the project to proceed, recommended that the sculpture portray Dr. King as a more sympathetic figure.
Mr. Watts gave a playful, rambunctious account, often emphasizing dissonances and ornamental touches, and casting the work as the edge-of-the-seat showpiece it must have been for its early audiences.
Rabbi Neil Kurshan officiated at Cipriani 42nd Street in New York.
The argument in that case, United States v. Hayes, No.
It’s driven by Mr. Obama, of course.
It opened with a poem: All the dreams all the schemes and all the beautiful scenes, that ever were First never were Then were forever Then never, ever were again In April 2000, park workers found Chongo in their offices making copies.
“We ordinary people depend on this place for a living.
Using the system also requires a dashboard computer screen and printer system that can connect wirelessly to the Internet.
We’d like to lower our prices but we can’t.
The election remains Mr. Obama’s to lose, and he could lose it, whether through unexpected events, his own vanity or a vice-presidential misfire.
But Dale Kemery, a spokesman for the agency, wrote in an e-mail message that its budget provided “significant funding” for wastewater infrastructure nationally.
By then — when my cell phone had started to work — I had checked in with friends on other teams.
His financial stake in the policy debates over Iraq was not mentioned.
ANOTHER complicating factor for the Northeast is that its storms come quickly -- much more rapidly than Gulf hurricanes do.
The acquisition of the documents is the latest step in the Bush administration’s effort to complete a nuclear pact with North Korea before it leaves office in January.
José María Iñigo , a Spanish public television journalist, told the documentary that the Franco regime “had a great need to win recognition, even if it was only in one area.” In 1968 the winner of the Eurovision contest was determined by a jury from each participating country.
To make matters worse, the Huskies had lost three straight games against North Carolina, including an 82-76 defeat last year in Chapel Hill.
Or they can fall off a bike, like Malinda McCartney of Pembroke, Mass., who tore her ligament last year when she was 9.
When I see him, there is a certain happiness and sadness combined.
He got us back on the right track.” They arrived at the stadium shortly before 11 a.m. for a game that began at 1:08 p.m. “The guys in the clubhouse gave me stuff for trying to follow those guys because they didn’t know what they were doing,” Thompson said.
Thailand ’s embattled prime minister, Somchai Wongsawat , was confronted on Wednesday by angry protesters who reportedly threw shoes and plastic water bottles at him during a visit to a government telecommunications office.
“I was very annoyed because when I saw the mug shot I did not look as good as Frank Sinatra,” Mr. Kühne said.
By Caryl Churchill ; directed by James Macdonald; sets by Eugene Lee; costumes by Susan Hilferty; lighting by Peter Mumford; sound by Daniel Erdberg; music by Matthew Herbert; associate artistic director, Mandy Hackett; associate producer, Jenny Gersten.
You've never given up on me, because you know I'll never give up on you.
“Our principle in foreign policy is we’re against earning enemies," Mr. Erdogan said.
Somebody should tell these kids that they are creating their own misery, and we should all stop pretending that Manhattan is New York City.
At Mr. Mugniyah’s funeral on Thursday, Hezbollah’s leader, Sheik Hassan Nasrallah , threatened to retaliate against Israel, saying, “Let it be an open war anywhere.” The Israeli Counterterrorism Bureau warned Israelis traveling outside the country to avoid Arab or Muslim countries, remain on “high alert” and beware of kidnapping.
It’s a name I think suits her, perhaps better than her own.
That includes the phone, the air-conditioning, alarm clock and the television, which I don’t watch.
The rapturous absorption of Martha Chamberlain, partnered by Zachary Hench, was very welcome in the first.
“We’re used to dealing with rich people,” he replied.
“We have confidence it can be done,” Dr. Detrick said in January of the sphere’s forging.
''The young are preyed upon probably by our largemouth bass,'' Ms. Alvarez added.
Farrin looked up at me, concerned.
But Romain Nadal, a spokesman for the French Foreign Ministry, called the report biased and said it “contains unacceptable accusations against French politicians and military officials.”
A third, of uncertain date, combines ripped paper-doll figures with tied-on cardboard paint tubes resembling cartridge shells.
But nothing, she added, quite compares with Ms. Berman’s history of dislocation, which forms the foundation of the play.
Vané Laura Becidyan, the daughter of Victoria Becidyan and A. Nurhan Becidyan of Paramus, N.J., was married Saturday to Chad Michael Broussard, a son of Melonie B. Broussard and Larry J. Broussard of Grosse Tete, La.
He also thought that the Longhorns offered him the best education and that Austin had the most entertainment.
10 P.M. (Animal Planet) ANIMAL WITNESS: THE MICHAEL VICK CASE By many standards Mr. Vick, left, had it all: a 10-year, $130 million deal as a quarterback with the Atlanta Falcons and sponsorship by Nike, Coca-Cola and Kraft.
On his touchdown, Ross pointed to Flacco as he was chasing Ross to the end zone.
“Dermatology has always attracted bright students,” said Dr. Harley A. Haynes, a dermatology professor at the Harvard Medical School who has been mentoring medical students there since 1970.
Although the broadcast networks no doubt would have preferred to surpass last year’s performance, in an economy like this one, it could be said that flat is the new up.
Briskly, to minimize handling, plague vaccine is injected into the animal’s rump, hair dye is swabbed on her neck to indicate she has received her first injection, she is sprayed with flea spray and released into her hole.
Democrats currently hold not only the governorship but also most other statewide offices.
“He opened the door of obedience and contentment for us.” A few days later, relaxing over tea at her sister’s house, Ms. Halawi, still dressed in a black abaya, an Islamic gown, expanded on the theme of the ceremony.
“What is really amazing is you see how many great people out there want to adopt children,” she said.
This was closed off by two double doors, and no family member could walk around during sessions or enter or leave the house when patients were doing so.
“You wouldn’t forget that you have $3 million in stock in a retail chain going bankrupt.
But the potential merger could lead to a turbulent summer in the metals and mining industry if the two companies end up squaring off against another billionaire investor, Oleg V. Deripaska.
“I think it’s reading — the whole idea of concentrating and being alone in a room.
For Greg to keep this up might be too much to expect.
“We’re a very patriotic borough,” he said.
Mr. McCain was not happy to hear of it.
“The people in the barber shops, in the churches, on the blogs, are all expressing their outrage and dismay about her comments about Dr. King.” Mr. Rangel sought to lower the temperature, saying last week on MSNBC that his “wish” was that the entire affair “didn’t happen so that we can get on with the important issues.” Almost from the start, Mr. Rangel has appeared to be torn over Mr. Obama’s candidacy.
Students can study abroad for credit or take an accelerated semester-long class, two to four hours a day with four hours of homework.
The Skybox Booster Seat ( kurgo.com ) is one example.
“She was there with friends, I was with family,” said Mr. Mahoney, recalling that 2001 trip to Tampa, Fla. “When I found out she was a Giants fan like myself, I was thinking, ‘Man, this is too good to be true.’ ” The trip worked out better for the couple than it did for the Giants, who lost, 34-7.
Barr shares rose 22 percent Thursday morning on reports of a Teva acquisition.
He cites the work of Michael Rosenzweig, an evolutionary biologist based at the University of Arizona, who has analyzed data from all over the world and found a one-to-one correspondence between habitat destruction and species loss.
“My client denies any wrongdoing in this matter,” Mr. London said in an interview on Monday.
WHERE Near San Jos?el Cabo, Mexico.
He was a terror before he got sick.
How these captains of the financial world could make millions of dollars in salary, and yet their companies fail and then we have to step in to bail them out.” Mr. Paulson and Mr. Bernanke have been studying an array of new and sometimes radical approaches to fight what current and former Fed officials describe as the worst financial crisis they have ever seen.
Mr. Mulligan received an Academy Award nomination for the film, based on Harper Lee’s Pulitzer Prize -winning novel about rape, racism and injustice in the Depression-era South.
To accommodate the rescue plan for the mortgage companies, the bill raises the national debt ceiling to $10.6 trillion, an increase of $800 billion and the first time that the limit on the government’s credit card has grown to 14 digits.
“We were a pillar of strength in the markets,” said Citigroup’s C.E.O., Vikram S. Pandit , in an interview late Friday afternoon.
A moment later, Thomas’s cellphone rang.
(Ms. Bundy is shown in clips from the musical and gives the finalists a brief pep talk.)
Both offices will offer services like issuing passports and Ecuador’s official identity cards, registering births and weddings, and providing authorizations for children traveling on their own.
Based on the findings, doctors should avoid prescribing nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for these patients, or give them at low doses, a researcher said.
Yet he sang through them with his full voice and didn’t abandon them to shtick.
The bride, 26, and the bridegroom, 27, are to become medical interns this month, she at Hasbro Children’s Hospital in Providence, R.I., and he at Tufts Medical Center in Boston.
The initial episode of "Eli Stone" posits that the child received a flu vaccine containing the preservative; in recent years vaccine makers have produced new versions of the flu vaccine for children that do not contain the mercury-based preservative.
The walls were covered with old campaign signs — Spitzer for governor, Hevesi for comptroller — and volunteers were hurriedly pasting up new red, white and blue posters for Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s presidential campaign.
A cool reception led to multiple revisions, but “Edgar” never took hold in the opera house.
Accordingly, in New York City, Fox has bought commercial time on its top competitor, CNBC, highlighting the after-market programming.
“All three TV networks, CNN, Time and Newsweek, and the newspapers.
Joining Miami were Paul Pasqualoni as the defensive coordinator, Todd Bowles as the assistant head coach and secondary coach, and Kacy Rodgers as the defensive line coach.
Beloved wife of the late Dr. Henry Isenberg.
“There’s this ‘Alice in Wonderland’ quality to the question of, what is the public interest here and who’s protecting it?” said Mr. Brodsky, who conducted a hearing on the issue of public financing of sports stadiums this summer.
Funeral services will be held on Friday April 25, 2008 at the Church of the Holy Innocents in Neptune, NJ.
“Because of the largesse of the immediate community and even more so of our extended family, we are in a very positive place,” said the schools superintendent, W. L. Sawyer.
“We can commiserate on the different advantages and challenges that we face as older moms,” Ms. Katz said.
“Because of the economy, there is some movement, probably temporarily, back to tap water,” said John Sicher, publisher of Beverage Digest, an industry publication.
She went to bed as usual.
Senator John McCain , the Republican nominee for president, has denounced such phone calls in the past: In the 2000 primaries, Mr. McCain was a target of misleading calls that included innuendo about his family, and he blamed them in part for his loss to George W. Bush.
When I left Iraq in the summer of 2006, after living three and a half years here following the collapse of Saddam Hussein’s regime, I believed that evil had triumphed, and that it would be many years before it might be stopped.
HUNTINGTON Old First Church Mirian Conti, pianist.
PHOTO: WHAT 2-bedroom house; HOW MUCH $1.1 million
Di Fara, which was started nearly half a century ago by Domenico DeMarco, arrived during an era when the neighborhood’s population, though heavily Jewish, was far less devout.
And then there are Amazon, Microsoft and their offspring.
Likewise, having watched the American presidential candidates, particularly the Republican ones, stumbling over themselves in the debates to outdo the others in the strength of their belief in God and the Bible, their loyal spouses standing dutifully by, I don’t think that “loose and louche” are the adjectives that come immediately to mind.
Last year, Mr. Weigand’s sister, Sarah Brewer, of Clayton, Ind., unexpectedly became pregnant.
You can get married in Hemingway’s house — but, even better, you can live in Rudyard Kipling’s gorgeous and original mansion outside Brattleboro, Vt. Every room in the place, which was designed by Kipling to resemble a ship, has a view across the Connecticut River Valley and to the mountains beyond.
It is far from clear that Amazon’s unrestricted music files will be an advantage.
“There was a thing that said, ‘Click for other listings by this agent.’ And I saw there was one for the Osborne.” She saw it and she was sold, even though the bedrooms had no closets (they had been removed by the owner, an antiques dealer); even though Dr. Austin had been pushing for a leafy side street on the Upper West Side; even though by this point — March 2004 — their son was about to graduate and move west.
Soon, she owed two months’ rent, or $1,400.
“It has really strengthened all of us as a group.” What strengthened Roush Fenway even more was the two-year slide that resulted in the resolve to reel in Hendrick Motorsports.
When we win we will return the land — and the buffalos.” Mr. Shujaat, the governing party candidate, scoffed at the notion that he or his family would use weapons during the campaign.
Mr. Romney’s campaign also sought on Sunday to portray the swipes Mr. McCain took at Mr. Romney as unnecessarily personal in nature, distributing a quote from the Fox News commentator Brit Hume in which Mr. Hum said he thought Mr. McCain had come across as “scornful” and “even petty.” Perhaps aware of that possibility, Mr. McCain insisted on the NBC program “Meet the Press” that he bore no personal animosity toward Mr. Romney, saying he was a “good man,” though he added that he did not know him well.
* A four-bedroom villa on the Mediterranean in Antalya, listed by HouseFinderUK for about €648,000.
Like all iconoclasts, Mr. Oshima has a patricidal aspect to his career.
People are enjoying themselves because it is New York.” Two young travelers from Yokohama, Japan, said they shopped and went to Yankee Stadium and the Statue of Liberty.
“So,” I asked her, “what do you think of that?” “A man who lives in a box for five years can do whatever he wants,” she replied matter-of-factly.
“How fast can another human being go before there is no more running fast?” How long until we can trust what we are seeing?
Mr. Lipson refused comment on the matter.
In 2005, Ms. Cheng, the real estate broker, introduced Mr. Falor to R. Donahue Peebles, the owner of the Royal Palm Crowne Plaza Hotel, one of the largest hotels in Miami Beach.
The news media have been used too often by members of the Bush administration to leak information.
Mr. Hurwitz said he is looking to clarify the rules with the assistance of the organization’s Farmer Consumer Advisory Committee.
In contrast, the Mets have had only three seasons of at least 40 saves in franchise history (Armando Benitez in 2000 and 2001, and Billy Wagner in 2006).
They are done in the architectural style of Grand Central Terminal itself, with Botticino marble walls, seamless terrazzo flooring, Stony Creek granite partitions and mirrors with scalloped edges.
“The markets are considerably calmer now than they were in March,” he said.
To the Editor: Re “A Brooklyn Librarian Is Fined for Promoting His Daughter’s Book” (news article, Oct. 22): In the seemingly small action of the Conflicts of Interest Board is revealed the truly monstrous in the exercise of government authority.
Pompa accepted the offer from International Equine Acquisitions Holdings, which, he said, put Big Brown’s value at “a little more than $3 million.” As part of the sale, I.E.A.H.
And there have been fitful efforts at an overhaul.
Built for the St. Louis International Exposition in 1904, the organ was bought by John Wanamaker in 1909 for his new Philadelphia store and inaugurated in the seven-story atrium of the Grand Court in 1911.
But while both the government and its opponents espouse the ideal, neither side has a purely democratic vision.
“That could pose a problem,” said Olbermann, who toured the stadium several weeks ago for a segment on “Countdown.” “The new park is pretty big.” A telephone message left for Castignoli at his home in the Bronx was not immediately answered, and the Yankees declined to comment.
This year, Mr. Kmiec was denied communion by a priest at a gathering of Catholic business people because of his support for Mr. Obama.
She will have executive experience, and have served in a job like attorney general, where she will have proven herself to be “a fighter” (a caring one, of course).
The most perplexing inclusion is Spencer Sweeney’s police car — actually a converted taxicab — fixed upside down to the ceiling with a disco ball and theater lights attached to its roof.
The younger Mr. Marroquin had headed outreach programs at No Guns.
Giuliani Denies Move for Power Former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani is trying to distance himself from reports that he was trying to install one of his top lieutenants as the chairman of the New York Republican Party.
Mr. Huang, who was detained on June 10, has not yet been formally charged with any crime.
But Democrats struggled to persuade their constituents, who saw it as a bailout of Wall Street, that it would help them much.
Few of his fellow billionaires have been as blatantly using art, philanthropy, public policy and even rock 'n' roll ($5 million for a Paul McCartney concert in Kiev) to advance their agenda.
“We’re not going to go after everybody, and it won’t be the only factor,” Mr. Lipton said.
A Democratic victory in November is important to the future and to the change in course that the American people want and deserve.
But it’s the way the kitchen delivers on traditional central Italian favorites that is its strength.
It is an everyday pet, a Joe the Dog, whom people can easily relate to.
One problem is that parents who don’t want their child going outside on a given day will intentionally keep the child’s coat so he or she will be kept indoors.
Shortly after noon on June 9, Mr. Israel’s abandoned GMC Envoy was found along a shoulder of the Bear Mountain Bridge near the Hudson River with the message “suicide is painless” written in dust on the hood.
Other offshore entities involved are affiliated with Tremont Group Holdings, which had $3.3 billion invested, and several Swiss banks, including Union Bancaire Privée and Banc Benedict Hentsch & Cie. Fairfield Greenwich operates affiliates in offshore havens like the Cayman Islands.
They are also required to report whether they fall within five ranges of values: from category A, which is $5,000 or less, to Category F, which is $250,000 or more.
Acknowledging Saturday that “I didn’t say it as well as I should have,” he explained his remarks by focusing on his characterization of those voters’ economic woes.
On Greenwich Street, a commercial corridor, nine units are in contract at the Devon , a new 40-unit luxury condominium scheduled for occupancy early next year.
Ed Thomas stood in the ruins of Room 214 at the high school, where the clock face on the wall was stuck in time: 4:56.
[New York Sun] The city’s Access-A-Ride paratransit service has been extended three-quarters of a mile into Nassau County, making it easier for many disabled and elderly Queens residents to travel to medical appointments .
TARRYTOWN Eyebuzz Fine Art Gallery Small oil and wax abstract paintings by Russell DeYoung.
Thursday, 6 to 9 p.m. Free.
Only a few of the subleases being offered — by Nomura at 2 World Financial Center, iStar at 1095 Avenue of the Americas and UBS at 1251 Avenue of the Americas — can be tied directly to troubles in the financial services industry.
Citing the long history of warnings about the dangers of smoking , Representative John D. Dingell, chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, said that it was hard to believe that the federal government had not yet regulated the tobacco industry.
“How do I clean out my litter box every day?” one New Yorker asked.
Rabbi Michael L. Ehrlich officiated.
Still, India is the more worrisome case.
Cheng finished seventh after falling on one of her tumbling passes.
PILLSBURY--Donaldson C. The Board, artists and staff of The Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center note with great sadness the loss of our longstanding Board member and cherished friend Don Pillsbury.
There wasn’t anything they could do for me.
“Deport them,” said some more.
Mr. Leino, 25, is an analyst of governmental and corporate security strategy and crisis management at the security and safety division of Giuliani Partners, a consulting firm in New York.
Last year, 430 called it quits, and the organization expects at least that many, but probably far more, to close in 2008, leaving about 20,000 of them nationwide.
I think that both of those candidates have the potential of doing it in a very dignified, professional way.
The book weighs in at 484 pages, and in the acknowledgments Rabe thanks his copy editor, who received the manuscript when it was four-fifths done.
She uses her twirling vibrato as rhythmic punctuation.
There is little doubt that American workers need unions.
“Smackdown,” which had its premiere on UPN in 1999, moved to CW in 2006 when UPN merged with WB.
A local transportation authority was seeking permission to extend a toll road 16 miles near San Onofre State Beach in San Diego County to provide an alternate route to congested Interstate 5, Southern California’s main north-south artery.
“In our master design, we have a high school wing that can be added,” he said.
“I just knew that my team needed me to score a little bit,” said Rose of his increased offensive production in the second half.
The accompanying charts are based on the survey conducted by the Institute for Supply Management in the United States and by a variety of organizations in other countries.
By comparison, all the presidential candidates spent a total of $43 million in Iowa and $32 million in New Hampshire, according to a report from the Wisconsin Advertising Project.
Detective McNamee continues her rounds, knocking on doors, reading names on mailboxes, checking up on the sex offenders of Dickinson.
I am feeling the sweat on the back of my neck and the hot, wet air pressing against my chest like a rock on my heart.
So it’s a surprise to receive an amuse-bouche.
Even if a prejudice is directed to a matter of choice, like religion or long hair, it’s still prejudice.
Marsh also takes the by now obligatory view of John Lomax as simply an exploiter of the blues and of Leadbelly.
“They have their own strategies to execute, and I can’t control that,” he said.
“I think it’s dire,” she said.
“He tells me the other night he would only feel comfortable voting for Jesse Ventura,” Lonnie said, laughing.
The all-star center Dwight Howard was shut down by Charlotte’s defense, scoring 4 points.
There may be less traffic than usual during the growing gasoline crisis, but people in cars and trucks and buses still want to get home or to the Hamptons or wherever they were headed.
But they didn’t marry.” The new title song the three wrote in the garage for Sinatra was “Nice ’n’ Easy.” It contained lines like “Hey, baby, what’s your hurry/Relax and don’t you worry/We’re gonna fall in love,” along with a friskily modulated melody that always seems on the verge of charging forward before making another seductive stop along the way.
That’s hard on everyone, because not as many people have been paying attention to celebrity news right now.
Their opposition raises serious doubts about whether the plan will pass in this week’s postelection session.
His sixth-place finish last year could have been better had he not lost nearly eight minutes to Evans in the two time trials.
Greg Bennett of Australia won his fourth consecutive New York City Triathlon, with a time of 1 hour 46 minutes 30.9 seconds.
Throughout Hank Steinbrenner’s repeated public comments about his desire to get Santana, and throughout the Red Sox’ talk of offering pitcher Jon Lester or outfielder Jacoby Ellsbury, but not both, the mute Minaya lurked in the background.
Late last year, there were rumors that UBS planned to sell the retail brokerage wing of its former Paine Webber unit, which employs more than 8,000 financial advisers.
This excited me briefly before I realized that Mr. Davison, on guitar, had played a 165-note streak (on medium!)
The struggle to end military rule and bring a return to democracy is a long, uphill battle, he said.
He replied that he decided his efforts to advance the cause of open-source learning software “would have more impact from outside of O.L.P.C.
Industry analysts said Mr. Henderson’s bulldog approach would complement Mr. Wagoner’s more strategic bent.
Commenting on the level of involvement among NATO nations, General McNeill said, “It is probably an incontrovertible truth that if you pull a huge alliance together, that the going-in position of different nationalities of that alliance, or at least their military forces, is somewhat different.” Bush administration officials have been on the defensive about Afghanistan since a critical report was released last week by an independent commission whose co-chairman was Gen. James L. Jones, a former NATO supreme commander.
We need senators who independently analyze each issue and then vote their understanding.
And that they are secretly, or not so secretly, laughing at us.
But the recovery from the man who commandeered her recovery and subsequent renaissance has not been entirely smooth either.
Operatives on both sides say Mr. McCain gave as well as he got for most of the race.
And still others spend their days pining for the one that got away, thinking of new and creative ways to woo her.
Furthermore, neither montepulciano nor Montepulciano should be confused with Montalcino, another Tuscan town famous for its brunello.
I find it always worth a visit, and especially this weekend, when they will be introducing a new show on Dutch design, including pieces by Studio Job and the Rotterdam-based Tomas Gabzdil Libertiny .
As for Brazil, it’s no longer defined by Pelé, pistols and poverty, although there are still plenty of the latter two.
Financial services, he said, are moving from London and New York to emerging markets.
And two major shareholders, Oppenheimer Funds and FMR , have been reducing their positions.
I just thought, maybe this is it.” Smith, then a redshirt freshman wide receiver for Vanderbilt, was found to have transverse myelitis, a neurological disorder caused by inflammation of the spinal cord.
Mr. Obama and his running mate, Senator Joseph R. Biden Jr., drew 8,000 to a rally in Beaver a month ago; John J. Sweeney, the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
The death at its center is that of Gen. Muhammad Zia ul-Haq, president of Pakistan from 1978 to 1988.
His mother works from New Jersey as a medical writer, working on new drug applications for Allergan, the pharmaceutical company in Irvine, Calif. His father is a clinical psychologist with a private practice in Highland Park.
“A lot of advertisers that weren’t going to take a major role in this, they probably decided this was a good time to hold back,” Mr. Basil-Jones said.
“In many ways, Martin was the right guy at the right time.
Advance ticket purchase, $25, is recommended and may be secured online, or by check with a self-addressed, stamped envelope to Beacon Hill Garden Club/2008 Tour, Box 302, Charles Street Station, Boston, Mass.
She noticed Mrs. Obama’s style during the Democratic convention, yet could not find information on what she wore.
Santa Barbara lazes between the Santa Ynez Mountains and the Pacific, 90 miles northwest of Los Angeles.
“People are primates; they learn by touching,” Mr. Bloom said in 1990, just before the Futures Center opened.
But several performers — notably Nancy Zeltsman, the marimba player, and David Starobin, the guitarist — offered commissions in the mid-1990s, planting the seeds of his conversion.
But his real strength, at least for the past 18 months, has been crisis management.
Excluding items, the company earned 83 cents, topping the analysts’ average forecast of 77 cents, according to Reuters Estimates.
But the game could have gone 25 Rg5 Nh3 26 Rg6 hg 27 Qg3 Nf4 28 Be3 Qe8 29 Bf4 ef 30 Qg5, which would have given White better chances.
Once again, I’ll be incorporating G.P.S.
It is in our interests for Afghanistan to be more stable in part because it contributes to the stability of the region, and in particular Pakistan.
Josh Brown, 29, a waiter at the River Cafe who witnessed the rescue, said he had seen people jump off the bridge before.
His mother is a real estate agent in the Dix Hills, N.Y., office of Coldwell Banker.
PAGE A21 SPORTS DRAMATIC VICTORIES FUEL Tampa Bay's Playoff Drive The Tampa Bay Rays arrive in Yankeeland having taken two of three games against the Boston Red Sox in rather dramatic fashion.
“Fear is your biggest enemy right now,” said Marc Cenedella, founder and chief executive of TheLadders, a job site for six-figure workers.
But the battle between state lawmakers and the agents is far from over.
The main causes of newborn death — infections, preterm birth and asphyxiation — are readily treatable with the right expertise and equipment, said Dr. Kristian Olson, principal investigator on the project.
oversight.” These troubles, he said, were “symptomatic of much deeper problems in several key areas of F.A.A.’s oversight.” In addition to the current maintenance crisis, the agency faces severe challenges in hiring employees in large numbers to replace air traffic controllers and safety inspectors; thousands have reached retirement age in the last few years or will soon.
The puck came out of Price’s glove and hit Lupul’s hand before going into the net off Lupul’s skate.
He studied statistics at the University of Florida, then worked as a software consultant in Cleveland, Atlanta, St. Louis and Mexico City before moving to New York in 1995.
(Ben Brantley) ★ ‘AUGUST: OSAGE COUNTY’ Tracy Letts’s turbocharged tragicomedy about an Oklahoma clan in a state of near-apocalyptic meltdown is the most exciting new American play Broadway has seen in years.
The best can do that in about 30 seconds.
Frost’s “Dedication” was stiff and dutiful.
But the core of the art industry has begun to arrive for fairs like Basel days ahead.
We're supposed to shop, to spend our stimulus checks, to carry on as if nothing has happened -- or is happening.
Posted by Chris, June 13 Personally, I LOVE Sundays in Europe.
Regardless of periodic ups and downs, he may simply be managing too much money to continue to produce outsized gains, they say.
Members of Congress should be working now on another round of economic stimulus, consisting of bolstered unemployment compensation and food stamps and aid to states and localities, including money for creating jobs by rebuilding the nation’s infrastructure.
His powder-blue tie perfectly matched her pantsuit, a color-coordination we deeply hope was a coincidence.
But our markets function best when they are highly transparent, when everyone can see exactly which transactions are occurring and what the instruments being traded are worth.
For decades before 2002, the United States had considered several of the methods to be illegal torture.
These same theories predict that the black holes would immediately disintegrate, the authors say.
These include hundreds of independent book retailers (statistically weighted to represent all such outlets); national, regional and local chains; online and multimedia entertainment retailers; university, gift, supermarket, discount, department stores and newsstands.
That lasted until the bottom of the fifth when Utley got to Pelfrey again.
Page A14 NEW PRIME MINISTER SELECTED Japan has tapped an outspoken conservative as its next prime minister.
Down 2-0 after two periods, the Rangers got their first goal from center Lauri Korpikoski early in the third period.
I also remember that here in the States, my father’s heart did not stay sunken for very long after his suitcase was broken — he forged a wonderful life for himself and his family.
He said he believed that police officials had been the bomber’s targets.
Ms. Nance, who had the couple’s first child four months ago, says it is a good Thai restaurant.
The inhabited part is in Maryland; the southern tip is in Virginia.
So, can you really save grocery money by canning?
Running time: 1 hour 15 minutes.
There is nothing in the world comparable to opening the shades in the morning with all of Rome bathed in sunlight at one’s feet.
The next tree to be hoisted upright looked to be the right size.
But for the last two years, Tom has had to commute to a Connecticut boarding school that specializes in treating his disability, returning on weekends to his home in Farmingdale, N.Y. “There’s always this thing inside you that you want to be home,” said Tom, who attended five day schools here on Long Island and tried home schooling before his local school district sent him to the Connecticut school, Devereux Glenholme .
And he promised to reduce or eliminate 151 government programs that he described as “wasteful or bloated,” to save $18 billion.
“The important thing at this stage is a speedy vote on the new nominations so that the commission can go back to work.” Don Stewart, a spokesman for Mr. McConnell, also declined to say whether Mr. McCain or his advisers had discussed the issue with the Republican leadership, saying only that many had been pressing for a resolution to the dispute.
From there, it’s nonstop gawking starting with Museum Mile (Central Park on the right, most museums on the left, including the recently restored facade of the Guggenheim ) and heading past the Plaza Hotel, Fifth Avenue’s department stores and St. Patrick’s Cathedral.
Tanzanian election law even makes it illegal to campaign for office based on ethnic group.
“Top Design” functions as an entertainment, but also as a mechanism for extending the brands of its interior designer judges.
The money will also be used to resolve existing claims by authors and publishers and cover legal fees.
Andi Sporkin, an NPR spokeswoman, declined on Sunday to comment on the status of “Bryant Park Project.” The program’s host, Alison Stewart, who is on maternity leave, said in a telephone interview that she had been informed of the cancellation, which comes after the NPR board’s approval last week of a budget for the fiscal year that begins Oct. 1.
This backtracking inevitably makes one wonder if major reform will ever be possible in a medical marketplace dominated by imperfect government bureaucracies and private lobbyists bent on resisting governmental reforms.
But Razi, 13, still wakes his father up three times a night, afraid to walk alone to the bathroom.
And yet all of us eager to sample such wonders have brought a new restlessness to the people of Ladakh, who now fill Leh’s narrow streets with construction cranes and revving Suzukis, and realize that their future lies in a packaging — or even an abandoning — of their past.
There are moments in people’s lives that it would be lovely to be helped.” So the two women hatched a flexible system of grants for young musicians — “not too young,” Ms. Uchida hastened to add, perhaps 22 to 35 — based on recommendations from established professionals.
When he engages voters in a conversation, he gives the impression, as Gov.
Reception: May 24, 5 to 8 p.m. Thursdays through Mondays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Boltax.Gallery, 21 North Ferry Road.
Together, they cover around 15,000 acres.
1978 Yves and I outside of the Pierre.
But with Kraus blocking Puckett’s path, Rahlves was able to surge into the lead.
If there is any unanimity among voters here, it is that the Bush administration has fueled Youngstown’s downward spiral by somehow encouraging corporate investment overseas.
“This was a call to assess just how risky was this,” said Pete Giangreco, who along with Mr. Axelrod described the conversation.
“Listen, I think that Americans know that Washington is broken, isn’t it?” he asked.
The advocate, Nina E. Olson, the government-appointed watchdog of the I.R.S., said that private debt collection cost the government at least $81 million a year in revenue.
“Firms are hunkering down,” Mr. Bernanke said at the Chicago Fed conference on credit markets.
There needs to be more inquiry and discovery learning and fewer lectures.” The school plans to hold information meetings through the fall, with applications due in January, around the same time as many other high-profile private schools.
She stared at her husband, and for a second it seemed her lower lip trembled.
Despite broad interest in the issue, though, making significant changes at the state level can be difficult, politically and practically, as Connecticut’s recent experience shows.
The results that restrictionists predict are not coming anytime soon.
At the same time, Reuters will begin carrying most of Politico’s work on its news wires.
If you are ready to walk out the door, it is usually a good idea to keep walking, Ms. Plutz said.
“We were ready to play, but we didn’t understand how hard it was, Sunday through Friday, to prepare for a game Saturday,” the senior defensive tackle Pete Tverdov said.
Holm, the high jumper, said that people had been telling him he was too short for the sport since he was 15.
The overall Volt development program is on track, Mr. Lutz said, citing both the powertrain engineering and the vehicle’s design, which are proceeding on parallel fast tracks in isolated facilities at the G.M.
The violence they trigger is harsh and cleansing, a deliverance as much as a judgment.
Other people wore them!’ ” Indulged.
Older adults who regularly volunteer with children burn more calories, experience fewer falls and perform better than peers on memory tests.
When evangelical groups fight those problems, they do so by curtailing rights (usually women’s) and limiting options (usually women’s).
“What we know is American presidents all support Israel,” said Muhammad Ibrahim, 23, a university student who works part time selling watermelons on the street in the southern part of this city.
10 seed, does not play in a high-profile conference, the Wildcats have seen their share of top teams.
Football and war did intersect in the sad tale and sordid aftermath of Pat Tillman’s death .
It competes directly — and fiercely — with A.I.G., which hired a few hundred new employees to rebuild what was lost when Starr decamped.
Candy, snacks, bakery products, pet food and other Chinese products that contain milk will be detained at the border until tests prove that they are not contaminated, the federal government announced Thursday.
Around noon, the officers pulled into a comfortable development in Doral, where a young woman in a red shirt could be seen carrying large garbage bags out of a second-story apartment.
and Pequot along with the Internet arm of Major League Baseball are expected to announce Wednesday, according to The New York Times.
But, he added, the fact that 26 out of 27 nations agreed to resume talks — Lithuania was the only dissenter — was “not bad” as a barometer of European unity.
In 2003, he played the final 10 games of the regular season after sustaining a preseason wrist injury.
There were four of us kids, and these days my sister and my middle brother are born-again Christians, and my youngest brother is a Catholic.
Stephen Wright, who works at the refinery with Captain Da Silva, is concerned about whether there may be unseen problems looming, like the sort of fatigue that ruptured a propane unit in January.
Father Latella, the son of the late Joseph and Elena Latella and brother of Gloria Lafferty, was born in 1927 and attended Regis High School.
Expanded rankings are available on the Web: nytimes.com/books.
Analysts and competing publishers say that Condé Nast under-uses extremely well-known brands that could draw more Web traffic.
In ''Battlestar Galactica: The Phenomenon'' at 10:30, stars including Seth Green, Brad Paisley and Joel McHale discuss the show's impact on pop culture.
On March 23 WNET will begin showing “SundayArts.” An afternoon block of cultural programming with Mr. Shapiro as host, it will start with rebroadcasts of “Live From Lincoln Center” and “Great Performances,” but Mr. Shapiro wants to expand it to include recitals, dance performances and museum and gallery exhibitions.
Prosecutors are also facing budget shortfalls, putting them in similar dire circumstances that will probably result in botched prosecutions.
“We are always seen as outsiders, but we are Congolese,” said Sanvura Birida, who lives with her four children in a camp for displaced people in territory controlled by General Nkunda.
Hours: Mondays and Thursdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m.
STAUM--Celia (Schoem), formerly of Clifton, NJ, October 19, 2008.
Democrats are fielding as many as half a dozen competitive challengers this year.
“They are the ones that need to be informed so they can make a decision on whether they want to do something about it.” The so-called teach-in was just one of a series of May Day events in California, including a work stoppage at several ports and large pro-immigrant demonstrations.
Eager conventioneers and grim-faced slot addicts.
In fulfillment of our obligations the Afghan government has taken strong measures in fighting narcotics and corruption while striving to bring good governance, rule of law and respect for human rights.
They were followed by spinoff stuff from publishers like posters, plaques and press plates of front pages; books; coffee mugs; and reprints of articles.
The law, passed over Richard M. Nixon ’s veto, has essentially been disregarded by presidents ever since.
“If McCain can continue to make this a race about the proven leader you know versus the unproven, self-styled idealist you don’t know, he can win.”
Whatever Metrolink’s initial assertion about the cause of the deadly train crash Friday in Los Angeles, there is still room for a thorough and revealing investigation, safety experts said.
PAGE B4 ALBANY COUNTING ON A CASINO Desperate for revenue, the state is pushing forward plans to develop a casino -- 4,500 video slot machines, but no table games -- at the Aqueduct thoroughbred track in Queens.
— during 2009, and offered the union the opportunity to pick the date next year when the changes, which would be certified by the Labor Department, could be put in place.
Lisa Diana Shapiro, who wrote the book and lyrics, has centered her plot on the recently awakened Sleeping Beauty -- here Princess Elessia -- and her little sister, Ermengarde (the Phooey of the title).
His mother was presented as a near-saint in the movie; in real life, she was difficult and domineering, people who knew her said.
“I don’t know what test that would be.” The campaign, of course, has had to make strategic decisions and cannot play with equal intensity in every state.
And I had a reputation.” He complained to Mack that he had never been interviewed by the police but then declared he would never identify the person who shot him anyway.
“I think the best thing to do is to wear sandals or flip-flops or to just not get your feet wet.
“Blaming landfills is a completely flawed argument, old-fashioned thinking that is really just laziness,” said Eric Lombardi, the director of Ecocycle, the nation’s largest nonprofit recycler, in Boulder, Colo. Mr. Lombardi’s operation claims a 60 percent recycling rate, despite landfill fees of $15 a ton — less than half of Houston’s costs.
You can have them with a green-apple gelée on top or smothered in a sauce of Champagne, potatoes, leeks and glittering orange salmon roe.
World Boxing magazine asked, in a headline in 1994, “Mickey Rourke: Acting Like a Boxer .
The next Kölner-Mannheim match, two nights after the six-OT contest, was tied after regulation as well, but ended after just 14:30 of extra time when Kölner won again, 4-3.
But it also interpolates Berlin standards like “How Deep Is the Ocean?” and “Blue Skies.” As each tune starts, you feel the rush of reunion with something long thought unrecoverable.
DISAPPOINTING Exxon Mobil's first-quarter net income rose 17 percent and was the second-best quarterly profit in its history, but it was less than Wall Street expected, and shares fell.
Even American leaders are taking note.
It mixes music from several ancient Chinese religions with his own style of organic composition, created with natural sounds, wooden blocks, flags snapping in the wind and even the noise of Shaolin warriors cutting the air with their martial-arts sticks.
Two days later, when their cold symptoms were at their worst, the subjects exercised by running on treadmills at moderate and intense levels.
Worldwide, smartphone shipments jumped 60 percent in the last three months of 2007 over the same period the previous year, according to IDC, the tracking firm.
“This is purely politically motivated,” he said.
While the inquiries into the role of offshore funds in the scheme are at an early stage, it is hardly surprising that such funds are coming under scrutiny.
He quit his job, started his own biomedical firm to search for a cure, then sold his company for $130 million in 2001 to a company that later developed a treatment for the disease.
Long after the vote, they were fined little more than a penny per dollar that they invested in violating fair campaign laws.
I have children who are superb, dedicated teachers but who cannot afford to raise their children on their salaries and who are under constant criticism that their students did not score high enough on state tests.
Your amazing wit and intellect goes unsurpassed and you can leave this earth knowing it is a far better place for having felt your human presence.
There are other ways to skip the loan and simply take money out permanently, but I’ll save that more radical raid on the retirement kitty for another column.)
The move marked an unusual step for the venture capital firm in backing Apple’s operating system in the mobile world.
Big blue waves heaved under a bright blue sky for the sixth Mavericks Surf Contest at Pillar Point in Half Moon Bay on Saturday.
But Mr. Mandelson also emphasized that it would be “catastrophic” if China turned its back on the international system.
If done right, the project would eventually produce tax revenues for the city and add another great community to New York.
From the steps of the church a small memorial of flowers and cards was visible outside the building a half-block away at 435 East 79th Street where Dr. Faughey was slashed to death in her office.
Mr. Obama praised the court’s decision as a return to the rule of law, while Mr. McCain excoriated it, saying that it could make the nation less safe, although the Republican candidate’s comments were a reminder of the complexities of his own past positioning on Guantánamo detainees.
Children are slightly more susceptible.
For older Americans, the addition of Medicare drug coverage in 2006 through the Part D program has meant that 90 percent of Medicare-age people now have drug insurance.
The Georgian leadership was methodically preparing for war, while the political and material support provided by their foreign guardians only served to reinforce the perception of their own impunity.
“All the stakeholders are at the table.
The migrants had agreed to pay up to $4,500 each to be smuggled, at least double the going rate by land.
But his fluid, disjointed movement and his distinctive, imaginative sensibility are always worth paying attention to, as is his marvelous group of collaborators, including the composer Amaury Groc and the video artist Philip Bussmann.
Tolls on some of the bridges controlled by the authority were less than $4 at the time, while the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge toll for E-ZPass users was $8.
Rather than treating video-sharing Web sites as traditional news sources, young people use them as tools and act as editors themselves.
With many of its television clients, including the broadcast networks, expressing increasing frustration with delays in reporting ratings for programs, the Nielsen Company sent a letter on Friday to its customers expressing disappointment with its performance and promising to do better — though not for a while.
The administration has suggested a program, akin to Resolution Trust Corporation’s role in the savings and loan crisis, that could help rescue the housing market.
Among other sources, this slim volume reproduces the Gestapo decree concerning the expropriation of the Samuel family’s property and the listing of Marion’s name in the German national archive’s memorial book of murdered German Jews.
Simple as that.” Next was a Yeshiva University student about whom Mr. Deane knew next to nothing.
It took more time than it should have, but on Tuesday Barack Obama firmly rejected the racism and paranoia of his former pastor, the Rev.
Official statistics do not yet show that consumer spending has dropped, but they do suggest that in late 2007, it slowed in areas like automobiles, furniture, building materials and health care, said Mark M. Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Economy.com .
But almost as impressive are the structural details of the building itself.
CNN, in a statement, said its coverage was accurate.
“Here, it’s yours.” Flabbergasted, I took the book and thanked him.
In April, Mr. Obama said Mr. Ayers was “not somebody who I exchanged ideas from on a regular basis” and called him “somebody who engaged in detestable acts 40 years ago, when I was 8 years old.” Tommy Vietor, a spokesman for Mr. Obama, accused Mr. McCain’s campaign of being behind the advertisement, saying Mr. McCain had “dispatched his paid consultant to launch this despicable ad.” Mr. McCain has in the past denounced political attacks by outside groups.
Mr. Cox said after the meeting that the proposal would be subject to further study by the S.E.C.
“They get enough of that in our school.
In the Khyber region, a transit route for NATO fuel convoys bound for Afghanistan from Karachi, Mr. Mehsud’s allies have organized tribal killings.
How would he go about accomplishing it?
Short sellers and their free market supporters say they have done nothing wrong.
Nor is the ZN5 perfect.
Bail was set at $50,000 each for Brandon Piekarsky, 16, and Colin Walsh, 17.
The Times editorial board has endorsed Mrs. Clinton’s candidacy, and we are enthusiastic about her ability to be a great president.
player who would be analyzing the game, and a Syracuse senior, Steve Andress, who would assist Clay Matvick with the play-by-play announcing.
(By that time, most analog sets would be ancient.)
The name reverberated in my memory grooves.
In 2003, there were 40 models available with satellite radio systems.
It would also create certainty for NRG.
“If they are driving a big fancy car and can’t pay me, I’d be mad,” the lawyer said.
I recently visited a hospital in Shaula, a large, working class Shiite neighborhood on the western side of Baghdad, and its director pleaded with me to tell people how strapped he was.
“The thing about Jimmy Breslin, O.K.,” he said, “is he’s a guy when he walked into a lounge on Queens Boulevard none of the wiseguys got uptight.
He played golf at the Wynn on his first two days and probably talked about horses more than players.
According to people with knowledge of the latest discussions, Lehman executives contacted Barclays executives late Monday and asked whether they would be interested in a deal.
One, Joey Langel of Howell, also won the 112-pound championship at the national tournament in Virginia.
Not opening my eyes (useless without glasses), I rolled the bit between my fingertips.
The images are used as design tools and as a means of helping clients appreciate the physical context of their property and understand how they are stewards of the land around them, even outside their own yards.
“It’s all down to estimates, and people were frightened,” said James Roundell, a London dealer.
Such a government requires a prosperous economy, a secure society and sufficient cultural unity to allow everyday interaction among different ethnic groups in workplaces, schools, hospitals, the army and the police.
Opened in 2000 on the site of the mothballed 1980 Olympic track, it is a mile-long half-pipe with 20 turns and a vertical drop of 40 stories.
Mr. Drake, who speaks in full paragraphs and wears sharply tailored clothes -- on a recent morning, he was wasp-waisted in a houndstooth check jacket by Victor & Rolf -- will be giving about 50 gifts this month.
Over the years, as fewer and fewer Americans smoked, the number of clusters declined but the clusters that remained stayed the same size, which meant that smokers were not stopping smoking one by one.
“I was smoking my cigarette, breaking out in a sweat.
If a voucher system were in place, many more schools like the SEED public boarding schools in Washington and Baltimore would open to accommodate new students who want to enroll.
Great!” No, they’re talking about a revote primary where people would mail in their ballots.
“All dealers are suffering,” Mr. Harrell said.
That didn’t have to be a bad thing; estrangement and obsession have spawned great songs.
During a typical mass extinction, more than 65 percent of species may disappear.
“Not even.” The mere mention of frozen food leaves Mohammed Uddin cold.
So why bother with galleries at all?
The Jets have lost twice on visits to the West Coast (San Diego and, of all places, Oakland), so no matter how bad the 49ers and the Seahawks are, nothing is guaranteed.
Teams at that level are allowed to give athletic scholarships, according to N.C.A.A.
They spurned it anyway, leaving the M.T.A.
But the latest police force to put out recruitment feelers — promising better pay, a signing bonus and a squad car for personal use — is perhaps the most remote.
In Iraq, I had seen single buildings — a mosque, a hotel, an army outpost — flattened by car bombs or missiles.
“I wanted to invest in my own place,” he said, “instead of paying for someone else’s building.” About 18 months ago, he began investigating four areas of Manhattan: SoHo, the neighborhoods near Central Park, Battery Park City and Union Square.
In our calculations, we included only policies we deemed directly relevant to science, technology and innovation issues.
“Do you think we undershot that?” “A little bit.” Mr. Sweeney already knew that.
“I want you to prove to the world that we’re not in a slowdown economy,” he pleaded with his audience, the parents of Public School 41 in Greenwich Village.
Bob was a renaissance man who loved Asian culture, fine art, music, books and nature.
This attitude is logically indefensible insofar as Mormonism is being compared with other world religions.
I was ordering when it hit.
As the rabbi gave a long and complicated answer, Mr. Silverman tapped absently on his desk, a space crowded with scientific journals and a brightly colored plastic model of the human brain.
I welcome your thoughts, pro or con, on these nudges, as well as any nudges you’d like to propose — including improvements on that glowing carbon footprint.
The “Dreamgirls” tour, to be directed and choreographed by Bobby Longbottom with co-choreography by Shane Sparks , will begin performances at the Apollo Theater in November 2009 as part of the theater’s 75th anniversary.
BERNSTEIN ‘MASS’ PROJECT As part of a citywide celebration of Leonard Bernstein’s 90th birthday, Marin Alsop, the music director of the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra, conducted it in “Mass,” Bernstein’s stylistically eclectic musical theater work, at Carnegie Hall on a Friday night in late October.
At 10 p.m., Drom, 85 Avenue A, between Fifth and Sixth Streets, East Village, (212) 777-1157, dromnyc.com ; $20.
SPORTS, PAGE 11 WEEK IN REVIEW LENO & ORDER With the news that Jay Leno will be heading to prime time in the 10 o'clock slot on NBC, Charles McGrath looks at how his show might change -- and hopes the move does not signal the beginning of the end of the serious hourlong dramatic show.
Mr. Fisk, 62, may not be the most prolific designer — he has worked on fewer than 20 features and even gave up the trade in the ’80s to focus on directing — but he is one of the most fascinating unsung figures in American movies.
Rituxan works by depleting B cells — blood cells involved in forming antibodies, proteins that attack invading pathogens.
Bobby Abreu struck out looking and Alex Rodriguez did the same, and by the time the Yankees came to bat again, they were down by five runs.
We were the home-front kids of World War II, too young to go off to fight with the greatest and too old to become fussed-over boomers.
Historians will debate Mr. Cheney for decades.
But that was not a boycott, he said.
All across Juneau other residents apparently were making similar choices, according to electric company officials who saw a small but immediate drop in consumption despite chilly temperatures and an unseasonable foot of snow.
The weapon discharged, killing the brother with a bullet to the face.
“We’ve reached a point in our society where it seems there’s no such thing as bad publicity,” he added.
So what would happen when a 6-foot, 30-year-old sportswriter who is used to playing in a beer league hopped in for a workout?
Say what you like: Neither the Mall of America nor the West Edmonton Mall nor any other mall you can think of can boast of a 19th-century cemetery filled with African-American war heroes right in the middle.
Mr. Obama has had a notable medical problem: a difficulty in stopping smoking .
Pre-election polls showed that Coloradans supported the ban by a wide margin.
All of the molecules that hang onto DNA, collectively known as epigenetic marks, are essential for cells to take their final form in the body.
Ms. Griffin is funny, but the piece was off-kilter and weird, an awards show version of “If I Did It.” It didn’t help that former football star Tiki Barber, who recently became a “Today” show contributor, sat at the “Football Night in America” sports desk, pretending to discuss the nominated films with two other commentators as if they were teams in a Super Bowl.
Promising that all posts will be anonymous, it allows students to participate in a collegiate version of celebrity gossip sites like TMZ.com and PerezHilton.com ; it is a dorm bathroom wall writ large, one that anyone with Internet access can read from and post to.
All presented by the Hudson Valley Shakespeare Festival.
“The most climactic part of our campaign will be during the Games themselves,” says Tenzin Dorjee, the deputy director of a group called Students for a Free Tibet, which claims 650 student chapters around the world.
“Either you feel like you need to sever ties with me — split ties with me — but don’t sit here and throw me out like I don’t pay attention, like I don’t know what’s going on, like I’m making mistakes, like I’m the problem,” Portis said.
You can’t really explain it.” In this race, Bolt wanted to show what he could do when he is serious.
Ms. Askey said, “It’s cool to be able to do that and not have people say, ‘What are you doing?’ ”
One continued to struggle, and the other suffered a few setbacks but ultimately improved on its greatest strengths by focusing primarily on what it did best.
“From the kids’ point of view, it’s like they’re being punished,” said their aunt, Mia Johnson.
It is a maddeningly inexact field.
“Bajaur is a litmus test,” said one military official, who like several other security and military officials interviewed asked not to be identified because of the political nature of his remarks.
“But you sometimes see people who feel they have little to lose make a contrarian move; they may feel they’re going to lose the client anyway,” and so bet against the crowd.
He likes to bunt for hits, loves to steal bases and adores chasing fly balls.
On Friday, Apple’s new iPhone went on sale (for a mere $199; how does that make you early adopters feel who stood in line last year for the privilege of plunking down three times that amount?
And when Mr. Fayette’s words are repeated to four elders in the native village of Akiachak, a short flight from here, the men nod in sad agreement.
And what’s the effect if rendered almost entirely in black materials, synthetic and natural?
The revised projection would be a whopping 60 percent jump in profit.
And without him, the Giants would not go anywhere.
“Designers are like flowers,” observes Paola Antonelli, the senior curator of architecture and design at MoMA.
Ford, which is desperate to re-establish itself with consumers who defected to Asian and European nameplates, hopes the same urge that makes commuters gawk at freeway smash-ups will kick in among those wandering the floor of the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, where the show opens on Friday.
She used the bonus she recently received when retiring from her job as an administrative assistant to sign up for 28 classes, including knife skills and basic stocks and sauces, at Classic Thyme.
Mr. Oshima swerved between extremes, reshaping familiar genres (family epics, youth films) and inventing new ones (freely mixing modes like documentary realism and avant-garde surrealism), always searching for radical forms to match radical content.
official was involved in any misconduct.” It added that the union and Mr. Balanoff were cooperating with federal investigators.
The woman was treated for minor injuries, Officer Rivera said.
Skim the fat off the surface.
Roslyn Vanderbilt Princeton, N.J., March 7, 2008 The writer is a reading specialist.
On Wednesday, the bank issued a report saying the economy was slowing, after a leading business-sentiment indicator hit a four-year low last week.
Dr. Laughren of the F.D.A.
But she and other Jewish neighbors later justified the burning of the nearby Arab house.
To individuals, for wholesome reasons.
Is he heading somewhere or just escaping?
She was very fussy about where she got her stuff, because she knew who had the best.
Our heartfelt sympathy is extended to his entire family.
Many are “black box” electronic machines that do not produce paper records, so voters have to accept the results they report on faith.
Broiled wild Alaskan coho salmon was full-flavored, and nicely rare at the center.
The Patriots had endured suspensions, scandal and the mounting pressure of their own magnificence, but even in their closest calls during an undefeated season, they had never looked quite so lifeless with the ball, and Tom Brady had never seemed quite so befuddled.
That platform has, at the very least, been decidedly reduced, illustrated by the migration of big-name television news correspondents from St. Paul to New Orleans .
It’s a struggle just to stay there.
That assertion — that the bill was a legislative freebee — came from Jonathan Schwartz, a veteran actuary well known in Albany.
(According to The New York Times, the house carries one of the biggest tax bills of any single-family home in Manhattan.)
General Manager Bryan Murray, who coached the Senators the previous three seasons, will replace him.
Mr. Rodríguez asked four questions and got one correct answer.
He said poor weather conditions made very good teams look average and gave average teams a chance to “stay average” and still win.
I ran to the now closed Tower Records on Broadway to buy the CD, which ushered in a long Van Morrison period in my life.
Harangody, worried about how the team’s upperclassmen would view him, tried to talk Brey out of it.
Nicole Garcia, a spokeswoman for the Transportation Department, said, “Safety is our top priority as we build on the safety enhancements we’ve made along Queens Boulevard and throughout the city, which have led to a dramatic decrease in accidents.” As for a bike lane on the boulevard, Ms. Garcia said, there are no current plans for one.
Which types of jobs have the best outlook next year, and which jobs are at the most risk?
Yes, in Fraser’s Britain, petty thieves have a manual.
“You’ve just got to do things different than you did them years ago.”
At a warehouse investigators had rented in Brooklyn, he bought unstamped cigarettes from and sold fake tax stamps to the investigators, officials said.
Mr. Morris’s outfitter, Chiang Mai Rock Climbing Adventures (55/3 Ratchapkhinai Road; 66-53-207-102; www.thailandclimbing.com ) offers introductory courses starting at 1,800 baht per person.
“You just don’t walk away, you know?” In August, a freakish tornado that tore through Bay Ridge had damaged the Lowen’s sign, and only about a week or two ago Ms. Banach saw Mr. Rossi outside his pharmacy, supervising the installation of a new one.
He has no presence here.” Still, the youth vote has an uncertain mojo.
“Our systems are different, but people in both countries are united in their aspirations for a better future,” Mr. Singh said during a morning speech at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.
You’ll see it swirls around and bubbles, cooking fast in some spots, pooling oil in others.
It is the first major assessment of the effects of the human papillomavirus in the region.
(His slow, habanera-rhythm song “Big Brother,” which he played in the second set, appears on the soundtrack of the recent Woody Allen film “Vicky Cristina Barcelona.”) Gypsy swing, gallant and charging, always leaning on a strong melody, doesn’t need any explanation.
Employ your immaturity at the New Millennium Paper Airplane Contest, a competition designed for New York City class clowns.
The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index, the broadest measure of the American stock market, closed down 1.8 percent, its worst day since April 11.
It comes as Afghan and Western officials have noted with alarm both the weakness of the government of President Hamid Karzai and the growing strength of Pakistani militants in the tribal areas bordering Afghanistan.
If the board of estimate votes to disburse the funds on Sept. 8, the matter will then go before the Representative Town Meeting on Sept. 15, said Mr. Simon.
His proposal of a Grand Strategy to achieve this, which is to say a generation-long effort of a scale and intensity similar to America’s engagement with Europe after World War II, is challenging but not irrational, given the world’s growing dependency on Middle Eastern oil.
He will be allowed to keep the victory and a purse of $425,675, but should Edwards qualify for the season-ending championship Chase, he would not receive 10 bonus points for winning Sunday’s race.
“Frankly, New Jersey has a government its people cannot afford,” a somber Governor Corzine told a stone-silent group of legislators, lobbyists and local officials in his annual budget address.
He is Dr. Anders Rane, not Rhane.
In the boy’s section, Teen Slob and Basquiat-brut are juxtaposed with Sir Harry Potter -style Olde British heraldry and a brazen affection for taxidermy, ersatz French court furniture and paintings of hounds, all whimsically defaced into what one imagines Prince Harry’s dorm room looked like after a rough Pimm’s No.
Few, though, have properly cataloged all the beer sold in the city’s bars.
By the time the Democratic nominating process was over, as Mr. Plouffe said at the time, the Obama campaign had had a presence in almost every state.
“I was so popular, my God,” she said, looking up at the wall.
Not as Barack Obama’s army or John McCain’s army.
Good conducting is not easy, requiring a confidence and command that moves not with the music but ahead of it.
The fact that they are positive toward Joel is a blessing.” Mr. Rodriguez, 35, said he could recall only a single incident of overt prejudice, but it has stayed with him.
Western diplomats have said there was such widespread cheating on both sides that it is impossible to tell who really won the vote in December.
Rivera traveled with the team to Texas and was scheduled to be re-evaluated Monday.
The changes are minimal and mostly cosmetic.
Bombardier began work on the C-series in 2004, but scrapped the original design in 2006 when it became clear that airlines would require better performance.
This medical session is attended by the news media and seems to be held more for the photo opportunities than for medical reasons.
But in recent years, a demand has developed for them as appreciation of their aesthetic qualities and sociological value has grown.
Recent rumors that this engine could power a special green edition of the next Corvette may not be exaggerated.
Ms. Vasquez said that she had asked her companion to check on her daughter about an hour earlier and that he noticed she was unresponsive, according to the police.
Teachers at the academy, a private prep school, grew so exasperated with his antics that they finally voted to expel him.
“Swingtown” ended with its most devoted swinging couple in bed, alone, reading Dr. Spock.
And I’m not referring to whether the four teams staying in Boston will get stuck in traffic Saturday on their way to the N.C.A.A.
... Jeter’s double in the third moved him past Joe DiMaggio into sole possession of fifth place on the Yankees’ career list, with 390.
He is survived by his loving wife of 54 years, Jeanette, two children, Allan H. Cummings (Terri J. Cummings) and Gail Cummings Levan (Richard A. Levan), and three grandsons, Ryan J. Levan, Andrew M. Levan and Ian A. Cummings.
In 1935, his father recalled him to Louisville to work at the company because Dinwiddie Sr. was very ill.
After the Huskies routed Texas, 89-55, Tuesday night in the second round in Bridgeport, Conn., Auriemma told how he was addressing the problems.
“I think I was more nervous today than I was before we played” Colgate, Carr said.
To be sure, Mr. Bonderman, who hired the Rolling Stones to celebrate his 60th birthday at the Bellagio hotel in Las Vegas six years ago, is still a multibillionaire.
Last, it is vital that the next president not send a signal that he hopes to establish an enduring Korea-style presence in Iraq.
CUBS 8, PIRATES 5 Reed Johnson and Alfonso Soriano hit consecutive home runs in the eighth inning, and host Chicago beat Pittsburgh after blowing a three-run lead.
A “Citi Never Sleeps” campaign began being shown in heavy rotation Sunday.
(Its mid-’90s CDs of the Beethoven symphonies are considered a landmark.)
The deal would help boost Taiwan's economy, which has not kept pace with others in the region.
And I suppose everyone would be wondering, me included, how many European scouts will be at the games.
“It felt like an iron rod slamming against another piece of metal; this loud pang reverberated through my entire body.
Skeet Reese, the 2007 Angler of the Year, was 12th with 39 pounds.
If I go to practice at home, I don’t get a court really.
But those nadirs do not come near to matching journalism’s apexes and do not justify eschewing the system, as some have suggested.
“I could beat him up, but he could take me in a game now,” Steve Jr. said, laughing.
The city also shut an adjoining four-story factory building, which had been converted to a Hasidic school and catering service.
We walked on, to Starbucks .
Bear Stearns also announced in its most recent filing that the Securities and Exchange Commission was considering a civil injunctive action or an administrative hearing regarding the company’s bidding process with municipal securities.
TERESON DUPUY thinks reusable diapers are having their back-to-the-future moment.
arranged for Pistorius to travel to Cologne, Germany, where he was tested for two days under the supervision of Peter Brueggemann, a professor at the German Sport University.
RED WINGS 4, BLACKHAWKS 0 Ty Conklin made 36 saves and Johan Franzen scored twice for host Detroit, ending Chicago’s team-record nine-game winning streak.
They had moving moments, but there was an insistent vagueness about the poems: just when you would expect them to arrive someplace, they often seemed to stumble, tripping (deliberately?)
The economy already appears to be in its worst recession in a generation.
Under the monitor he appointed, the school reformed many of its bookkeeping procedures and ended its practice of awarding no-bid contracts.
Jason Jennings (0-2) became only the second Texas native to start a Rangers home opener, joining Nolan Ryan, the team’s new president.
PAGE D6 A TOP PROSPECT KEPT OFF THE FIELD Pedro Alvarez, the son of a New York City livery cab driver, was picked second over all by the Pittsburgh Pirates in Major League Baseball's draft in June after three standout seasons playing third base for Vanderbilt.
But a big part of the show’s appeal is that no matter how imperfect your life may be, it’s a paradise compared with what these characters wake up to every morning.
In Congress, Democratic leaders are drawing up a huge new fiscal stimulus plan that could total more than $500 billion.
“I saw plenty of parents just walk out of the gym because of some of the things I’d done to their sons, like crossovers and stuff like that,” says Seimone Augustus, the No.
Some supporters worry, however, that the visit to Hawaii will cost him precious time on the campaign trail.
His eyes are wide open.
They remained in an embrace, letting the moment sink in.
EAST ISLIP Heckscher State Park The New York Philharmonic performs works by Mozart, Bach and Elgar.
All I had to do was make my way though the piles of slush and disemboweled umbrellas to pick it up.
By phone from London, Flood said: “In some respects it’s a much more human record than their previous albums, because there are flaws, things that could have been done better.
Admiral Cosgriff said that, in the past, relations with the regular Iranian Navy had been courteous and professional, and that many interactions at sea with the Revolutionary Guards vessels have been normal.
There is a marina with storage on site.
For some of J.F.K.’s best and brightest, Halberstam wrote, wisdom came “ after Vietnam.” We have to hope that wisdom is coming to Summers and Geithner as they struggle with our financial Tet.
He left before I could even ask how many toes he had fixed or what his success rate was.
Third place, with $19 million, went to “The Spiderwick Chronicles” (Paramount and Nickelodeon), about a family in a spooky old house.
But many economists say the net effect of the law was clearly to inflate the real estate market.
As before, much of the money came from wealthy interests hoping to buy favorable court rulings.
The terms “low” and “high,” in characterizing notes, have spatial implications, as do “deep” and “soaring”; that’s not lost on the minds behind the Visualizer.
And certain areas in accounting and finance are still thriving.
Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. and the House speaker, Nancy Pelosi, announced Sunday afternoon they had agreed on terms of a bailout .
She began to ponder what it would be like if the devices could be smaller and not so heavy to carry around, she said.
It had windows on the front, right, but none on the rear or on the sides.
Around 100 films in three theaters, including the following: “Stone of Destiny,” directed by Charles Martin Smith, about an attempt to return the Stone of Scone from Westminster Abbey to Scotland.
In the first entry in her occasional diary, the goalie of the U.S. women's water polo team writes about what it is like to play a sport that few people understand.
She was 87 and the wife for fifty-three years of Frederick S. Waterbury who died in 1996.
“Let’s make sure this law makes people in the state of Connecticut safer.” Earlier this month, the legislature’s Judiciary Committee killed a tougher three-strikes-and-you’re-out bill that would have allowed prosecutors to seek a mandatory minimum sentence of life without parole for someone convicted of three violent crimes.
Dr. Oliva lives in Astoria, Queens, with his wife, whom he met when she was a patient at a Gramercy Park dental office where he once worked as a lab technician.
He also played with Pedro Martínez during Boston’s World Series championship run in 2004.
With so much riding on the outcome of the political maneuvering this week, investors were wary of putting money into financial companies before having a more clear sense of the outcome.
“What I must say is — and I’m not just saying this because he’s dead — he was a pre-eminent bibliographer and a superlative editor of Shaw’s letters,” he said.
How would you like it prepared?
After consulting a citizens group, the institute decided that the nation should spend the same amount saving or improving the life of a 75-year-old smoker as it would a 5-year-old.
“Are there bad guys in front of me?
But the raids “do not serve as a deterrent,” he said, adding, “They simply create fear and uncertainty in our communities.” Bishop John Wester of Salt Lake City said the pope was “not going to get into the specific points that our country has to hash out.” Bishop Wester, who is chairman of the Committee on Migration of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, said the pontiff had told the bishops “very clearly that we need to attend to the basic human rights immigrants have.” Bishop Wester also criticized the immigration raids, which took place at plants in five states belonging to Pilgrim’s Pride, a major poultry processing company.
The price was $4.9 million and the closing was last Wednesday.
Giese compounded the problem by pitching out twice to try to keep him at first, and then watching him steal second anyway.
THE RUMOR MILL CHURNS Banking authorities in Britain moved to calm investors' fears and squelch rumors that had sent financial stocks plummeting.
As a frontman, he is uncommonly precious, though it’s an apt match for the Vampire Weekend sound, which has an air of patrician calm suffusing tautly constructed songs about relationships playing out in dorm rooms and the frustrating emptiness of life after college.
How do these barely moving figures, upside down in improbably angled positions against a chain-link fence, manage to suggest life, death, decay, evolution, the bodies piled in Holocaust photographs, the fetus in the womb?
Kansas City strip (20 ounces, $44, 28 days), also served on the bone, was not as good — its aged character less pronounced, its texture chewy and a bit grainy.
19 Oklahoma State beat visiting McNeese State, 89-56.
The logistical problems of being on the edge of ground zero, a construction zone, become apparent.
“It actually helps you to understand what’s going on around you,” she said, “instead of walking around blind.”
Actually, we are back below Square 1 and it seems very disappointing.” After learning of the cuts, Randi Weingarten, the president of the United Federation of Teachers, said in a statement that “it is imperative that we immunize kids through these tough times and keep cuts away from the classroom.” Advocates fear that the spending reductions could undo the progress made by agencies like the Administration for Children’s Services , which more than doubled the number of caseworkers assigned to child protective services since 2005.
Mr. Obama said he did not because he did not think it was fair for someone as well-off as himself to pay the same tax rate as a waitress.
There are two technologies for solid-state lighting: light-emitting diodes, or L.E.D.’s, and organic light-emitting diodes, commonly called OLEDs (pronounced OH-leds).
''I'd like to have one.''
Bend the rules just a little and you can add Cupid’s dart, Catanache caerulea, which has sky-blue flowers, and tall pink kiss-me-over-the-garden-gate, Polygonum orientale.
He met Ms. Newman in law school at the University of Southern California Law Center.
Theater Three, 412 Main Street.
Samantha dropped out of Columbia University because of the financial problems.
Net income in the fourth quarter rose to $690 million, or 75 cents a share, compared with $658 million, or 64 cents a share, in the period a year ago.
When officers arrived, Mr. Brener and Ms. Suwal said they had argued but had never struck each other, according to a police report.
Several prominent exile groups like the Tibetan Youth Congress already advocate independence.
That will leave employers with a pool of older, less healthy workers to cover.
But most Americans want this change desperately.
What do I have to do right now, in the next five minutes?
Imogen comes into being when Thea shacks up with Martin, a musician/roadie who has appeared out of the “sort of alternative circle” in which Thea has begun to move.
The guitar solo, which came first, was neatly episodic.
(Scott) 'MAN ON WIRE' (PG-13, 1:34) Philippe Petit's 1974 tightrope walk between the towers of the World Trade Center might have seemed, at the time, like a crazy stunt, but James Marsh's beautiful documentary understands it as a work of art.
For all the exotica, the gymnastics and the beach volleyball and the weight lifting , there is nothing like a hard-core team sport reappearing at the regular time of year, with all the glorious pomp and circumstance, like college football with its hordes of recruiters and coaches and so-called student-athletes, and angry alums ready to fly into a rage over a single season-ruining defeat.
The duds come later, when copycats jump on the bandwagon.
But NATO nations have had to carry out their mission short of combat troops and trainers.
Today he describes himself as an American of Lebanese origin, at home in three different places — none of which happen to be the place his wife and children have taken to the most: Tokyo.
It never occurred to me to ask.
Devoted and beloved father/ father-in-law of David Schiller and Christy Desmet, and Janet and Sanford Gold.
Iwo veritas: no man is God.
MIRANSHAH, Pakistan (Reuters) — A remotely piloted United States aircraft was suspected of firing a missile into a Pakistani village early on Thursday, killing four tribesmen, residents said.
Mr. Kring said he was so confident that the new volume would restart the series successfully that he didn’t even feel the need to elaborately recap what has gone before.
Russell and the late Genevieve Russell.
In the process, he explores the world of wine counterfeiters, who are ever more skilled thanks to modern technology.
From 1985 to 1992, he was a senior lawyer at the Natural Resources Defense Council, an environmental group.
Backed by riot squads, scores of police officers detained 10 of an estimated 15 demonstrators, taking them to Greece’s national police headquarters minutes after the ceremony began.
That could include cuts to train and bus service, Mr. Dellaverson said.
He said Unum intended to appeal the part of the verdict that had found fraud.
threat is these magnetic I.E.D.’s,” he said.
''The practice may not be common,'' said Arthur D. Travis, the building inspector in Pound Ridge, ''but it is allowed in our code.
But in an era when most new classical pieces — following the model introduced by Balanchine in the first half of the 20th century — have neither story, sets nor elaborate costumes, ballet choreographers seem increasingly drawn to using light as a kind of alternative scenery.
NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY, Humanities and Social Sciences Research Library.
I refer to the power of the first-person point of view in storytelling.
That seems quite possible, given the screenplay’s furious imaginings, which include an interesting kind of television that requires no cameras (but has an inconvenient, floor-level circular screen) and “radium bombs” posed to destroy the entire planet.
Eureka — a perfect Wacky!’ ” This is a colorful collection of all the Wacky Packs from 1973 and 1974 — including a few that might be somewhat offensive today — and it also includes a pack of “new” (but not, from the standpoint of puns, improved) bonus stickers.
The soldiers bayoneted him, gouged out his right eye and disemboweled him.
Ford’s chief executive, Alan R. Mulally, said the industry needed help soon from the government.
At the end of their set, the tireless Black Thought rocketed into a version of an old hip-hop song: “Men at Work” by Kool G. Rap and D.J.
Jimmy Rollins and Pat Burrell homered for Philadelphia, which was bidding for its first five-game lead since June 6, 2001.
only when you’re learning something — how cruel people can be, how complex the body is or how you could intervene to improve the world.
As such, the MKS offers a well-defined alternative to Euro-style sport sedans.
The state’s attorney general, Jon Bruning, said he would “move to the legislative process to get a new method of execution.” Working on a clean slate, Nebraska may opt for a form of lethal injection that does not rely on the combination of three chemicals that is the subject of a pending challenge in the United States Supreme Court.
Enter Angie Ostrowiski (Ms. Poehler).
But I didn’t linger; I was determined to make it to the lodge by dusk, when the bounteous wildlife comes out in full force and, as the guy at the rental desk stressed, my car insurance would become void until dawn.
One morning, Mr. Alhaj awoke in his family’s home to hear his niece singing a famous Iraqi love song.
To paraphrase Mr. Carell, if you don’t know a Maxwell Smart, then you probably are Maxwell Smart.
She is the author of four books of poetry, including “May Day” (Penguin, 2008), and the editor of “The Penguin Book of the Sonnet” (Penguin, 2001).
“I wrecked it,” he added quickly about the fate of the Firebird.
Five Yahoo directors, including Jerry Yang , the chief executive, were re-elected to the board with much higher protest votes than previously reported, indicating strong shareholder dissatisfaction with the company’s performance and its failed merger negotiations with Microsoft.
The state’s victory involved a revenue-sharing plan that Entergy wanted to end, but that it will keep following negotiations with the State Power Authority.
But Ms. Stafford’s callow dancing has none of the depth, the chiaroscuro, the grandeur that her choreography requires, and both Ms. Fairchild and Ms. Peck — very different dancers in other roles — tend here to show the same lightweight perkiness.
“Everything is lists,” said Mr. Cedar, 39.
I didn’t know what to expect at a photo shoot.
But despite all the holes in the plot, the truth of the characters — and the intensity of their pain — is as unbearably real as it gets.
A weaver and sometime actor who turned to poetry only in middle age, McGonagall was frequently mocked and pelted with groceries when he read his work aloud in his native Dundee.
Judging from the derisive honking around me, my fellow patrons at the drive-in had an overwhelmingly different response.
There also have been reports that the banks backing the buyout, such as Citigroup , Deutsche Bank and Royal Bank of Scotland , were attempting to renegotiate the financing terms.
This Hellenistic dualism had earlier reached its apogee in Gnosticism, which almost always taught the incompatibility of spirit and matter and sought salvation in the shucking off of the material body.
His mother is the assistant principal at Transit Middle School in Williamsville, N.Y. His father manages the Buffalo flour mill warehouse for Archer Daniels Midland.
And he spent two years in Tokyo in the early 1990s, where he studied Japan’s economy, later urging Mr. Rubin to assist in lifting that country out of its long financial malaise.
I wouldn’t dress anybody I knew in silver.” Colledge was second in the compulsories, slightly behind Henie, who was so unnerved by the challenge that she ripped down a judges’ scoring sheet posted on a wall.
Sarah Palin of Alaska to the ticket.
The Sylmar fire was about 30 percent contained, firefighters said, but any gains meant little to the hundreds of families of the Oakridge park.
But that may take some time.
The raffle was a success: San Mar made a $214,000 profit beyond the price of the farmhouse and associated other costs, like advertising.
Weir’s 67 let him reclaim the lead he held after opening with a 61.
SINCE opening in the late 1980s, the Knitting Factory in Lower Manhattan has served as a crucible for the cutting edge in the worlds of rock, jazz -- and style.
But the biggest instrument of change in Cotchery the last 12 months remains the smallest person in his life.
Five were taken to Hackensack University Medical Center, a hospital spokeswoman said.
But the emissions cap was based on overestimates of carbon dioxide output, which has dropped sharply from 2005 to 2006 and is on a lower trajectory than anticipated.
But a television correspondent from “Extra” popped the question directly to Mrs. Clinton on-air when interviewing her recently.
''We need to properly explore earth's biodiversity if we are to understand, preserve and manage it.''
At an event on St. Patrick’s Day in Scranton, Mr. Obama gave a shout-out to “my wonderful friend” Margie Casey McGrath, who is Mr. Casey’s sister and runs a big printing company, Universal Printing, in Scranton.
Selma Kaplan not only succeeded in the maledominated yellow medallion taxicab industry but she lent our industry elegance, charm and a respect for all people.
Jussara Lee, owner of a boutique by the same name in Manhattan’s meatpacking district, commissioned an installation on several blocks in that neighborhood for this week.
Glynne was a tireless RNH supporter, and a gentle and generous friend.
A year ago, Chamberlain soared from Class A starter to setup man to cult hero.
“You’re asking for trouble.” For kite surfers, online weather forecasts are crucial.
Pockets of the state have suffered from chronic unemployment and low wages since many factories and steel mills closed, and many people fault free trade agreements.
Asian women were five times more likely to attempt suicide than white women.
Mr. Obama is not scheduled to attend, as he and six other Democratic contenders did last year.
Federal regulators have subpoenaed recent trading records from several Nymex traders as part of a widening investigation into the sharp rise in oil prices on Monday.
But the weekly sessions at a California extension university taught by a washed-up novelist named Amy Gallup offer more practical instruction than scorn.
He explained how to make dry ice, which Mr. Jones uses to make volcanically foaming liquids.
“Chess I can play competitively until I am 40,” Mr. Kamsky said.
Carolina fell out of first place in the Southeast Division.
''Everyone's going to need medical care, right?''
The bad news is that the Bush administration fought the idea of a withdrawal for so long that it hasn’t done anything more than set a notional date.
But this tranquil square features what is said to be the oldest tree in Paris — a false acacia brought to France from Virginia in 1601, and now shored up with concrete posts.
“Our principal objective is to help our compatriots.” Still, Mr. Solchaga said that his office worked collaboratively with hospitals and oversaw 80 medical repatriations from Phoenix to Mexico in 2007.
“No coach is perfect,” Van Gundy said.
While water polo is not likely to put folks in a weeklong trance like Phelps, the American performances here have created a bit of buzz.
Ahmed said that one of the vehicles drove onto a sidewalk, hitting several children and slamming one child against a telephone pole, killing him.
More than 1,000 properties are clearly in trouble, he said.
“Years later, someone put a hot dog on it.” Tommy’s Italian Sausage and Hot Dogs, 900 Second Avenue, Elizabeth; (908) 351-9831.
At the Wyckoff house, Angela Vona, a retired director of a language school who has visited about a dozen of the historic trust’s homes, said she loved old houses.
“The Security Council has been too shy in responding to Sudan’s refusal to comply with regards to Darfur,” said Bruno Stagno Ugarte, Costa Rica’s foreign minister.
There’s nothing wrong,’ and stop taking his medications.” At one point, the family invoked Kendra’s Law, passed by the State Legislature after a young woman, Kendra Webdale, was pushed to her death on the subway tracks in 1999 by a man who had stopped taking his antipsychotic medication.
The Pritzker Prize-winning architecture firm Herzog & de Meuron has released plans for the residential tower at 56 Leonard Street in TriBeCa, a 57-story condominium building, above, with 145 residences.
Hoffman, baseball’s career leader with 526 saves, also picked up the loss Tuesday when he blew a save against the Houston Astros.
Presented by Danspace Project , “Clandestino” unfolds in a white, roofless tent inside St. Mark’s Church — a holding pen of sorts.
The Thrashers have lost five straight at home and have only two victories in their last 11 games.
(Actually, she wanted to call it Hot Voodoo, after the Marlene Dietrich song, but the other women shot it down.)
Bond said, “the Transportation Department scooped up all the transit money that was going to vital but small projects and put it into five cities, instead of meeting needs throughout the country.” The Senate majority leader, Harry Reid, Democrat of Nevada, said he opposed a moratorium.
Arthur Santora, Merck’s executive director for clinical research, noted that the fracture accounted for only about 5 or 6 percent of all broken hips, while drugs like Fosamax reduced the risk for the other 95 percent.
But when things turned agitated, as in the outburst of pummeling 16th-note piano chords in a furious F minor episode, Mr. Andsnes played with uncanny clarity and nimble articulation.
Negative ads that melt all degrees of separation seem like an innovation that began with the Willie Hortonization of Michael S. Dukakis in 1988.
In the past, if you elected to buy the tank of gas in advance, we charged a 10- to 20-cent premium on that tank.
After his first year in office, Democrats burned by his political strategy of polarization were disinclined to work with him on shared goals.
The unions bear plenty of responsibility in the three stories he tells.
Memorial services at a later date in New York City.
An hour later, he was touring a house in Mendham, then he was on to another in Long Hill.
“This kid is focused, he’s determined.
She had three main criteria: safety, an apartment in move-in condition and a parking space (she commutes to the suburbs).
(Scott) * 'THE DUCHESS OF LANGEAIS' (No rating, 2:17, in French) Based on Balzac's 1834 short novel and set against the French Restoration, Jacques Rivette's nearly impeccable interpretation traces how a passionate affair of the heart (Jeanne Balibar and Guillaume Depardieu play the lovers) curdles into cruelty and obsession.
There is Ernani himself, deposed noble turned famous bandit.
“Beer is pretty much food,” he said.
She thought about him every day, my husband said, and became inconsolably weepy when she saw his online photos.
Tickets, $15, at 5730 Ward Parkway (at West 57th Terrace).
Barry Santini, now 56, was intimidated by his sixth-grade music teacher, he said, but started taking private trombone lessons with Mr. Manso in ninth grade and played in the high school band until he graduated in 1970.
Lyndhurst, 635 South Broadway, Tarrytown, N.Y.; (914) 631-4481; www.lyndhurst.org; $12; 62 and older, $11; ages 6 to 16, $5; under 6, free.
Mr. Sarkozy portrayed it as a shift in power, saying, “Europe for the first time expressed its clear determination.” Americans had “never, ever” been willing to negotiate these kinds of regulatory changes, he said.
The only Patriots game she also watched on TV was the last one against the Giants because she said she was curious to see if they could close out a perfect regular season.
It found that none carried whole viruses from Eurasian bird pathways.
1 p.m. 6) X-RATED POTTERY Through December 2008, if you can make it to only one museum in Lima, it should be the Museo Rafael Larco Herrera (Avenida Bolívar 1515; 51-1-461-1312; www.museolarco.org ) in the Pueblo Libre district, which showcases pre-Columbian artifacts.
Researchers plan to run new experiments this year to test the strategy.
Mr. Wade said that Mr. Biden’s stumbles proved to voters that he was human and that they helped them relate to the candidate.
Scripps’ television properties include HGTV, the Food Network, the DIY Network and the Fine Living Network.
“I don’t think we were the only ones who changed,” said J. Pepe Fanjul, the company’s president.
Francesco’s Fabulous Foods has something of a split personality.
“It is to me the most important day in Spanish football in many, many years,” Torres said.
And I think the rabid following he’s cultivated is reflected in those sales numbers.” Too many guest appearances can create fatigue among fans.
There were coffee shops in the West Village, where hip-looking men and women drank cappuccinos and tapped away on their laptops.
If the mortgage giants ever defaulted on those obligations, banks might be forced to raise billions of dollars in additional capital.
He squandered away not simply the opportunity to play in the N.F.L., but to continue playing in the N.F.L.
A rising yuan helps Mr. Li there, too.
administrator, who said 98 percent of the 5,600 safety directives audited by the agency had been followed by the carriers.
And I thought, ‘What a terrible waste of money.’ This orchestra had to be spending three or four hundred thousand dollars, and for what?” Mr. Morris said, “You’re doing a one-shot concert without a context.” And Ms. Falcone added: “So the marketing is expensive.
On Saturdays, some families send their children to Korean-language schools.
“They said they could hear the highway, which means you’re not far,” Lieutenant Bogardus said.
The newest version, starring Edward Norton as Bruce Banner, a scientist who turns into a giant green beast when his blood pressure soars, was the top box-office draw over the weekend, making $54.5 million in its first week in theaters.
You don’t start with the principal because she’ll just bump you back to the teacher.” Parents said they appreciated the program.
A YouTube clip of Mr. Obama's victory speech kicked off the postelection discussion at the public bilingual school on Wednesday, but the effort that Mr. Obama's American supporters found so inspired did not seem to sway the jaded teenagers, exposed to news of American wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and distrustful of his intense popularity here.
Early last week, “Vindicated” was dropped by Berkley Books, an imprint of Penguin Group USA, after the publisher said it did not think the book would be ready by opening day of the season.
Almost 88 percent of overall nonprofit revenues in 2005, the most recent year for which figures are available, came from fees for services, sales and sources other than charitable contributions, according to the National Center for Charitable Statistics.
During pregame introductions Wednesday, the public-address announcer uttered the names of the Knicks’ coaches at warp speed.
“Now there’s a sense that the American contagion is spreading abroad.” For all the furious economic activity in China and India, the recent upheaval is a reminder that the American consumer remains a central engine of the global economy, the chief appetite for goods and services that has kept factories humming, mines at full production and cargo holds full of products.
A long time passed, but he never returned.
And if the committee is unsuccessful, then we’ll have to go to plan B, which I don’t know what it is yet.
Both types are driven by head-to-head competition among unknowns.
It cost about $110,000 to build, and they plan to spend at least part of each winter there.
Why not strive to be something different, like Lindsey Lee here?” As the festival neared its finale, spectators gathered along the main beach road to watch the pirates on parade.
Instead of waiting until January, it’s reappearing this Wednesday, just in time for the November ratings sweeps.
GREG TAYLOR, Fairfax’s chief financial officer, says he expects the gains to continue.
Marte, 33, has appeared in 47 games with 3.47 earned run average.
With their quarterback spot finally settled with Garrard, the Jaguars have given him a top-flight receiver, one they hope will produce like the ones who have shared the stage with Manning and Brady.
Rather, this emphasizes the need for having a healthy lifestyle.
Protesters began leaving Bangkok’s international airport on Wednesday, one day after Thailand’s Constitutional Court handed them a victory by disbanding the governing party and banning the prime minister from politics.
Another had a similarly unworkable layout, where there was no place for a refrigerator in the joint kitchen-living room except in front of a window.
“I feel like I came in here with a purpose,” he said.
In the latest sign of efforts to prevent dissent during the Beijing Olympics, political activists in Shanghai say they have been warned against expressing their opinions, speaking with foreigners or visiting Beijing until after the Games.
When Mr. Sarkozy was made an Honorary Canon of the Basilica of St. John Lateran in Rome last December, he proposed a “positive secularism” that “does not consider religions a danger, but an asset.” He was even more provocative in declaring that “the schoolteacher will never be able to replace the priest or the pastor” in teaching the difference between good and evil.
Urging the justices to hear Ms. Crawford’s appeal, Solicitor General Paul D. Clement said the appeals court’s interpretation “creates an unjustified gap in Title VII’s protection against retaliation.” The government’s brief added, “Internal investigations are an integral aspect of Title VII, and there is no reason to leave cooperating witnesses unprotected.” Under the appeals court’s analysis, protection against retaliation is available only to those employees who themselves initiate a complaint about discrimination or harassment, or who have made a formal charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
Civic groups have joined the opposition.
Sunday at 9 a.m., a nature walk; $18, $10 for members, free for mothers.
At the other, investigators saw a pedestrian enter through an unguarded loading dock.
“My wife, she’s having to work two jobs just to make ends meet,” he said.
Such a cost would not be unusual for a sign across the avenue from 1 Times Square, where the ball drops on New Year’s Eve.
The source material in ''Ready for Action!''
The two met on a park bench about eight years ago during Mr. Zonis’s lunch hour.
No, I was not surprised.
“A Treatise of Civil Power” is a measured, brilliant book; but its measurements are at times disfigured by Hill’s peculiar sidling, forelock-tugging commentary, full of nervous gestures and mock afflictions (“This I can live with,” “I know that sounds / a damn-fool thing to say”), as well as subtle misreadings or corrections of things just said, as if every page required an errata sheet.
Ms. Larios brought a magnetized barnyard sticker set for Christian, Ms. Galeas’s 3-year-old son.
Jessica and Sarah have issues, mostly to do with the deaths of their parents 10 years earlier while on a family vacation in Mexico.
“I am emotionless,” said an American-born executive named Kofi who, I later learned, was a convert to Islam.
Sometimes I feel that I should leave Iraq and claim asylum or refugee status, so that later on I would be lucky enough to get another nationality, which would make me feel respectable and that I have some rights.
“It’s certainly frustrating,” Heilman said.
“I’ve got zero challenge separating myself from a business interest,” he said.
Both Mr. King and CNN are talking and acting as if he'll be around as long as he wants, and that he is not about to depart for the likes of Ryan Seacrest or Katie Couric or whoever else might need a new TV job.
Edwina, who appears to be in her tweens, an age when puberty and problems make twin arrivals, has a talent for advice, making her in essence a younger, hipper (and much thinner) Ann Landers.
Mr. McCain quickly put his stamp on the organization after taking over in January 1993.
After an overall decline in attacks against civilians and American and Iraqi security forces in Baghdad over the past several months, the number more than doubled in March from the previous month, according to statistics compiled by the American military in Baghdad.
It was a tough neighborhood with only a few white families.
He brought off this difficult marriage about as well as could be imagined.
This film is not rated.
A funeral service will be held on Monday 11am at the Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church in New Rochelle, followed by interment in the Woodland Cemetery Bronx, NY.
Indeed, even as he endorsed the Hudson Yards and Penn Station projects in a speech last week, Gov.
She had faced 12 counts of conspiracy, sex trafficking and smuggling; she pleaded guilty to one sex-trafficking count.
The ruling will make it even easier for other states to block voters’ access to the ballot box.
Boeing had agreed to preserve the jobs of nearly 2,200 facilities and maintenance employees for the life of the contract, the summary said, and the company promised the union that its vendors could deliver materials only to designated areas of its plants, except for the facility that will assemble the Dreamliner.
(Make it addictive, deranging, illegal and expensive.)
You can have a salad with a knackwurst sliced down the middle and grilled to a faint brown on the flat sides.
“Accepting a Statue of Liberty,” the city’s brief said, should not “compel a government to accept a Statue of Tyranny.” The brief for the Summum church said the relevant dispute was much narrower.
She’s already almost a fiction; a jukebox musical may help complete the transformation.
The Cowboys actually played well until the game that followed the emotional regular-season win over Green Bay.
Too often, when you mock celebrity, you also seem to be mocking all the people who get to define celebrity — which is to say, American consumers.
On the first day, we bring in a bucket of zebra fish and say: “Now that you’re scientists, you have to be good at observation.
When Busch decided to leave Roush Racing after the 2005 season and sign with Penske Racing, that was ugly, too.
Though Mr. Keith arrived at the Sahara first on Monday, he finished about three hours behind Mr. McCornack and Ms. Westcott in total travel time over the three-day trip due to trouble Sunday with a flat tire and a some dead wood that didn’t burn properly.
Kirk Kandle, his great-grandson, said the footage showed Ruth gesturing at least four times during the at-bat.
Birding is a kind of weaponless hunting, an attack by well-meaning mimes, and as such, says Rosen, it highlights our Jekyll and Hyde attitude.
is an agency that has to have a clear strategy under which it negotiates deals,” Ms. Wylde said.
“The poetry was good, but it was caught in a tree,” said Mr. Jones of Google Earth.
According to a recent survey, half of that $2 trillion is externally managed.
Share of Onyx Pharmaceuticals, which developed a cancer drug with Bayer, closed up 10 percent at $40.50 on Thursday.
And how often do runners sneak in by trading or buying one another's entries?"
“You think about someone who was involved in a political attack on a member of a different party.
But a week ago last Monday, Taliban gunmen burst into the lobby, one exploding his ball-bearing vest, one running to the gym and spa area, spraying bullets as he went.
Mr. Schaps and some of his neighbors argue that this admittedly dramatic comparison suits the proposed 85-room hotel at 145 Perry Street, which will sit within the Greenwich Village Historic District, designated in 1969.
With only three losses, two of them decided by 3 points or fewer, the Jayhawks are most likely to survive the gantlet and take home the title.
In establishing a new fee, it would be stretching its mandate to include carbon dioxide, methane and other heat-trapping gases.
McLellan replaced Ron Wilson, who was fired May 12 after the Sharks failed to get past the second round of the playoffs for the third year in a row despite winning a division title.
Analysts do not expect the company to take the product off the market but the format war is over.
It seems that the Treasury secretary, Henry M. Paulson Jr., is still figuring out just what to do with that $700 billion, announcing Wednesday that maybe it didn’t make sense to buy up all those darn troubled assets after all.
While, to my knowledge, the Delaware courts have never applied Revlon duties to a stock-for-stock merger (since post-transaction control is generally considered fluid and therefore no change of control occurs), this is one case that appears to qualify.
When he was first starting out, Pugh used to do a lot of things with garbage bags, championing the idea of making cheap materials look beautiful and luxurious.
Couples could dress up as grooms and brides against a panorama of Niagara Falls, or brave a “jungle” of lifelike animals that promised what a sign called “the realistic thrill of darkest Africa.” By 1935, when the economy was so dire that Playland had to lure customers with gimmicks, they could even win a car.
May 30 through June 8.
“From the moment last Thursday when Donnette was struck down, scores of New Yorkers pulled together as one to try to save her and her still-unborn child,” Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said in a statement.
Bobby Jindal of Louisiana .
They have long had a love-hate relationship with Darlington, but mostly hate.
They were a religious, not a secular movement.
Jeff Van Gundy ’s mirthless intensity as coach of the Knicks and the Houston Rockets did little to prepare viewers for Van Gundy the funny, sharp and relaxed TV analyst.
Brooklyn Cohousing has bought the rights to the site, the plans and all the city approvals that the developers spent two years amassing, including a go-ahead from the Landmarks Preservation Commission.
But fear not, Eagles fans, the next round of possibly meritless but entirely enticing speculation may have just begun.
It would also severely limit opportunities for Americans, among others, and perhaps coax them to stay in Major League Soccer.
You can order them as medium or large platters, or in an appetizer called tostones Bohemios, crisp little fried-plantain baskets filled with the ceviche of your choice.
It’s impossible, though, to stop scanning the horizon for something else — the bracing, wide-screen, many-angled novel that will leave a larger, more definitive intellectual and moral footprint on the new age of terror.
Taking count of good times, it raised its 2008 goal to $600,000.
The central bank issued its decision in a brief statement that did little to explain the move.
Then there was “Siboney,” a theme by the Cuban composer Ernesto Lecuona, arranged by Mr. Lindner to incorporate traces of reggae as well as clave.
People with analog sets will need a new set-top cable box.
But the Nets largely contained him, limiting Horford to 6 points and 11 rebounds.
Focus comes from movement.” A parent in pinstripes was listening from the sidelines.
During the event, a black mass is held at the mouth of the cave where the devil supposedly loiters.
But it’s far from a sure thing; among other issues, the results of environmental testing at the site are not available.
These varieties are sure to thrive.
Tami Maes, a 27-year-old recreational therapist from Raleigh, N.C., who was part of Mr. Russoniello’s study, put her experience a bit more colloquially.
It would be the second high-profile executive departure announced by the company in less than two months.
Detective Sanchez said that when he returned on the night of Nov. 24, teaming up with Detectives Isnora and Cooper, he saw a man, Mr. Guzman, arguing with someone inside.
The results were interpreted here as a repudiation of Mr. Musharraf as well as the Bush administration, which has staunchly backed him for more than six years as its best bet in the campaign against the Islamic militants in Pakistan.
Synergy by N. V. Perricone M.D.
Oskar Eustis, the Public Theater’s artistic director, argued that patrons were embracing less macho characters because they were craving gentleness in the face of political and economic problems.
But in that scenario, withdrawal would invite a Taliban victory on both sides of the border, and the Taliban will have even less incentive to compromise than they do currently.
Mr. Gensler, who became a partner at Goldman Sachs at the age of 30, is a staunch Democrat who was a top adviser to Paul S. Sarbanes, then a senator, in drafting the Sarbanes-Oxley law in 2002.
He characterized that as modest given the stimulus package and estimated an increase closer to 3 percent.
When the Red Sox order a dozen bats, the Yankees are supposed to order 13.
It did not identify the carriers.
With regulated apartments in New York City, for example, seven days would be considered reasonable notice, he added.
A sister lives across the street.
Beloved sister of Phyllis Baron and Rona Breakstone.
Aguacate + Mescal Adapted from Macondo Kosher salt Lime slice 1/4 avocado ½ ounce Cointreau ¾ ounce Agwa coca leaf liqueur (or Midori melon liqueur) 1 ½ ounces mescal 1 ½ ounces freshly squeezed lime juice 1 ounce agave nectar 1 teaspoon honey.
Average blood pressure and cholesterol levels are dropping, partly because of drug treatments.
Although Santana’s new location, assuming he is relocated, will be of great importance to much of the population of Major League Baseball — the team that gets him, the teams that don’t, the teams that will have to deal with him and the teams that will no longer have to deal with him.
“Your landlord has lost the house.” Many renters may believe that they have avoided the chaos of the subprime loan crisis and the mortgage meltdown simply by renting and not buying, but they may not be as insulated as they think.
“In many ways, this will just be an apartment building,” said Alex Marshall, a fellow at the Regional Plan Association who as a founding member began researching cohousing five years ago.
He is leasing a Maybach through Luxautica, an “ultimate car club” that has annual fees of about $125,000.
These provided the first direct evidence of Indo-European influence on the kingdom.
The band’s first single, “Pinocchio,” has become an underground hit here, with hundreds of young Saudis downloading the song from the group’s MySpace page .
Brian Considine, head of decorative arts and sculpture conservation, had just promised to refinish a small bust of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis in “faux gold, like painted plastic.” But when he suggested attaching it to the top of a wooden television console, Glenn Phillips, the video curator at the Getty Research Institute, grew uneasy.
There’s no way that you can have a serious conversation about issues this big in 48 hours.”
Quite ready, I might add, to do something wild, like grab a bunch of extra napkins when I scarf down lunch at McDonald’s after my riffs.
Israel’s economic and military power today is entirely dependent on extracting intelligence from its people.
According to RealtyTrac, a real estate industry statistical firm, monthly foreclosure-related filings in west Harlem in the first six months of this year, for instance, are only slightly higher than they were a year earlier but actually lower than during the same period in 2006.
“He switched a lot from one group to another,” said Bassem, his younger brother, reached Monday by telephone in Beirut.
I’ve never cooked in my life!” Chow stayed at the university for seven years, then left to open his own gym.
Thomas Beddoes, nearly as fat as Darwin, set Roget to work at his Pneumatic Institute, where the young Humphry Davy experimented on him with laughing gas.
But for $75 a person, skiers can also take part in Stowe’s winter Cliff House Summit Series on Saturdays.
“Tourism is a big business in New York,” he added, “and frankly, because of current economic conditions, it’s something that can drive short-term revenue.” In other words, money invested in tourism ads may generate faster returns than money spent in efforts like luring new businesses to the state.
The film pins most of these problems on the one-child policy.
But they could call me anytime.
AROUND THE LEAGUE Philadelphia forward Simon Gagné is sidelined again, after sustaining his third concussion of the season Sunday in a loss at Pittsburgh.
I grew immersed in the opinions of the home-schoolers.
Perhaps someday the pendulum will swing back in the other direction, but right now, those are the rules, and when the group NoSuperDelegates urges the DNC “to not seat the Super-Delegates .
Indeed, the DP-1’s optical viewfinder is an optional $150 accessory.
The marriage ended in divorce a year later.
His firm does weekly status reports on delinquencies and helps evicted occupants with relocation.
The American military — whose pressing wartime needs and ample budget had led to science-based V.C.
This is in some ways the opposite of what Plato was talking about, for it involves a knowing appreciation of something clearly artificial — as if we are heading back into Plato’s cave just for the fun of it.
Instead, sunlight streamed through a gaping hole caused by a Qassam rocket fired from nearby Gaza that tore off part of the orange-tiled roof in December.
“Besides, I thought the dip was enough to kill anything.
Jane S. DeLung Princeton, N.J., Aug. 28, 2008
“It was fun for our guys to see that.” After he left the game, Rodriguez sat on the Hokies’ bench for half an inning, signing autographs and talking baseball.
New York voters passed term limits in 1993, and polls show they remain strongly in favor of them, a major obstacle for any campaign by the mayor.
Canseco’s lawyer, Greg S. Emerson, said his client intended to answer all the investigators’ questions next week, but said he did not know specifically what information they were seeking.
In his mid-90s, he was still going to his office at Purdue.
Political redistricting this year has made the urban voter far more important nationally than ever before.
Moreover, the place was the quintessential Formula One driver’s bachelor pad, complete with a racing car simulator in the garage and massage table in the middle of the living room.
Most of the bidders took the latter view, disdaining an offer.
In 1972, Spitz also had a partner in playing his mind games.
I’d had to wade to the A-frame for my backcountry permit, had found fresh fat-tire bike tracks on the road to Glacier Point.
Gale Stevens Haynes Provost, Long Island University Brooklyn Campus Brooklyn, Dec. 10, 2008
Pau Gasol had 28 points and Juan Carlos Navarro added 21 for Memphis, which has lost six of its last seven games and four in a row on the road.
It presents fat slices of gorgeous duck breast smoked with maple leaves and thin, crunchy slivers that are mostly skin.
Abreu was trying to confuse Sweeney.
Iran is locked in a long-running dispute with the United States and other powers over its nuclear enrichment program.
Georgian officials say that at least 3,500 Russians are in the conflict zone, as well as advisers who are surreptitiously training and leading Abkhaz units.
But this May they were told that the offer to pay for a year's tuition, books and fees at North Carolina state universities and community colleges for those graduates who worked for 10 hours a week was done.
Though Republicans traditionally built their fund-raising on small donations from grass-roots conservatives, the party began to pay less attention to that group after 1994, when its position in the majority meant contributions from K Street, which came more easily and in larger chunks.
Last week, Mr. Singh told reporters in New Delhi that those proposals “never got going.” Last year, India and China had joint military exercises for the first time.
And, being teenagers, they would do more than a little bit of showing off.
Courthouse Cafe, 127 Main Street; (606) 633-5859.
Having exhausted its best ideas on how to deal with Google, Microsoft is now working its way down the list to dubious ones — like pursuing a hostile bid for Yahoo .
“Every school we went to, in every classroom, the teachers were saying we need more salary or food,” Mr. Banbury said.
Colombia extradited 14 jailed paramilitary leaders to the United States on Tuesday, in an effort by President Álvaro Uribe to take a hard line against the warlords and defuse a scandal that has tied them to senior lawmakers in the Colombian Congress and members of his own family.
The 11 police layoffs called for in the mayor’s plan, along with 9 unfilled police vacancies, would essentially eliminate several special police units, including antidrug D.A.R.E.
In a separate report on Tuesday, the Commerce Department said that the economy contracted at a 0.5 percent annual rate in the third quarter, slightly more than the 0.3 percent contraction that was originally reported.
Of all the major commodities, only oil at its peak in July traded at a higher price than in the last bull market, adjusted for inflation.
Instead, he said it should be revised and resubmitted — a message that somehow got lost in transmission.
By Sept. 11, 2006, after all, there were already enough 9/11 novels to constitute a mini-genre.
Kevin Kolb played the first half, guiding the Eagles to 13 points on their first three possessions.
“If your selection pool is only 6 percent of the population,” Mr. Tingley, the principal, said, “that is a small percent to draw from.
What I’m trying to do is bring the two sides together.
Mr. Donati survived Surrealism and moved through other art movements, including Constructivism and Abstract Expressionism, and became a successful owner of a perfume company.
The most bitter period of their campaign was in South Carolina , when Mrs. Clinton and former President Bill Clinton repeatedly challenged Mr. Obama’s credentials and credibility.
For the two architects, however, the success is bittersweet.
We extend our heartfelt condolences to the Levy family.
INVEST in a mortgage REIT?
The markets may not be as panicked as they were last week, but with every passing day, the situation is getting increasingly dangerous.
“There are a lot of very smart people doing very bad things,” he said.
United States prosecutors were making arrangements for their return to San Diego to face smuggling charges.
According to Christine Hassler, author of “20 Something Manifesto: Quarter-Lifers Speak Out About Who They Are, What They Want and How to Get It,” they’re not just floundering, they’re often anxious and miserable, suffering from something like menu overload: there are just too many choices to make.
“I just gained confidence off of that.” In March, Thomas surpassed the class of 1983-84 — including Perkins and others who won 117 games — for the victory record.
(As well as being a film critic and publisher, Uwe Nettelbeck was also a wine lover.)
Instead of telling stories about Montana, for example, Holmgren now rambles about his grandchildren.
The September figure surpassed the previous monthly high of $28.7 billion set in August.
Steve Henry Herman Chapel Hill, N.C., July 19, 2008  To the Editor: Re “Surge Protector,” by William J. Fallon (Op-Ed, July 20): I cannot understand why either Senator Barack Obama or Senator John McCain should not be able to subscribe fully to a course in Iraq as outlined by Admiral Fallon.
After all, with cash donations legally capped at $2,300, even donors who give the maximum have no realistic hope of influencing an election’s outcome.
Perhaps because I was acting so halfheartedly, this tattoo was the ugliest and stupidest yet: a bear on my shoulder.
It’s harder than they think,” she said.
Some Congressional Republicans have signaled that they could support extending unemployment insurance.
After several months, Mr. Hoffman began to focus on a Coney Island he did not know as a child.
“Sometimes we’ll bring things that are handmade.
A few even donated to feed/back.
Mears draws a parallel distinction in fashion, between designers choosing to work within the antique tradition of drapery as well as the use of uncut lengths of fabric, and others who chose instead to pursue the science of tailoring.
Ms. Devine was heading off to show another client an apartment at the Osborne.
At 9 that evening she sat down for a long interview.
I would love to meet with you to discuss my trip as well as my participation as the US Fish and Wildlife’s designated Monarch Ambassador to Mexico.
“It was clear that WaMu’s losses were going to consume the bank’s capital and the confidence of investors.
Friday at noon, Sunday at 3 p.m., 1395 Lexington Avenue, (212) 415-5553, 92y.org; $10 on Sunday.
Juan Antonio, in addition to having erotic magnetism, is a suave bon vivant and knowledgeable Barcelona tour guide.
“And we are working very hard at a just partition of income.” Angola is pumping almost two million barrels of oil a day, rivaling Nigeria as Africa’s largest producer.
The Vignoles discography — typical for an accompanist at the top echelon — ranges from Schubert to Britten, Haydn to Hahn, Purcell to Cole Porter, played for a roll call of singers that has included Thomas Allen, Susan Graham, Lorraine Hunt Lieberson, Kiri Te Kanawa and more.
Because of immigration restrictions and the rapid pace of modern shipping — the Daedalus had arrived the night before and would set sail again for Asia in a few hours — the closest these men get to the city during their stays is a glimpse of the Statue of Liberty.
Then one day last spring, on the way home from a friend’s house, Ferreira ran into a classmate from elementary school who was pushing a stroller and also pregnant.
Two days later I panicked.
“I’m going to the Olympics,” the president said last month, when Steven Spielberg, the filmmaker, announced that he was dropping out as an artistic adviser for the Games.
Before the game, Pujols and Houston pitcher Brandon Backe had a heated exchange as the Astros left the field after batting practice.
The Pequeño family from Spring, Tex., on the final leg of their pilgrimage to see Pope Benedict XVI , arrived in New York City this weekend ready for another test of faith.
” (See related blog post .)
With her collaborator, the Australian novelist Robert Hillman, Ms. Ghahramani writes in a spare, eloquent prose style that reflects both her child’s view of the world before arriving at Evin and the pared-down perceptions of her prison experience.
More than 30 Labor rebels who voted against the measure appeared to have stood firm in their opposition despite intense pressure from Mr. Brown, whose determination to press ahead with the bill had turned the vote into a test of his own embattled leadership.
The big, black son of Our Emblem, however, stumbled at the gate and finished eighth.
It has no plans to ask lawmakers to free the second $350 billion of the rescue package during the special session of Congress that could begin next week.
“The investigations are continuing, in particular, to cover a wider area than the activities of the author of the fraud,” the report added.
“The problems in the financial sector have been a huge albatross in taking everything else down,” said Chris Lafakis, an economist for Moody’s economy.com .
He put down $46,635 for a house that was never started by Levitt.
Mr. Wroblewski happens to have borrowed, here and there, from Rudyard Kipling, William Shakespeare, Richard Russo, Stephen King and the 1934 dog-breeding book “Working Dogs.” And he writes as if he grew up in a library well stocked with great novels of the prairie.
Mr. Schaller said that vehicle trips citywide peaked in 1999 and then leveled off, with a dip in 2001 as a result of the terror attack on the World Trade Center.
It has also raised the level of deposit insurance in banks to $250,000 per depositor from $100,000.
The phone also downloads e-mail messages and can connect to instant-messaging and social-networking services.
The Bush administration has pushed for offshore drilling , as has the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, Senator John McCain.
At first Mr. Petronio uses just one couple: Ms. Tirabassi, fluid and commanding, and Jonathan Jaffe, deliberately lumpen and brutish.
The 2005 document also referred to a Central Command list of the “hostile forces” that may be “engaged and destroyed.” It focused heavily on Mr. Hussein’s former security forces, like the Special Republican Guard and members of the Baath Party militia that were said to have shifted from “overt conventional resistance to insurgent methods of resistance.” Reflecting the clash the year before between American forces and Mr. Sadr’s militia, the document said the militia and other armed supporters of the cleric had also been on the list of paramilitary forces deemed to be “hostile.” L. Paul Bremer III, the head of the American occupation authority in Iraq until June 2004, had branded Mr. Sadr an outlaw, and an Iraqi judge had issued a secret warrant for his arrest.
In addition, the School of Nursing, as well as schools for emergency medical service technicians, radiological technicians and laboratory technicians were organized.
Whatever Ms. Couric’s next move is, it must be made carefully and with a full calculation of every possible angle, one executive said.
... the kind of gesture my mother's brother Mel used to make, waving toward the coffee pot, when you walked into his house in Brooklyn.
“The first was a widow who was in my husband’s unit,” Ms. Davis said last week by telephone.
I mean, really, that is it.
Since then the art world has debated whether the restored paintings are the work of Mr. Pollock, who was a close friend of Mr. Matter’s parents before he died in 1956.
Opposition leaders vowed Monday to hold nationwide protests if a compromise was not reached by Thursday.
Bakers used to uniform results have trouble adjusting.
The taxes rise or fall according to commodity prices.
“It’s a great feeling,” Howard said of fatherhood, although he does not live with Braylon’s mother.
“And when he would play, he would fall like Bambi.” By his early 20s, however, Mr. Navarro’s mental and physical condition had deteriorated to a point where he was placed in an assisted-care facility.
May his memory abide as a blessing.
Since 2006, Major League Baseball and the N.F.L.
The West is obsessed with terrorism, but if it supported democracy here, there would be no terrorism.
Brooks Laich had several swipes at the puck in the crease in the second but could not beat Brodeur.
Editors raved about the dress’s modern cut.
It takes a while, but two men in First Recon’s Bravo Company emerge as the Willie and Joe of “Operation Iraqi Freedom”: Sgt.
Manning, who grew up in New Orleans and played at Ole Miss, may take some solace in the words of Favre, who is from Mississippi.
Ten museums have been chosen so far: the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles, the Delaware Art Museum in Wilmington, the High Museum of Art in Atlanta, the Indianapolis Museum of Art, the Speed Art Museum in Louisville, the New Orleans Museum of Art, Harvard University Art Museums in Cambridge, the Montclair Art Museum in New Jersey, the Blanton Museum of Art at the University of Texas in Austin, and the Seattle Art Museum.
That’s one thing we know for sure.’ ”
“Once my dad asked, ‘The waiting room for what?’ and I said, ‘You know what,’ and he never asked again,” Seth says.
Jon Pareles has already rightly mentioned the food vendors, but I’d be remiss if I didn’t admit an ulterior motive for my scouting.
Others to enjoy her love of opera and political discourse.
Mr. Bollani kept a steady, impatient motor in his right hand, giving the songs their rhythm and dynamics; Mr. Rava draped warm melody over them, giving his individual notes a glow or a bitterness.
“His mission with me in Cambodia was to tell the world what suffering his people were going through in a war that was never necessary.
For a brief, manic time, however, the S.L.A.
That could bode well for this year’s Arkansas winner, Gayego, even though the horse drew a very tough post — No.
If a new question comes up, it takes ten years, conservatively, before an experiment can be delivered in place to explore it.
Now leading dummy’s heart deuce endplayed East for the second time.
The visitors center focuses on coastal wetlands, while a photographer’s blind lets you get close to whatever fowl are settled on the small pond behind the center.
Ferguson and center Nick Mangold, both promising third-year players, along with the veteran guard Brandon Moore, remain from last season’s unit.
Loving mother-in-law of Leeann Graham and grandmother of Rachel and Gordon.
On June 8, Walker made his record-breaking leap of 19-9 ¾. Hartwig said he believed he would retire after he failed to make the Olympic team in 2004.
After decades of relatively low Hispanic electoral participation, last year more than a million legal Latino immigrants applied to become citizens, with many saying they had done so to be able to vote.
“I teach them, ‘Sacrifice is X, sacrifice is Y, but most of all sacrifice is XYZ.’ ” Last summer, she started the online business, which costs $139 for three months.
First, we must adopt a policy of strategic conditionality at the presidential level.
In fact, by the standards of today’s commutes to New York City, the 60-mile trip from Mahopac is fairly manageable.
Answer: c. Sammy is an outside agency.
You can cook with joy and distraction or follow the instructions to the letter, like a terrified parent responding to a detailed kidnapper’s note.
Mr. Bush did not mention Mr. Obama by name, and White House officials said he was not taking aim at the senator, though they were aware the speech might be interpreted that way.
The scholars and their law were thus absolutely essential to the tremendous success that Islamic society enjoyed from its inception into the 19th century.
Nevertheless, it is clear that Yahoo’s attention is divided.
“Whether it’s the killing of Sean Bell here in New York City or the killing of people in Haiti, we are one African community,” he said.
He was the beloved ''Papa'' to grandchildren Josh Norek, Jennifer Cafarella, Emily and Max Feldman and great-grandchildren Emma and Zoe Cafarella, who ere the recipients of countless corny jokes and loving attention.
A lawyer for Société Générale, Jean Veil, said that he was “delighted” that Mr. Kerviel had found employment.
Jason Aldean introduced “She’s Country,” a rowdy Southern-rocker that name-drops states from Kansas to Mississippi, a potential crowd-pleaser.
Our deepest sympathy to her sister Lucy Lang and family, her sons Daniel, Michael and Benjamin and families.
Prosecutors said that while Mrs. Motz had been immobilized by physical disabilities, she was still mentally alert.
But it’s nice to see everybody talking about open-wheel racing again.”
As the number of entrants increases, so does the number of volunteers, police and medical workers, said Carey Pinkowski, the executive race director for the Chicago Marathon, which caps its registration at 45,000.
Snide footnotes point out Türmer’s lies, inaccuracies and shameful instances of self-aggrandizement.
“We sit them down and explain right away that this is a contact sport,” Wiley said.
A range of options, including building a new bridge and adding rail service, are being considered as part of the project.
Utrecht in the Dutch league.
Drop the temperature to 32, and fresh ocean fish will last twice as long — for as long as a week.
As is made clear by “Deep Trance Behavior,” which runs through April 13 at the tiny theater at St. Mark’s Church in the East Village, Mr. Foreman has distilled what’s noblest in the impulse that four decades ago propelled a generation to turn on, tune in and drop out.
And the black glass exterior gives it the air of a gigantic mausoleum.
(Johnson) NEW MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART: 'AFTER NATURE,' through Sept. 21.
One article was published as an “Editors’ Choice” feature in May 2003 in The American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology, more than a year after a big federal study called the Women’s Health Initiative linked Wyeth’s Prempro, a combination of estrogen and progestin, to breast cancer.
“ ‘We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal’ — just words?
Mr. Jackson, who announced his resignation in March, leaves office on Friday as federal authorities continue to investigate whether he enriched himself and friends with lucrative contracts.
In some of the audio samples, the sound isn't as important as where it was recorded: voices in a landfill or in a McDonald's, gunfire in Ramallah.
The good old folks at Syracuse.com have video and images from Syracuse’s victory and the site will be updated overnight with games stories and analysis.
For some community leaders, Arverne by the Sea’s steady progress is a welcome improvement for the area, which is lined with empty tracts.
The red spit stains are from paan, the popular mild stimulant made from betel nuts.
Remember all those complicated products like collateralized debt obligations and credit default swaps that have been scaring the pants off people and causing some financial giants to look into the abyss?
In lieu of flowers, contributions may be sent to the Parrish Art Museum, 25 Jobs Lane, Southampton, NY 11968 or East End Hospice, P.O.
Republican operatives and some of his own advisers acknowledge that Mr. McCain has run into problems that bedeviled Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton's primary campaign against Mr. Obama.
CONNECTICUT SOUTHPORT AND WESTPORT, MAY 2 The Near and Far house tour will take place from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. and includes the home of Mar Jennings, host of a syndicated television home and garden show.
The Mount Sinai Dermatology Department mourns the loss of Professor Irwin Kantor, who taught generations of Dermatologists and was revered by his colleagues and patients.
Not a bad deal for a program that went 3-9 last season.
When it is operating at full steam, the collider, which started circulating protons earlier this month before a series of mishaps shut it down for the winter, will accelerate protons to energies of seven trillion electron volts and slam them together in search of particles and forces not seen since the early moments of the Big Bang.
Zoe (Megan Ferguson) is the Hawn type, who is clearly meant to represent Britney Spears and her act-alikes.
The velvet curtain had been ripped off the Holy Ark, prayer books and shawls were scattered on the floor, a brass menorah had been twisted and torn off the stage where the Torah is read, and a Torah — fortunately a paper scroll and not the sacred parchment used for services — had been trampled.
— Alan Ray, Stockton, Calif .
When we got to the classroom — cinderblock walls, like all the others, with a dreary view of the parking lot — we smelled popcorn.
The TDI costs just $700 more than the gasoline model (including the federal tax credit).
EARNINGS REPORTS Earnings start to tail off, with reports coming from BP and Take-Two Interactive Software (Tuesday); BJ’s Wholesale Club, Costco Wholesale, H&R Block, Saks, TiVo and Trump Entertainment Resorts (Wednesday); Blockbuster (Thursday); and Volkswagen (Friday).
Because you can’t have a healthy society that tolerates in any way its own sons going into a modern city, anywhere, and just murdering everyone in sight — including some 40 other Muslims — in a suicide -murder operation, without even bothering to leave a note.
In Mr. Harmon’s opinion, the sentence was fair.
“I was really shocked and flattered he called me back,” Randolph said.
Mr. Johns revisited the light bulb throughout the 1960s.
“The conclusion that no current lawyer at the firm had any involvement in the wrongdoing will enable us really to move forward,” said Sanford P. Dumain, a partner at Milberg, in an interview on Monday.
Chop Suey * In the Renaissance Hotel, 714 Seventh Avenue (48th Street), Times Square; (212) 261-5200, chopsueynyc.com .
Fears of another financial crisis refused to go away.
The guerrillas that sprouted from the jungle more than 40 years ago still remain a substantial fighting force — with some 9,000 members and steady financing from the drug trade.
Before things get any worse, Congress should approve the Clean Water Restoration Act.
But Mr. Simkin was oddly subdued.
(Chinen) ★ GARY PEACOCK TRIO (Wednesday and Thursday) The bassist Gary Peacock is a deeply intuitive musician, and so are his partners in this trio, the pianist Marc Copland and the drummer Bill Stewart.
From the start of his career in Washington, Mr. Gramm aggressively promoted his conservative ideology and free-market beliefs.
OnlineNic registered more than 900,000 domain names similar to some of the world’s biggest companies, including Google, Adidas, the News Corporation’s MySpace, Wal-Mart Stores and Yahoo, Verizon said in court papers.
She said it was unlikely the car would be able to keep its populist price tag once those regulations take effect.
Letters must include the writer's name, address and telephone number.
Meanwhile, it’s sterilizing the effects on the monetary base.
Their best-remembered title game came in 1940, when the Bears, led by quarterback Sid Luckman and using the T formation, emphasizing speed and deception in place of the power-oriented single wing, routed the Redskins, 73-0.
He married Linda Wofsey in 1956.
WEILER--George Henry, Jr.,a public relations executive and tireless fundraiser for Yale University, died on November 13, 2008.
(“Went out last night with a crowd of my friends/They must’ve been women, ’cause I don’t like no men.”) In 1935, she returned to Georgia , where she owned two theaters and lived in the house in Columbus until she died in 1939.
“We attempt to make those personal communications happen as quickly as possible,” she said.
You meet in the executive lounge, not even at the bar.” Whether or not his work reaps him personal glory, it affects his colleagues backstage deeply, as attested by several who worked on the Met’s “Hansel.” “I entirely trust his instinct and his theatrical literacy,” the director Richard Jones said recently.
“There’s an antique-car show, a hot-air balloon festival, a wine weekend.
Sheik Ali al-Nida, head of the Albu Nasir tribe that dominated the government under Mr. Hussein, was killed by a bomb attached to his car, the police said.
The daughter of a Polish mother and a Turkish father, she grew up on the city’s Asian side.
Not long ago, the cocktail was considered passé and often likened, in its original formula, to an alcoholic milkshake.
But with the credit markets all but frozen, fewer companies are exercising that option because they cannot obtain financing to continue operating while they reorganize.
Mr. Chavez’s cronies have proved that they don’t have the skill — or the honesty — to run these businesses.
Glavine, who has 303 career victories, said he was “very comfortable” with his perspective regarding the loss.
But it is hard to escape that conclusion after seeing the show.
But one defining characteristic of the Obama campaign was the extent to which it insisted on keeping control over everything, often to the irritation of state Democratic leaders.
The network has been unable to identify a successor to Mr. Schieffer, at least one who was available.
“I purposely have tried to be supportive of the program even if what they do is different than what I might have done,” Deas said recently.
Air France-KLM has hedged 78 percent of its fuel consumption through March 2009, at $70 to $80 a barrel, Jean-Cyril Spinetta, the chairman and chief executive of the airline, said last month.
Abundance trumps coherence, and this movie, with Ron Perlman as the grouchy red hero and Selma Blair as his fiery lover, is a bit of a mess.
But make bad choices in a game, any game, and the game ends badly.
2 Foot Yard From the San Francisco Bay area, 2 Foot Yard is a group with violin, cello, drums and voices; it incorporates classical technique and punk roughness.
“We really have to modernize the industry.” Mr. Roque said that corruption at the ports was a problem that allowed ships to sail without the necessary clearance.
The quality of those dances was uneven, but that seemed less important than that they could present a program of abstract, contemporary ballet to such an audience without condescension or fuss.
But India, and Bombay in particular, is a haven for tailoring, and getting custom-made clothes here is a blissfully affordable luxury.
His face doesn’t appear on a new 10-yuan bank note issued for the Olympics, but it’s on all other currency above the small-change level.
“We could be putting a warmer and fuzzier face on Chris.” The couple met at a party while they were attending Harvard.
Coal accounts for half the nation’s power generation, and executives like Mr. Rogers of Duke say these customers should not have to bear the brunt of a national climate policy.
Unable to use the main sanctuary, he preaches in a basement room they share with another congregation that helps defray expenses.
To stoke that program, Mr. Bernanke said, the government could share losses with the lender if a borrower defaulted anew, and could pay $1,000 for every loan modification.
Since then, states have largely carried the ball.
During the torch relay in Paris this spring, for instance, Chinese TV viewers saw mainly the heroic efforts of the wheelchair-bound amputee who used her upper body to shield the flame from a lunging protester and not the mass of pro-Tibet demonstrators.
This bid had the effect of picking off the opponents’ best suit.
But it also feels disjointed and indulgent, packed with stylistic U-turns.
But after the indoor pool reopened last fall, the temporary pool remained and the basketball courts stayed inaccessible.
But it is an insult to Senator McCain’s intelligence to think even half of these or other matters were known to him before he chose her.
He attempted eight free throws in the half, more than the entire Celtics team combined.
That’s when the roller-coaster ride began.
The current class runs until April 30 and another begins on May 5, said Sunil B. Gupta, the dean of the college’s center for continuing education and work force development.
The mayor should appoint the chancellor, the 10-member commission of education experts and advocates concluded after hearing testimony from 50 witnesses, but an independent board, the Panel for Educational Policy, should have more influence on the city’s educational policies and budget.
We’re not further along than this?
There are other tricks at waiters’ disposal.
But that wasn’t my intention.
Amid heightened scrutiny over flawed or contaminated Chinese exports, the survey provided a reminder that the country’s largely state-controlled news media still keep a lid on news of negative developments.
Polls in Europe do not yet show a decisive shift in consumer sentiment, and the industry has had some recent setbacks.
He was a pretty fair baseball player in his day.
Louis Leterrier directs; with Liv Tyler, Tim Roth and Robert Downey Jr. MY WINNIPEG The impish Canadian filmmaker Guy Maddin pays tribute to the city of his birth by recreating some of the most hideous moments of his adolescence in a pseudodocumentary -- a ''docu-fantasia,'' in his words.
In recent years these platforms have grown ever more baroque, ever more costly, are taking longer to build and are being fielded in ever dwindling quantities.” Mr. Gates said that “apart from the Special Forces community and some dissident colonels, for decades there has been no strong, deeply rooted constituency inside the Pentagon or elsewhere for institutionalizing our capabilities to wage asymmetric or irregular conflict — and to quickly meet the ever-changing needs of our forces engaged in these conflicts.” To be sure, Mr. Gates acknowledged that the nation had to adopt a balanced strategy for national defense that prepared for a series of threats: conventional threats from larger, rival nations; irregular, guerrilla-style warfare; potential attack from a smaller rogue state with unconventional weapons; another major terrorist attack; and next-generation attacks, including cyberwarfare.
The other answers, all putting politics first, can be found by examining the 24 hours before he decided to “suspend” campaigning and swoop down on the Capitol to save America from the Sunnis or the Shia, or whoever perpetrated all those credit-default swaps .
The obvious answer — and both the excessively genteel Obama campaign and a too-compliant press bear responsibility for it — is that the public doesn’t know who on earth John McCain is.
But apparently that’s nothing .
The killers’ domestic-abuse argument, though, didn’t save them from execution, because the papacy coveted the count’s property and wanted his heirs gone.
Zarak Khurshid, an analyst at Caris & Company, said the decline was caused by big sales of stock on Thursday by some insiders under prearranged plans.
This may allow Fisichella to take part in the second qualifying as he may be bumped up thanks to Raikkonen’s problem.
Steve Spagnuolo, the defensive coordinator, said: “I know he’s banged up, but everybody in the league is.
Credit card limits are getting cut.
The first was to never settle for the cards you’re dealt.
The attack left three members of the Frontier Constabulary and a local policeman dead, he said.
take a percentage of sales when toolbar users make purchases from about 300 vendors around the Web.
Although American stocks were extending a rally from last week, their gains paled in comparison with stocks in Hong Kong, Frankfurt and Paris, all of which rose about 8 percent.
“It is impossible for us to govern and regulate ourselves.
Fannie Mae shares fell $2.57, or 10.6 percent, to $21.70, and Freddie Mac shares dropped $1.50, or 6.7 percent, to $20.14.
Sarah says, “I’ve gone dark as a hedge.” She says, “Love solves nothing, but your love made me appear to myself.” She says, “Still walking in my socks around the house as though I wouldn’t wake you.” Grief is circular.
The beautiful qualities of her life shall endure forever in the hearts of those who loved her.
On Oct. 6, he went on the “Today” show on NBC (which, like CNBC, is owned by NBC Universal) and said, “Whatever money you may need for the next five years, please take it out of the stock market.
But for us it’s the simplest thing in the world.” I suspect the happiness scholars would smile at how Timothy Hsia’s sentiments about his first year of marriage so perfectly echo Sue Ransohoff’s tribute to her marriage’s 62nd year.
An administration official, speaking on the condition of anonymity because of security concerns, said that the best American information indicated that the Iranian effort had failed, and that the rocket or the dummy satellite or both had broken up.
He was good at portraying old, bearded men with soulful eyes, and a profile of a young girl is striking for her glowing blond hair.
“They haven’t been resolved, but they’re going to be resolved.” Negotiators for the opposition Movement for Democratic Change and the governing party, ZANU-PF, have jousted over an agreement since July.
Over the next year and a half she found other jobs with a property management company and at a car dealership, but the salaries never came close to her previous earnings.
From these modest statistics, some optimists have detected a sea change in Long Island attitudes.
The 32-year-old man, a computer maven, was on temporary assignment for an I.B.M.
From time to time with the portraits showing here, he prefers to shoot the figures from above or below eye level, but by and large, what you see is what you get.
And if not now, it soon will be, as both landfill prices and energy costs continue to climb.
But are the Gators ready to take back the SEC?
And instead of a full plan, the agency produced, by its own description, “a precursor to a plan.” Most of the major issues Congress ordered it to address — including how to house the poor and the disabled, how to house victims close to their jobs and how to manage large camps for evacuees — were left unanswered.
The Federal Reserve, confronted by deepening panic in global financial markets about a possible recession in the United States, struck back on Tuesday morning with the biggest one-day reduction of interest rates on record and at least temporarily stopped a vertigo-inducing plunge in stock prices.
Mr. Medvedev is also likely to attend the meetings for what would be his first substantive discussions with Mr. Bush.
He’d already done a tour in Iraq, and when the bills started piling up, he started thinking about serving in Afghanistan, where combat pay would be relatively high.
When Bess Foster entered the household, she ministered to both husband and wife.
Su was the longestserving trustee in The Parrish's history, as well as a dear friend.
“The commission has adopted a set of principles that protects consumers access to the Internet,” the commission chairman, Kevin J. Martin, told The Associated Press late Thursday.
Beijing authorities have announced measures intended to reduce the city’s air pollution by the Olympics.
According to the essential 1979 book, “Root Cellaring,” by Mike and Nancy Bubel, some items like cabbage and pears do best in a moist environment below 40 degrees (though above freezing).
“Ballast” doesn’t need to reach the sublime heights of “Killer of Sheep” to earn its rightful due: it’s a serious achievement and a welcome sign of a newly invigorated American independent cinema.
“Doesn’t it just say on it?” he snipped, still refusing to look at me.
(The male characters and the outside world are talked about but never seen; the action takes place exclusively in the salon.)
It is noteworthy that Mr. Ben-Yishai, one of Israel’s most honored correspondents, uses the word “documents” so consciously, since the film appears on the surface to be the opposite of a document.
At the end of March last year, for example, the professor’s index gave a bullish reading of 58.1, but the overall stock market, as measured by the Dow Jones Wilshire 5000 index, is 5.7 percent lower today than it was then.
, gonorrhea and hepatitis B.
“I am going to assassinate him,” Stephen exploded.
“They have very soft colors with a little tweak: magenta with acid green, peachy beige with brown, saffron yellow with lacquer red, bone with brown or slate blue.” Each rug incorporates woven symbols.
The result was a run of damaging stories and resignations that highlighted not the policy itself but the backgrounds of top campaign officials, including Rick Davis, the campaign manager, and Mr. Black, both of whom have long lobbying backgrounds.
The village itself is in transition, with tourism and a still-thriving vacation-home market causing some angst in certain quarters.
“I really want to emphasize to visitors the quality of the collection that we have here,” Dr. Neil said.
5:13 Churchill oddsmaker Mike Battaglia comments about the confidence of Big Brown’s trainer, Rick Dutrow.
You shouldn’t be against these things because everything that commercial culture tosses up is bad — it’s not.
It's open daily until midnight, as is the new Japanese gastropub nearby, Robata Bar (1401 Ocean Avenue; 310-458-4771; small plates $2.50 to $20).
“We can extrapolate backwards for the age of the object,” Dr. Green said.
The best United States-born centers are generally in the Wilt Chamberlain mold: big, powerful and effective around the basket.
One T-shirt shows a pair of sandals with the phrase, “Not all who wander are lost.” It would be fair to describe most of the brand’s customers as family oriented, and among them are a surprising number of educators.
Meanwhile, Peppermint Patty tries to help Marcie make Easter eggs, and Snoopy, above, helps Woodstock move into a mod bird pad.
“Normally when the Fed cuts rates, it stimulates demand for credit and housing,” Mr. Metz said.
In authorizing his own purchases, Mr. Kriss was following procedures under which board employees have operated for decades, Mr. Ryan said.
It’s one of those Kierkegaard moments, a “sickness unto death.” Asked about this, Don West, a local ski-jumping legend known for his long silvery beard, scoffed.
Yes, but this seemed a strange way to support Obama or Clinton or McCain.
In both Tibet and Xinjiang, indigenous groups have chafed at the arrival of large numbers of Han Chinese, the country’s predominant ethnic group, who have migrated to western regions with strong government support.
Demographers caution that it is too soon to say whether the increase is a blip or a trend, or to determine its causes, which may include changes in the economy, immigration and the availability of abortion.
“The issue of it potentially being viewed as art has complicated it,” said Patricia Diefenderfer, of the Los Angeles Planning Department.
“We have a contract with G.E.
The father of two children, he says he understands the concern of many parents and tries to avoid extremely graphic images.
Dec. 12 at 7 and 9:30 p.m. $37.50 and $50.
That’s what we did, and my kids have never liked cheesy pop music.” Ms. London also has the dramatic flair one might expect of a jazz artist.
On Monday, some Wall Street investors gambled that E.A.
In February, when Electronic Arts made public its takeover bid for Take-Two, E.A.’s chief executive, John S. Riccitiello, said it was essential the deal be done quickly.
Duchamp, he said, became his patron.
It was impossible to watch all those balls tumbling around inside the cage and not see them as the people in that room tumbling around inside, waiting to see who would be the lucky one to slide out and be blessed.
He is a half brother to 2006 Belmont Stakes winner Jazil and a three-quarters brother to 2007 Belmont Stakes winner Rags to Riches — all three are out of the dam Better Than Honour.
The survey was meant to provide a constructive way for patients to complain about arrogant doctors, crabby nurses and dirty or noisy hospital rooms.
More efforts to reassure the public came Thursday.
The bill requires legislators to set criteria to define what is “purely public charity,” a phrase included in many state statutes on charitable property tax exemption, in an era of nonprofit groups that charge for their services and receive only negligible amounts of donations.
Few people expect a direct assault but rather a mounting campaign of intimidation and fear, and the posting of heavily armed men at carefully chosen strategic points.
Matthew Sottong, the bureau’s director of surveys and research, said that far more employers — 8 percent in the survey — now distribute gift certificates, which workers can redeem for a turkey at a supermarket or deposit as a $20 credit in a bank account.
In July he triumphed with the Tchaikovsky concerto in the New York Philharmonic’s Central Park concert, playing with unflappable command and infectious energy.
“You’re hoping that something good happens, but you don’t really know,” Torre said.
At its annual meeting here, the association urged governments to roll back regulations that they argue are damaging the industry at a time when many carriers are in a situation it called desperate.
United Nations officials said he had deftly calibrated his tactics to a more guerrilla-style war, with his soldiers attacking in small groups that blend into the thick forest or the civilian population.
Lissa Wolfe, who works at a sailing school, owns a house in Red Hook and became a full member five months ago, said that the group had essentially been self-selecting.
Mr. Déby planned his insurgency while living in Darfur, just as Mr. Habré before him seized power from a base in Darfur.
In “Les Patineurs” at the Van Wezel Performing Arts Hall, the dancers are skaters (dressed in the early Victorian era of the ballet’s Meyerbeer score), and you see their torsos continually heave, sway, tilt and adjust, as they keep finding, losing and regaining their balance upon the ice.
It smells like fresh-cut grass.” The perfume is stored in Ms. Kilimnik’s refrigerator; she’s not taking any chances with its going bad.
After years of clashes with the remaining residents, the two sides reached a compromise: The department would issue a small number of new annual permits, infusing new blood into the community.
And “Hold U Down” is a different kind of crime-and-punishment track: a love letter from a free woman to her locked-up boyfriend.
The plane landed, the ransom was collected, the plane took off again and the hijacker — known as D. B. Cooper, certainly not his real name — lowered the aft stairs midflight and jumped out.
Asked about another matter, he leapt out of his chair beside a marble table and bounded over to his desk to consult his diary.
By midnight, Joe Biden and Chris Dodd had been chased from the race; John Edwards was all but literally on his knees; and the Clintons were trying, for the umpteenth time, to figure out how to remake themselves as the comeback kids.
“To that end, Yahoo has engaged in extensive discussions with Microsoft over the last several months, culminating in Microsoft’s decision not to pursue an acquisition of Yahoo.
“Whereas this, I could say: This is me.
Countrywide is owned by the Bank of America Corporation.
“This is a bubble in financial services that was very similar to every other bubble,” said Olivier Sarkozy, the head of financial service investing at the Carlyle Group, a private equity firm.
But Mr. Caton is pressing on.
Granted, building an audience online takes time.
There was a slight pause in the discussion, until the American ambassador, Richard H. Jones, stepped in, politely telling the president that society was more conservative here.
Last September, facing intense pressure from Democrats and even some Republicans in Congress, Mr. Bush announced that he would withdraw five combat brigades and two Marine battalions by July.
Here they amused themselves, evolving from one life form to another, until as humans they turned the planet into a “ticking time bomb.” The Prescription teaches them how to become sufficiently enlightened so as to fuse once more with the divinity before the Earth collapses.
Georgia’s decision to attack Russian and South Ossetian forces raises questions about the wisdom of further United States investment in the Georgian military, which in any case would further alienate Russia.
If my husband was out with her, what should I be doing?
Because, when it comes to our economic policies, John McCain has stood with President Bush every step of the way.” Mr. McCain’s campaign asserted that Mr. Obama’s efforts to increase taxes on wealthy Americans would deepen economic troubles.
Manhattan Theater Club has two Off Broadway stages and one Broadway theater.
Mr. Lorello, 54, has worked at the New York State Archives in Albany for 29 years.
He publicly reversed himself on his 2002 vote to authorize the Iraq war, and taunted Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton for her refusal to apologize for the same vote, hoping to appeal to a Democratic base that was increasingly antiwar.
...” He trailed off, tears welling in his eyes.
She was speaking at a vigil outside St. Dominic Church in Washington when the pope’s plane landed just before 4 p.m. Those at the vigil held a long vinyl banner with photographs of more than 60 children abused by priests.
“We do think student lending is an important business for us long term,” he added.
California led the country in number of properties affected by foreclosure moves, but was only fourth in terms of the percentage of homes affected.
If the Iraqi government would not pay the salaries, he said, the American military might supplement the base pay with stipends.
The museum — founded in 1899 and reputed to be the oldest children’s museum in the country — has long been a nexus of activity in the neighborhood, with local youngsters working there as volunteers and 250,000 people visiting a year.
The majority are not very well known, which is refreshing but means the standard of work varies considerably.
Bright said, because previous decisions in the case have been so close.
His arrival began what would become a thriving pinot noir industry.
That occasion is the Big Draw, which originated in England and on Saturday will have its third incarnation on this side of the Atlantic.
Ms. Keane, a retired health care consultant, decided to use her savings to buy and renovate a 12-bedroom house in southwestern Yonkers in 1998, after breaking up with her longtime partner.
LATE August is when most people look at their weedy vegetable patches and their beetle-infested roses and the poison ivy climbing through the smoke bushes, and throw in the trowel.
Now a new neighborhood is vying for attention on the west side of Los Angeles : the Marina Arts District.
Net income decreased to $2.95 billion, or $1,904 a share, from $3.58 billion, or $2,323, a year earlier.
“Friedlander is someone who reminds me of the pleasure of seeing itself,” Mr. Rosenheim said.
Will the home-field advantage be enough to swing the game in the Herd’s favor?
For real players, a Costco-size jug of King Cobra runs 11,500,000 dongs — over $700.
Jon Pareles writes that Ms. Badu's Vortex Tour was a visit to her eccentric pop cosmos, which encompasses silliness and hard-nosed realism, idealism and bawdiness, choreography and whim, R & B and hip-hop, funk and jazz.
The fajitas on the Plaza are hard to resist, what with the aroma wafting a good 2 blocks downwind.
In Akron, Ohio, where I was born and where most of my father’s extended family still lives, the dominant industry of the 20th century was manufacturing car and truck tires.
Nebraska went for John McCain by 15 percentage points.
Combining expertise in obstetrics/ gynecology, family planning, public health, and HIV/AIDS with ardent advocacy of women's health and human rights, Dr. Rosenfield improved and enriched the lives of countless men, women, and children around the world.
LATE in the evening on a mid-November Wednesday, when Union Square was dark and quiet, a mild-mannered, blue-eyed man named Eldon Scott stood near the bronze statue of George Washington with a surveyor’s wheel in his hand and counted out six paces.
For civilians and American and NATO forces, this year has been the deadliest since the Taliban were ousted in 2001, according to the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, which released its latest casualty figures on Tuesday.
A House Republican staff member had a similar view.
This is the history that turns otherwise rational heads in both Washington and Havana, as if the full moon had got to them.
As he once said, “surprise,” “shock” and “confusion” were the delight of his life.
CONAN O'BRIEN In a recent interview, President Bush says that he's already begun thinking about his farewell speech.
“I think nobody is in a position to react to these big macro-issues.
Asked why he stayed, Turner, who graduated in 1975, said, “Through my upbringing, there’s a work ethic and a mentality that you just don’t quit.” Turner’s father was an alcoholic who abandoned the family when he was 2.
But on Dec. 6, Mr. Mohammad’s fear of mass desertion came true.
Currently six are available, including one priced at more than $6 million.
And after the beating, he makes her perform a sex act on him.
Of course, that may well not be the end of it: in the last downturn, investment banks went through several rounds of layoffs over a two-year period.
Did I ever hear him make remarks that could be considered controversial while I sat in church?
There was the unwelcome presence at shows of one model’s booker with what seemed like a stopwatch, clocking the billable hours as they ticked by.
As a result, bottom-fishers like Mr. Buffett would be wise to remain wary of straying into deep waters.
Democratic Congressional leaders have said that they want to help the automakers and that they were heartened by the gesture of contrition that the executives made by driving to Washington — rather than flying on corporate jets, as they did two weeks ago — and by the more comprehensive plans submitted by the companies.
Today I am a genuine, often pleasant person, I do solid work for a reputable organization and have, over the breadth of time, proved to be an attentive father and husband.
Young, executive director of the Connecticut Division of Special Revenue, said he did not “discount the issue of the economy” in the decline of state slot machine revenues.
Top bankers were paid enormous sums for strategies that paid handsomely in the short term but saddled the institutions with piles of incomprehensible securities of dubious value.
The bearded Mr. Jimenez, dancing in a white suit and gleaming white shoes, delivered some of the softest trills with his feet I’ve ever heard.
The SportBand, available now for $59, consists of a waterproof wristband with a removable base and a small sensor.
He graduated from the University of Colorado and received an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago.
EDINGER--Lewis, on May 19, 2008, after a brief illness.
The problem was in its application.
In the real world of public policy and news accounts, the truth may be less clear than either side claims.
Beloved mother of Dr. Robert Licho (Margaret).
33 Another perfect long pass, Semin to Ovechkin, but his shot is wide.
The Beyond Tracks program, $180 a person, does not ski the entire descent to the city of Ogden; guides will lead experienced skiers and snowboarders down the upper portion of the Banana Chute before traversing back into the ski area’s boundary.
“At halftime, we talked about how we had to be tougher, get back and set our defense, and really take care of the ball,” Ohio State Coach Thad Matta said.
I wish I could say that everyone’s reaction to Max’s birth was as generous.
Such subtleties, though, make the rest of the program feel the more crude.
Some here also wonder how long the oil boom will last.
“Everyone here is thirsting for American brands, it’s that simple,” said Mehdi Mortazavi, who is helping create Friday’s, a restaurant in Tehran.
The deal was supposed to bring Yahoo $250 million to $450 million in additional operating cash flow in the first year.
Along with a higher-potency topical corticosteroid, that doctor agreed to prescribe antibiotic pills, along with a bacteria-killing ointment called mupirocin — which Sis was to dab up her nose.
Harvard leads the series, 89-54.
The $140 million project is to open in June.
“She was down-to-earth, someone who didn’t make a fuss no matter what they asked her to do — put her hand in a basket full of spiders or whatever it was.
A good finish is how the flavors mingle just perfectly; the butter’s sweetness offsets the bitterness of the lettuce and the acidity of the wine.
Just as Dr. Chandon had predicted, the trans-fat-free label on the crackers seemed to imbue them with a health halo that magically subtracted calories from the rest of the meal.
Perhaps they were worried that it would hit someone.
Zito struggled to find his comfort zone and at times the strike zone, finishing with an 11-13 record and a 4.53 earned run average.
“He doesn’t try to shift the numbers or slant the numbers to buttress his argument.” The numbers facing the campaign are foreboding.
“I’m fearful of these markets,” one wrote.
“They are talking about pants, and a jilbab that is open on both sides,” she said.
Ray Murphy’s art is dirty, dangerous and very, very loud.
The delegation, which was scheduled to leave Wednesday, was handpicked by Mr. Maliki, who went out of his way in an interview Wednesday to stress his independence.
They accuse Antares Mansions, Mr. Beninati and Mr. Cabrera of violating the offering memorandum terms by failing to repay investor capital ahead of other debt interests.
Furthermore, we might as well take advantage of this explosion of social entrepreneurship.
However, judging by the lukewarm reaction to the new lines, a combination of patriotic appeals and vague tributes to the Spanish landscape, Parliament’s endorsement is by no means assured.
“I’ve been in tougher situations,” he said.
“At this point,” Dr. Parker said, “this is a deduction based on a lot of information that we’ve had for many years and some key pieces of information that have only been uncovered recently by our lab and others.
“My son is going to get a degree — it’s just a matter of when, how and why,” Conley said.
The Navy said Saturday that the deal reached with the Natural Resources Defense Council and other groups required it to continue to research how sonar affected whales and other marine mammals.
He started 108 of the Yankees’ 121 games this season, but had been benched earlier this week, setting the stage for his demotion.
It blew us away.” Cardinal Egan said in a statement: “This magnificent gift will make it possible for Saint Brigid’s Church to be fittingly restored with its significant structural problems properly addressed.
“Working around the absence is much more interesting.
¶Qdoba Mexican Grill, Denver, owned by Jack in the Box, chose Amalgamated, New York, to handle its creative account, which had been at Morey Evans Advertising, Denver.
The abrupt change in plans by the Screen Actors Guild reflected fierce disagreements within it about the wisdom of seeking strike authorization during an economic recession.
Decades before Marjane Satrapi drew the first frame of her celebrated comic book memoir “Persepolis,” the Iranian satirist Ardeshir Mohassess, now 69, was making black-and-white drawings whose blend of humor and reportage made him a cult figure for artists and intellectuals in his country.
The International Olympic Committee could lose investments tied to the Wall Street financier accused in a $50 billion financial scam.
The Samurai Shopper is weaving her jumbled thoughts on organic cleaning products into a sage and sanguine worldview.
The seats are terrific and the materials are first-rate.
The season from April to June was remarkable.
Mr. Rockwell added, “Certainly the next few weeks will be extremely important in terms of the objective of getting this done by the end of the year.” Until now most of the attention had been focused on agriculture, with the United States under pressure to reduce farm subsidies and the European Union to cut tariffs on agricultural products.
The combination will also bring Microsoft relationships with a long list of publishers and advertisers, bolstering the company’s quest to become a leading seller of ads not only on its site, but on sites across the Web.
He does not easily exult, despair or anger: to do so would be an indulgence, a distraction from his goals.
The vacant space now borders a parking lot where hundreds of young people reveled to loud dancehall beats in the middle of a Sunday afternoon.
I’d like to say I know that this shift will be worth it in the end.
In the end it went for $6.3 million, more than double the high estimate.
That vaccine was developed by Merck, and Dr. Fauci’s agency helped pay for the Merck trials.
But he was a true comic spirit, hard-wired to upend any kind of complacency, and having been stirred up by Lenny Bruce, he was no longer able to restrain his angrier self.
I didn’t want to bleed.
Touch on the link to “pursuit of happiness,” and you are shown other documents in which the concept appears, like the Virginia Declaration of Rights, or where it does not, like Locke’s “Two Treatises of Government.” In keeping with its larger goal, the exhibition also casts a glance at more recent events, trying to show how the ideas in these foundational documents cast a long shadow: Jefferson’s edited copy of Lafayette’s draft of the French Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen in 1789 is here.
also holds weeklong “action camps” four times a year.
Having promised to root out corruption, the government arrested scores of politicians, including the heads of the two main parties, and banned all political activity.
Before he became the Big Show, the offensive genius and the quarterback guru, Holmgren taught history and mechanical drawing at California high schools in the 1970s.
Dedicated sister of Albert Pincus.
Late Wednesday, several senators announced that they had reached agreement on a bill that would provide pension relief.
The strategy has become wearyingly familiar to preservationists.
The police placed the value of her missing property at about $5,000.
THE Carver One may look like a car from the future, but the blueprint for a tilting three-wheeler is decades old.
Why have primary victories produced no momentum for the victors?
We’re prepared for that.” Hawaii is also prepared to defend against a heaping helping of runs between the tackles.
Mr. Chamberlain thrived in the bustling environment and was soon well known within the tightknit nightclub world.
And you might have wondered what was going on.
With prices now uncomfortably close to $60 a barrel, economists in Venezuela are expressing alarm over the government’s ability to pay its bills, including those for arms purchases.
Maclin was carted off the field with a sprained left ankle during the Tigers’ 52-42 victory Saturday against Illinois.
The divorce has been held up by the Knicks’ refusal to swallow Marbury’s contract and by Marbury’s refusal to accept less in a buyout.
No country in Europe has a fertility rate above 2.1, the number of children each woman needs to have by the end of her child-bearing years to keep a population stable.
The conservatives contend that the American and Canadian churches have broken with traditional Christianity in many ways, but their resolve to form a unified breakaway church was precipitated by the decision to ordain an openly gay bishop and to bless gay unions.
Ms. Baronova and Toumanova were 13-year-old pupils of Olga Preobrajenska.
Marie Warmbrandt Pembroke Pines, Fla., Jan. 16, 2008
“It’s a backward looking report.” The focus now is on what lies ahead.
The city’s parks department said that it had installed 77 turf fields since 1997 and that it planned on putting in 23 more.
The procedure showed that the infection was probably caused by an attempted deep muscular injection.
so far came when a staff member, responding to a request from the court, sent a legal interpretation that largely agreed with the position of the hedge funds.
Can a fictional “W.” inspire a re-examination of the life and times of George W. Bush, even as the nation finds itself captivated by Sarah Palin — and Tina Fey?
“I’m honored that I’m finally getting attacked,” Mr. Barkley said during a recent debate.
But he has not used such sharp language, and not in the Lower Ninth Ward during a presidential campaign with a phalanx of reporters and camera crews in tow.
“We never thought this day would come,” said Tony Jacobs , Dr Pepper’s vice president of marketing, according to Reuters.
She is the only coach in N.C.A.A.
“Ideally, I think we’ll buy new construction in Chelsea,” Mr. Lacinski said.
In addition, he says that quality control and efficiency of home brew usually pale compared with those of commercial refineries.
Christopher T. Dunn, the associate legal director of the New York Civil Liberties Union, called the appeal a “stalling tactic.” “It’s very disappointing that the N.Y.P.D.
... after law school, Mr. Froman and his wife, Nancy Goodman, moved to Albania, where they ran a legal reform initiative sponsored by the American Bar Association.
There may be some people that are into that.
Rather than recognizing the stark limitations of military power, Americans are promising again to remake the world.
But when he falls for a fetching college student (Mari Torii), her thoughtless response to his hesitant overtures (''Did you want to be born normal?'')
As the paramedics rolled me toward a waiting ambulance, a woman shouted, “Feel better, honey!” One month later, after successful surgery, I would learn that a dislodged piece of spinal disk, a little larger than a jellybean and the consistency of lobster meat, was triggering all the agony.
A single mortar shell was also fired from Gaza late Monday night and landed on the Israeli side of the border fence.
The main event is a set of seven paintings by the German Expressionist Ernst Ludwig Kirchner (1880-1938), produced from 1913 to 1915.
The covenants, which act as a template, restricted the C.D.O.
RED BANK Count Basie Theater “Beethoven!
NRDC bought Lord & Taylor in 2006 and has since purchased Fortunoff, the home furnishings chain, turning Mr. Baker, 42, into a major player in the retail world.
Oral presentations would be required.
Nesbit, who filed suit against StarCaps this week, already served a four-game suspension.
David Willenborg, a sales manager for a food manufacturer from Plano, Tex., said Thursday that Southwest’s lack of fees helps save his company money on top of the lower fares it offers for many routes that he flies regularly.
Nuclear missile launchers and columns of tanks rolled through Red Square on Friday in a display of martial hardware not seen since the Soviet Union’s waning days.
COBB--Nancy Goodwin, 89, originally of Hartford, CT, then New York City (1968-1993), died on November 25 in Delray Beach, FL.
It is the sort of conversation Brett Favre had with the former Detroit Lions president Matt Millen a few weeks ago, one that began with hunting talk, only to turn — as Favre suspected it would — into a fishing expedition for information about his old team.
Ms. Pankratz said she knew of no other convention-related case in which the Law Department is defending only people or groups outside New York City’s control.
Local leaders tried to help patch things up.
Then, in 1955, the Barrons crashed an art party in Manhattan for the wife of Dore Schary, the president of MGM.
The Bush administration’s Hope Now program offers to freeze interest rates for certain borrowers whose subprime mortgages were about to jump to much higher rates.
Many cleaning chemicals can kill or destroy tissues if swallowed; even mild soaps cause diarrhea .
“The grievances can be aired, and the power of that can be directed toward the ‘new creation’ that is portrayed in the Resurrection.” The whole controversy started, after all, with a minister, preaching, in a church.
But it does make you think: Wait a minute.
Dear brother of Carol McDonald.
He finally used attack lines that his strategists had urged him to use against Hillary for months.
What about those hopeless professors who have become addicted to these miniaturized wonders?
This page: Christian Lacroix embroidered antiqued gold leather coat, $10, 745.
(His memorably ad feminam review of Glück brings up another narrowness in “The Modern Element”: of the 30 poets Kirsch treats, only five are women, and only the three-page discussion of A. E. Stallings, a young formalist poet, qualifies as positive.)
Cross-border attacks into Afghanistan by militants based in Pakistan have increased while Pakistani counterinsurgency operations in the areas have dropped sharply, a military official said.
“We have a good deal of comfort about the capital cushions that these firms have been on,” he said.
At the bottom of the note he had written “goodbye.” My brother’s 15-year-old son was in the house.
Would you like to participate?” The Baggs listened as she explained that Pixies of Doom was a group of experimental artists who “design” compositions using everything from instruments to bodies to found sounds.
When Mr. Bush refused to withdraw the Bradbury nomination, the Senate’s Democratic leaders decided to stop processing other controversial nominations.
And as part of a smear campaign, the Volga regional television station showed Russian soldiers being beheaded in Chechnya and said the group had justified such killings.
He said he couldn’t stand up and would never move again, not ever!
“All those stage directions — it made my blood boil,” Ms. Shaw said.
(Eradication was an essential component of successful anti-poppy efforts in Guatemala , Southeast Asia and Pakistan .)
It was the most fun I’d ever had.
Graduate of Stuyvesant High School and Queens College.
This was evidently a reference to a slight elongation of the fly and a stylist’s trick of cinching the legs around the models’ ankles with bands of fabric — fairly safe stuff, even for the Citadel.
You want a beautiful, chic tote that carries your BlackBerry and your résumé.
12 Grapes 12 North Division Street Peekskill (914) 737-6624 www.12grapes.com GOOD THE SPACE Cool, contemporary redo of Susan’s.
“Local, smoldering conflicts, which are sometimes even called ‘frozen conflicts,’ will turn into a real military conflagration.” The conflict in Georgia flared on the night of Aug. 7, when Georgia ordered an attack against Russian-backed separatists in South Ossetia.
We disagree with your call for ending these funds.
As she watched Barack Obama’s victory speech, fielded exultant calls from Kenya and soaked up the jubilant noise in her Brooklyn neighborhood (Crown Heights, where, she said, some good citizens had taken it “upon themselves to broadcast the results in the streets”), going to bed was the last thing on her mind.
Mostly what it did, however, was make me paranoid about getting a sexually transmitted disease, despite our practice of safe sex.
“I want you to have a different career.” A Friend’s Anguish It was a Sunday afternoon in June, a few weeks after the two soldiers in olive uniforms had visited her house.
The Kremlin may be reluctant to do so because it wants Russia’s wealth to accrue to those loyal to the leadership.
At 8 p.m., Le Poisson Rouge, 158 Bleecker Street, Greenwich Village, (212) 796-0741, lepoissonrouge.com; $27.50.
And then there is “The Dark Knight,” which, safe to say, set no toes a-tapping on its dysphoric way to the biggest movie opening ever, tuneful or otherwise.
The Republican National Committee issued a statement on Wednesday invoking a questionnaire Mr. Obama filled out when running for Senate in 2004 to show that he once opposed cracking down on businesses that hire illegal immigrants.
Alpha, and please, please — Alpha gets desperate — “Write me back!
But Haskins pointed to more than the national implications of that victory.
He was last in the N.L.
He received a law degree from the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law at Yeshiva University.
It’s a tad worn, but the location and price are prime.
Avoid anything genetically modified, artificially created or raised with hormones.
Vernon, at 1:30pm, November 3.
Results from discontinued operations improved to a net loss of $3.4 million compared with a net loss of $192.8 million in the first quarter a year ago, reflecting the company’s departure from the subprime mortgage business.
Royal Birkdale needs it for protection, even without Woods in the field, and the fans have welcomed its coming.
When the god passed before them, the people gathered here lowered their eyes.
After a prolonged ovation for the Mussorgsky, like an eager kid, he cupped his hands to his mouth to shout out his encore: “Chinese folk song.”
At the Fairmont Vancouver Airport hotel, for example, travelers can check into a guest room at a day rate that starts at one-quarter of the property’s standard $399 overnight rate.
Using twin-tip skis, they have taken a sport that was headed downhill and literally turned it upside down with back flips and other aerial maneuvers.
To order The New York Times for your classroom, click here .
Takua Pa, the place is called, and a woman named Na (Anchalee Saisoontorn) calls it home.
No amount of bailout will keep these notoriously inefficient companies afloat.
The 0.16-acre lot -- fairly large for this peninsular beach community -- includes a private yard in back.
I think it shows that the spirit of freedom is alive among the millions of members of the NRA.
“Leave or die” notes began appearing on their doorsteps.
“We usually exchanged gifts with them today.
“You left this 7-year-old alone, and you did nothing.”
Retired Executive Vice President for First National Bank of Boston.
It raises sensitivities.” Babineau said he had not heard of any advertisers threatening to pull out because of the cover.
Officials in Colombia and Ecuador said the countries were restoring diplomatic ties at the chargés d’affaires level.
After meeting cute and somewhat cruel at a restaurant (he takes a number while she interviews another prospect), the two travel to downtown where, amid crumbing buildings, faded movie palaces and signs of new, gentrifying life, they walk and they talk, sharing funny and forlorn stories, histories and observations.
“You take Elvis Presley, B.
The fact that there were then six months when that happened is a measure of how extraordinary this housing market collapse has been.
She has split much of the last week between Puerto Rico and South Dakota, which holds the last primary, along with Montana, on Tuesday.
gave them the Sonics, in two years or less.
In the confused aftermath of the explosion that killed King, American snipers fired on a van that appeared to be fleeing the scene of the attack.
A revival of Samuel Beckett ’s classic play “Waiting for Godot” will arrive on Broadway in 2009, Playbill.com reported.
STATUS The first residential tower is to be done in September.
Before he could start a third, his amused spouse said, “Bill, you always like to try new things.
While the Web site offers users the option to deactivate their accounts, Facebook servers keep copies of the information in those accounts indefinitely.
He casually walked to the kitchen, picked up a pair of scissors, snipped the snake’s head clean off and stretched its open neck into a plastic cup.
And not just regular rain, but the vicious downpour that was warming up the island for Hurricane Ike.
Keeping up the programming momentum has not been easy, Mr. Barrett said.
The House overwhelmingly passed a bill that would give one-time payments to Filipino veterans who fought for the United States in World War II.
“The baddest thing in the world is losing,” Zach Randolph said while politely attempting to retreat into the safety of the locker room after practice.
The department, decimated by early retirements several years ago, has a management model based on the Soviet Union’s.
For the Olympic athletes, victories remain to be won.
There may be exceptions, but they are rare.
“Soft Parade: Selections From the New School Art Collection” features sculptures, paintings, photographs, prints and textiles by David Hammons, Joseph Beuys, Jim Dine, Buckminster Fuller, Felix Gonzalez-Torres, Robert Indiana, Mariko Mori and Kara Walker (through June 20).
He likened the daily saving process to “a kind of healing process.” “They’re seeing all this news media saying the value of your house has gone down, the value of your portfolio has gone down,” he said.
He is normally reluctant to make public pronouncements and when he does, he usually leans toward circumspection.
Calling attention to the Smithsonian’s unusual governance structure was the scheduled role of Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr., who serves as the Smithsonian’s chancellor and traditionally presides over board meetings.
In the past century, final solution and ethnic cleansing were phrases that sent a chill through our lexicon.
Our base established, Jean and I began to explore the Kona coast.
Tim Kaine of Virginia, and other names of varying degrees of plausibility.
Tenant: Columbus Circle Investors Tenant brokers: Robert Martin, Steven Greenbush and Amanda Bokman, CB Richard Ellis Landlord: W&M Properties Landlord brokers: Jeffrey H. Newman and Kathleen Caracappa, W&M Properties
WINIFRED WILKINS did not need numbers to tell her about the state of real estate in Connecticut .
“I’ve seen so many cases when they tried to fly for the first time and crash-landed,” said Mr. Harrison.
For example, you could buy a Toshiba HD-A3 and a PlayStation 3 game console (which can play Blu-ray movies) for $530.
His new government has been more willing to join the United States in applying direct pressure on North Korea over its nuclear activities.
“It’s a repeat of the same script.” In March, Mr. Anwar led opposition parties to their greatest gains in the country’s history, winning control of five states, including some of the largest and wealthiest in Malaysia.
Visiting Thursday 6:00-9:00pm at the Edward D. Jamie, Jr. Funeral Chapel, 208-17 Northern Blvd., Bayside.
October sales in Neiman’s specialty retail segment, which includes Neiman Marcus Stores and Bergdorf Goodman, were down 27.6 percent, in contrast to an increase of 7.8 percent a year ago.
Campaign Money Watch, a watchdog group, produced a spot focusing on Mr. McCain's involvement in the Keating Five scandal, in which Mr. McCain, of Arizona, was accused of improperly exerting influence on regulators on behalf of Charles Keating, the high-flying financier and campaign contributor whose savings and loan collapse cost taxpayers $2 billion.
The snow sifted through the dome of light cast by his lantern.
But Mr. Robinson’s hefty build also contributes to his big, sonorous bass voice, with a strong, slightly steely top and a sepulchral bottom.
Gretzky played in the 1998 Games in Nagano, Japan, where N.H.L.
Please call 1-800-938-6372 for additional information.
The redesign of the gallon milk jug, experts say, is an example of the changes likely to play out in the American economy over the next two decades.
“I just hope it lands on its feet.” But to do that, Chrysler needs to find partners — and fast — to fill the holes in its lineup, Mr. Casesa said.
When Andrew chooses a college, he will weigh how basketball fits in.
If it didn’t have conflict, he didn’t want to write it.” In 1988, the federal government forced Mr. Murdoch to sell The Post because he had bought a television station in New York, WNYW-Channel 5 (five years later, he reacquired the newspaper out of bankruptcy).
Some Internet service providers say they want to end their all-you-can-eat plans because a few customers with immense appetites for Web content are overwhelming the networks and slowing the delivery of news and entertainment for everyone else.
“One of the central points of the opinion was that the reasons that people bought light cigarettes were highly individual and that this kind of case can’t be resolved in a class context,” said Mr. Grossman, a partner at Jones Day who represented the R. J. Reynolds unit of Reynolds American.
A simple fairy tale — albeit with a perverseness that no Disney executive would permit — “CJ7” finds Mr. Chow in a Chaplinesque mood as Ti, an impoverished widower caring for his young son, Dicky (the 9-year-old actress Xu Jiao in her debut).
Maybe this was just a fluke.
When Farrar, Straus published the novel, it announced a first-print run of 1.5 million hardcover copies.
The Supreme Court also agreed on Monday to hear a third criminal case, this one concerning whether a passenger in a car stopped for a traffic infraction may be subjected to a pat-down search.
And finally, the court-appointed trustee overseeing the liquidation of Mr. Madoff’s brokerage firm has announced that he will send out the first mass notification to customers of the firm by the end of next week.
Such a switch in intended occupants is becoming a familiar local story.
needs is competent management, discipline in the ranks, more effective risk-benefit balancing, a commitment to permitting patients to assume more responsibility for the risk of medicines, and the banishment of politics from regulatory decisions and policy.
But a minimum of one.
By Friday evening, the checkpoints were gone from the Trinidad neighborhood, leaving residents to ponder the city’s actions after nearly a week of intense police attention.
He loved the alcove studios, starting around $350,000.
At the Utah State Championships in early September, Tana Christensen cheered on her husband, her 10-year-old son and her 5-year-old daughter.
Brothers, some may find my words fantastic.
He has to shake Putin’s hand.
Gone is the earlier book’s attention to pottery and textiles.
That’s one reason the big gambling companies are feeling this economic downturn more than they have in the past.
“I really use the subway.” Mr. Quinn originally opposed his daughter’s entry into politics.
HAWKS 97, CAVALIERS 92 Mike Bibby scored 24 points as host Atlanta ended Cleveland’s 11-game winning streak.
However, he later told me that he was not managing his time properly, causing him to have less time to study.
There are other questions waiting to be answered as the studios roll out their summer slates.
Will the financing keep pace?
Carson led all players at intermission with 12 points on 5-for-6 shooting.
If we don’t speak up, we are cowards and accomplices.
His last HBO special, “It’s Bad for Ya,” was broadcast in March, and like all the others, was an enormous hit.
Or at least it felt that way if you were willing to close your eyes and take a ride with Hollywood’s marketing mavens and those who help them along in the media, old and new.
It is not quietly being built at the skirt of the pyramids.
Kevin Thomas Cusick Dix and Dr. Jeffrey Tod Shelton were joined in civil union in Danbury, Conn., Saturday.
Hovering like a dark cloud over her narrative is a little running shoe company in Oregon started by Phil Knight, a man every bit as ambitious as Horst Dassler.
That would be a big economic stimulus, worth nearly double the original “investment.” Congress intended Mr. Paulson to use some of the bailout money to prevent foreclosures.
Ms. Berry is on the board of the National September 11 Memorial and Museum Foundation.
General admission: 67.50 Canadian dollars, essentially the same in dollars.
What’s needed in Afghanistan is an Afghan solution, just as Iraqi solutions have contributed so fundamentally to progress in Iraq.
Because I relish complexity, I chose psychiatry — it’s more complicated than neurology.
But he said the report had made findings helpful to his clients’ contention that their own actions, at least, were lawful.
Isn’t that great?” she said dryly.
Candidates, their staffs and the various hangers-on have already switched from galoshes to knee boots in New Hampshire.
But there are also floral, herbal and sweet flavors.
NEW LONDON Garde Arts Center “Movin’ Out,” musical featuring the songs of Billy Joel.
The threat of pickets wrecked last month’s Golden Globes ceremony.
“I think the elderly people connect this with the past in Poland , in the ’80s, the queues,” said Melanie Kucharska, 21, wearing black boots, jeans and dangly earrings, and braving the throngs to sift through the latest delivery with a pair of friends.
Over the coming decade, the foundation may also grant another $200,000 a year to causes of Mr. Mogae’s choice.
Although the accompanying charts focus on the United States, similar things can be said in most markets.
Both he and the prime minister, Yousaf Raza Gilani, condemned the attack and repeated their determination to deal with terrorism with an iron hand, the state news agency, The Associated Press of Pakistan, reported.
Balanced against this high-minded goal was another.
They still register as fragmentary, even unfinished: several tracks flesh out the same idea, layering the washy hum of Mr. Reid’s ride cymbal over a faintly industrial throb.
Making his case for lightening up on the sector, he turned to geometry, not economics.
Those by Norman McLaren, an early innovator in the genre, move from geometric shapes to cartoonlike drawings of animals, umbrellas and parachutes.
The signing of Roberson will give the Knicks 16 guaranteed contracts — one more than the maximum — including six guards.
“I can challenge it,” said Ms. Krueger, who sued the Senate, unsuccessfully, to change the policy.
Other instances of strange names include some that stayed the same for consistency, like the Los Angeles (nee Minneapolis) Lakers and the Utah (nee New Orleans) Jazz.
Mr. Hassan, an AK-47 on his lap, spoke tearfully on Monday about his father, Hadi Hussein al-Issawi, and the split within the Issawi tribe to which he belongs.
In his big interviewwith Bush for this last book, Woodward asks the president to pinpoint the moment he decided to change his war policy and approve the surge.
The advocates have been pressing world leaders to boycott the Olympics or at least skip the opening ceremonies to protest China’s violent crackdown after riots in Tibet and its support for the government of Sudan, whose Darfur region remains enmeshed in violence.
Bill Demong of the United States finished fourth.
While some of these movies, like “Beaufort,” deal with the political and military issues that are a constant preoccupation in Israeli life, others promise a glimpse at other aspects of that country’s complex history and present-day reality.
The images are moving and disturbing, but if they do not lead to an effective response, they are used in vain.
Adhamiya was such a magnet for sectarian bloodletting that the military built a wall around it to contain the violence.
The specific allegations made by the S.E.C.
Cunningham was born on a farm near Boothbay Harbor in Maine and died in St. Augustine, Fla., where he ran an art and antiques gallery.
But there’s bound to be some weird weather somewhere, and we will react like the sailors in the Book of Jonah.
It was not always so.
Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. outlined the plan to nine of the nation's leading bankers at an afternoon meeting, officials said.
Sept. 22 at 6:30 p.m. $15 to $22.
The tattoo parlor, opened two years ago in what had been the basement storage room for a sneaker store, drew notice recently when Michael Mineo , a 24-year-old body piercer there, accused the police of sodomizing him in a Brooklyn subway station.
This month, for instance, he said her decision to nationalize more than $25 billion in private pension funds was premature and would only create more doubts among investors about the stability of Argentina’s investment climate.
For insecticide resistance genes and their costs in mosquitoes, see Lenormand, T., Bourguet, D., Guillemaud, T., and Raymond, M. 1999.
Mr. Ernst, the most physical of the four, does a funny bit as an inferior skater in a roller rink.
The drug is safe, Ms. Levine’s lawyers said, when administered by intramuscular injection or by intravenous drip.
Works by Francis Bacon have been big sellers at auction recently, and Christie’s sale of postwar and contemporary art here on Monday was no different.
They founded New Century in 1995, and KPMG became the company’s auditor.
There, hanging on metal hooks from the ceiling, was the carcass of a freshly slaughtered 150-pound boar.
In the 49er class, every boat capsized, and the RS-X sailors — the windsurfers, many of whom had lost weight in preparation for Qingdao’s soft breezes — found themselves airborne.
“Life at the springs is a perpetual festival,” an 1850s guidebook said.
The air thickened and darkened and moved up the island chain.
As I watch this mélange of DNA, the unforgettable taste of that long lost kishke-in-the-tulips suddenly rises up through the decades, clogging my throat until I must race into the big backyard for some cool fresh air.
She graduated summa cum laude from Emory and received her law degree from Harvard.
“You have usage of the front of your house.” “It’s nice, it’s beautiful,” he added.
Investors were somewhat optimistic during Monday’s session that mergers and acquisitions, which have been sluggish since the credit crisis began last year, might be reviving.
“The beauty of the N.F.L.
That concept works for baseball stadiums, Heinlein said, because baseball is a leisurely summer sport in which fans “get up, they mosey around.” But football, he said, “is a gladiator sport” better presented when a big crowd surrounds the rectangular field.
“For optimal brain gain, regular tea breaks” are the way to go, he writes.
It’s fear that Ms. Churchill leaves us with.
The area feels removed from modernity in both distance and time — only 96 people live here, with some residents claiming lineage back to Napoleon’s mother.
He leaves behind his loving wife Beatrice, son Louis, daughter Mindy, sister Sylvia Moscot and numerous nieces, nephews and dear friends.
Might the building allow an atrium, if not a terrace, to be built just off the bedroom?
The practical demands of earning a living force many of us to put money over meaning.
She mines the qualities of Virginia that the play smartly includes, making her more than the familiar cardboard feminist heroine.
The beef was supplied by three processing companies: Pierre Foods of Ohio, Maid-Rite Steak Company of Pennsylvania and Silver Springs Farm of Pennsylvania.
The correct form is to run with palms open and arms bent at 90 degrees.
He turned to Mr. Wopat to discuss their other favorite subject: cars.
“He needs a big win in a major; getting to the quarters is not going to do it,” said Brad Gilbert, who coached Roddick to his 2003 United States Open title and is a television analyst for ESPN.
But the Eagles and Journey are the first two major acts that have released albums of new material that are available at only one retailer.
“So I thought, ‘What would happen if I could walk properly and get a relaxed, centered workout in a city like this?’ ” Last January, Ms. Wu and her husband, Rob Gilson, signed up for private walking classes with Jonathan FitzGordon, a yoga teacher and owner of Yoga Center of Brooklyn.
He has also said he will enhance the military’s presence in Afghanistan.
“Silver gun.” “He shot me,” he told the rapt courtroom.
Jo would stay at work until 6.” They agreed to share chores at home too, but their varying definitions of “done” soon made things unequal.
Last April, the state Legislature rejected a proposal to build a $500 million arena in Renton.
You bet with cold reason, not your heart.
For Amiina, Electrelane and Plastiscines, fashion assistant: Sophia Hesketh; hair: Roku; makeup: Lotten Holmqvist at Untitled.
“I don’t think it was a good move on Huck’s part,” Mr. Place said.
All of which is to say: check with the lecturer.
One was even romantic: apple crisp à la mode for two.
They met while Parker was on a recruiting trip to Duke.
It provides all the practical things that can help prop us up above the morass of our insane callings, not to mention something we can wave at the world like a badge.
If inducted, Run-DMC, the trio from Hollis, Queens, consisting of Joseph Simmons (Run), Darryl McDaniels (DMC), above, and Jason Mizell (Jam Master Jay), who died in 2002, would be only the second hip-hop act in the hall, following the induction of Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five in 2007.
Attacks that claim problems concerning forced sales, liquidity troubles and regulatory crackdowns make it hard to do business.
In the 1944 painting called “The Broken Column” she depicts herself weeping big tears, her body split open, her spine a shattered monument.
Since then, our default attitude toward the economy has been to believe that, one way or another, things will work out.
He has also managed to make his characters entertaining, and the play is laced with sly humor.
When asked how the manuscript came to him, Mr. Berès answered, “Through the door.” Summing up Mr. Berès, Mr. Wyer said, “An exceptional mind, exceptional taste, exceptional connoisseurship.” Mr. Berès’s farewell auction offered countless examples of that taste, like his first edition of “Les Paradis Artificiels.” It was Baudelaire’s own copy, with the author’s notes in the margin.
Theodora Skipitares is the adapter, designer and director of this one, in which she imagines the Greek sorceress as a little girl with magical powers, in a production involving puppets of all sizes.
The remaining $175,000 would have to be depreciated.
Pierce says he has forgiven Roy, but he hasn’t forgotten.
“I get more compliance from the boys,” the school’s athletic trainer, Dwayne Owens, told me.
Many historians have assumed that Europe’s deadliest plague, the Black Death of 1347 to 1351, killed indiscriminately, young and old, hardy and frail, healthy and sick alike.
If there’s any hope for entrenched racism to be undone, we need politicians brave enough to bring this topic back into our public consciousness.
Horton Plaza, which opened five years after Santa Monica Place, is a multilevel shopping center without a roof.
While Legg Mason set aside almost $2 billion in the past six months as a buffer against losses in three of its money market funds, its downturn for the quarter was also attributable to $26.3 billion worth of investor withdrawals over the last year and poor performance at its funds, including Legg Mason Value Trust.
After an occasionally quiet regular season, Rabil has taken over in the playoffs — he averages more than 3 points a game in front of crowds of 10,000-plus fans.
She still moves gracefully but her flowing hair is gray now.
(Final prices include the commission to Phillips: 25 percent of the first $50,000, 20 percent of the next $50,000 to $1 million, and 12 percent of the rest.
Their two sons stood by her side, wide-eyed.
It looks as though it has been dusted with snow, even in summer, and some visitors have thought it has been painted.
Brazil was a recent example of success offshore.
Merrill is trading near its lowest level in a decade.
The interior face-lift is to be completed by Jan. 31, in time for a February opening.
The original files are so big that they can be difficult to view properly on a screen.
“This is the driving science,” Dr. Wang said.
Yossi Sarid, a former cabinet minister, summed up the feelings of many when he wrote, “Perhaps only his closest aides and a few personal friends will wipe away a tear.” But it turns out that there are others who deeply regret Mr. Olmert’s departure: many in the nation’s peace camp.
Through an agreement between the sellers, the McCormick family of Manchester, Vt., the recreational leases associated with much of the property, common among large privately owned forestlands, will continue for several years.
John H. Schulte Miami, Sept. 22, 2008  To the Editor: Brent Staples was brave to bring to our attention the racism inherent in opponents’ attempts to characterize Barack Obama as elite and arrogant, and to lampoon his glamour and celebrity.
TRADESCANTIA PALLIDA ‘PURPLE HEART’ Two-foot stems the color of beets branch into boat-shaped leaves that cup tiny pink flowers.
And playing ball.” Then Officer O’Connor went back into the basement of the church to share a meal with the firefighters.
At a recent night match here, the Mumbai Indians were defeated by the Deccan Chargers, but fans in the packed 55,000-seat stadium kept cheering — for the away team, no less, and its star batsman, Adam Gilchrist, an Australian.
“The unfortunate thing is it singles wind out with a task force and gives an additional place for Nimbys to go to,” she said.
The city of Buenos Aires has recently begun requiring foreign buyers to pay a stamp tax equal to 2.5 percent of the purchase price.
CHARWAT--Alice Werner, 73, died on September 29th, 2008 of lymphoma.
“If they’ve got some evidence of a high-ranking public official involved in violations of federal criminal code, it may not be unreasonable for them to pursue it,” he said.
He was carrying a black-and-white plastic sign for parties of two, harking back to a time when waits for a table could last hours.
There was a real feeling of how lucky we are to be living in America.
He had been granted leave to attend his grandmother’s funeral in the Dominican Republic and to make a brief visit to Queens.
The Weavers are staying at the Super 8 Motel.
He was, of course, referring the the information revolution taking place over the Internet and through the broadband lines.
Manufacturing now accounts for about one of every 40 jobs in the city, down from almost a quarter of all jobs in the mid-1960s.
Membership in the club is not included in the price.
Mr. Heineman said he and the Legislature would review “whether we are offering the services we need.” Legislators have pledged to revise the law immediately after they convene for a regular session in January.
At the start, it had a consulting chef who brainstormed ideas, helped write the menu and then moved on, leaving the execution to lesser mortals.
And it would be better for his political prospects not to become a Senate insider, which could saddle him with the kind of voting record that has tripped up so many senators who would be president.
I assumed the ludicrous screen name Athena (my favorite sysprog called himself Apollo), while Megan’s handle was cooler: the doors.
Federer advanced after Novak Djokovic retired, trailing, 6-3, 3-2.
FRONTIER(S) Opens on Friday in New York; Los Angeles; Boston; Philadelphia; Denver; Detroit; Phoenix; Seattle; and Austin, Tex.
Two balls followed, and Crystal adjusted his batting gloves.
(“Nobody ever calls me,” he said at the end of the afternoon.
PAGE B5 CHAINS LOOK TO BUILD GREEN Gardens on the roof, baseboards made of plastic left over from diaper manufacturing, power-producing wind turbines: a race is under way among stores and fast-food restaurants to build environmentally friendly outlets.
Ms. Dickens, who represents central Harlem, holds a key vote on the rezoning because City Council members traditionally follow the lead of the council member who represents the district where rezoning has been proposed.
To the Editor: Re “Tax Exemptions of Charities Face New Challenge” (front page, May 26): The alarming effort by government to go after its much-needed partners in the nonprofit sector is both shortsighted and wrongheaded.
In November 2005, Mr. Ajmi was one of five Kuwaitis released to the Kuwaiti government.
It began at the moment Mr. Obama declared his candidacy, when he abruptly uninvited his pastor from delivering an invocation, injuring the older man’s pride and fueling his anger.
New choreographic voices are rare in ballet, and the collaborative’s contribution in this respect has been vast already.
And the handsome, grieving young widower, sure he’ll never love again.
It was about a fundamental shift in power — sophisticated manufacturing capacity, know-how and capital — that the United States, emerging from its own preoccupation with two wars, is just beginning to appreciate.
Benjamin Brafman, Burress’s lawyer, said Burress planned to plead not guilty to both counts.
The suggestions are applicable year-round, but are particularly timely now that many homes are opening up for the holidays.
On the last afternoon of lunch at the shop, she was feeling down, and the children were too.
His government has also unfairly limited election observers.
The first painting has the added jolt of crazed, spidery flings of intense blue, and the second has a predella of the Nativity.
His father is the editorial page editor of The Rutland Herald in Rutland, Vt., and won a Pulitzer Prize in 2001 for his editorials on civil unions for same-sex couples in the state.
For a long time, you had a crowded field and that helped a lot.
The city’s Department of Buildings issued a citation for failing to safeguard the public and property to Tishman Construction Corporation, which is managing the renovation project.
So I think it will hopefully help us prepare for this week.” The Giants keep stumbling into the middle of such debates.
Richard Horowitz, 84, is beginning his 63rd season with the Metropolitan Opera , where he plays timpani, also known as kettle drums.
But the reason is that the very rich pass along assets that cannot be quickly and easily sold — real estate, art, significant holdings in hedge funds or private equity partnerships.
When Chopin played his E minor Piano Concerto in Warsaw in 1830, other pieces were inserted between the first two movements.
After a distinguished worldwide career, she retired from the faculty of West Virginia University in 1978.
It guarantees more than half the mortgages in the country.
Under the proposal, Medicare would pay bonuses to groups of doctors who met certain performance measures.
He was Professor of History at Rutgers University, New Brunswick, NJ.
Many also focused on the role of “Saturday Night Live.” “The line between politics and entertainment has become almost fatally blurred now, and I am uncomfortable with that,” a reader wrote.
It’s an all-about-me type thing, and ‘I can make my own decisions.’ There’s a lot more independence with these guys saying, ‘I read this on the Internet’ or ‘I saw a guy drain his ear,’ when you should be in a doctor’s office when you’re starting to get a deformity.”
EAST VILLAGE TOURS.COM Saturday at 1 p.m., “Gangsters, Murderers and Weirdos,” meeting at the northwest corner of Second Avenue and Houston Street, Lower East Side.
Mrs. Graham offered to buy out Carter Burden, the principal stockholder, who held 24 percent of the stock.
Stand on chairs, walk to a new spot, walk up close to interesting objects.
Any screening is best done by doctors sophisticated enough to recognize and treat only what really needs treatment.
If we stop calculating the cost per quantity and begin considering the cost per nutrient value, the demand for higher-quality food would rise.
Spending so much time on other people’s work reflects a populist instinct, but sometimes it wasn’t called for.
And how brilliantly he assimilates color opposites, mixing together hot colors like orange, yellow and red with cold whites and blues to give the paintings added zing.
He predicts this year’s total will end up even lower.
The Roundabout Theater Company revival will star Christian Hoff (“Jersey Boys”) as the cocky title character, who ditches his girlfriend to take up with Vera Simpson (Stockard Channing), a rich, married older woman.
Mr. Nocella, who had previously served as the finance chief of a troubled Philadelphia thrift institution, was one of his top lieutenants.
“I’m basically a secretary, but right now, anything goes.
Despite trading Johan Santana to the Mets and losing Torii Hunter to the Los Angeles Angels in free agency, Minnesota continues to battle the Chicago White Sox for the A.L.
Yet the market declined again late on Friday.
I’m not suggesting the assets are terrible, but they have collateral.
Adjusting to life after prison has been amusing (automatic flush toilets), confounding (text messages) and encouraging (African-Americans in management jobs).
In its annual report , the company disclosed that the commission had begun a formal investigation of fees and expenses charged by its broker-dealer subsidiary.
Eugene O’Neill Theater, 230 West 49th Street, (212) 239-6200.
Over a dinner of American Kobe beef cheek ravioli, a crab cake double stuffer and, for good measure, mustard-rubbed organic chicken, Ne-Yo explained that his passion for music underpins his eclectic pursuits, which he said “can be both a blessing and curse.” “Why’s that?” Mr. Carter asked.
Were the governor to be convicted of a felony, he would be required to resign.
So he abandoned the state to compete in the lightly contested caucus in Nevada.
Outdoors are three decks, including one that faces south with ocean views, and three patios, one of which has an outdoor fireplace.
Mr. Fawcett estimated that residential real estate costs 2,500 to 3,000 euros a square meter ($339 to $407 a square foot) on average in Italy as a whole.
Given Costa’s allergy to clutter, the doors to the wardrobes and pantries were made flush with the walls, concealing them in the process, and the light fixtures and speakers were similarly recessed.
“It’s true that I feel at last like No.
It was the biggest realization at that age — that both points are completely valid and should be supported.” Once it dawned on her that she might want to follow in her grandmother’s footsteps, Sarah gave up her plans to pursue science and instead majored in French and business at Emory University, disciplines she thought would be more helpful for a life devoted to the arts.
In his career, Wright is 11 for 19 against Penny, with 4 home runs.
It is a military zone sealed off by Russian military checkpoints, a land broken by roaming bands of looters that operated behind the Russian Army and made eerily empty by depopulation caused by flight.
Mildly engaging at the start and finish, with a burst of clever, comic invention in the middle, and fine performances by Audrey Dana and Dominique Pinon.
NOW he’s at college where he has found a happy community of jocks.
“The government is the gatekeeper of information to the defense” was the way Judge Sullivan put it Thursday in berating Ms. Morris.
For months there were hints and winks about Mr. Bloomberg’s running for president as an independent.
Thick-cut chips (call them fries at your peril) are lovely with malt vinegar.
One out later, Lester pumped two fastballs past Longoria.
Ellen Kirby Winston-Salem, N.C., June 18, 2008
Mr. Parker awarded 2001 only 88 points, even though he gave the individual bottles 95 for the ’03 and 92 for the ’01.
But what he called “a resurgence of religion and fundamentalism worldwide” made him reconsider and create “To Be Straight With You,” which opens on Thursday as part of the Peak Performances series at Montclair State University .
Speaking to reporters earlier this month, Mr. Bloomberg said a gas-tax holiday was “about the dumbest thing I’ve heard in an awful long time from an economic point of view.” He added, “We’re trying to discourage people from driving, and we’re trying to end our energy dependence.” A spokesman for the mayor, John Gallagher, said that the extra money being pocketed by the city in gas taxes as prices go up is not nearly enough to offset the slowdown in revenue from commercial real-estate transactions and profits on Wall Street.
“It is a grave offense to our Catholic population.” Alois Lageder , the museum’s president, said the decision to continue to display the statue was made to “safeguard the autonomy of art institutions.”
I'm still very fond of the Clintons.
SUNS 103, SPURS 98 Amare Stoudemire scored 22 points and four other Phoenix players scored in double figures, giving Terry Porter a win in his coaching debut.
New Jersey officials quietly went back to court.
In March, the Justice Department and the F.B.I.
Both the drought-tolerant and the comparison plants were turning brown and shriveling, and they were about three feet shorter than the lush green irrigated corn growing nearby.
Now he, too, was ready to die, saying he had even found a coffin for $150, said Ms. Rose, who is an Air Force veteran herself.
And you know, there were some of us that stood up two years ago and said, we've got to enact legislation to fix this.
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. $12 and $20.
Doheny, a rapacious brute, seduces press and public with a carefully cultivated persona that Mr. McCartney describes as a “kindly old Irish uncle with a twinkle in his eye and a good-luck gold piece hanging from his vest chain.” Hays skulks and slithers.
It is newcomers who were born abroad, including those from Latin America settling in New Brunswick and Perth Amboy, who are spurring the county’s growth, the statistics show.
Only for very large amounts of gas can gravity overcome the pressure and the star start to form.
I take the two hotel-bathroom-sized bars, and he immediately retreats into the darkness.
Frank O’Loughlin, who pastored migrant workers in South Florida for decades.
Every conservative I talk to is saying: ‘This is going to be great for you guys.
Instead, it was the end of his college career.
Since he downloaded the software patch, he said has had fewer dropped calls, but network connections remain sluggish.
Lawyers for the defendants say the charges are baseless and have questioned the reliability of statements made by the informants, including one who the authorities say was paid by law enforcement.
“Oh, we have the ball with under a minute to go and we’re down by four points — we need good luck.” “Well, good luck,” Mom said and started to leave.
Right now, Apple sells all tracks for 99 cents.
After an amaryllis flowers, it is best to allow the depleted bulb to be replenished by its green leaves in at least four hours of sunlight a day, then let the bulb and roots dry out in the fall and store it in a cool, dry place for 8 to 10 weeks while the new flowers wait inside the bulb.
''They had a little harder time keeping it moving,'' she said.
He was predeceased by his father, Novitas R. Moser and his mother, Ruth Patrick Moser; he is survived by his wife of 18 years, Patricia McNamara Moser, his children, Jordan Chase, Nathan Gale, Alexis Leigh and Lillian Ruth Moser, his sister Gwendolyn Irene Moser and his former wife Susan Vasey.
Iowans in politically active neighborhoods where 100 people show up may find their vote is worth only 1 percent as much as, say, Carl’s.
The bar has been raised, and it’s going to be even better next time around.”
“Pessac-Léognan is very local — it’s meaningless.” While the south, which retained the name Graves, has struggled to establish an identity, its dry white wines can be good, too, and even superb.
It did not come easily.
“He asked me if I knew Mr. Feldtmose.
Herzog cites this as an example of “hedging,” but it’s actually a bold break with orthodoxy that you would think she would applaud.
I am a new nurse, and recently I had my first Condition A.
Light crude closed down $3.69 to settle at $121.41 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange after it appeared that Tropical Storm Edouard would not threaten oil and natural gas production in the Gulf of Mexico.
At times there was also a taste issue: “Two for Juan,” from Mr. Cobham’s checkered 1980s output, would have been ghastly even without the ragged tempo shifts.
Tobay Beach in Massapequa has long been known for its picturesque bayfront, fringed with grassy dunes and a playground, making it a popular summer destination for families.
The BBC reported that the two-hour show took a political turn when, in a lead-in to a remixed version of “Like a Prayer,” a video sequence showed flashing images of destruction followed by pictures of Hitler, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe and then Senator John McCain .
Sprint flirted this year with SK Telecom of South Korea discussing among other things a partnership, according to people apprised of those talks.
“I really don’t think at the operating level the companies are that different when it gets right down to it.” Inside Yahoo there are roughly three camps of employees, in terms of attitudes about the takeover, he said.
The bone-marrow transplant he had undergone the day before that birthday was not successful.
His request for public money, in which the government matches campaign contributions, was made last year as the campaign was running out of cash.
Matisyahu is less concerned with a musical heritage than with a religious one.
Two hours later we pulled up to a little 1880s farmhouse perched on a steep slope by the edge of the road.
It doesn’t look as if things are getting any better anytime soon.
The vitality and humor that blazed through Alexander Payne’s comic masterpiece “Election” are entirely missing from this polite, detached documentary in which there are no highs or lows.
Tensions were high Sunday in the divided city of Mitrovica after an unidentified man approached a police station in the city’s Albanian section on Saturday and opened fire, wounding an officer.
Market research is a snapshot of the past.
SUNS 110, CAVALIERS 108 Shawn Marion dropped in a baseline floater with 1.1 seconds left for his only field goal, and visiting Phoenix made a season-high 17 3-pointers.
The argument is that organisms with a deleterious mutation rate above a certain threshold must reproduce sexually.
It was won on Tuesday by State Senator John H. Adler of Cherry Hill, giving Democrats an eight-to-five majority in New Jersey’s United States House delegation.
Investigators who announced a hot line number on Friday were seeking witnesses and hoping that test results to the baton and the radio antenna would offer some answers.
Mr. Alvarez is scheduled to go on trial next month in federal court in Los Angeles for violating the Stolen Valor Act of 2005 , which makes it a crime to lie about having received certain medals.
Asked about their cars over the past week, many New York representatives offered environmental rationales, some more persuasive than others.
“We can compete with them any day of the week.” Before the game, the Red Sox received an encouraging sign when the slugger David Ortiz had the cast removed from his left wrist and replaced by a removable splint.
If people have been questioning whether the iPhone is a business tool, the integration with Exchange “takes the issue off the table,” he said.
Mr. Bloomberg and his allies have called influential ministers to ask for their support.
This year the debuts weren’t from complete unknowns.
These faster and more nimble boats are deployed to attack and hijack commercial vessels.
Her mother, Irene Muriel Sherman, was the granddaughter of John Carter Brown, the philanthropist and bibliophile whose book collection formed the basis of the John Carter Brown Library for research in history and humanities at Brown University.
Luc Pez, an analyst who covers metals and miners at Oddo & Compagnie in Paris, said the Rio Tinto announcement was “not very surprising, given the focus on reducing debt after BHP abandoned its offer.” Rio Tinto is struggling to reduce debt of nearly $40 billion, most of which stems from its purchase last year of Alcan.
“I have equated it to pouring a glass of water in the ocean and expecting it to make a difference,” Mr. Shelby said.
Coca cultivation surged by almost 30 percent last year in Colombia, which still provides 90 percent of the cocaine found in the United States.
The Friars (13-11, 4-8 Big East) are winless in their last eight against the Panthers (19-5, 7-4).
Shortly after his inauguration, Mr. Sargsyan signed a decree appointing the central bank chief, Tigran Sarkisian, as the country’s new prime minister.
On Sunday, parishioners at Mass were told that the archdiocese had removed Monsignor Harris from his parish and priestly duties while it looked into complaints by two people that he had sexually abused them about 20 years ago.
Government is really the only alternative.
The Jets led the St. Louis Rams by 17-0 after the first quarter and by 40-0 at the half.
“Gay people have kind of created their own families,” said Todd Hosfelt, who lives in San Francisco and runs art galleries that bear his name in that city and on West 36th Street in Manhattan.
relies on accurate data so it can identify trouble spots and fix them before they contribute to a crash, he said.
The current Garden, which opened in 1968, announced its plans for the building upgrade in April.
The phenomenon is known as “blowback,” in which some fragments of glass that has been broken by a bullet fly straight back toward the gunman.
The building is being promoted as perfect as a second residence for “privileged international and domestic residents and visitors,” and offers a “lifestyle management service” to perform tasks like making introductions “to key personnel at popular restaurants and private clubs.” I have gone through all the stages of grief for the loss of my quaint old view and the genteel town house.
Lisa Emery brings the complex character to life in a polished production that moves backward and forward in time (2:00).
In that first year of a baby’s life, who doesn’t want to capture that darling baby on film and in pixels, looking, well, darling?
I’m not even going to be irked by automatically flushing toilets that flush before you’re done, “hot towels” that are just wet, automatically activated faucets that never activate, congealed risotto, the prodigious capacity for getting tangled of cords for iPods and computers and cellphones, backpacks with wheels, rolling backpacks being rolled by adults, voice-mail hell or the middle-aged trying to sound hip about the Web.
But infected dead birds began showing up early, and human cases quickly followed.
When it came to rooting for sports teams, I gravitated toward expansion teams.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the public school district in East Brunswick, N.J., was not violating the constitutional rights of a football coach when it prohibited staff members from participating in student prayers.
It has suggested in the past that could include selling parts of the business.
The 16-mile-long river of ice, 3,000 feet deep at its center, was fed by the endless snows falling on the two-mile-high ramparts of the Aletschhorn, Jungfrau, Munch, and adjacent peaks.
As BMX racing makes its Olympic debut in August, the sport hopes to capitalize on increased exposure in Beijing, buoyed by the return of Kintner, a former world champion.
“I hope this will go much faster,” he said.
But some say the Swiss rate is so high because few foreigners are granted citizenship.
He held them to no runs and two hits for seven innings in leading the Phillies to a 6-2 win.
But Argentina, Brazil’s economic and political archrival, decided to share the agricultural windfall at home.
Tonight one of the largest Canadian TV audiences of the year will scurry back from their refrigerators and bathroom breaks during the first intermission of Stanley Cup final Game 4 to absorb the words of Don Cherry.
Mr. Olmert, the object of several investigations alleging that he took money illegally while mayor of Jerusalem and industry minister, called Ms. Livni to congratulate her and promise his full cooperation.
The pushrod V-8, it seems, has some life left in it.
“Their initial patriotic joy turned to embarrassment.” Nationalistic decisions are bound to happen, said Alan Nevill, professor of biostatistics at the University of Wolverhampton in Britain.
When he visits her in Seattle from his condo in Pennsylvania, he asks her a very American question: “Will this make you happy?” Urging Ruma not to isolate herself, to look for work, he reminds her that “self-reliance is important.” Thinking back on his wife’s unhappiness in the early years of their marriage, he realizes that “he had always assumed Ruma’s life would be different.” But if his daughter chooses a life in Seattle that she could have led in Calcutta, who’s to say this isn’t evidence of another kind of freedom?
Now, with the Detroit auto companies scaling back charitable donations after a slump in car sales, Toyota, which expects to earn $5.5 billion worldwide this year, has emerged as an alternative source of money, even though it is experiencing the same slowdown that has hit American carmakers.
“This is probably the biggest hailstorm that hit New York,” Ted Furber told the senator about the mid-June turbulence that ravaged the area.
A mounted deer’s head keeps watch in the rustic dining room, though venison is absent from the menu of Polish standards.
The filmmakers don’t bother to plumb the depths of this revelation, poking about Bun’s existential turmoil and whatnot.
Over all, the number of construction permits for new buildings or major renovations issued by the Department of Buildings has soared 23.3 percent over the past five years, rising to 86,915 in 2007 from 70,515 in 2002.
The federal government had also sought to extradite Mrs. Tollman, 77, who in 2003 was charged separately with tax fraud.
Anchorage residents share the municipality, which covers more than a million acres and includes some 360,000 people, with more than 300 black bears and 50 to 60 grizzlies.
He was convicted of fatally shooting a policeman and a civilian, Danny Haran, then smashing the head of Mr. Haran’s daughter, Einat, 4, killing her.
The notion of Gaza as an enduringly separate entity is solidifying, making it less likely that Palestinians might agree even among themselves on peace with Israel.
For instance, over the last decade, the A.S.P.C.A.
They’re using Play-Doh extruders to make pixelated sugar cookies .
The new reports are part of a broader bid by the city to improve the ways teachers are recruited, trained and measured.
However, without getting off their yachts.)
Or until you learn about her galling manipulations of the people who believed her.
In Broward County on May 31, deputies completed a “drug takeback” in which $5 Wal-Mart, CVS or Walgreens gift cards were distributed to 150 people who cleaned out their medicine cabinets and turned in unused drugs in an effort to keep them out of young people’s hands.
Mr. Lacey said the suit filed by himself and Mr. Larkin against Sheriff Arpaio and the county officials was necessary because the sheriff continues to restrict access to information to The New Times and other news media.
Shortages of wheat, electricity and gasoline have affected all sectors of society.
“But we’re earning our money today.” For the jockeys and the horses, the heat posed different problems.
GERANIUM The chefs Rasmus Kofoed and Soren Ledet, the award-draped owners of this elegant year-old restaurant, must really like smoke.
She’s a devoted daughter, wife and mother who has lived the American dream, from the humble South Side of Chicago to Harvard Law School.
The right appetizers, bulked out with good bread or crackers, can cover a multitude of omissions.
When he decided to buy PeopleSoft, he simply announced that he was starting a hostile bid.
As I boxed my collection of rubber-band balls, I felt fortunate that I was ready to enter the next act; at least I had the finished manuscript.
After our McEvoy visit, we had done it: We had sourced an entire meal of ingredients fresh from the farms that grew them.
Did you start taking acting classes?
His time was the sixth fastest in the world this year.
At least five other people died; one of Store’s media officials was gravely wounded.
PATRICK McGEEHAN HOME SWEET OFFICE Sonesta International Hotels no longer needs to pay $100,000 a year to rent a home in Florida for its executive chairman, Roger P. Sonnabend, but it is still paying rent for his home office in Boston.
It effortlessly resists the years, equilibrates itself perfectly and renders more beautiful everything it touches.
That’s not to say there aren’t militia wackos hiding in the hills, trading toxic nonsense about Obama’s secret Muslim past.
The two payments, $411.06 apiece, were recorded on Jan. 14, 2008, although it is unclear what nights were covered, or whether Mr. Spitzer stayed at the hotel.
On the men’s side, Igor Kunitsyn upset Marat Safin for his first ATP Tour title.
By limiting Duhon to a two-year deal, Walsh also avoided adding salary beyond 2010.
So, it's time to say, no, the observers were not biased -- just because they could frankly be defending their own political careers and the way of life they have so carefully built and cherished for years.
The foreign player issues if very hot at the moment — Inter have very few Italian players.
Shortly after taking over the Pentagon last year, Mr. Gates ordered a broad review of its intelligence operations and of the Defense Department’s relationships with other spy agencies.
Nobody saw him for weeks.
Detectives were trying to piece together the events leading to death of the student, Kevin Pravia, 19, who was to begin classes in his sophomore year at Pace University on Wednesday.
But even if McCain himself hasn’t been swept up in the online revolution, his notion of reform seems attuned to the moment.
But if there is any question how important it is to the future, consider this: the Writers Guild of America effectively shut Hollywood for three months recently when it went on strike after demanding a greater share of new-media profits from producers.
He doesn’t have one, but he does expect to play professional baseball on his 50th birthday.
The creation of a policy, Porcelli said, would provide the school with a uniformed way of dealing with the issue in the future.
That would have been a neat trick, to be among the missing twice.
I was wondering if you could weigh in on this.” I’m not a lawyer, so I can’t give a definitive legal answer.
Alcohol has three major properties that can lead to problems, according Mr. Foster: it attracts water; it can evaporate; and it acts as a cleaner.
A translucent deck lets sunlight through to the life below.
“The little stores are hurting as more and more people opt for the convenience of one-stop shopping and better prices they can get in large-scale stores,” he said, “and it’s only going to get worse.”
One is taking place in poor countries, which have long tended to concentrate their social services on building universities and hospitals for the urban middle class — a group with substantial political clout — as opposed to primary schools and clinics for the voiceless rural poor.
Ted marvels that names like Kylie didn’t exist when he was young.
Olson has had more off-court problems than on-court success recently.
The production, by the Actors Company Theater, resurrects this droll Alan Ayckbourn comedy from the 1970s to near perfection, thanks to spot-on timing and delicious understatement by everyone involved.
But because I’ve been in this arena, it gives me a leg up on putting together things.” The majority of the search committee, which included legislators, law enforcement and court officials, agreed that Mr. Thakkar not only had experience but strong interpersonal skills, which include a wide smile and a calm temperament.
His new sneakers are made from hemp and natural rubber.
THE SECRET OF THE GRAIN Abdellatif Kechiche’s long, warm, bustling couscous epic, set among mainly second-generation North African immigrants in a sagging French port city, is both the best family drama in a year filled with them and the best of a dazzling and diverse crop of French movies released in America in 2008.
He graduated from the University of Redlands in Redlands, Calif., and received his M.B.A. from the University of Virginia.
Mr. Grotell last worked for the city in 2004, when he was deputy commissioner of transportation; he is now an aviation consultant.
Julie Ertel and Matt Reed, two American triathletes, arrived in Beijing the day before the opening ceremony and stayed for two nights, sometimes wearing masks outdoors, before returning to their training camp in South Korea.
Now that the game is out, Take-Two may well have entered discussions with Electronic Arts and possibly other suitors who covet the Grand Theft Auto franchise, but Take-Two has declined to comment on whether such discussions are taking place.
Ms. Musabih’s personal advocacy made her work even more startling.
In the Olympics room, fans will be able to hold a javelin, hammer and shot-put.
Central Park had its dangerous days, to be sure, but restoration projects and cultural programs administered by the Central Park Conservancy since its founding in 1980 have brought it a long way.
Dr. Kröpelin said he hoped to return to Lake Yoa next year to drill a core that could trace the climate history back 12,000 years.
“For the Moon’s craters I like to use kids, because they disappear behind the adults, who are mountains,” Mr. Francis said.
Mr. Canoy said shareholders were seeking answers to lingering questions about Mr. Kerviel’s superiors, who the former trader has said were aware of some of his positions and even encouraged them as long as they earned money for the bank.
You have served the public interest well by reporting on the vulnerabilities of the elderly to the machinations of individuals and corporations to defraud them.
“This season I’ve now had 22 control tests.” NIGERIA Another athlete not making it to Beijing: Nigerian footballer Joseph Yobo.
Shortly before the caucus, Mr. Tancredo became the first candidate to quit the campaign, evidently fearful that he would not even attract a respectable protest vote.
(The Lanny McDonald story is priceless.)
“That’s Bruno S.,” Ingrid said excitedly.
“Can Dundar opened the gates of an ivory cage that we have locked ourselves in,” Mehmet Ali Birand, a journalist, wrote in the daily newspaper Posta.
During his tenure as commission president, the county sold more than $2.9 billion in municipal bonds and entered into $3.5 billion in bond swaps.
The McDonald’s All-American game is Wednesday in Milwaukee.
“The college admissions process is an initiation rite into adulthood,” says Dr. Kenneth Ginsburg, adolescent medicine specialist at Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia and author of books on teenage stress and resiliency for the American Academy of Pediatrics.
“There’s an absence of racial cleavages that hang over politics here,” said Joseph Lowndes, an assistant professor of political science at the University of Oregon.
States have lost revenues from capital gains taxes and bonuses that have evaporated, and growing job losses have reduced state income taxes while draining unemployment funds.
Mr. Reid’s critics say he can now be accused of playing politics with the nation’s economy, and of clinging to partisan differences at a time when voters across the country are clamoring for collegiality and cooperation.
Mr. Stevens has said that he paid one subcontractor hired by Mr. Allen $130,000.
So many people know so much about New York life that each detail must be spot-on, note-perfect.
Moreover, Blackstone's liability is capped at $37.9 million.
Visitors have found the Grange jammed between a six-story apartment house and St. Luke’s Episcopal Church, its formal front facade abutting the church and all but invisible.
He also wants to speed up NATO membership for Ukraine, a step that would certainly infuriate the Kremlin even more than NATO expansion and Western support for democracy advocates already have.
Since then, we’ve seen asset values fall throughout the economy.
But according to a report by the Minnesota Department of Health, the ladies of Salem Lutheran Church didn’t do everything right, from a food-safety perspective.
There was a flock of sheep here in the park until the middle of the 1930s, and this was the woolly fellows’ fold, until old man Moses — that’s Robert Moses the master builder — ordered them out to Prospect Park.
“I call him Mr. Saturday Night because he pounds people into submission on Saturday nights,” the assistant Andrew Theokas said.
They also mention that Mr. Clinton is eight years older, has endured major bypass surgery and has become accustomed to the more free-form and improvisational style that his globe-trotting postpresidency has allowed for.
Both would expand coverage by a combination of subsidies for families and employers and the creation of public and private programs through which Americans can buy affordable coverage.
When unexplained seizures soon followed, he began treatment at Walter Reed in 2006.
To the Editor: In “Seeds of Destruction” (column, May 10), Bob Herbert raises serious questions about Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton’s decision to play the race card as her candidacy for president nears its end.
For much of the movie’s first half, Sarah seems to be a climber and a two-timer, cheating on her devoted, unglamorous boyfriend and then ditching him for an oversexed celebrity.
The director of the Sierra Club in Hawaii, Jeffrey Mikulina, has a name for smart ideas — like a proposed law to require solar water heaters in new homes — that wither in Hawaii’s risk-averse climate: “inertiatives.” Still, Ted Liu, director of the state’s Department of Business, Economic Development and Tourism, says there are lots of reason to believe that the energy future has arrived.
Tomcat called for a second rally, four days later, and about 1,000 more extremists were met that time, across police barricades, by 3,000 antifascists, including the beleaguered Hungarian prime minister, Ferenc Gyurcsany, and the former German chancellor Gerhard Schröder.
Meantime, while an impasse between Connecticut and New York continues over the federally approved Islander East pipeline, a planned capacity expansion of the Iroquois pipeline, which also has federal approval, would deliver 200 million cubic feet of natural gas from Connecticut to Long Island as soon as October.
It turns out there are a lot of these loosey-gooses around.
AS captivating as the temples of Angkor may be, Cambodia’s scorching sun, gritty air and pot-holed roads inevitably take their toll on even the hardiest travelers.
MODULAR homes, which are manufactured in a factory and then delivered to a building site and assembled there, are nothing new on Long Island .
They’re very placid and calming.
They feature news, weather, Hispanic-oriented content and PBS programming.
As for human hearts, the best-case situation would be to obtain them from cadavers, remove their cells to make a scaffold and then inject bone marrow, muscle or young cardiac cells from a patient.
“Because of the animosity between Iran and the U.S., this is the best way to keep our resources and forces occupied.” The government grew so concerned about drug trafficking that it spent $6 billion in 2006 to build a wall 13 feet high, with barbed wire, and a trench 13 feet deep and 16 feet wide along a third of Iran’s border with Afghanistan.
Stewart won in 10.80 seconds, the best time run this year.
But now comes the chance for redemption.
They know how to play in those situations.''
While both Democratic candidates have called for renegotiating Nafta, the president stood behind the pact.
“It didn’t surprise me,” Owens said of Peterson’s being named M.V.P.
Democratic officeholders, most of whom embraced Mrs. Clinton before Mr. Obama began gaining ground, were apparently less persuasive.
Having four entrees, including the porterhouse and the chicken, that require the participation of more than one diner is too much, especially when one of those entrees, braised beef shank, requires the participation of at least three.
Of his 31 victories, 28 have come since Woods’s arrival and 13 have been with Woods in the field.
That is why there was no protesting inside the Mets ’ clubhouse after Johan Santana shut down the Washington Nationals in a 7-2 victory Wednesday night to snap a three-game skid.
It is getting harder to schedule business conventions.
Kozol interviewed Hearst five times, concluding that she was a product of an unhappy childhood, resentful of her wealthy socialite parents and disenchanted with her fiancé, with whom she lived before being kidnapped.
“There is no stable matter, and as in Buddhism, there is no stable anything,” muses the director Peter Sellars , as he reflects on the implications of splitting the atom in Jon Else’s enthralling documentary “Wonders Are Many: The Making of Doctor Atomic.” The composer John Adams expresses a similar sense of awe when he declares that the purpose of art is to take something you see every day and say, “Look, look again.” The British-born American physicist Freeman Dyson, one of the film’s most articulate talking heads, explains that science and art express the same urge to “take the watch apart to see how it works.” The film follows the creation of “Doctor Atomic,” the lofty operatic collaboration between Mr. Adams and Mr. Sellars, before its world premiere at the San Francisco Opera in October 2005.
PAINE--Roberta ''Bobbie,'' 82, of Rockport, MA, formerly of NYC.
Both sites will be incorporated into the Slate Group.
This is a run that gets crowded on a weekend afternoon, so early is better.
The absurd spectacle of rich white conservatives trying to paint Obama as a watercress sandwich with the crust cut off seems ugly and fake.
China’s overall favorability ratings have slipped over the past year, and China is seen by many as ignoring the interests of other countries and is faulted on matters related to the environment and human rights.
“Headlines and Exonerations” (Aug. 17) is a pretty pusillanimous approach to the issue of uncritically publishing “leaks” from official or quasi-official sources.
Ban Ki-moon, the United Nations secretary general, has called for a multinational stabilization force in Somalia to pave the way for United Nations peacekeepers who would eventually deny the pirates safe harbor.
CAFÉ ATLÁNTICO 405 Eighth Street NW, Washington, (202) 393-0812.
“They had wonderful polish and style,” Mr. Flórez said.
In the meantime, D’Antoni is trying to change a team culture warped by seven straight losing seasons and endless controversy.
If the manic symptoms persisted, they might need to consider lithium — not ideal for a child so young and something both Axelson and Marie said they hoped to avoid.
A tape of the Clemens phone call was played by Clemens and Hardin at a Jan. 7 news conference.
“We get paid to write good disclosure,” Mr. Auerbach said.
The names of the dead and injured were not released.
That threat has been embedded in the Turkish psyche, and is the root of a conspiracy vivid in the minds of nationalists, but baffling to outsiders, that has Europe and America secretly plotting to divide Turkey.
At first, the movie worked its magic.
workers who took a buyout is more than triple the acceptance rate at Ford, where 4,200 of 54,000 workers took deals offered as part of a similar program.
Pash is negotiating with Walsh’s lawyer, Michael Levy.
And statistics show that the Surrogates’ Courts have not been inordinately corrupt.
“I was Westernized, but I was never comfortable — it did not feel right,” she said.
As an energy analyst at Citigroup, Tim Evans, reportedly put it, trading commodities these days is like “sticking your hand in a blender.” Whatever the case, oil analysts like Mr. Murti have suddenly taken on the aura that enveloped technology analysts in the 1990s.
An 18,000-page declaration submitted by North Korea to the United States is stirring debate about whether American intelligence agencies previously overstated how much plutonium the Pyongyang government might have produced for its nuclear weapons program.
Start at the Old Town Mexican Café (2489 San Diego Avenue; 619-297-4330; www.oldtownmexcafe.com ), where the “tortilla ladies,” visible through giant windows, can be seen frantically hand-rolling corn and flour tortillas, some 7,000 on a busy day, the restaurant says.
But our favorite is what is billed as the world’s largest hedge maze, located in Wahiawa, Hawaii.
“Unfortunately, we couldn’t sustain it for the whole 40 minutes.”
When she was named an assistant managing editor in November 2006, Ms. Glasser was praised by Mr. Downie as “one of our most talented and visionary journalists.” Several Post reporters who spoke about Ms. Glasser on Tuesday said they agreed with that description, and that Ms. Glasser, while often demanding, recognized that newspapers had to think more imaginatively in an era of declining circulation and the rise of the Internet.
Died Wednesday, January 30, 2008 after a long illness.
“We were pleased where things ended up.” Numbers for the upfront markets are hard to come by.
Navy blue or charcoal gray, I understand, but black?
It took another week, but if that is what it takes to get a renovation finished, so be it.
It turns out he has a lot to say, but you have to push, as if he’s not sure you really want to hear it.
In both populations, susceptibility appears to be heritable .
However, I’ve won the event seven times.
“Nobody supports terrorism, but there are different ways to counter it,” Mr. Iqbal said.
I was very fresh going into the weekend, and this 36 holes was a real battle.
Opened in 1940, Snowbasin is one of the country’s oldest ski areas.
This site-specific installation originally at the Davis Museum and Cultural Center at Wellesley College took the form of pink, green and yellow wallpaper bearing definitions of terror and terrorism, as well as disposable cups, plates and napkins printed with the words “ ‘Terrorism’ is not indexed in Arabic dictionaries.” Dictionary definitions have found their way into Ms. Amer’s stitched canvases, as in a quartet of pastel-colored paintings from 2007 that expound on the Arabic words for security, peace, freedom and love.
“Watch out for Iriomote mountain cats crossing,” reads one road sign with a drawing of the mottled wildcat.
The children wear exquisite geometric patterns in stylish shapes and colors.
“Talking babies have been done before,” acknowledged Tor Myhren, chief creative officer at the E*Trade agency, Grey New York, part of the Grey Global unit of the WPP Group .
Centrally located and with stylish rooms, El Para?
The government watchdog agency did not say which was the best plane.
In the other semifinal, Anna Chakvetadze defeated Amélie Mauresmo, 6-3, 3-6, 6-1.
Nearly two decades ago, July 31, 1989, the Mets made a similar trade with the Twins, acquiring a Cy Young award winner for five young players.
Francine Baras Diane Graszik New York, Feb. 6, 2008 The writers are, respectively, the executive director and an associate executive director of Future Voters of America.
“You can’t put the toothpaste back in the tube.” Mexico’s conservative government has rejected renegotiating Nafta.
More and more, though, I find myself drawn to high school football and its enticing aroma of peanuts and cigar smoke and the earthy smell of a field mowed and lined for autumn.
The $4 billion in sales has been generated in large part by the game's core, most passionate audience: school-age girls.
Children, it will have been noted, play a fraught part in these men’s lives, and soon it’s clear why: for we also come to meet, in awful flashbacks to 1990, Connor Walshe, a glue-sniffing 15-year-old schoolboy and petty criminal who, with a child’s need for human affirmation and a child’s incomprehension of risk, acted as an informer for the British authorities — then disappeared, permanently.
Several of Mr. O’Doherty’s friends read poems.
Charles Aziz Bilal, one of the imams at the meeting, said that his mosque, Masjid Al-Hamdu Lillah, on Sutphin Boulevard in Jamaica, was broken into on Feb. 14.
It rolled in and settled once the energy had been sucked out of the building, once the Milwaukee Bucks exposed the Knicks in every department.
That is a drop of nearly $150 billion, an amount much larger than the value of the tax rebates the government has sent to households this year in an effort to spur economic activity.
He was so successful at using the relatively limited office of the state attorney general to redress the regulatory failures of the federal Securities and Exchange Commission that he was swept into the governor’s office in a landslide.
A little later she left a votive candle with a bouquet of white roses at the shop window.
The gearbox is from a Toyota diesel sold outside of North America, and about six months after the Evora’s release, a six-speed paddle-shift automatic will be available.
The co-chairmen were obviously selected to appeal to the various groups the Democrats are trying to bring on board — young people, blacks, Hispanics.
Directed by Mr. Pontecorvo, it starred Yves Montand as an embattled, impoverished Italian fisherman.
But Mr. Wright said that they had been “almost ready to put their plot into practice.” “The disaster they contemplated was not long off,” he said in court on the first day of the trial, after the jury was sworn in Wednesday.
Rhode Island’s most vulnerable citizens would pay the price.
A vast and mighty milestone for Frank Williams today as he celebrated his 600th race in Formula One.
Though it took effect on Tuesday, the Agriculture Department gave retailers six months to comply with the new law.
With what Bill has done, in terms of having to make adjustment after adjustment, change after change, and yet still perform at a consistent level, two West Coast trips, with back-to-back games, I think it’s almost like how much do you want to throw at a guy?” The Patriots typically thrive at this time of year, having compiled a 50-10 record in games on and after Thanksgiving since 2001.
The exhibition, which opened in 2006 and will run until January, then move to the United States if the library can find a suitable host, was mounted in part as a gesture of gratitude to the Yeats family.
The offer is not a swindle, nor is it a return to the insanity of the early days of the dot-com boom, when retailers practically gave away goods in order to attract buzz and customers.
When the shooting stopped, he said, he heard final words from Mr. Bell, a man Mr. Guzman called “S.” “Do you remember what you said?” asked Charles A. Testagrossa, an assistant district attorney.
He won 44 games and lost only 8 between 1951 and 1953.
The prosecution is expected to focus on sexual violence, charging that Mr. Bemba’s fighters gang-raped women of all ages in public places, infecting many of them with H.I.V., the virus that causes AIDS.
Sherritt International, a Canadian natural-resources company, has made major investments in nickel mining and oil.
Would Favre really play in Chicago?
This bad-boy-meets-good-girl 1950s spoof has all the flavor of week-old, prechewed gum.
So the prospect that “the curse” might be a source of stem cells to sustain life was a surprise to some experts.
It was really a task to beat her.” Although Serena hugged her older sister at the net and was gracious during the ceremony, this defeat was clearly a major blow.
Since then, though, as with many neighborhoods, the rate has been falling and driving rents back up.
Through the dancers’ movement and simultaneous dialogue with our audience, we will explore our expectations of city government.” I have no notion of how those six dancers explored those expectations.
The group, which works to improve the quality of life for children and families in the Harlem neighborhood, employs several hundred people in full- and part-time jobs.
This is optimistic at best.
They were glimpses into a faceless corporate world the public had never been offered before.
For the successful establishment of retrogenes in the genome (including the acquisition of regulatory elements, and their sometimes deleterious nature), see Vinckenbosch, N., Dupanloup, I., and Kaessmann, H. 2006.
“The analysis tells us that this is a very strong risk factor for autism, increasing the risk by ten- to a hundred-fold,” said the study’s senior author, Mark J. Daly, an assistant professor of medicine at Harvard and Massachusetts General Hospital.
When Gen. Eric Shinseki , the Army chief of staff, challenged that strategy in a February 2003 Senate hearing by calling for “several hundred thousand soldiers,” Mr. McCain did not speak up in support.
“It was his best game,” Coach Greg Schiano said.
Until December, Kenya was known as an anchor state in East Africa, and it remains a base of operations for extensive aid efforts in some of its more turbulent neighbors, like Somalia, Sudan and Congo.
4, where he hit a driver to the front edge and holed the putt from about 18 feet.
daughter, sister, friend 6/3/49 -5/4/06 remembered, cherished, loved forever.
“It’s important to do it before they fall seriously in love, because then it will be too late,” he explains.
Farmers are shackled to the land — “like slaves,” one European official says — and forced to grow cotton through a complex system of debts and obligations.
Its oversight in Xinjiang, though, is especially vigilant because it worries about separatist activity in the region.
 One benchmark they can use is a current campaign with that purpose from Goodby, Silverstein.
Not long ago, both Mr. Kilmer and 50 Cent stopped by the Noble Savage, a downtown bar, where they welcomed the director Oliver Stone and the crew that had just arrived to make “W,” a dark comedy about the 43rd president of the United States.
If “Gossip Girl” is a hedonist’s “Gidget Goes Hawaiian,” “Sarah Connor” is “On the Beach.” The series (Mondays on Fox) is an outgrowth of the “Terminator” films, the first of which appeared in 1984 during the twilight of the cold war and the third and most recent two years after 9/11, with a hiatus during the Clinton years, when annihilation anxieties were relatively (and happily) out of vogue.
If it does not, an election will be called.
On June 13, Sony Pictures Classics, one of New York’s wilier distributors of independent films, plans to open its little comic thriller “Baghead” with a splash.
It actually started well, on Kau Sai Chau, an island off Hong Kong , where I stood on a rocky hilltop overlooking the South China Sea and talked to my wife back in Maryland , static-free, using a friend’s Chinese cellphone.
Ms. Palin came out against the measure just days before it was defeated.
He works at Kessler’s headquarters in West Orange, N. J.
According to reports in the Japanese news media, Mr. Kato told the police that he had grown tired of life, “hated the world,” and had gone to Akihabara to kill people.
Mr. Obama’s campaign ultimately responded by releasing a thick dossier of bullet points disputing the book’s claims — a move in part intended to telegraph that it would aggressively meet attacks in a way Democrats accused Mr. Kerry’s campaign of failing to do quickly enough against the Swift Boat group’s charges.
The basic rule, of course, is never to allow taxes to dominate investment decisions.
But with so many companies in various industries in trouble, Nasdaq has now suspended enforcement of its delisting rules for three months, until Jan. 19.
“How do you feel?” He shot me a look of bemused disdain as he walked away.
PHOTO: CIRCULAR LOGIC: A traffic circle alert in Lincroft, N.J.(PHOTOGRAPH BY LAURA PEDRICK FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
I’m stuck with the house; I don’t know what my investments are doing; and here’s this annuity with A.I.G.
Now, the authority is proposing raising transit fares and bridge and tunnel tolls next year and again in early 2011 to help close huge shortfalls in its operating budget.
She wore a dark suit and had her hair cut in a boyish bob.
Mr. Gore added, “Look, I can start a talk by saying, ‘There are 14 global warming pollutants, and we have a different solution for addressing each of them.’ And it’s true.
The Yankees have lost five of their last six, including two against the Angels.
For other activities, check The Daily Californian ( www.dailycal.org ), the university student paper, or The East Bay Express ( www.eastbayexpress.com ), a free weekly.
John T. Chambers , Cisco’s chief executive, described the quarter as “solid,” saying that demand was down in the United States but strong in countries like Japan, China and India.
Some of that history was already available.
After Miguel Tejada singled off Papelbon, Fox cut to a glory shot of wonderful, glorious Mo, in the bullpen, his back to the camera, gazing at the field from his perch, with the packed house in the foreground, a video recapitulation of the classic Ben Hogan photo, also shot from behind.
“And then I went out and did over 40 campaign events for him on my own.
Bob is survived by Patricia, his daughter Meghan, sons Michael (Chrissa), Mark (Tina), David (Michelle) and Christopher (Molly), and grandkids Cait, Jack, Ryan, Nick, Riley and Finnian.
Motorcyclists and sports car drivers flock from all over North America to ride it.
Maybe the best way to highlight the importance of that fact is to contrast this year’s campaign with what happened four years ago.
It was found about a block and a half away from the suspect’s residence, the police said.
It is a safe bet that Ms. Judge will not be on the welcoming committee.
The new system clears passengers well within the 50-to-90-second interview “window,” as did the two-finger system, officials said.
Adoring great-grandmother of Samuel, Isaiah and Ella Blum.
All four children’s lists appear each week on the Book Review’s Web site.
“The biggest difference has been just because I’m a freshman and we have so many great scorers, I’m used to getting a lot more shots,” Shamel Bratton said.
A fearless adventurer, he seized the day, seized the minute, always smiling on the way.
She said there had been previous suggestions in the medical literature of a connection between hepatitis B and pancreatic cancer.
Brooks said he started noticing a steep decline at dirt tracks in the Carolinas about three years ago, when Nascar started staging more night races.
Indeed, Burberry’s lease at 1350 Avenue of the Americas does not expire until 2011, so there was no urgency to move.
I have practiced this philosophy for the last 20 years.” Goehr sighed over the phone and said: “Yes, that is what I had hoped as well, that they would keep a freshness, find something different out of their own experience, like Janacek or Mussorgsky.
For upstart Internet companies, he has been an important broker of relationships with traditional firms; and for Time Warner, in particular, he was an advocate, when the Yahoo takeover battle erupted, of trying to assemble a three-way partnership among Yahoo, Microsoft ’s MSN and Time Warner’s AOL.
IN “A Nation of Counterfeiters” (Harvard University Press, $29.95), Stephen Mihm takes us back to the screwball days between the American Revolution and the Civil War, when the dollar did not exist.
“Any recipe that calls for meat, like chili or spaghetti, I try to substitute turkey.” Carl Hall, a retired construction worker in Detroit, wants to buy a fence for his backyard.
There is a look popular among athletes and their hangers-on, who wear white baseball caps with the name of a college embroidered above the brim.
Many of the roughly 25 protesting workers outside the museum’s gala benefit were dressed in costume.
But he says the firm is doing what it has done all along: buying companies and turning them around.
Page B1 Ripples of Madoff's Fraud in Europe B1 DEFLATION UNLIKELY, DESPITE FEARS With prices dropping across the board, David Leonhardt writes that fears of deflation have risen with good reason.
Just up the fish-rich rivers that surround this tiny bush town on Bristol Bay is a discovery of copper and gold so vast and valuable that no one seems able to measure it all.
It seems that despite all the exposure of lies, the campaigns just go right on repeating them, as if those whoppers had never been debunked in the first place.
Mr. Tower did more than anyone else to help.
Opposition activists staged mass protests in the capital, Yerevan, and clashes later broke out with the police, prompting the authorities to declare a 20-day state of emergency, which was lifted last month.
Rod R. Blagojevich of Illinois attended a similar dinner that Mr. Rezko hosted for Mr. Auchi at the Four Seasons Hotel in Chicago.
Bülow told pupils that the occasionally planted clinker showed audiences how hard the piece at hand was.
1 player and new French Open champion, losing, 6-1, 6-4, in the third round to Zheng.
Since then, countries like Iran, Venezuela and Saudi Arabia set aside their political differences to work together and regain clout in the market.
He is the co-chairman of a study committee that wants to implement a random drug screening program that would test 15 percent of Ridge High’s students each year to monitor their behavior when they’re not in school.
Previously, voting occurred at precinct level which sped things up a bit.
“At first no one could really identify what the actual role of the navigator would be,” said Elithea Maysonet, who managed the first group of three navigators when a pilot program was conducted in 2003 at Lincoln Medical and Mental Health Center in the Bronx.
“If the national economy doesn’t pick up by the end of the year, all states will feel serious effects,” he said.
That hasn’t worked out well for a lot of people.”
According to various United Nations estimates, the prewar rate was below that of sub-Saharan Africa as a whole, but the survey’s authors said they chose to use the higher rate of the continent to be conservative.
“I’m really grateful for the Pell.
Justice Harry Lee Anstead of the Florida Supreme Court officiated at the Retreat at Bradley’s Pond, an event space.
MR. OBAMA You know, we are at a defining moment in our history.
On Wednesday night, Mr. Bush had delivered a prime-time televised address to the nation, warning that ”our country could experience a long and painful recession” if lawmakers did not act quickly to pass a huge Wall Street bailout plan.
It is designed to “free you from the foolish scramble up the ladder of social success.” According to the accompanying wall text, the device comes with silk or synthetic ribbons and in a variety of rare woods.
In a statement, the company said giving the Gunvalsons access to the clinical trial “would harm all companies developing experimental drugs by providing a precedent for using the courts to gain special treatment instead of participating in controlled clinical trials.” Judge Martini pressed PTC ’s lawyers on the relationship between the Gunvalsons and Claudia Hirawat, the senior vice president at PTC who hosted the family at her home last year.
With seven seconds left, Manning fired a 4-yard touchdown pass to Toomer, who lunged across the goal line.
“When they’re coming back in, the endemic Siberian populations start to crash,” Dr. Poinar said, and by about 40,000 years ago, the North American mammoths had completely taken over.
But training with the Legionnaires was different, with instruction in French and salutes to the French flag.
Nearby is an enormous cross, probably from 12th-century Armenia and on loan from the History Museum of Armenia in Yerevan, that country’s capital.
Injected some verve and speed.
An informal survey as the 2008 season began showed prices headed for $50 or more a gallon -- and higher if production is down.
These concerns are coming into sharp relief as Ms. Kennedy begins an understated if carefully orchestrated rollout, with calls to political leaders early this week, and a trip upstate, including a private meeting with the mayor of Syracuse, on Wednesday.
Tomorrow we will be done with these last four years, but NBTHS wasn’t a prison to our dreams, it was a guide to greater aspirations and better goals.
WITH: Alejandro Polanco (Alejandro), Isamar Gonzales (Isamar), Carlos Zapata (Carlos), Ahmad Razvi (Ahmad) and Rob Sowulski (Rob).
And now, Mamajuana has become a destination.” Janet Gerson, a local resident who works at Columbia University as an administrator at Teachers College, acknowledged the change.
Hong Kong I had no idea that many of those oil paintings that hang in hotel rooms and starter homes across America are actually produced by just one Chinese village, Dafen, north of Hong Kong.
About 50 protesters were detained on charges of assaulting police officers, they said.
“Energy prices over the last few weeks have increased rapidly,” he said.
“The classes were very advanced,” Mr. Brown said, and the people were devoted.
Mr. Brown and about 100 other students living in Random Hall at M.I.T.
(Carly Fiorina, the former Hewlett-Packard chief executive advising Mr. McCain, is another name mentioned as a possible executive turned candidate, though she is not believed to want to run.)
This year, Mr. Harrison and another Democrat, City Councilman Domenic M. Recchia Jr .
We need the coalition forces until 2015.” They know, too, however, that a decision about troop withdrawal could probably be made not by the military but by politicians in Baghdad or Washington, representing the wishes of voters impatient with the allies’ presence.
Almost $6 million of his money was also set aside for the general election.
His use of human growth hormone was first revealed when the Mitchell report was released Dec. 13.
Over the next 10 days her daughter saw six different doctors, had many blood tests and scans and tried a dozen medicines.
in its early days, told Jeff Miller in “Going Long” (Contemporary Books, 2003) how reporters would ask Mr. Howsam, “How ’bout those stupid socks?’’ “And his answer was: ‘This was the guy who later became the genius behind the Cincinnati Reds in the 1970s.
I’m sure you don’t remember.” But of course the prince remembers.
Whitney Museum of American Art and the Seventh Regiment Armory, 643 Park Avenue, at 67th Street, (800) 944-8639, whitney.org.
6-liter W-12 with twin turbochargers; 6-speed automatic transmission.
Mr. Risen’s lawyer, David N. Kelley, who was the United States attorney in Manhattan early in the Bush administration, said in an interview that the subpoena sought the source of information for a specific chapter of the book “State of War.” The chapter asserted that the C.I.A.
Political strategists slice and dice the electorate into small segments, starting with traditional demographics like age and income, then mixing consumer information like whether you prefer casinos or cruises, hunting or cooking, a Prius or a pickup.
Such is life in the single-entity Major League Soccer, where equality and mediocrity often share the same toothbrush.
But the idea of Social Security convinced him it was all right.
It’s the odor of men and metal, says Denis, who then passes her a Kalashnikov.
Mr. Sandler says Wachovia did not work hard enough to help struggling borrowers, and that his loans became scapegoats for other problems at Wachovia.
(One of the things Arthur does best and most proudly is to pack his luggage.)
Allow to cool for about a minute, then peel off the skin.
Mr. McLain said other KBR electricians later created logs that incorrectly made it appear that the grounding system existed.
Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University mourns with great sorrow the loss of our beloved Distinguished University Professor Emeritus of Medicine (Hematology) and Senior Associate Dean Emeritus.
This year, five teams had to pass through five events: three simulations and two quizzes.
AGES 3-5 “Preschoolers today are growing up in a digital world, and they see their parents using devices like cellphones and computers,” said Prof. Sandra Calvert, director of the Children’s Digital Media Center at Georgetown University.
According to Ms. King, ancient Peruvians had no written language, and the symbolism is therefore somewhat arcane.
“Patients should not necessarily accept the first thing they hear as the end-all, because that is not necessarily the full story,” Dr. Allen said.
Margon , 136 West 46th Street; (212) 354-5013; www.margonrestaurant.net .
And all the regulars turned up, people I’ve been playing hockey with for decades.
Much of it was contained in a laptop computer slipped out of the country by an Iranian technician four years ago and obtained by German and American intelligence agencies.
That I have no intention of relinquishing this seasonal extravagance, even in Times Like These, has something to do with both guilt and the aforementioned pleasures.
Ms. Hopkins will be busy in her new role.
Running time: 1 hour 35 minutes.
His father, who was a family physician in Portland Me., is the chairman of the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, the philanthropic organization in New York.
And now he needs to bring Democrats who opposed him back into the fold.
To the Editor: Re “Drink Outside the Box,” by Tyler Colman (Op-Ed, Aug. 18): Without a doubt, glass bottles are greener than wine boxes.
(His retirement speech, June 11, 2003) Used to work as: Army chief of staff from 1999 until his retirement in 2003; commander of the forces in Bosnia-Herzegovina, 1997-98; various posts with the Army in Germany and Southern Europe; and two tours in Vietnam, during which he was seriously wounded twice.
The Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, has turned to the courts to validate its claim to a 1913 Oskar Kokoschka painting sought by Claudia Seger-Thomschitz , an Austrian woman who says it was sold under duress during the Nazi occupation of Austria, The Boston Globe reported.
“We’d basically be trespassing on private property,” he said.
Just one week after opening night, he was afflicted with a throat ailment and had to miss several performances.
The very public nature of the disgrace roiled them as much as the details of it.
Also on Monday, at 10 p.m., ABC’s “20/20” special on the death of Natalee Holloway drew 12.7 million viewers, the largest audience for “20/20” in more than a year.
“I think we have a very good constructive theory of that these days,” Dr. Wolynes said.
He was the oldest president in the church’s history.
But homeownership isn’t for everyone.
It was one of his trademark heavy sinkers, and it hurtled toward Southern California’s hottest hitter, Jeff Clement, with a full count, the bases loaded, one out, and the score tied in the deciding game of the N.C.A.A.
In these terms, the testimony of thousands is that this “quick and popular” remedy does indeed help to “settle the stomach.” Whether the effect is real or a placebo hardly matters.
Though both campaigns have shrugged off such suggestions, some think the move would help unify the party.
In addition to the two recent losses (Dallas lost to Washington on Sept. 28), the Cowboys struggled to beat the Bengals last week and their play has been erratic.
And while it was all fiction, the results were real: the promotion helped usher in the digital age of movie advertising.
It’s a recap of news releases: “Quantum of Solace” and “The Pink Panther 2” went into production; Peter Jackson will produce two new films based on “The Hobbit”; “American Gladiators” became a prime-time hit for NBC; Mary Parent was hired; MGM joined with Paramount Pictures and Lionsgate in announcing a pay-TV channel to take the place of their expiring deals with Showtime; and the new MGM HD channel, yet another outlet for its film library, has been picked up by the five biggest domestic cable and satellite distribution systems.
Dogs are secretly obsessed with fairness.
“That’s like a dream: it doesn’t exist.
Others say that the financial and economic crisis leaves no room for action on, say, health care reform.
At a Sunday service shortly before Easter, their 2-year-old daughter, Victoria, was attired in pink from head to toe, save for her purple pacifier.
His advanced age, and the large gap of time between his illegal conduct and the filing of charges, clearly played a role in the government’s willingness to allow him to plead guilty to one of four counts in the original complaint — the one alleging conspiracy to act as an agent of a foreign government without United States authorization.
Now they are treasured not only by paleo-anthropologists but also by nationalists seeking to prove the biological continuity and singularity of the Chinese people.
Aaron Dorfman Executive Director National Committee for Responsive Philanthropy Washington, April 25, 2008
The Pakistani government is seeking to recover the money that Mr. Zardari used to pay for the manor on the grounds that it was ill-gotten gains.
The birds' respiratory systems can't take a strong cleaner.
“Hot chocolate,” he said, “might be a better choice.”
As a demonstration, the researchers said that if two groups of a dozen patients sought treatment for pain, one group all white and the other all minority, one fewer patient in the minority group would get the medication.
The agency recently said that it has not yet set a date to make the updated rules final, let alone implement them, because it has been inundated with several thousand comments.
Ms. Stonesifer — together with G. Wayne Clough, who took over as the Smithsonian’s secretary in July — will oversee what they hope will be a new chapter of stability, transparency and growth after a period of public scandal.
And what about all those terrified Jews who reportedly abandoned their progressive heritage to buy into the smears libeling Obama as an Israel -hating terrorist?
The average price of a Manhattan apartment in the first three months of this year was $1.7 million, up 33.5 percent from the same period last year, according to the real estate appraisal firm Miller Samuel Inc., which processed the numbers for the brokerage firm Prudential Douglas Elliman.
They argue that with certain cancers, like melanoma and prostate cancer , it can lead to misdiagnosis and overdiagnosis, with doctors identifying and treating tumors that may never cause serious problems.
In July, citing what it called heavy-handed treatment by the Sheriff’s Department, the tribe began requiring deputies entering the reservation to check in at a security gate and travel with an escort.
MOVIES Ratings and running times are in parentheses; foreign films have English subtitles.
“It’s utterly stupid that we have to fight that,” he said.
“Clinton was using code words that most of us in the South can recognize when we hear that kind of stuff,” Mr. Clyburn said.
Lee kept giving me tips on how to release my hands through the impact zone so that I could hit long straight drives.
Dr. Van Allen, a physicist at the University of Iowa, had worked with J.P.L., sending up balloons and small rockets to study cosmic rays entering the upper atmosphere.
But the region’s housing and transit systems may be stretched to capacity.
Philip Seymour Hoffman was nominated for best supporting actor and John Patrick Shanley for best screenplay.
Foods and beverages cost more, as did medical care.
''Let's face it, the U.S. consumer is dependent upon housing prices and stock prices and with both of them sinking rapidly the outlook for the economy is not good.
Warning: his performance has a contagious quality that may have you thinking that your own back is hurting by this delightful show’s end.
A subcontractor, John Galt Corporation, which performed the demolition and asbestos abatement at the former bank tower, is also being charged, the people said.
A business suit and a pair of mouse ears, most likely.
“And he knows him to be a good person who is committed to his country.” Mr. Goeglein had been publishing guest columns on the opinion page of The News-Sentinel for more than a decade, according to the paper’s editor, Kerry Hubartt.
“You may want to editorialize differently when someone searches, and maybe put a premium on certain reporters or content,” he said.
Both Muqdad and Dhia jumped into the water and told me to watch carefully what they are doing.
Mr. Jindal’s spokeswoman did not respond to messages on Friday.
Despite the region’s long history of catastrophic storm damage, most recently in Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005, transportation planners there have not looked “far enough into the future to adequately plan for impacts on transportation systems resulting from the natural environment and climate change ,” the multiagency report on the Gulf Coast says.
The man, still looking bewildered, nodded yes.
Unlike the others, this move was not a reaction to his struggles.
“Both these commanders were in Basra for temporary missions,” said Gen. Mohammed al-Askeri, the spokesman for the Iraqi Defense Ministry.
Among the problems are these: Throwing in an idea for public consideration generates fear of failure, and workers looking to advance their own interests often keep their best ideas to themselves until a more opportune time.
No one ever wants to make just the minimum, but the best time to have done so was 40 years ago.
In short, we have here a matter of critical judgment, the sort any responsible editor must exercise.
Half a century before its time, Pop was born.
For help mapping a route on the trail, contact the Israeli Tourism Office ( www.goisrael.com ).
When Soutine died in 1943 (he liked to chase absinthe with cocaine and red plonk), she inherited the bulk of his estate.
An analyst at JPMorgan, Kian Abouhossein, said he thought the write-downs were related to better-quality mortgages issued to borrowers with decent credit, as well as commercial-backed securities and exposure to bond insurance companies.
Moreover, there is a huge and valuable literature connecting heart disease to stress and emotional wounds.
Mr. Schwartz has been paid handsomely for his services.
When the day began, Mr. Obama needed 41 delegates to effectively claim the nomination.
have the information required to make reasonable assessments?
Nearly a thousand men involved in feuds have escaped abroad, some of them applying for asylum.
Making matters worse, the peacekeepers’ armored vehicles are largely unable to handle the muddy terrain of the neighborhoods hit hardest by the violence.
So when Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s presidential campaign arrived in South Texas in February seeking an edge in its uphill battle against Senator Barack Obama , Ms. Espinoza was happy to oblige, for a price.
President-elect Barack Obama has promised to close the prison.
There’s a fine line between being happy and being manic.
I think I speak for most of the nation when I say that on the list of things that keep us up at night, it does not make the top 1,000.
“There’s a general shortage in the emerging markets,” Mr. von Putbus said.
“Strengthening regulation of risk control, strengthening bank examination — all of these are good in principle,” said Shang-jin Wei, a Columbia University finance professor.
She & Him I was watching “Late Night With Conan O’Brien,” and I saw Zooey Deschanel singing, and I was like, what the hell — is that her or Katy Perry?
An off-duty Blackwater guard who American and Iraqi officials said had been drinking heavily was the sole suspect.
That’s why they’re killing us.
It's a bigger mystery than the one behind Cee-Lo's more grating tracks (''Neighbors,'' ''Open Book''), which suggest unregulated spasms of ego.
The cause was complications of heart surgery, said his son, John, now the company president.
The spacious 18th-century church with Italian frescoes is one of the most beautiful, unusual churches in Moscow and one of my favorite Easter Festival venues.
It’s a well-known strategy among longtime eBay shoppers, but one that owners of these sites are hoping will translate into big business — relatively speaking — as shoppers look to save money this holiday season.
“Urgent.” The four-women-and-a-cocktail conceit is outworn, but “Cashmere Mafia” has some wit and cynical sparkle.
But at the same time, they wanted a terrace and plenty of light.
We are winning these votes in swing states and among the very swing voters that Democrats must win to take back the White House and put this country back on the path to prosperity.
The scene is in some way emblematic of this great, elusive, underappreciated artist’s long career.
“I did that today,” he said.
In this ’70s idyll young Joe (Harry Eden) will learn that sex equals tragedy and that a glam-rock soundtrack enhances even the stickiest screenplay.
And attracting utility workers to the Hudson Valley is a challenge, the experts said.
''This makes cartooning a competitive sport.
He falsely wrote in a work log that he had been there, she said.
The development is only about 15 minutes from the Puerto Vallarta airport.
There’s a stigma attached to it.” Mr. Mitchell said that he has “seen a number of staged murders that were actually suicides,” similar to the scene where Officer Morelli was found.
It was believed that Hardy had initiated appeals to the American Arbitration Association and the Court of Arbitration for Sport, and would have a hearing next week.
By the 1980s, technology companies had relocated to the area, but Lowell’s downtown, which was designated a national historical park in the 1980s and still held all of its old buildings, was desolate.
CLUB In M.L.S., New England's seven-game unbeaten streak ended Saturday, when Real Salt Lake earned a 2-1 victory, staying unbeaten at home this season.
“This ruling restored my faith in the rule of law,” she said.
Mr. D'Rivera has become associated with Caramoor in recent years as performer and composer-in-residence, and will again play this year at the festival in Katonah, though not on its jazz days.
The other quarterfinal heats Friday were run with lesser winds.
Mr. Hartwig said that many of the positions are staff assistants and jobs in maintenance, communications and management.
This New York septet, which calls its style “vocal play,” executes close harmonies, and individual members can imitate almost any instrument as well as sing fervent pop-soul and make sophisticated beat-box sounds.
By comparison, Harvard College received an average of 11 applications per offer of admission in the class of 2010.
“This was not against anybody, but it was so that all Argentines could live better.”
“If you ask me about the Hope story, they will never forget that,” Sundhage said as the American women prepared for a tournament to be played next month in South Korea.
While McKie tried to reach his father, Nevil attempted to make sense of what was happening around him.
WITH: Will Smith (John Hancock), Charlize Theron (Mary), Jason Bateman (Ray), Eddie Marsan (Red), Johnny Galecki (Jeremy), Thomas Lennon (Mike) and Atticus Shaffer (Boy at Bus Bench).
And so the rest of the work on this mission, which is scheduled to end with Endeavour returning to Earth on March 26, will involve today’s inspection of the shuttle’s heat shield, to detect any damage that might have occurred during the mission because of orbital debris, and a fifth and final spacewalk on Saturday evening.
On Tuesday, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg ordered the city’s more than 100 agencies to provide language assistance in six foreign languages: Spanish, Chinese, Russian, Korean, Italian and French Creole.
Signature’s $1.25 million will help finance its celebration of the Negro Ensemble Company and its ticket subsidy program; Steppenwolf will use its $600,000 to create playwriting residencies that can take advantage of the company’s entire ensemble.
As such, it promises to be an extraordinary day in the troubled history of baseball and performance-enhancing drugs.
I think I even saw Jack smile.
GIANTROBOT.COM Eclectic art and prints from a store that specializes in Asian and Asian-American pop culture, from $5 to $1,000.
But as the Citigroup and Merrill Lynch boards confronted their own huge subprime-related losses by pushing out their chief executives, Mr. Cayne’s continued presence at the helm has attracted increased attention, particularly in light of the regulatory investigations and growing questions about his health and work habits.
After intermission the mood turned dark again with Medtner’s “Gone Are My Heart’s Desires,” one of five songs on the program that the composer based on poems by Pushkin and Goethe.
A female oriole?” Ms. Falci, who then spotted the bird, added that it was “at 2 o’clock.” (Like fighter pilots, experienced birders describe the canopy of a tree by comparing it to the dial of a clock.)
Noma is an acronym for North of Main, which helps you find the restaurant, which faces the large municipal parking lot between Gerard and Main Streets.
to a more vigorous investigation.
The designation not only preserved important buildings and artifacts, it also saved SoHo from the kind of large-scale urban renewal that occurred north of Houston Street.
Of more portable fare like bagels with cream cheese, cookies and brownies ($1.75 each), the jumbo, freshly baked muffins, including corn, cinnamon coffee cake, cranberry nut and blueberry, are particularly good ($1.50 apiece).
Blair Singer’s artful comic drama “The Most Damaging Wound,” at the Manhattan Theater Source, confirms what many women have long feared: that male bonding is all about grown men behaving like little boys.
Jon S. Corzine who had testified he passed a questionable payment from a bar owner to a mayor in Hudson County resigned on Wednesday, the governor’s office said.
Aegon’s deal is structured on terms similar to a larger package the government gave ING last week: the company has sold a special class of shares that pay interest of at least 8.5 percent a year.
But the Winehouse camp was not taking this laying down, as these remarks via CNN showed: Winehouse’s spokesman, Chris Goodman, called Costa a “ludicrous man.” “Amy has never given a quote about drugs or flaunted it in any way,” Goodman told the newspaper.
The Army has asked that the entire RAND series be resubmitted and has said it will decide on its status thereafter.
“Spanish is not a foreign language anymore, especially on the East Coast,” he said.
“If we continue to talk about 2007 in 2008, chances are we’re going to be thinking about something we shouldn’t be thinking about,” Delgado said in a conference call.
The Oilers are coming on strong, but I think the Avalanche will be able to hold on.
Dr. Elliot W. Jacobs, 63, is a Park Avenue plastic surgeon who describes his field as “a happy specialty.” His subspecialty is gynecomastia, enlarged male breasts, with which he had personal experience.
But Gonzaga may have the next five best scorers on the court, which is the reason its ahead, 41-36, at halftime.
And Mr. Thompson, 55, has credit card debt of $5,000 to $35,000, according to the documents, which cover 2007, the latest year available.
Now, Americans labor in the shadow of that history, and that helps to explain why alarm bells are ringing in the NATO headquarters here over the latest accounts of air raids that went wrong, causing dozens of civilian casualties.
Even so, Research in Motion’s shares sold off immediately after it released its results, dropping to below $79, down 19 percent from their close at $97.53 on the Nasdaq.
Under the terms being discussed, JPMorgan would pay $10 a share in stock for Bear, up from its initial offer of $2 a share – a figure that represented a mere one-fifteenth of Bear’s going market price.
Mr. Rezko, who is on trial on federal corruption charges, had raised as much as $250,000 for Mr. Obama during his first three political races.
He did not know his grandfather well, and could not understand why he had been selected from the 20 or so other family members in the room.
The letter from the borough attorney to the board states that one of the benefits the league receives from co-sponsorship is the “use of municipal fields and related facilities” and that those and other benefits would cease if co-sponsorship ended.
“Our hands are clean,” the Pakistani foreign minister, Shah Mehmood Qureshi, said at a news conference.
It also defeated Brazil 1-0 on Sunday, though the outcome of the two exhibition matches meant little, as Brazil was absent three of its star players, including Marta, considered by many to be the best women's player in the world at the moment.
John H. Thomas, wrote Tuesday in a letter to the church’s 1.2 million adherents, in 5,700 American congregations.
Here are excerpts from that election year ritual.
As in previous years, the University of Southern California had the most international students, 7,189, followed by New York University and Columbia.
The first, “Love and Honor and Pity and Pride and Compassion and Sacrifice,” features a young Vietnamese writer named Nam, who leaves his job as a lawyer in Melbourne, Australia, to attend the Iowa Writers’ Workshop; he has an American girlfriend and a folder full of stories that depict children in Hiroshima, Colombian assassins and a New York painter who dines at Picholine.
Arnold Schwarzenegger of California, though by all accounts, those are mild compared with Mr. Murphy’s differences with other people in the various factions at Mr. McCain’s headquarters.
At the time he was tagging along with his parents, both violinists in the orchestra, he explained to the crowd that turned out for Tuesday night’s Philharmonic concert in Central Park.
Chances are, not all of those players will become free agents.
But this is a crucial insight for those tasked with designing policies to bridge the digital divide.
Maybe it would help if gas pumps came with bigger hoses so that filling up would go faster and we’d spend less time watching the meter.
The racial makeup of a Southeastern city like Atlanta presents a particular challenge.
has authorized only one company, known as both CoSport and Jet Set Sports, to sell tickets in the United States.
I would have considered it.” Signing on with P.S.G., Ibisevic played little and was loaned to Dijon of the French second division.
“But my concern is that I have 32,000 employees.
You can find edited transcripts of those interviews at nytimes.com/yourmoney .
The funeral will take place on July 23, 2008 at 2:30pm at the Riverside Memorial Chapel, 180 West 76th St., New York City.
“The AFL-CIO’s campaign against John McCain isn’t about working families, it’s about partisan politics,” said Brian Rogers, a McCain spokesman, in an e-mail.
Family and friends identified the dead child’s mother as Amanda Williams, the mother of two other children, about 2 and 3 years old.
The first one, I’m not going to do.
Forward Amy Rodriguez, who had failed to score on a breakaway near the end of regulation, shielded a defender and laid a pass off to Lloyd, whose dipping blast skidded past Barbara, the Brazilian goalkeeper.
By Mr. Reagan’s presidency, it took twice that long.
But that’s more than balanced by the professionalism with which the illusionist’s life is celebrated.
In the marathon, unlike in the bullring, Fandila said he felt helpless.
He drew a standing ovation for his comments, which he worked into an advertisement that helped lift his flagging campaign.
$4 to $8; under 6, free.
This task is made more difficult because while there are more listings, it is not clear that more people are buying.
THE ADIRONDACKS On most PBS stations on Wednesday night (check local listings).
It does save oil, however, since much of the fuel Amtrak uses is in the form of electricity, made from coal, natural gas and nuclear power.
You’ll start, then, in the kitchen, browning your meats and warming the stock, softening the onions and garlic in oil, getting ready for the storm.
Cherished grandfather of David and Joshua.
And he has also begun a review of criminal investigative procedures throughout the department, which civil liberties advocates fear could lead to increased use of ethnicity in searching for terrorism suspects by loosening restrictions on investigators.
She left a metal figurine that is now kept under lock and key.
A special of sweetbreads with capers and lemon was as piquant as it should have been, and I liked its simple asparagus and mashed potato accompaniment.
They both fell for the same French artist — “brooding, poetic, not handsome, but he fell right into our fantasies,” as Jayne Michaels tells the story.
There were just a few minutes left in the game, and a milestone was approaching, but C. Vivian Stringer had not had time to think about the possibility of winning for the 800th time.
“Well, if you unleashed a thousand dogs by the 18th green, none would walk on it.
Travel companies offering pricey summer service trips for teenagers are less likely to find comfort in the updated policies.
Advanced Micro Devices inched closer to profitability despite posting a huge loss as it struggled to absorb the huge cost of its acquisition of ATI Technologies, a graphics chip maker.
Supporters of Freddie and Fannie insisted that the worries over the companies’ future were overblown.
Nearby, about 100 people with lyric books sang patriotic songs.
Ms. Uram, a quiet-mannered illustrator with ginger-colored hair in her late 40s, is the archivist.
Any dates cited in an agreement would be cast as goals for handing responsibility to Iraqis, and not specifically for reducing American troops, said a White House spokesman, Gordon D. Johndroe.
But, she said later of the character she plays, “It’s a pretty classic supporting role, with several scenes throughout and her own arc in the film.” That is larger than some of her parts, but her fans have long been hungry for more than a few scenes and the occasional arc.
But the city has changed Ms. Thompson, who lives in Hell’s Kitchen near the tourist-clogged streets of Times Square.
Aiming to reinvent a Swiss grande dame, the starchitect Norman Foster has engineered a total makeover of the Dolder Grand Hotel in Zurich, adding gleaming glass touches to a new spa and restaurants.
Turco made 29 saves in the final two periods.
“I didn’t realize why he was sitting on the porch in a way he hadn’t before.
The pressure to package loans that was so evident in the residential market never materialized in the commercial market, these analysts say.
I can’t think of another recent orchestral program that left me more exhilarated.
They are merely financial engineering companies.” Officials at the funds contend that Mr. Lipson is a speculator out for a fast buck.
“There are times when I wish we could just be like the Indigo Girls,” Ms. Pierson said with a sigh.
The injury, which was devastating and which took three months to heal, occurred just when she was trying to increase her mileage for fall marathons.
Judge Paul C. Huck of United States District Court in Miami denied a request by lawyers for the former Panamanian strongman Manuel Antonio Noriega to block his extradition to France to face money laundering charges.
Shares of the bank had soared more than 5 percent on Friday on rumors that the Korean bank might acquire it.
Beefing up their ranks needs to be a priority.
“There are times when the federal government needs to step in and put taxpayers’ dollars to work for the sake of public health and safety.” The N.R.C.
The defense abandoned the Aztecs, giving up nearly 500 yards of offense per game.
Lightning strikes late Friday and Saturday were cited for many fires, starting suddenly what officials expect to be an arduous summer for firefighters.
White Denim, the Austin band that was the supercharged finale for my own SXSW — a power trio with a rocketing, punk-speed take on twangy Texas garage-rock — played seven shows from March 11 to 15.
“Why are they awarding so many contracts without any other consideration?
But you would be mistaken, as amply demonstrated by the commentary about “Kung Fu Panda,” Dreamworks’ blockbuster cartoon featuring an overweight bear named Po who saves the world.
Pakistan has endured a spate of suicide attacks in recent months by militants and tribal extremists, and the Pakistani Army has become a frequent target.
“Then his wife dies, he turns up fit and fine, perfectly healthy and it seems to be lies.” Even now that Mr. Zardari is in the country, however, no one here believes the case will be pursued seriously.
Ford posted a surprising $100 million profit in the first quarter but warned that it would lose money in the rest of the year.
In his statement, Mr. Chertoff said the department would continue to listen to environmental concerns.
But those negotiations began disintegrating around November, as the subprime mortgage crisis escalated, according to these people.
But the laughter belied a trying week.
That is Expat’s question and I have no obligation either to ask or answer it.
So it was with some chagrin that they found out not long ago, on a visit to a friend’s place, that they were smitten with the friend’s neighborhood on the south side of Williamsburg.
But the puck kept going — right onto the blade of Parise’s stick.
Or you can get Roku’s $100 Netflix Player box, which does the job beautifully all by itself.
Hoshinoya is easily reached on the Shinkansen bullet trains bound for Nagano, which travel from Tokyo to the town of Karuizawa in about an hour; fares start at 2,520 yen each way, or about $23 at 110 yen to the dollar.
After a renovation that closed Alice Tully Hall and displaced its resident ensemble, the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center, for a year and a half, the hall reopens in late February with diverse programs, including premieres by William Bolcom and George Tsontakis.
This economically vital, socially freewheeling yet unmistakably Muslim state has had a transforming effect on young men.
The actors, who included seasoned hands like David Strathairn, Elizabeth Marvel and Bill Camp, read to an amalgam of war veterans, West Pointers, psychologists, social service professionals and drama majors.
Around 10 one recent night on Tsvetnoi Boulevard, nearly every bench was occupied by people drinking beer, including Aleksandr Mikhailovich and three friends, all immigrants from Kyrgyzstan.
Corporations awash in cash not paying dividends has led to overcompensation of and fiscal misadventures by corporate officers who no longer feel responsibility to shareholders.
That meant the rules did not take this year’s market losses into account and forced people to draw down assets that were already depleted.
Good sex for Bond is sex that has “the sweet tang of rape”; when he first goes to bed with Vesper Lynde, in “Casino Royale,” we’re told, he “wanted to see tears and desire in her remote blue eyes and to take the ropes of her black hair in his hands and bend her long body back under his.” And in a surprising number of incidents Bond is beaten or burned around the genitals — most famously by Le Chiffre in “Casino Royale’ but also by Blofeld in “You Only Live Twice” — to the point where his potency is in question.
His mobility was limited further in February by a fall at his home, the subsequent discovery of a urinary tract infection and an allergic reaction to medication that left him hospitalized.
A government official, speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the issue publicly, said it was “logical to assume” that those four companies would come under investigation because of the many questions surrounding their recent collapse.
“Right now I am leading in the popular vote.
He grew up in the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv, the Soviet Detroit, where he skirted the local institutes, opting instead, after a stint in the foundry of the local Hammer and Sickle motor plant, for a job in a bookstore.
Crane Kenney, the chairman of the team, said that selling the field’s naming rights was “certainly something we’re looking at.” Kenney is bullish about the value of the franchise.
With the securities markets plunging early this month, there have been few well-paying safe harbors for investors, making early mortgage payments more enticing than might otherwise be the case.
“But if you magnify the picture and you start looking at specific gender and age cohorts, we do start to see some pretty significant changes.” The most consistent data on infidelity come from the General Social Survey, sponsored by the National Science Foundation and based at the University of Chicago, which has used a national representative sample to track the opinions and social behaviors of Americans since 1972.
Or should I take advantage of the boost he’ll get in price?
The windy fifth set went on serve and it took Young's fighting back from three break points down to force deuce and hold in the seventh game.
At one point Mr. Grohl surveyed the sprawl before him.
“You shouldn’t change because someone is waving money in front of you.” Alison Share, who graduated this year, said even though the school had not made a big splash with the decision, it had taught her a valuable lesson.
The hotels, the village’s first, opened in May.
McEnroe’s famous temper rises as he describes golf as a kind of athletic grifter preying upon society’s most “sedentary and lazy” impulses at the cost of something higher.
When he cut aggressively last month, critics said he had panicked.
When CBS reported its fourth-quarter earnings in February, Mr. Moonves seemed confident of renewing Showtime’s deals with the studios.
On Nov. 19, 1978, the Giants were leading the visiting Eagles, 17-12, in the closing seconds.
Some had tumors that couldn’t be fully removed, some had different treatments at surgery.” But he and Larkin were virtually the same.
By putting the task at the center, Dorfman illuminates the way the body and the mind communicate with each other.
The issue is not whether one supports globalization, but rather what kind of globalization one supports.
It’s a male-female thing, and it’s also of the time.
The bride’s father retired as the director of human resources at JPMorgan Chase in Manhattan, and is now a trustee of Catholic Charities of Brooklyn and Queens and of the Inner-City Scholarship Fund.
When locals chafed at the way a small gang of mainlanders ran Taipei, officials began planting native camphor trees.
Mr. Driehaus, who grew up on the city’s distinctly unglamorous southwest side in a middle class family that slipped a few notches after his father, a mechanical engineer, developed Alzheimer’s disease in his 50s, started collecting after he got out of college and began working as a stock picker for various investment firms.
Center Playhouse, 35 South Street.
Edwick, with spiky brown hair and a few black whiskers, tumbled backward with a splat into a beanbag chair on the floor.
(Chinen) ★RAGS, STRIDES AND STOMPS (Friday and Saturday) With an emphasis on early-jazz piano styles and songs by the likes of Fats Waller and James P. Johnson, this concert features several gifted pianists: an acknowledged authority, Marcus Roberts, as well as two promising up-and-comers, Jonathan Batiste and Aaron Diehl.
Right away, I felt greatly reassured about security at the next World Cup.
The tricky part, diagnostically, is that out of those seven symptoms, three — distractibility, activity increase and talkativeness — are also symptoms of A.D.H.D.
As each major character is introduced, the name of the actor lending his voice is splashed over the screen, an innovation other developers owe it to their talent to follow.
The Bush administration has refused to rule out a military option, and in June Israel’s air force carried out what American intelligence officials described as a rehearsal for a possible strike on Iranian nuclear facilities.
He didn’t do it in the Hollywood fashion.
Google derives income when users click on advertisements, and the apparent deceleration — comScore projected only 2 percent growth in paid clicks in the United States, compared with 30 percent growth in the previous quarter — led many analysts to cut their estimates in anticipation of Google’s earnings news.
Which, to hear Mr. Kerr tell it, was just about everyone in Pat O'Brien's.
(Isherwood) * ‘HAIR’ The pure hormonal vitality that courses through Diane Paulus’s exuberant revival of this landmark musical from 1967 is enough to make it the pick-me-up event of the summer.
People now can quickly amass information on product availability and pricing, helping them develop strategies to get the best deal.
So we took a dozen guys and walked back up the street we had come down the day before.
For other bottles, Mr. Kapon was looking for a $6,000 bid but only got $5,500, and looking for $2,200 but getting only $2,000.
Prosecutors have filed six murder charges against the 28-year-old man accused of a shooting rampage earlier this month north of Seattle.
FOR nearly 40 years Dario Argento , the so-called Italian Hitchcock, has had blood on his hands: deliberately, unashamedly, darn near literally.
On the floor, the difference does not seem like much — less than the length of a typical basketball shoe, about 5 percent farther from the basket than the old line.
Two other city officials from the ruling party, who asked that their names not be disclosed for fear of retribution, concurred.
[The Gay Recluse] “Law & Order SVU” rips off — or at the very least it freely borrowed — an “Improv Everywhere” stunt at Grand Central .
Wednesdays through Fridays, noon to 5 p.m.; October through June, Saturdays and Sundays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; July through September, Saturdays and Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. Newark Museum, 49 Washington Street.
The company expects sales to top $1 billion this year.
For example, Kraft Foods , the maker of Oreo cookies, recently moved one of its large cookie factories from Australia to China.
She was soon divorced and raising a child on her own in 1950’s America.
It would be the first total viewer win in Fox’s history.
One makes you think of history in a different way.
Go to Article from Reuters via The New York Times »
Admissions officials at some highly selective colleges — the University of Southern California, Stanford, Claremont McKenna and the University of Pennsylvania, among others — have said that, Score Choice or not, they want all the scores — from the SAT and the ACT.
Fuzz it up to the point where no one can even ask the relevant questions, let alone expect relevant answers.
That was the last place Ms. Henry was seen.
“He or she is going to have to take a number of approaches to this problem that are already known, that have been discussed endlessly, and force it through.
Some commuters, who park on the street, try to throw off thieves by choosing a different spot each day or by moving their bike during lunch.
The officials had no estimate of how much cocaine eluded them.
But at least one prominent figure, a senior judicial official, has said Iraqi negotiators did well.
He was a senior fellow at Harvard, Princeton and lecturer at Brown University and the National Gallery, Washington, DC.
Baked Sweet Potatoes These make a great lunch or snack.
One member, James L. Sedore Jr., abstained, and two members, including another vice chairman, Andrew M. Saul, were absent.
But old Boughton, whose love for his prodigal son never wavered even as it caused him endless grief, suspects that Jack’s bad behavior arose from a primal, unfathomable sense of estrangement.
And they would have no trouble recognizing this scene, today, at 11 Times Square, when all that hard work came to a brief stop on a sweet spring day.
One of five boys raised by a single mother, Nancy Pura, Tom was an accomplished student and athlete.
The hunger strikers are demanding new trials or immediate release, arguing that their trials were not fair and that any confessions were coerced.
If he chooses, Abrahamian could appeal the disqualification to the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
And as music becomes a means to an end — pushing a separate product, whether it’s a concert ticket or a clothing line, a movie scene or a Web ad — a tectonic shift is under way.
9 P.M. (CNN) BLACK IN AMERICA: THE BLACK WOMAN AND FAMILY In this first installment in a four-hour special, ''CNN Presents'' examines the statistics on single parenthood, disparities between black and white students, and the toll of H.I.V.
When a company introduces a product, a multimedia presentation is usually available to show it off.
The L-shaped house has two bedrooms, two and a half bathrooms and an office.
But he couldn’t make out the numbers, and the car drove off.
The McCain campaign has sought to turn Mr. Obama’s celebrity against him by portraying the freshman senator as out of his depth in crises like Russia’s invasion of Georgia.
It expects prices to average more than $100 a barrel through 2015, and possibly rise to $200 a barrel by 2030.
This summer, in advance of its major-label debut, J*Davey will release a double EP, “The Beauty in Distortion/The Land of the Lost” (Interdependent), which includes songs from the duo’s demo.
In hindsight the evidence was just not there.
But such newfangled advertising models are something the cable industry has promised for years, and until they see them on a large scale, advertisers and investors will remain cautious.
The global financial crisis might have been raging last week outside the exhibition halls of the Frankfurt Book Fair, the international publishing industry’s annual jamboree, but that didn’t stop frantic dealmakers from trying to persuade one another that they needed to part with their money — and fast.
Mr. Velez often boasted that he had been more carefully investigated by law enforcement than the gangster John Gotti had been.
He’s almost a caricature of a poet, brooding, gorgeous, magnetic to women and men alike, childlike in his enthusiasms, adult in his sexual passions, always in the plural.
Charter Communications, the cable TV provider, said Monday it narrowed its first-quarter loss on a 13 percent increase in average revenue per user and a rise in subscribers.
“But I was confident because after halftime, Davidson usually plays very well.” Behind 40 points from Stephen Curry (30 of which came during the second half) and 4 from Steve Jr., the Wildcats managed to knock out Gonzaga.
While the bishop and his colleagues talk of expanding not only in Venezuela but also to neighboring countries, Roman Catholic leaders have stepped up their criticisms of the organization.
Both remember the stock market crash of 1929 and the Depression that followed as if they had played out just the other day.
Theresa Scavo, the chairwoman of Community Board 15 in Brooklyn, which covers the Kings Highway area, said that parking problems along the popular shopping strip had intensified in recent years with a boom in condominium construction in the neighborhood.
There is talk that the Constitution may be amended to create a new emeritus role for Mr. Castro.
People who are bored need to create more challenges and find more meaning in their work lives.
Near the roadside, two banners tied between trees expressed a common sentiment in Paraguay’s agricultural heartland these days.
Carolina Calling all offensive tackles -- the Panthers have a job for you immediately.
In the decade before the measles vaccination program began, each year nearly 4 million people in the United States were infected, 48,000 were hospitalized, 1,000 were chronically disabled and nearly 500 died.
“The success of it has emboldened investigators, and it should,” Mr. Bradshaw said.
“They’re not going to start off signaling that they’re going to be flexible, but Paulson and Bolten and Gillespie know that this is going to be a negotiation,” said this Republican, speaking on condition of anonymity.
And so in this show, his second of two nights here performing material from that album as well as some newly written songs, he didn’t need to bear the burden of his own emotional bloodletting or carry the torch for a generation of sensitive men too smart to rely on emo to speak for them.
Nowadays you can see in the mash-up of architectural styles vestiges of the many different cultures that have claimed the Andalusian capital as their own.
At that point, he said, “I was crying and saying, ‘I wanted this, I planned on that,’ and finally I just stopped and said, ‘I will run again.’ ” Even when he was relearning to walk, Mr. Long clocked himself on his crutches: 250 feet in 6 minutes.
That was the first use of the Alpine hideaway as an address of convenience for powerful Europeans.
During Pittsburgh’s last series, Roethlisberger threw two short-hop incompletions, took a sack on which he fumbled, then, finally, threw a desperation pass that was intercepted by safety Kenny Phillips.
He also stole 20 bases in 27 attempts, the third straight season he reached the 20-steal mark.
The waterfalls, which will measure 90 to 120 feet high, were commissioned by the Public Art Fund and will be powered by green energy.
” But for gay men in the Castro neighborhood here, which was an early epicenter for the AIDS epidemic and a current hot spot for MRSA, the report also seemed to cast an unfair, and all too familiar, stigma on their sexuality.
Indeed, what really drove the corruption of the Olympic movement was a very different Dassler family feud, the one between Adi and his son, Horst.
Scott C. Smith is stepping down as publisher of The Chicago Tribune and president of Tribune Publishing as part of changes being made by Samuel Zell.
“There’s a give and take.” Turning 85 has not slowed him up.
Eventually, The New York Sun carried a notice online: “Man Found Dead in Bathtub.” Although the “police said they recovered knives at the scene,” according to the article, “there is no criminality suspected.” It was a suicide, apparently.
“This was the first time in human history that cities started to shrink rather than grow,” Dr. Karl-Heinz Daehre, minister of land development and traffic for the province of Saxony-Anhalt, told me — with a trace of hyperbole — as we sat in his office in the provincial capital of Magdeburg.
“And that’s kind of a bummer.”
“Coach told me, if I’m guarded by one person, it’s like I’m guarded by nobody,” Fowles said.
He signed with the Celtics last month.
It will open with a preview party at 6:30 p.m. on May 2.
— from some bush by the edge of the woods.
But human excrement is a weapon of mass destruction.
One night there were three teenagers sitting with their parents at the table next to ours; two polished off huge bowls of pasta and the other a big burger and fries, with no need for doggie bags.
... Free performances of Shakespeare’s “Cymbeline” will be offered by New York Classic Theater at 7 p.m. Thursday through Sunday from May 29 to June 22 inside Central Park at West 103rd Street.
When the French explorer Samuel de Champlain saw it in 1615, he named it La Mer Douce — the Sweet Sea — and wrote about how it contained “a countless number of islands” and abounded “in fish of all varieties and of extraordinary size.” But the pride its cottagers feel for Georgian Bay has nothing to do with its sweetness.
Instead, the Yankees left eight runners on base.
For $1,700, he bought a photovoltaic system to supply electricity and to pump water for a hot tub.
The shock of such a killing taking place within the professional class — not to mention the particular profession — drew a thick crowd of reporters, photographers and television cameras.
With the step, MGM expects to begin developing and producing an expanded slate of films, after more than two years of relying on arrangements with outside producers to fill its distribution pipeline.
Two, Aravind Adiga and Steve Toltz, are first-time novelists.
Great-aunt of Collin David Rice.
There were a lot of calls, perhaps there were too many calls; his morning writing had been interrupted.
Under that questioning, Mr. Tankleff wondered if he could have “blacked out” and attacked his parents.
One hardly likes to point out that Mr. Possokhov’s “Fusion” is silly.
Ibis’s list also includes “Baghdad Yesterday: The Making of an Arab Jew,” a memoir of growing up in Jewish Iraq in the ’30s and ’40s by Sasson Somekh, a noted Israeli scholar of Arabic literature, which was a best-seller in Israel when it first appeared in 2003; “The Fullness of Time,” a bilingual German-English edition of poems by the cabala scholar Gershom Scholem, translated by Richard Sieburth; “A Levant Journal,” a travel diary from the ’40s and ’50s by the Greek Nobel laureate George Seferis; a Hebrew-English edition of the collected poems of Avraham Ben Yitzhak, who was born in Poland and emigrated to Palestine in 1938; and “In Search of a Lost Ladino: Letter to Antonio Saura,” the memoir of a French scholar, Marcel Cohen, which was originally written in the mid-1980s in Ladino, the Judeo-Spanish language of Ottoman Jews.
Barack Obama exhibits all of these qualities, not to mention an eloquence that we have not heard in many years.
She taught at New York University and Queens College of the City of New York and at the Graduate School of Library and Information Services at Simmons College in Boston.
In a speech he is scheduled to give Tuesday at the National Press Club, Representative Steny H. Hoyer of Maryland, the majority leader, intends to dispute the notion that a strong Democratic majority will be more partisan.
Souls are reincarnated, so death is not to be feared.
In return, the city will receive $1.4 billion in cash and 20 automated toilets.
Justice Stevens, in a welcome surprise, said that he had come to the conclusion that the death penalty carries such high risks of error and discrimination, while doing so little good, that it is unconstitutional.
He traveled widely across the Southwest, where the military keeps many secret bases.
at 10 a.m. and 2:30 p.m., singalongs and other programs.
So it should be no surprise that political officials here, particularly emboldened Democrats, are thinking — hopefully, even hungrily — about what Mr. Obama’s message of change will mean for them.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 10.22 points, or 0.45 percent, to 2,286.04.
“I’ve always been told that any tapes more than a year old have been destroyed.
The award was given by the National Book Foundation, the presenter of the National Book Awards , in recognition of her outstanding achievements as a writer of fiction, memoir and nonfiction.
The idea that athletes can enter a “zone” where confidence, insight and performance are at a peak is well-established in sports.
And they are indispensable for transporting knives to a picnic.
“I just didn’t want it to be this cookie-cutter, Upper East Side, Fifth Avenue kind of place,” she said.
Quite openly, he explained that his father was sent to prison for child molestation and that Keliher’s mother later married an electrician who eventually left her for a woman 20 years younger.
And for the first time in its 10-year history, the notoriously finicky organization has embraced corporate partners like Whole Foods , Anolon cookware and the Food Network.
11 Louisville (3-1) defeated visiting Indiana State (0-6) for its most lopsided victory of the season.
“I don’t regret what I did,” he said.
Some said they might reluctantly hold on to their leases despite the cost out of concern that the parcels might not be offered again under President-elect Barack Obama’s administration.
GOODBYE, HARRY: It had to happen sometime - and, lo, an era has ended.
Officials said the proposed investment and lending elements of the plan were to last two years.
Once she made herself a skirt out of the back of the suit that her younger brother was buried in.
When you think of colossal, muscular athletes crashing into one another at full speed, think of Bruce Springsteen : a portion of Mr. Springsteen’s recently recorded song “Workin’ on a Dream” will make its premiere on NBC’s “Sunday Night Football” game between the Dallas Cowboys and the Washington Redskins this Sunday, a representative for Mr. Springsteen said.
The charges were dismissed; the Manhattan district attorney’s office declined to bring perjury charges against the officer who gave the testimony.
After being manhandled most of the first half, Cuba stunned the Americans three minutes before halftime.
Such camaraderie and community appealed to Scott Charlson, said his mother, Nina, who said her son had wanted to write a book about his time on the fire line.
Cosmetic dermatology.” There are no published studies showing that the rise of beauty procedures has caused harm to medical dermatology patients.
Igawa, speaking through an interpreter, said he wanted to get more strikeouts next time.
oldster carrying on with the softie’s first love — but wait, they’re in Vietnam, and it’s 40 years ago.
At 10 and 11:30 p.m., Smalls, 183 West 10th Street, West Village, (212) 675-7369, smallsjazzclub.com ; cover, $20.
It was the second time in two years that the Georgia State Board of Pardons and Paroles denied clemency for the man, Troy A. Davis, despite his lawyers’ claims of police misconduct.
The family emigrated from Cambodia in 1982, Mr. Chao said, “and he took care of me when my mom was not around during my life here in the U.S.” His father dreamed of traveling back to Cambodia and China, and passed his mornings in a nearby park, walking.
These include software publishers, wireless telecommunications carriers, educational support services and medical and diagnostic labs.
(The other four advertisements include one with the state’s governor, Edward G. Rendell, one with Mayor Michael Nutter of Philadelphia, a third about the economy, and the last, a general message commercial in Spanish.)
So there are books on Lincoln’s depression, on his Christianity, on his career in law, on his assassin and on his cabinet.
Suburban sprawl quickly gave way to the bayou, and its most-sought-after inhabitant, the redfish.
You’ve got a perfect storm for him.
To the Editor: ''The Beauty Hunters'' (June 15) suggested that Roman Young, a scout for models, is less likely to appear threatening when he approaches potential modeling candidates in part because he is gay.
PAGE C4 Montana Resort Lawsuit Settled C4 ESCAPES AS FUEL PRICES RISE, Small Trailers Return There clearly are people who don't care what the price of fuel is, they're going to tank up and hit the open road.
In especially dire circumstances, leaders have no choice but to rescue companies.
“The good that Sharpe James did outweighed the so-called bad,” she said.
He was known in particular for his cabinets, whose beautifully worked exteriors opened to reveal interiors lined with silver leaf or fine fabrics.
The mere mention of it on Friday made Rivers choke up.
Flemish authorities refuse to give contracts to our French-speaking schoolteachers; they give Flemish children here 179 euros a year for school trips and other expenses, French children, 68 euros.
“They created a crime,” she said outside court.
Honesty and directness are grim business in “Tootsie.” Disguise and performance, in front of recording devices, even, are the only way that characters in “Tootsie” can learn to be good.
Bernstein, who has a busy beat, immigration in the New York area, wrote her article without the details and moved on.
Dr. Moffat and Dr. Lewis suggest starting with a simple assessment of your current ability to maintain good balance.
The other thing that I’m worried about out of this current global financial crisis and whatever economic fallout there may be is, I really hope we don’t sacrifice foreign assistance.
Because full flights cause airlines all sorts of operational problems, travelers should also brace for continuing problems with delays and misplaced bags.
A fundamental question facing serious filmmakers who want their movies to be seen is how unvarnished the reality contemplated by their films can be before audiences become alienated.
Nasra Zahid, 37, a zoology professor who was working at a polling station, said Islam guaranteed women the right to vote.
What do you make of the racial divide that her wins have exposed recently; for example, the 20 percent of voters in West Virginia who said race was a factor?
A few weeks later, as Mr. Gilani was en route to Washington, the civilian government announced in a late night communiqué that the Ministry of Interior had taken command of the ISI, an unprecedented action in Pakistan.
That conservative approach appears to have paid off.
Friday at 9 p.m. Free.
They’ve brought together Nobel laureates and movie stars, biologists and philosophers, engineers and Disney imagineers, a planetary scientist and acrobats.
In the last couple of years a new generation of globetrotting producers, some of whom were born abroad (including Vallejo Gantner of Performance Space 122 and Peter Tear, who runs 59E59 Theaters with Elysabeth Kleinhans), has become more aggressive in pursuing international work.
KLIMENT--Stephen A., Architect, author, teacher and editor, Stephen Kliment touched our lives as colleague and mentor.
(Brantley) ‘FLAMINGO COURT’ Three stories under one roof, aimed squarely at the AARP crowd.
News reports said he was released on bail, a claim his publicist here, Jennifer Allen, said she could not immediately confirm.
Wearing a white yarmulke, he rekindled a flame and paused for a few moments of quiet reflection as he laid a wreath on a tomb that contains ashes from Nazi extermination camps.
Thomas Kelly, a Chase spokesman, conceded that the bank had made some mistakes in the Schuessler case, especially the fact that the branch teller had not advised the borrowers where to send their payment when it was rejected.
HOURS Lunch or brunch from noon to 2:30 p.m. Monday through Friday and from 11 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. Saturday and Sunday.
One such briefing took place in February at Al Kindi Base, the Second Iraqi Army Division’s ramshackle headquarters.
“All the parents from the school have signed the agreement, although we’re not very satisfied with it,” Mr. Zhang said.
Liao Minhui had aspirations for his daughter.
My mother was disappointed that I served breakfast and lunch in a casino cafe rather than soft drinks and cocktails on the casino floor — college was expensive, and breakfast tips were scant.
“Very often poverty is related to a health shock or an injury, or the lack of an able-bodied person,” Mr. Dollar said.
“People have no idea they should eat less than a teaspoon of salt a day.
Before a large, raucous crowd in a pavilion in Nevada on Saturday evening, Ms. Palin called on Americans to “pull together” and to offer help to those affected by the storm.
No team in the N.F.L.
“We know that greenhouse gases contribute to climate change ,” Governor Sebelius wrote in a news release.
Because it’s more visible online, people are blaming technology rather than trying to solve the underlying problems of the kids that are hurting.”
But the immediate risks of not spending them could be grave.
UConn quarterback Tyler Lorenzen ran for 73 yards and 2 touchdowns.
And on the irrationality of religion, he leans heavily on the work of Christopher Hitchens and Sam Harris.
But with the exception of fish, today it is vanishingly rare to find wild foods in our marketplaces.
But that hardly dampened spirits in Tskhinvali.
“Weeds” has made Showtime the official network of subpar parenting, and “Californication” extends the brand.
There were three all-terrain vehicles for getting around on the hilly 40 acres; a motorboat; several ovens in various states of disrepair; a 1948 British sports car, an Alvis Duncan, with fenders piled up next to it.
“It’s harder now, because she also tosses more into the court, and that also means that when she lands after the serve she’s in a better position to deal with the return.” THE LONG VIEW Because Ivanovic is still young, her coaches haven’t tapped into the power workouts yet.
“But do they call for the input of the voodooists?” he asked, shaking his head.
The National Society of Film Critics named “There Will Be Blood,” directed by Paul Thomas Anderson and starring Daniel Day-Lewis , right, as a greedy oil speculator, as the best picture of 2007.
Mr. Rivelle is a co-manager of the firm’s flagship mutual fund, Metropolitan West Total Return Bond, which returned 6.5 percent last year, according to Morningstar.
Donnie Walsh , the team president, appointed Gabriel as the director of pro scouting and free agency, a newly created position.
In the United States, the Federal Reserve did the same thing beginning in the late 1990s.
“I fear the economy will get worse before it gets better,” Mr. Spano said in a statement released before the Monday vote, withdrawing his proposed pay raises for commissioners and managers.
Rose: In France, my students go outside for their recess breaks in all sorts of weather... .
It would take a dozen U.N. interpretors to figure out what the hell Ian Astbury is singing about, but then again they’d be too busy dancing anyway.
When you are passing other cyclists or pedestrians from behind, give a polite ring on your bell to let them know you’re passing and pass only when you have adequate space.
He was alive and here, with his girl, in the midst of the cheerful clamor of midday, and it was spring, and he would live forever.
BROADWAY debuts ain’t what they used to be.
A microphone for the Wii called Wii Speak will be available as an option for a new version of Animal Crossing, a virtual zookeeper game, this holiday season.
While no one besides Detective Isnora and a second detective, Hispolito Sanchez, has said they heard Mr. Guzman say “get my gun,” witness after witness, all friends of Mr. Bell who had celebrated his bachelor party that morning, said there was talk of guns during the argument.
“For us, 75 or 80 percent of our listening tends to be between the hours of nine and five,” he said.
The Rockets’ Tracy McGrady sat out with a sore left knee.
“Companies responded to those rising risks by saving more,” Professor Stulz, whose study excluded utilities and financial companies because their cash reserves are monitored by regulators, told The New York Times.
The relative calm of the hotels can be reached right from within the airport or via a short, often free shuttle ride.
“Toward the end of the year, we made a dramatic improvement.
“I wouldn’t call it pension reform.” Charles M. Brecher, research director for the Citizens Budget Commission, a business-backed watchdog group, praised the move.
“If you open your mind and your palate to it, you’ll realize that, hey, flour tastes like something.
“When you have a kid whose cholesterol looks like an overweight 65-year-old, what do you do?” said Dr. David Ludwig, director of the childhood obesity program at Children’s Hospital in Boston.
But by Tuesday night, we’ll have reached our destination, and people in the Obama and McCain camps are feeling good about themselves.
Several Republicans said Mr. Bolten was planning to recruit his predecessor, Andrew H. Card Jr., to help guide this year’s transition.
The plan, as dreamed up by Motown’s founder and the architect of its sound, Berry Gordy Jr., was not so much to make black music safe for a white audience but to make it colorblind, to get black and white kids out on the dance floor together without their having to think about it too much.
Public water supplies are regulated by the federal government.
The document’s authors conceded that H.I.V.
The world of Queens hospitals is by and large far removed from that of their more prestigious brethren in Manhattan.
He agrees to marry, sight unseen, the mistress of a prominent — and married — government official in return for a good job that will enable him to send money home to his pious family in the dusty provincial town of al-Quanatir.
American Express, MasterCard, Visa and Discover are accepted.
We are learning from the last two elections and we now have the credo ‘Never again.’ If we lose, we lose.
On her cellphone trying to get an appointment with her colonic therapist, she is not happy to have to explain to a bartender how to make a kir royale.
A Seoul court handed down a 10-year prison term to a 70-year-old man who set the fire that destroyed the country’s most prominent landmark in February.
For reverse, it’s a return-to-neutral-and-push-all-the-way-in-and-down maneuver.
The candidates to replace Mr. Bush, Senator John McCain and Senator Barack Obama, were far from Washington, bit actors at best in helping to resolve a crisis that one of them will inherit.
Long Island Rail Road trains will operate on a weekend schedule and Metro-North trains on a Saturday schedule.
The organization, Mr. Bargetto said, is planning its own economic study, which it would use to buttress arguments about the advantages of keeping theaters open.
Along with Mr. Foster’s supple pulse, it showcased the bedrock time of Mr. Weiss, a crucial counterweight, and the frolicsome inventions of the other players.
We’d better begin this at the beginning.
A ''home disaster team,'' including Lori Lynn Lively, Joe DeRobbio and Kyle Carlson, nip and tuck the wheeled abodes of deserving families with upgrades including trendy appliances, fresh design elements and stylish furniture.
Venezuela has gone out of its way to strengthen relations with Russia.
“Freaks and Geeks” is sweet and quietly funny, and it gave rise to the careers, as its devoted fans will remind you, of Seth Rogen, James Franco and Jason Segel, essential purveyors of the Apatow ethos.
UCONN 84, NOTRE DAME 78 A. J.
Just as presidential candidates are often as close to a snow-capped mountain as an incoming Pacific wave, they are almost always equidistant from a pious environmentalist on his way to lunch at the Ivy and a young mother who says Christian values are the most important thing a candidate can possess.
“There is a subtle line between having enough money to do what you have to do versus having enough money to do anything you want to do,” Professor Dittmar said.
The three Detroit automakers now plan to cut significantly production of trucks and build more passenger cars.
Even though he had no retail banking experience, Mr. Pandit so far has earned fairly strong marks from some Wall Street analysts.
Marilyn Kavelesky, 75, who lives in Hawthorne and walks in the center regularly, said the white deer was the highlight of her visits.
At its most basic level, General Odierno explained, the premise of this “surge” was that ordinary Iraqis didn’t want the violence.
Some critics of the settlement’s structure — including Representative Edward J. Markey, a Massachusetts Democrat and a senior member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee — complained that the agreement contained no guarantee that victims would be paid.
Bright, a visiting lecturer at Yale Law School and president of the Southern Center for Human Rights.
Period.” New Jersey is home to an estimated 25,000 Sikhs, and you don’t have to talk to too many of them before you start hearing accounts of epithets, bias and ignorant commentary along the lines of “Osama, go home”; and also of the difficult decision some Sikh men have made to stop wearing their turbans.
According to Miller Samuel, it was up to $917,000 from $840,000, suggesting high prices for many types of apartments.
They noted that the plan promised 63,000 new seats in new school buildings, leased spaces or additions, and that two new schools were expected to open in Lower Manhattan in 2010.
But Eric Schultz, a spokesman for the campaign, points to signs of strength.
The U.S. may be the richest country on earth, but the economy is tanking, its working families are in trouble, it is bogged down in a multitrillion-dollar war of its own making and the price of gasoline has nitwits siphoning supplies from the cars and trucks of strangers.
” The captain was leaning forward at the desk with his long, narrow dark hands clasped before him, which intensified the sainted look.
“I like to say that I live in a small city with a big-city vibe,” said Jordan Bachelder, 29, a financial adviser who traded a rental studio apartment in the Murray Hill section of Manhattan for a one-bedroom condo here in 2004.
Those fans will sit in cushioned seats with teak arms and have access to three clubs, private bathrooms and waiter service.
How come?’ ” said Representative Joe Baca, chairman of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, who met with them to analyze the contenders.
“John McCain’s age, which hadn’t been an issue in the campaign, suddenly became one,” Mr. Hildebrand said.
“With this economic downturn, Rhode Island definitely started to feel the pinch a year ago.” There are several reasons Rhode Island has fared so poorly in the economic crisis gripping the country.
The movie then skips ahead 10 years to discover this obnoxious Lothario living high in New York City off the millions he has made from his invention of the paper-cup sleeve.
I was perfectly content with the way everything looked before.
Pimps crush runaway girls with a mix of violence and affection, degradation and gifts, and then require absolute obedience to a rigid code: the girl cannot look the pimp in the eye, call him by his name, or keep any cash.
The court ruled that Ms. Ortiz was in the limelight by dint of her relationship with her sister and ordered her to pay around $57,000 in court costs.
A judge has put gray wolves in the Northern Rockies back on the endangered species list about seven months after the federal government took them off.
Or Mr. Edwards will endorse Mr. Obama and Mrs. Edwards will endorse Mrs. Clinton.
Friday at 8 p.m.; Saturday at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sunday at 3 p.m.; Tuesday through Thursday at 7 p.m.; City Center, 131 West 55th Street, Manhattan, (212) 581-1212, paultaylor.org ; $15 to $125; $750 for Tuesday’s gala, including a dinner and dance.
“Band Together: Rock the House,” a benefit concert for the Pilot House Special Needs Foundation, featuring various artists.
Julio Angarita, 59, is aware of the flaws in his apartment in Greenwood Heights, Brooklyn, but he is still happy to call it home.
That will probably raise the cost of borrowing such shares, and it could provide a temporary boost to the share prices.
Haydn is up to his typical mischief in this complex work, and the Belcea players captured the humor and boldness in their cagey performance.
KEY BISCAYNE, Fla. Tennis is never better or more vibrant than when the Williams sisters are in the hunt.
Directed by Kenny Ortega; written by Peter Barsocchini; director of photography, Daniel Aranyo; edited by Don Brochu; music by David Lawrence; choreography by Mr. Ortega, Charles Klapow and Bonnie Story; production designer, Mark Hofeling; produced by Bill Borden and Barry Rosenbush; released by Walt Disney Pictures.
“If you don’t adjust, you’ll just go crazy.”
A major question facing the 11,000 residents is the future of the 20 square miles that can be further developed.
In Judge Weinstein’s order last week, he noted that the defendant, Humberto Pepin Taveras, had agreed to plead guilty in order to obtain a lesser sentence and pointed out that the costs of the case had already reached $1.5 million and were likely to increase.
Officers called for an ambulance at 12:47 a.m., after they subdued Mr. Woodman, standard procedure because they thought he was drunk, Mr. Davis said.
She is the director of artist management for Young Concert Artists, a nonprofit organization in New York that helps develop the careers of promising young classical musicians.
“My colleagues said, ‘You’re the lucky one.
But I will emphasize again the importance of keeping sherries refrigerated.
Changes in currency exchange rates increased revenue by 7 percentage points during the quarter.
The report on rebuilding Iraq was part of a seven-volume series by RAND on the lessons learned from the war.
The digital creations of the teams were judged by a diverse panel that included musicians, filmmakers, museum curators, a physicist, a tattoo artist, critics and Pete Connolly, an art director from Goodby, Silverstein & Partners, the Hewlett-Packard creative agency.
Mr. Hickam said that the new title was used because market researchers found that “Rocket Boys” would not appeal to women over 30.
If Genesco lost on solvency but got a ruling that UBS had to fund at an appropriate level, what would have happened in Tennessee?
“With the Arabic girls who come to work here, you get two types,” the Egyptian woman said.
The militants were able to kill a skilled and experienced commander who had been entrusted with providing security for one of the most powerful Sunni leaders in Iraq.
The study also showed a large drop in CO 2 concentration from the previous summer, probably because floods delayed the growing season this year, Dr. Andrews said.
“We’ve lost our team spirit.
But what Albany needs is fundamental reform.
Critics argue that even so, it may still be possible to trace the data back to particular users.
But what’s so special about the Jersey tomato?
The new owners paid him $2 million to settle his lawsuit against them, according to court documents.
Onsite parking, $8; free offsite parking with free shuttle service to the garden.
“He took the tough road, but if you want to play this game, you take any road you can.” Tollefson has support at home.
“Ka-ching, ka-ching,” Mrs. Aston said.
American music competitions like to think big, and what more appropriate gesture than to set winners down in the grandest of American concert halls.
Walking into Madeline’s on a pleasant late-summer evening was a bit like entering a movie theater on a sunny day: Our eyes needed time to adjust to the dim lighting, the deep red wallpaper and the intricately carved black wooden dividers that separated the banquettes.
But Mr. Pellicano grew sick of listening to Mr. Russo, Mr. Sender said.
Is that a reason not to move forward?
Mr. Schmidt said he still believed an independent Yahoo would be good for the industry and he had no regrets.
The federal Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Act awards $250,000 to the families of public safety officers — professional and volunteer — killed on the job, and when the officials contacted them, his family was led to believe he would surely be covered and honored for his sacrifice.
He also said he was happy to have Mr. Myers, the horn player, perform on Thursday (playing a Mozart concerto) because of the limited state of Chinese brass playing.
Its wonderful staircase is closed to tourists because the banister is too low and the risk of accidents too high.
And China is creating a reserve that should reach more than 100 million barrels by 2010.
Little over a year ago, in Spain, designers were commanded to choose models based on a healthy body mass index; physicians were installed at Italian casting calls; Diane von Furstenberg, the president of the Council of Fashion Designers of America, and Anna Wintour, the editor of Vogue, called a conference to ventilate the issue of unhealthy body imagery and eating disorders among models.
232 in Howard Beach, Queens, for her 5-year-old daughter, Kiera, only to discover in September that she had to apply for a variance to get bused from their home on the Rockaway Peninsula, about seven miles away.
My first meeting with him was to get a sense of his background, his character.” The two walked around the city, he said, and Mr. Ricco agreed to take the case.
Designed by Robert A. M. Stern, the addition cost $19 million, almost double the initial projections.
(Chinen) JONATHAN GOLDBERGER TRIO (Wednesday) Jonathan Goldberger, a young guitarist with atmospheric inclinations, performs under the banner of Stochastic Brooklyn, a weekly experimental series, in a trio with Briggan Krauss on alto saxophone and Andrew Drury on drums.
The reductions went into effect a day after the Czech government signed a missile-shield agreement with the United States that Russia had opposed.
Coaches are held accountable for what their student-athletes do on and off the field, 24 hours a day.
It had sales last year of $1.3 billion.
“It’s nice to have one win,” Beasley said, “but it’s better to have two or three.”
The four “preliminary screw-ups” are “The Prince,” Descartes’s “Discourse on Method,” “Leviathan” (poor Hobbes; always the fall guy) and Rousseau’s “Second Discourse.” A “dishonorable mention” goes to “The Feminine Mystique,” by Betty Friedan (an atheist, and “quite homely” to boot).
Tess always kept her work in an orderly fashion, but this file, entered into the black-and-white Roaring Spring composition books that Tess always favored, was a masterpiece of color-coding and charting.
He found an outlet in football.
Many people would have been insulted by such advice — don’t we all master this skill as a 1-year-old?
Several paintings are being kept by the family for sentimental reasons, Charlène von Saher said.
“I heard rumors,” she said.
The Deutsche Bank goalie Danny Lee, above, mourns a puck that got by.
But on second thought, is it another sign that he’s trying so hard to be perfect that it’s stultifying?
Just watch.” What people are watching now is a five-time All-Star center fielder whose career appears to be in decline.
Mr. Mitchell did not expect much from the job.
Mr. Russert’s colleagues talked Sunday about his competitiveness — how he measured his success by the ability to drive the news cycle.
GRIZZLIES 125, CLIPPERS 120 Rudy Gay scored a career-high 34 points and Memphis made its free throws down the stretch to beat visiting Los Angeles in overtime.
In a dingy storefront on a noisy block in the middle of Gaza City, metal shelves bulge with dusty audiotapes extolling Hamas , Fatah and Islamic Jihad.
The Camden Snow Bowl is also home to the United States National Toboggan Championships, on Feb. 6 to 8 this season.
And I was like: “Perfect!
DeMarcus Nelson to the line with 2.7 seconds left.
Dearest father to Andrew, loving brother to Raphael Ben Yosef.
But officials from both sides said these negotiations were not likely to be as contentious as last year’s talks with the stagehands’ union, which culminated in a 19-day strike that shut down most of Broadway.
“This case has haunted this community,” said the Cuyahoga County prosecutor, Bill Mason.
Intellectual debate may never replace dramatic fireworks onstage, but with its sharp yet nuanced dialogue “The Conscientious Objector” shows how theater can be absorbing and also earn a place in today’s political conversation.
Unfortunately, there’s something about Romney’s perfect grooming, his malleability and his gee-whiz aura that seems to really irritate both the other candidates and the voters.
The United States has generally opted for financial innovation.
But video never became an important part of CNet.
Gross recovered in a hospital, Ms. Johnson fled.
In a move that would create a German “super bank”, Munich-based insurance giant Allianz is said to be considering a three-way merger of its troubled subsidiary Dresdner Bank with Commerzbank and Deutsche Postbank , German daily Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung reported.
... Antoine Pearson’s underhanded heave in the lane with 9.1 seconds left lifted host Manhattan over Morgan State, 61-60.
“Otherwise, it is still a fight.” When the power goes out, the lights of Hamilton Court bathe Chakkarpur in a dusky glow.
But ''Love Child'' is not one of them.
If that happens, word will get around, and that could have a chilling effect on recruiting.” More than 170,000 contractors now work for the military and other American agencies in Iraq, more than the total number of American troops in the country.
It was almost as if she was beginning to grow out of the intense concentration it takes to reach the level she reached, a kind of concentration that began well before her mother died, when Henin was 12.
He would watch tape and engage scouts in discussions about what he saw.
And after this drama, what?
David Rockwell’s complex set is handsome, with haunting coffin-shaped holes opening in the stage floor as disease and death dominate the discourse.
He thanked his father for teaching him that.
Perhaps humorless power-lust prevented Greenberg from seeing that if, as he said, Abstract Expressionism was Baroque, then Color Field might be Rococo: beautiful, sometimes frivolous and even comedic.
“But you have to look at the majority of the institutions.
In October, it will be in New York.
Given the riches held by sovereign wealth funds these days, it would not be surprising to see some of these government-run funds emerge as major Visa shareholders.
I got an internship in the polyurethanes group at the Mobay Chemical Company in New Martinsville.
For example, insurers often refuse to cover more than 20 visits a year to a psychotherapist.
Kim hit a huge drive off the second tee, followed it with an iron shot within six feet at the 505-yard, par 5 for eagle and made the putt to take a 1-up lead.
Graham is charged with three counts of making false statements to federal agents.
To gauge quality, ask local merchants and restaurateurs which are most popular.
The library here in Spring has proved the second-busiest location in Harris County, with nearly 9,500 voters through Wednesday; only a polling center in Houston drew more.
Burk’s time of 8 minutes 2 seconds at Henley in 1938 eclipsed the longstanding record time there by eight seconds.
Representative James L. Oberstar, a Minnesota Democrat and chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, opposes mergers among big hub-and-spoke airlines as anticompetitive.
“It is a bedrock American principle that we are all equal in the voting booth,” Mrs. Clinton said.
The law does not specifically ban volatile pension investments, but if a company suffers losses big enough to throw it off the seven-year path to full funding, then it no longer gets seven years — it has to achieve 100 percent funding right away.
further undermined confidence because, within the space of several days, the government did a complete about-face.
By the time he graduated, headed for Harvard's law and business schools, he was already a husband and a father.
FROMMER--Rose Kasusch of West Palm Beach, FL died peacefully at the age of 88 on October 26th, 2008.
“First there was this noxious smell, like a very, very strong sulfur,” Mr. Taylor recalled.
The question is addressed by the exhibit at the Museum of the City of New York and a companion book, “Catholics in New York,” published by Fordham University Press with essays by Terry Golway, Pete Hamill, The Times’s Dan Barry, by William Donohue — recalling his tenure at a Catholic school in East Harlem that since closed because of declining enrollment — and by the novelist Peter Quinn.
Once again, I think President Bush is a little confused.
WHEN Damian Woetzel takes his final bow on Wednesday as a principal dancer for New York City Ballet, balletomanes everywhere will grieve.
Mr. Markus said the minimum dollar amounts in supplemental increases had been authorized by the board numerous times, though not recently.
Relations between the farmers and students were complex; if she failed and was forced to return to the village, she worried that she would be given all the dirty jobs.
The tall, strong-armed quarterback Nathan Enderle will enter his sophomore year with the experience to lead the Vandals offense after starting 10 games as a freshman.
Sales are down 20 percent from November 2006, underscoring the problems plaguing the housing sector.
But the animals were also in good health and apparently well taken care of, she said.
The mission of the organization is to empower the Masai people economically by advocating for education and by leading a campaign to eradicate such practices as female genital mutilation .
Nothing is writ, good or ill.
Mentor had a 26.3 percent stake in Flomerics in March, while a fifth is held by company management and staff.
Within a year or so, with business slow, the store closed.
Jane Reiss, the chief marketing officer at NYC & Company , said the campaign was committed to representing more of the city’s diversity in terms of people and places.
To the contrary, if we rely on more drilling, America’s role as a world superpower will vanish along with the coral reefs and polar bears.
So companies have for decades provided faculty and students free food and gifts, offered lucrative consulting arrangements to top-notch teachers and even ghost-wrote research papers for busy professors.
“We have received the letter and have been reviewing the issues,” she said.
The Pulitzers, administered by Columbia University, are widely regarded as the most prestigious awards for American newspaper reporting and commentary.
It is a supremely moving work on both levels, and this second New York staging (the first was at the Brooklyn Academy of Music in 1981) is woefully overdue.
Ms. Rice spent the day at a meeting of NATO foreign ministers on many issues, including Greece’s refusal to accept full alliance membership for Macedonia, the former Yugoslav republic, unless it changed its name and whether admitting Georgia and Ukraine would anger Russia.
Jazzfest, which took place this year on seven days from April 25 through Sunday, revolves around familiar songs, distinctive rituals and the time-tested recipes of its justly celebrated food vendors.
“The neighbors won’t accept us.” Ms. Pinto’s family is among an estimated 100,000 East Timorese — about a tenth of the population — who have been ejected from their homes and communities by violence in recent years.
“In the last three months, she just relaxed and let it rip,” said Gov.
“The real measure of success will be the much larger audience that will come when we open our first big exhibit,” he said.
They had tried to work out a deal with his Russian team to allow him to come to New York, but in a tragic instant Monday, all the hope and promise was snuffed out as Cherepanov collapsed during a Russian league game and later died.
at a low point in terms of resale value, and you’re buying a 4-cylinder Camry, a hotter segment, you’re buying high and selling low.” Some consumers want to remain in a large vehicle, but hope to find one that is more efficient.
As a start, China should remove the hot-headed Communist Party secretary for Tibet, Zhang Qingli, who brightens any room by leaving it.
He is a solid middle-aged man who moves his body without embarrassment or pride, comfortable in his perfect skin.
In recent days at least 160,000 people have been moved from low-lying areas, and the prospect of moving hundreds of thousands of others is likely to further strain a government struggling to provide food, water and shelter to the 15 million whose homes were destroyed.
But the doleful tone may also echo viewers’ anxieties about a beloved series that began with so much flair and so little fanfare and quickly amassed high praise, Emmy awards and ever higher expectations.
“No, these are stamped in Mexico , but we need something showing you were in the United States then,” a consulate worker informed him and his sons.
Many of these new buildings become available for occupancy this year.
He said he knew what Mr. Quasthoff wanted.
These programs have historically been marketed — and marketed aggressively — in exactly those terms, and this pulls the rug out from under that,” said Tim Winship, an editor for SmarterTravel.com and the publisher of FrequentFlier.com .
When she regained consciousness five days later, she was completely altered from the healthy, normal infant she had been.
The shows will feature works of renowned black choreographers.
These are the same Jets who sauntered into Tennessee last month and dropped the Titans from the ranks of the unbeaten, the same Jets who vanquished the ghosts of Patriots past the week before with a victory in Foxborough, Mass.
Each station should feature a large piece of poster board on which you have pasted a document or excerpt from a document related to the topics of college education, college majors and career options.
This is handy, for the show includes many younger artists who will probably not be familiar to visitors; I know several were new to me.
A spokesman for Mr. Obama, Tommy Vietor, turned the focus to Mr. McCain, saying in a statement, ''It's the height of hypocrisy for the McCain campaign to try and make this an issue when John Green, a top adviser to Mr. McCain, lobbied for Ameriquest, which was one of the nation's largest subprime lenders and a key player in the mortgage crisis.''
Sony hatched hits with “Hancock,” a Will Smith entry that sold $226.5 million in tickets at the domestic box office, and three modestly budgeted comedies, including Mr. Sandler’s “You Don’t Mess With the Zohan.” “Comedies, even R-rated ones, continue to perform very well,” said Rory Bruer, Sony’s president for distribution.
“There are a number of delegations that don’t believe the Council should be engaged on this, which is regrettable,” said the official, Alejandro D. Wolff, the deputy American ambassador.
Prices for nine-day packages start at $1,850 a person, based on double occupancy.
An office worker until he was almost 40, he gave it up to devote himself to visionary painting.
I found them to be under no illusions about the risks they ran and the likelihood of any short-term success.
But others who argued three years ago that H5N1 would not “go pandemic” are feeling a bit smug.
GETTING IN Try not to mention which senator you work for.
The current rules were meant to make the awards more accessible to independent filmmakers.
The Rockefeller Foundation, for example, helped pay for Mr. Sass’s project and is also a sponsor of the overall exhibition, along with the Lily Auchincloss Foundation.
They can file under Chapter 7, the so-called fresh start, which eliminates many unsecured debts like credit card charges and medical bills.
But only a small fraction of late claims qualified, and federal courts repeatedly denied subsequent requests to reopen the settlement.
In the West, Washington Mutual, the nation’s largest savings and loan, is being hurt by loans that it made to borrowers with shaky credit.
program to intercept conversations between the two men.
Every eligible position player took part in the Yankees ’ 12-4 rout of the Minnesota Twins on Monday.
The downturn in the housing market has put enormous pressure on home builders.
The $1 million bonus has resulted in “a pretty significant increase” in entries, said a spokesman for Frito-Lay in Plano, Tex., Chris Kuechenmeister to more than 1,700 from about 1,100 for a previous contest.
Without government backing, Lehman began trying to find a buyer, focusing on Barclays , the big British bank, and Bank of America.
Jan. 29, 31; Feb. 3.
On the northern and southern sides of the building, he added, little glass panels would be put in place — similar to plywood barriers temporarily installed after the previous stunts — to prevent people from climbing onto the canopies.
It would be wrong to describe Mr. Kelly’s time running AOL’s ad unit as glory years.
Super Blu BH200 from LG ($750 online) is the successor to last year’s BH100, which was a true-blue Blu-ray deck with profoundly crippled HD DVD playback; for example, it couldn’t display any of the menus on an HD DVD disc, which is something of a drawback.
Nielsen said on Monday that it had agreed to acquire IAG Research in New York for $225 million in cash.
Mr. Ackerman said he came up with “sci-fi” in 1954.
But while it struggled to stay alive, it might have done well to attach its name to a mob family.
The Chinese attitude is no doubt bolstered by the lame-duck status of the Bush administration and by the fact that the United States is widely seen as having squandered its political and military leadership during the war in Iraq , which China opposed.
If you have a new smartphone, you are likely to have an unlimited data plan already.
The sunshine you brought to all of our lives, as well as the girls of Waziyatah, and all who knew you, will be in our hearts forever.
Set in Corpus Christi, Tex., where McNally grew up, it turns the story of Jesus and his disciples into a parable about the persecution of gays.
1 pick instead of you,” Long was asked what his favorite team was.
Indeed, there’s too much to list here.
(“Good job, you’ve served the last 30 seconds of your time out beautifully.”) “Medication helps,” said Dr. Abikoff, “but for children on the far end of the spectrum, treatment like the camp is often not enough.” For Mrs. Federbush — whose two older children do not have these issues — bringing the model home has helped.
Drury pointed to the Rangers’ 5-3 victory over Montreal on Feb. 3 — a game in which Jagr did not have a point — as an example.
''My season is over, and there's a pretty decent chance I've thrown my last pitch forever,'' he told a radio station.
According to Nielsen’s estimates “American Idol” at 8 p.m. drew the largest audience of the night, 26 million viewers, while 16.9 million tuned in at 9 for “The Moment of Truth.” CBS ranked second with comedy repeats followed by a “Criminal Minds” rerun at 9 (10.4 million) and a new episode of “CSI: NY” at 10 (10.7 million), which led its time slot ahead of NBC’s “Law & Order” (10.1 million).
They look calculatedly safe and aimed to please in their recycling and refining of a careful selection of previous ideas.
90 Hard-cook some eggs; slice them.
Seeing film of Ms. Thomas blowing out candles on a birthday cake held by Mr. Clinton or smiling and laughing with Pat Nixon, you will be reminded of the days when news conferences were the major way that administrations delivered — and controlled — their messages.
The bridegroom graduated from the University of Pennsylvania.
A doctor treats a 30-year-old woman in normal, unremarkable health.
The math was in our favor, and the idea that a cruel joke could only be played on one organization but for so long gave us power.
The facts, at least, are straightforward enough.
Orange Army to surround the location as a human shield.
American and European banks acquired minority stakes in many Asian banks in recent years, hoping to capitalize on fast-growing economies that often had nascent consumer credit businesses.
This week Mr. Tyson and his new advisers will fly to the south of France for the Cannes Film Festival , where a new documentary about his life, “Tyson,” will make its premiere.
But what then, given Nitro’s modest capabilities, is its raison d’être?
Mr. McCain bought time for television advertisements to begin running as soon as Friday in what Democrats were describing as a vigorous move that they estimated cost $3 million or more.
“There is a supply-and-demand issue with finding enough Democrats who have had senior-level positions,” said Nels Olson, of the recruiting firm Korn/Ferry International.
As for Mr. Giuliani, Mr. McCain’s advisers had once viewed him as a threat since he was competing for many of the same moderate voters.
The two leaders of the panel plan to join Robert Curvin, the fund’s chairman, and Mary McCormick, its executive director, and city officials for a ceremony on Wednesday to honor the six award recipients this year.
“I learn from them every day.” Monique Semedo, 26, was a junior docent at the Hudson River Museum for four years.
(Decades later, another notorious killer would come through town.
Her mother is a paralegal who works for the city attorney for the city of Show Low.
Phil Mickelson finished his round in the gloaming with a one-under-par 71, leaving him feeling good about his game and his position — largely because of a nearly impossible birdie at the first hole.
In an angry follow-up letter to Eric Schmidt, the C.E.O.
Father of William (Lynn), Richard (Sharon), the late Gilbert (Naomi Danis), and Sara Hohn (Michael).
More Ned Flanders than Woody Hayes, Stewart is clearly one of the more fascinating characters to emerge recently in college football.
“The new dome is just gorgeous.” Just before the reopening, the theater received word that it had been recommended by a state review board for listing on both the New Jersey and National Registers of Historic Places.
FROSTY RESPONSE Lawmakers and Bush administration officials gave a chilly reception to a plan to let the Treasury Department lend directly to homeowners to help ease the housing crisis.
“The truest test of leadership comes during periods of adversity.” There is a reason why Messier saw Sundin’s refusal to be traded this way.
“I’m running for president to make sure that cars of the future are made where they’ve always been made, right here in Michigan.” Mr. Obama was clearly hoping to change some minds in his first visit to the state this year.
The meal also included chicken breasts cooked with lemon and herbs de Provence, roasted sliced russet potatoes and haricots verts seasoned with bacon and onion.
Little attention is being paid to the unfair burden Tasers will place on communities of color.
For your caption to be considered, follow the guidelines .
One Saturday, after a match-play club championship, she walked into the clubhouse after the first round.
Most important, the network has designed a video player built for social networking: users can watch Fox videos, create customized playlists, post individual videos on their profiles, and share the clips with friends in the Facebook environment.
Manhattan Theater Club at City Center, 131 West 55th Street, (212) 581-1212.
That he clean to her standards?
Equine Acquisitions’ former trainer, Greg Martin, had his license revoked in 2005 for using an illegal performance-enhancing drug on a company horse.
“I think it is a good idea, and it is something we are considering,” said Dr. Bob Rappaport, the director of the division of Anesthesia, Analgesia and Rheumatology Products at the F.D.A.
They said they were concerned that the public was missing out on the excitement and relevance of science.
As an 18-year-old student with an interest in the Internet, Zhu Nan had been itching to say something about the country’s pervasive online censorship system, widely known here as the Great Firewall.
“Don’t worry; you won’t turn out like me,” her mother said.
I get a tiny bit bored, and then I get very ambitious.”
But it also includes a host of handouts to first-time home buyers, longtime homeowners, returning veterans and senior citizens seeking to tap their home equity.
These dinners for 12 are a cross between an intimate evening and a party.
Thanksgiving, for some reason, fills people with an extra dimension of dread.
They remained consumed by the culture war that divided their generation.
Work began 18 months ago.
He works most nights until 6 or 7 a.m., and begins again when he wakes in the early afternoon.
Ms. Courtney said little embellishments are what make the package a success.
But voters’ attention shifted toward personal contrasts that favored the genial Texas governor over the sometimes-awkward Mr. Gore.
The automaker invested $175 million to update its Janesville plant so it could churn out refashioned S.U.V.’s.
In Chicago, the futures market was talking about halting trading in stock index futures because there were not enough stocks trading to know what the futures were worth.
Season with salt and pepper.
Segways, however, have experienced some technical problems.
Artisans build machines and use them but do not think about why they work.
At Hawthorne, Denis of Cork is expected to be favored in Saturday’s Illinois Derby.
A lawyer representing Quiznos said the company had no involvement in the creative aspects of the consumer videos.
On the one hand, she’s got a breathy sultriness and sinuous dance moves.
I missed it, but I didn’t miss the influence of his pointillistic, interlocking patterns.
But this is tryout time, a few weeks when contenders can audition for a historically important job before Gov.
Austin warned of the Pontiac’s slipping clutch and worn outer front tire.
Six in 10 Huckabee supporters said it mattered a great deal that a presidential candidate shared their religious beliefs.
“I’ve seen it before, your people talking to women and asking them why they’re not veiled.” Mr. Sulaih, embarrassed by the challenge, said, “It’s not true.” Mr. Qabai made it clear that he detested the Muslim Brotherhood, getting more and more worked up, until finally he was screaming.
Mr. Crosby, dressed in full uniform, pads and all, was positioned on a platform, in front of a green screen.
They were unlikely pacesetters, with Wright and Lang winless in 157 L.P.G.A.
Ms. Taylor is not alone, however, in worrying that the sport that once spawned a national craze is headed for the same fate it met in the mid-1970s, when it skidded from the popular consciousness as unceremoniously as the Bee Gees.
Even if two diners share dessert, as I often did with my companion on a given night, that’s $43 per person right there — crucially over budget.
“I was feeling pretty good,” said Singh, who earned $648,000.
The team co-owner Dennis Reinbold said: “It’s a tough undertaking, but they had capable people who knew what they were doing and could pull it off.
Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton drew praise from an unlikely source — Richard Mellon Scaife, the right-wing billionaire who, in the 1990s, “donated $1.8 million to The American Spectator magazine for what became known as the ‘Arkansas Project’ — an unflattering excavation of the Clintons’ personal lives in Arkansas,” Michael Barbaro of The New York Times writes today.
Suresh Chander, a Hindu priest, officiated.
He was named captain at the beginning of the year, and he’s done his job as captain.” That has impressed Boeckman’s teammates the most.
But there is a sense that a shift is under way, with the young Lakers, the Hornets and the Utah Jazz supplanting the Spurs, the Suns and the Dallas Mavericks as the top powers.
“You always knew that after summer, you go back to classes.
These ghoulish touches are gratuitous and a bit puzzling.
If I picked the right door initially and then changed it to the wrong door, I would kick myself over it forever, but if I picked the wrong door, I can shrug my shoulders and say that it wasn’t meant to be.
Hours: Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Bruce Museum, 1 Museum Drive.
The rate at which innocent people are convicted of felonies is, he said, less than three-hundredths of 1 percent — .027 percent, to be exact.
“In retrospect, we didn’t act fast enough.” After sales began collapsing in late spring, the company announced plans to reduce its pickup and S.U.V.
Thousands of Serbs chanting “Kosovo is Serbia” marched to a bridge dividing them from ethnic Albanians in Mitrovica, long a flash point for violence here.
The calculus of salvage shifted.
Keep just a minimal staff to help organize the press conferences McCain and Palin should have at every stop and the TV interviews they should do at every location.
More economic ripples, and this time it's hitting the cosmetic surgery industry.
The European video broadcasts use a standard called DVB-H, short for Digital Video Broadcasting for Hand-helds, which was developed by the DVB Project, a group of 275 media , entertainment and telecommunications companies based in Geneva.
That was above the 3 percent upper limit of the central bank’s comfort zone and a level that required Mr. King to send a public letter of explanation to Alistair Darling, the chancellor of the Exchequer.
Yet we can’t quite see the clinching detail of her toe, for the tulle of another performer’s skirt blocks our view.
But Foley headed right back when he heard Donovan might return.
Alice Pereira, a spokeswoman for Avis and its Budget Rent a Car subsidiary, said that Avis does the same.
Her mother is the office manager for Powers Drywall, a building contractor in Schaghticoke, N.Y.
Since then, J. C. Penney has become a force in fashion.
But the committee prefers that the street remain in the city’s hands, and it asked for a new plan to be submitted next month, said Susan Stetzer, the district manager of Community Board 3.
There are no hard feelings, but the Blue Jays are not conceding anything about future matchups.
She preferred the ones with less built-up soles, saying the Ryn and Chung Shi shoes were “not worth the expense.”
Pittsburgh, which was 11-0 at home this season and had won its previous 13 there, had beaten Rutgers eight consecutive times.
At the end of last year, 7.86 percent of all home loans were delinquent or in foreclosure, the highest that rate has been since 1979, the earliest year with data available.
The books would drive me to the garden and the sun would drive me back to reading in the shade.
Each is undergoing a kind of 21st-century renaissance, with shops and restaurants moving in, and a new, often young crowd arriving to live or just to play.
A pro-Israel president today would be one who prods the Jewish state — publicly, continuously and vociferously — to create conditions on the West Bank that would allow for the birth of a moderate Palestinian state.
“We understand,” he said, “that there is a very different moral equivalence on the one hand between the white supremacist agenda and on the other advocating equal rights for gays and lesbians.
So, the stories: a girl comes to the States from Southeast Asia with her family, overcomes prejudice, marries and becomes a software entrepreneur with her husband; a Jewish family is supported by their neighborhood when skinheads vandalize their home; a boy from the South Side of Chicago transcends his rough neighborhood and becomes a doctor; a Navy Seal loses the use of his legs but triumphs as a wheelchair athlete.
The first case in which the Supreme Court recognized the state secrets privilege thus perfectly illustrated how problematic it is.
This planned town 25 miles south of Atlanta has 90 miles of golf -cart paths and 9,000 registered carts, one for every four of its 36,000 residents.
But I felt that I had to pay my respects.
But any tomato can make a good sauce.
“Apparently some staffers got the heebie-jeebies from having the ashes around,” he said, “so I.C.P.
Because there are so many people watching.
My kids don’t live at home.
But a drive around town reveals no shortage of for-sale signs.
Each video episode is an auteur product: Mr. Linzy writes, directs, acts, designs and overdubs the supporting characters with his own voice.
On the other, he consistently disagreed with the administration’s prosecution of the war in general and with the judgment of defense Secretary Rumsfeld in particular.
“We at the M.D.C. will continue fully and firmly committed to this dialogue,” he said.
“The front office has done a very good job of accruing talent,” the backup lineman Rob Turner said.
But an extra church tax can push the total rate to half of a high-earning person’s income.
Still, on Sunday, Prime Minister Taro Aso said that Japan and the other countries negotiating with North Korea in “six-party talks” on its nuclear program would have “ample opportunity” to discuss the kidnappings.
It just struck me, how do any of us get up in the morning?''
Her father is a financial adviser in the financial services unit in New York of UBS, the Swiss bank, and from 1994 to 2001 was the publisher of Golf Digest, which was part of The New York Times Company’s Magazine Group.
Officer Torres, police officials said, committed three robberies at two branches of Sovereign Bank — twice in Manhattan and once in Pennsylvania — apparently using some of the $118,305 for a new car, for a diamond engagement ring for his girlfriend and to pay off his student loans .
It is loud and clear: Coughlin has the Giants right where he wants them.
The dining room opened two weeks ago, and there also is a casual tavern menu: 207 Main Street, East Hampton, N.Y., (631) 324-5440.
At nearly every town-hall-style meeting that Senator John McCain conducts with voters these days, he stops to point out someone missing from the room: Senator Barack Obama.
For the near future, the most likely outcome remains slow economic growth, scant income gains for most workers and, for investors, disappointing returns from stocks and real estate.
“Where’s it from?” Mr. Martin shrugged.
But a spokesman for the automaker, Nick Cappa, said adding hybrids, which will be available this fall, reflected the company’s commitment to the full-size sport utility market.
As the equipment has become more affordable, special ultrasound clinics have opened even in the most impoverished parts of the country.
“If what we seek is to strengthen Afghan institutions and strengthen the Afghan government — and that’s what we’ve been saying — then it must be clear to everybody that the debate that we are conducting involves the Afghans fully and has the Afghans in the leading role,” he said.
Missourians are particularly sensitive to river levels after last week, when torrential storms delivered more than 12 inches of rain in some areas.
Beyond that, the big question is: To breathe or not to breathe?
It has taken her nine years to follow up her much lauded feature debut, “Boys Don’t Cry.” “Yes, I should have made a movie sooner,” she said with a deep laugh.
You have a strong connection with someone off the bat.
It is not usually a job for a manager, but Joe Girardi was on the field retrieving the balls, too.
We should be able to know you through our intellect,/ You enlighten us through the right path.” One is tempted, in all this, to dwell on the seeming contradiction between religion and science, between reason and superstition.
“People are tired, distracted, and there’s a lot going on,” she said, adding that the problem is exacerbated when children visit friends or relatives whose homes haven’t been properly safeguarded.
Any hint of a leg swinging over and the colt skittered and shrank, shedding her from its back like a limp blanket.
The craft went into a nauseating flat spin and the pilot, Cmdr.
Four students spent a summer helping with research at different institutions.
“This was nothing like that.
They emerge from intact families, quality neighborhoods and healthy moral cultures.
“Last year we went into games undermanned, thinking if it was close at the end, we could win,” Paul said.
“Believe me, I heard a lot more about Ventura than I ever wanted to.”
But the Congressional Black Caucus has not severed its financial ties to big tobacco.
Missouri’s law was enacted as part of broader legislation cracking down on sexual offenders.
PAGE A6 LEBANON ARMY DEFUSES 8 ROCKETS Lebanese Army soldiers found and dismantled eight Katyusha rockets that were pointed south toward Israel.
They were told they would be paid 75 percent in cash and 25 percent in stock, eliciting a cheer.
ConocoPhillips was unsuccessful on 47 tracts for which it bid $593.6 million.
He added that he was skeptical of arguments that Arkansas could go to the Democrat.
FT. approximate annual rent $211,500 7 West 18th Street Manhattan A creative services agency has taken a five-year lease for the entire 4,700-square-foot third floor in this nine-story building in the Flatiron district.
As Cathy went into labor, my husband stood respectfully by her head to avoid being on the more visceral end of things.
Mr. Boyle and his wife must drive nearly an hour to their jobs in the high-tech corridor of southern Denver.
Robert Boleslaw Zajonc, an only child, was born in Lodz, Poland, on Nov. 23, 1923.
I’d gorge myself with hot dogs, try to catch foul balls and pretend I was a jock like them.
Women OKLAHOMA 87, ST. LOUIS 61 Courtney Paris’s 104th consecutive double-double was a close call, as she needed a strong second half to finish with 13 points and 11 rebounds in No.
Over all, boredom is a state of “being disengaged from one’s environment,” he said, and it reflects a passive relationship to one’s work.
Victor Garcia, 26, a waiter who works at a restaurant nearby, said he saw two men fighting about 5 p.m. and then saw a car pull up.
Fadila Ahmed Mahamat, a great-grandmother whose legs are withered stalks, sat amid the charred ruins of her home, digging holes in the sand with bare, gnarled hands to construct the frame of a makeshift dwelling out of branches from a pen that had been used to keep sheep.
The news followed another wild day on the market; the Dow closed down 128 points, ending a week in which it lost more than 1,800 points, or about 18 percent.
Pan Am evoked the glamour of 1960s air travel; MetLife makes you think of life insurance and car crashes.)
He’s a guy you don’t want to underestimate.” And on his first day of rookie minicamp Friday, the barrel-chested, 200-pound Woodhead said he did not feel he had anything to prove.
The concessions suggested that the two camps were moving closer to an accord that would team up the leading figures of the Democratic Party just months after they ended one of the toughest, closest presidential nomination fights in modern times.
“When warning shots by police proved ineffective, the police used their weapons according to law,” Mr. Xiao said.
It is admittedly not fair that a person with a famous name could get this Senate opportunity instead of some worthy if irritating member of Congress who’s put in the time and paid the dues.
Some institutions have chosen not to accept such sponsorship.
A competitor, the defending gold medalist Lynn Davies of Great Britain, congratulated Beamon and told him, with a sense of awe, “You have destroyed this event.” Now, for a moment, imagine some equivalent of Beamon’s “leap of the century” this month in Beijing.
He dedicates his life to her.
When that held, Doron had nine tricks: two spades, three hearts and four diamonds.
THE doorways have mostly been walled up and tiled over, the escalator dismantled and carted away.
We discussed sports, of course, and how our kids were doing.
Through 2007, the region continued to add 20,000 jobs, although that positive trend has started to change.
But political wild cards like Roy Savage also abound, making every bet risky.
He has played a crucial role in mediating between Iran and the West regarding Iran’s nuclear activities.
Great numbers of Chinese are involved in the market, some speculating with their life savings.
“The fact is that it is a relic and testament to these two terrible days and the actions of criminals.” Mr. Svoray said he was surprised that the dump’s contents were not made public earlier.
He was also awarded four European Theater campaign stars.
WHETHER one believes it was Columbus who actually discovered America or not, he clearly left his mark on Santo Domingo , the breezy capital of the Dominican Republic and the most vibrant of Caribbean cities.
Turns out, none of them are as effective as a Russian immigrant — at least not in Times Square.
In this the genre is only following a tradition that goes back at least to Georges Franju’s punishing “Eyes Without a Face” (1960) and Henri-Georges Clouzot’s grindingly intense “Diabolique” (1955).
But it was difficult for Ms. Mead at 22 to navigate a new relationship, with the added pressures of becoming a stepmother for his three children, ages 3 to 7, and with his mother voicing strong disapproval.
An assistant attorney general for organized crime, Noé Ramírez, resigned last week as part of a law enforcement shake-up by President Felipe Calderón .
For years.” Her mother, Andrea, said: “She simply has to write songs.
What started as a small number of such conspiracy theorists ballooned into a movement of sorts, largely fed by Internet sites and homemade videos.
Top health officials in Austria , Brazil , Colombia and Thailand said in interviews that NICE now strongly influences their policies.
“You ought to be ashamed of yourself, Mr. Mayor,” he said during a news conference.
Aicar improves endurance without training.
Style has also come into play lately, with companies trying to create headsets that look more like fashion accessories than telemarketer’s tools.
Yves Saint Laurent vintage belt.
“We may never be able to fully explain Robert Johnson’s dark night of the soul,” he ponders, “but even less should we try to explain it away, or refuse to admit its hypnotic power.” (Maybe we should make alternative fuels with it.)
Despite its oversize heft and glossy nature photography, ANIMAL LIFE (DK/American Museum of Natural History, $50) is not a coffee-table book to breeze through.
The rotations are designed to support American security in the Asia-Pacific region while other military forces are diverted to the Middle East.
Energy-wise, Hawaii is like that “Star Trek” planet that Captain Kirk was trapped on, with all the raw minerals he needed to save himself from an angry alien lizard if he could only ... figure out ... how to put them ... together.
Six sea lions caught in traps at a major dam on the Columbia River died of heat exhaustion, not gunshots, as had earlier been suspected, federal officials said this week.
Bankruptcy judges have become vocal about what they consider dubious tactics taken by Countrywide against troubled borrowers.
Through Thursday, Cinema Village, 22 East 12th Street, Greenwich Village, (212) 924-3363, cinemavillage.com .
People tend to remember such dramatic stories because they remember when their own confidence has been shaken.
Mr. Minardi said the camera could simply have been stolen for its value.
Proud grandmother to Cristopher Elton Bacharach.
For her, growing up in Spain, snow was the stuff of fairy tales and travelogues.
Now that there are hundreds, if not thousands, of doctors in the United States who can perform I.V.F., surrogacy agencies report that the numbers have shifted markedly away from traditional surrogacies toward gestational surrogacies.
It was around 8:30 a.m., 12 ½ hours after his night at the bar began.
Proud grandfather of James, Elizabeth, Eliot, Dustin and Lucas.
He learned about the subtle differences, for instance, between the San Juan-style use of the open hand on the pandero and the slower-tempo “punta de clavo” fingertip style of Mayagüez.
TRENTON “I THINK Barack Obama is one of the most interesting and capable individuals that is running this time, if not in any election.” That was Gov.
He has been open to divergent views within the Fed and has made creative stabs at unfreezing the financial system, like the recent auctions to lend money to banks.
Of course great work is produced each year, relieved of the basest commercial pressures.
Mr. Macklowe is in default on a short-term loan from Fortress Investments that has swelled to $1.4 billion with interest.
When the researchers used functional M.R.I.
Mr. Richardson is a long shot — he won only 2 percent of the vote in Iowa’s caucuses last week — but some of the other candidates have focused more on gas and heating oil prices in the last few days.
We had forced a way through a bolted door at the top of an emergency staircase leading to the 21st-story roof of the Palestine Hotel, with a panoramic view of Saddam Hussein ’s command complex across the Tigris River.
I hadn’t practiced law for a long time when I was asked by one of my former colleagues if I wanted to go into the agency business.
In an interview on Friday, a Buildings Department official said the crane was too tall for its location.
ANSWERING THE WAKE-UP CALL BREAKFAST Balthazar , 80 Spring Street, between Broadway and Crosby Street; (212) 965-1414; www.balthazarny.com .
In 1982, when an Indian immigrant began publishing an anti-Pakistani newspaper, Mr. Khalil was so perturbed that he barged into the man’s office and begged him to stop writing negatively about his homeland.
On the morning of Jan. 17, 1966, a United States Air Force B-52 bomber returning from a routine mission exploded during airborne refueling, sending its cargo of hydrogen bombs plummeting toward land.
Mr. Delgado told her that while he supported such a program, a beer tax would “open the floodgates” nationwide and he would fight it, Ms. Basha recalled.
Hamas claimed responsibility for a suicide bombing in Dimona earlier this month.
He said, ‘She has been with me 15 years, and I would not move somewhere where she’s not happy.’ ” Similarly, Klara Madlin, president of the real estate brokerage that bears her name, worked with a family who insisted on giving their nanny approval rights.
Continue to bake the sweet potatoes until thoroughly soft and beginning to ooze, 5 to 15 minutes, depending on the size.
Note the congeries of shapes and forms on the far wall of the shaky structure as Ms. Pullman transforms a small, out-of-season greenhouse with a plastic covering into a cerebral meditation on light, form and spatial volume.
In early 2005, the office of Senator Ben Nelson received a curious phone call.
It also supplies specialty insurance programs to amateur sports associations and golf and country clubs.
The Regent Palms Turks and Caicos ( www.regentturksandcaicos.com ) is offering air credits of $400 to $1,200 (depending on room reserved) to those who book five consecutive nights for travel completed by Nov. 30.
Over the ingredients of his art, he slumbered in peace.
The pudding connoisseurs had apparently dined and dashed on free samples handed out by Kozy Shack representatives; only critics remained.
It also means the start of the appeal process, which is when the real story begins.
Over the next four decades and throughout his business career, he traveled throughout Europe, Asia, and South America as President of the textile division of a U.S. conglomerate, and later his own company, Haroco, Inc. David was blessed with a lifelong passion, horseback riding and jumping and the hunt, that extended from childhood to his early 90s.
It has been 39 years since Andretti’s grandfather Mario won the famous racing family’s only Indy 500.
“You don’t need to be a hero here.”
Mr. Duberstein's decision, confirmed in a brief interview, was not a big surprise, given his close friendship with former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, who recently announced on the NBC News program ''Meet the Press'' that he would vote for Mr. Obama, the Democratic nominee, because he was disappointed that both Mr. McCain and the Republican Party had become so socially conservative and negative.
What is striking about Mr. Siekaczek’s and prosecutors’ accounts of those dealings, which flowed through a web of secret bank accounts and shadowy consultants, is how entrenched corruption had become at a sprawling, sophisticated corporation that externally embraced the nostrums of a transparent global marketplace built on legitimate transactions.
We weren’t willing to take that chance.” Even with a bullpen rested courtesy of Johan Santana’s complete-game victory Sunday, the Mets could not hold off the surprising Marlins, who tightened the National League East race.
At the New York Institute for Special Education, a school for blind children, the oath-taking by Mr. Paterson, the first legally blind governor in New York State, had a special resonance .
On the other end was a British lilt.
Back in May, Michael Masters, a hedge fund manager, made a big splash when he told a Senate committee that speculation is the main cause of rising prices for oil and other raw materials.
Climbers stuck above Bottleneck would be unable to descend because of the broken ropes, according to expedition organizers.
The reliability of the device has been questioned by several defense lawyers in cases where defendants said they had a right to examine the software.
Celebration of life to be announced.
On June 6th, during the evening rush, the chain snapped with a bang and the escalator stopped moving.
Barefoot and dressed in tank tops and shorts, Jennifer Nettles and Kristian Bush, both from Atlanta, mentioned numerous influences — R.E.M., Coldplay, Rod Stewart, Indigo Girls — but hardly anything you might expect from a country powerhouse.
The New York State Office of Children and Family Services should be credited with piloting one such approach — it finances the Children’s Aid Re-entry Program.
A privately held company, it generated more than $60 million in 2007 sales.
Using the pool’s existing pump and filter, it circulates the pool’s 15,000 gallons of water through the solar panels, raising the water temperature 10 to 20 degrees without incurring any additional energy costs.
That’s probably 250 feet, and it makes a huge difference.
Our daughter was preparing for a mountaineering trip with her college volleyball team.
''Real Emotional Trash,'' his fourth album since the disbanding of Pavement, still has all that glibly indirect lyric writing.
And -- although this was admittedly after Divine is raped by a man, also played by Divine; has acid thrown in her face; brutally murders her daughter, Taffy, a Hare Krishna; and opens fire on a crowd, killing several members -- it was still before the acid-scarred Divine was climactically, graphically, defiantly electrocuted on camera.
For an encore Mr. Metheny and his band mates plugged in and pushed toward head-spinning prog-rock, all torque and distortion.
China, for example, has never played fair with its trading partners.
Deliveries of flowers and dry cleaning are typed in, too.
(Ms. Miller ignored that advice and in 2002 became the first black legislator from her district.)
But the joyful exercise of reading, discussing and writing about ideas is a form of play that develops a huge array of competencies for the challenges that students will encounter in adult life.
The company’s name notwithstanding, the haulers don’t have to be hunky, Mr. Friedman said, but “clean-cut,” which he defines as well-groomed with no prominent piercings or tattoos.
“With our age and stage of life, we don’t take part in a lot activities that are so popular,” Mr. Browning said.
“At the height of the rental season, landlord listings change from hour to hour,” she said.
Meanwhile, each trip on the Lettie requires a 90-minute subway ride from Bushwick, with three transfers, to West 79th Street, and then a walk across Riverside Drive to the boat basin.
A Soldier From the Start Alex Ramón Jimenez was born in Flushing on April 4, 1982, and baptized at Our Lady of Sorrows in Corona, a Roman Catholic church where his mother still worships.
“Household spending is starting to shut down,” wrote Bernard Baumohl of the Economic Outlook Group in Princeton, N.J. “Shoppers are staying away from stores.
Despite that, Gregory Brown, Motorola’s chief executive, said the mobile phone division showed improvements, particularly related to increased sales of the Moto W755 mobile music phone sold by Verizon Wireless.
The Giants cannot look ahead.
But Mr. Anderson, in this early film, does something he can’t bring himself to do later: he shows us the realization, in Dignan’s eyes, that he has been living in a dream world, and reality has belatedly arrived to claim its price (with interest).
Shiite militias drove Sunni residents from the area 18 months ago, when Baghdad was gripped in a cycle of revenge killings that ultimately divided the city between the sects.
Most of Mr. Huckabee’s supporters described themselves as evangelical or born-again Christians, and most said they attended religious services at least once a week.
“What we have in this situation is a very disappointing attorney who is pushing a different agenda than what her client wants,” Mr. Jessop said.
“Even if they had 20 bags,” said Mr. Balara, who oversees seven thrift stores in Pennsylvania, “we just can’t afford to go get them right now.” David Wilson, the administrator of the Salvation Army’s adult rehabilitation center in Manhattan and Queens, said his trucks used to drive to donors’ homes to pick up three or four bags of clothing, but that these days “we try to get over 10 bags of clothing to go to a house to make it worth it.” He has also had to increase the fee for delivering furniture to customer’s homes by $10, to $50 in Manhattan and $60 in Queens.
D’Antoni benched two starters on Sunday and may change the lineup again for the game against the Bobcats.
We believe that every child can achieve his or her potential in this setting.
But Mr. Stringer said the new entity, which will be called Sony Music Entertainment, would work more closely with other Sony divisions to find ways of exploiting and distributing music.
The strategy will eventually extend to other ethnic groups, in what analysts said was the latest stab at diminishing Google's dominance in the search market.
Neal has a wrestling move named for him, the Neal Double, which is a takedown in which one wrestler pulls the legs of another out from under him, taking him to the mat.
Getty said in its earning statement that it exceeds the Ebitda condition and expects the deal to close during the second quarter or early in the third quarter.
Secretly I think I may like that long, isolated, private part where you are readying an idea for the world, that being alone.
“It’s half an hour earlier from here,” Mr. Stewart replies pointedly.
It’s not like starting just any club sport; this is tackle football.
“We were all relaxed and just went out and played.” If relaxation was all it took to turn around a season, the Mets would have spent their free mornings last season at a spa.
Aggregate Bond Index, and 10 percent in Treasury bills gained nearly 2 percent annually, on average, according to T. Rowe Price.
It explicitly rejects the strict standards used by the Supreme Court to determine who is disabled.
and an internal “commercial street” of shops never caught on.
Many of Fairey’s images overtly and obliquely address war and peace, the environment and the economy.
Congress needs to ensure that they are not using their positions to throw patronage to friends and political allies.
That "they taste good" doesn't quantify their holocaust.
She majored in journalism at the University of North Carolina but was drawn to Wall Street, initially to learn business with an eye toward becoming a reporter.
“You would think all these artists in their 40s, they would know what to do, how to behave,” he said.
“I think they started this.” Score Choice was developed in response to student demand, Mr. Bunin said.
Elevate donates 5 percent of the overall cost of each trip to charities in the host country.
One is to acknowledge what you don't know.
You can go as far as the Presidio, before turning back.
As viewers learned, Ariel’s dad was a successful oilman.
Come Nov. 4, I'll have my vote back and will remember.
(The animated dogs, in particular, are delightful.)
Janel McCarville had 12 points as the Liberty (5-4) earned its fourth win in five games.
Ms. Alvarez also gave the child some Motrin by mouth, the police said.
It’s terrible if the looming shadow of your great-grandfather becomes a crutch, or a cross to bear.
He said the Slave Theater, at 1215 Fulton Street, would also be sold if he could not bring down the debt.
“I see no reason to change that approach today.” Mr. Gates is one of the administration’s experts on Soviet and Russian policies and previously served as the director of central intelligence while spending his career studying the Kremlin and its efforts to exert influence around the world.
They are charged in a conspiracy to sell weapons to rebels in Colombia who wanted to kill Americans there.
In the first of the play’s several contrivances, Maryanne lingers long enough for a restless argument to break out.
All this arm waving appears in service of recasting centuries-old material for a modern sensibility in the most vulgar way possible.
I don’t know how or where this will end, and neither do any of the experts.
The site breaks down New York’s three ports —Manhattan (55th Street and 12th Avenue); Brooklyn (Pier 12 in Red Hook), above; and Cape Liberty (Bayonne, N.J.) — including directions, port history, nearby restaurants and parking.
It began in 1934 at Bennington College in Vermont as a place where modern-dance pioneers had an unparalleled chance to choreograph almost undisturbed in a bucolic summer dance-school setting.
And most mothers who heard the calls from a buried loudspeaker began digging.
It may be too soon to lay the whole spiel on Nikolas and Samuel, but I don’t worry as much.
“Knowing what we know about the importance of renewable energy, we had to take this opportunity,” said Dr. John L. Lahey, Quinnipiac’s president.
Tests on 195 packs of malaria drugs bought at private pharmacies found that 35 percent either did not contain enough active ingredient or did not dissolve quickly enough to work.
And when times got tough for Mr. Clinton (see: Lewinsky, Monica, and impeachment), Mr. Richardson stood by him.
On Monday the guardians, who are court-appointed trustees, filed a separate civil lawsuit against Morgan Stanley in Federal District Court in South Carolina.
He has impeccable comic timing, sweetness and a little white puff of a tail attached to the seat of his jeans.
I’m concerned about whether they’ll be back this summer.” All things considered, though, he’s doing pretty well.
Closer to Ponce is the uninhabited Isla Caja de Muertos, or Coffin Island, a popular day-trip spot by ferry for swimming, sunbathing and hiking .
The rectors of both large seminaries in Aluva, with over 400 students each, each said in separate interviews that the Catholic church in the United States and Europe would eventually need to stop relying on India to supply priests.
The main floor also has a study and a laundry room.
Beth Hamedrash Hagadol Anshe Ungarn, 242 East Seventh Street The synagogue, whose name means the Great House of Study of the People of Hungary, is on Seventh Street between Avenues C and D. In 1908, the architects Samuel Gross and Joseph Kleinberger were hired by a congregation of Hungarian Jews that had been established in 1883 to rebuild an old house on the site.
And yes, membership had its privileges.
It was after 1 a.m., but the boys chalked up for one more game.
“I don’t think you will ever see him in Thom Browne,” said Mr. Frasch, of Saks, referring to the Anglophile designer known for snug sleeves and pants chopped off well above of the ankle.
I asked him if he had any questions, and he asked if I had one particular boyfriend.
PREDATORS 3, FLAMES 0 Chris Mason stopped 22 shots for Nashville, which sent visiting Calgary to its fourth loss in a row.
It runs past the Olympic Park.
(It opened to the public on March 21 and some exhibitions run until May 30.)
These include hundreds of independent book retailers (statistically weighted to represent all such outlets); national, regional and local chains; online and multimedia entertainment retailers; university, gift, supermarket, discount and department stores; and newsstands.
“But now I cannot reach them again.
Once the process is completed, Mr. Hurt wrote, he expects productivity and effectiveness to increase.
Other Kennedy retailers that have recently opened include a shop selling only Puma footwear, apparel and accessories — the first at a United States airport — in Terminal 4, occupied by numerous international carriers.
That price is negotiable, however.
“Ah boy, the amount of heartbreak involved in all of this,” said Dr. Jonathan Shay, a psychiatrist for the Department of Veterans Affairs in Boston and the author of two books that examine combat trauma through the lens of classical texts.
But if, for example, something needs to be cut, we’ll get it out.” “The gift of it all,” he said.
Loving father of Margo, Brian and Linda (Rauch).
“When I came here, I feel like I am at home.” This Main Street may be New York’s closest to the idea of a traditional Main Street, as practically all business on the island takes place on it, most of it, like the hospitals, recession-proof.
A short time later, Mr. Finton got a call: The singer, he was told, would see him that evening.
The price of gold fell $19.40, to $712.30 an ounce, and commodity prices, including coffee, soybeans and silver, were also lower on falling demand.
CARDINALS 8, GIANTS 7 Chris Duncan lined a go-ahead single to left with the bases loaded in the 10th, and visiting St. Louis battered San Francisco’s bullpen to spoil a gem by Giants starter Matt Cain.
Agent: Donna Caynoski, Sonnenalp Real Estate; (970) 477-5300; www.sonnenalprealestate.com.
On Sunday afternoon almost all of the auditorium’s 760 seats were filled for Wagner’s “Tristan und Isolde,” a new production by the renowned director Patrice Chéreau.
 Within a day or two, as players searched for clues, they found the terms of service on the Web site, which revealed that McDonald’s, in partnership with the International Olympic Committee, was behind the game.
He placed responsibility for the delays on other projects with the Port Authority and the Spitzer administration.
You may notice these flaws, but the desperation and grit and especially the actors keep you watching.
Baikal is a place of unusual biodiversity, with many species found nowhere else.
Next, Jerry replaces his ball and leaves his ball marker behind his ball as he walks to the other side of the hole to read his putt.
He is known to have remarked, “Entering one’s study and touching the books can brighten one’s mood even if one is unable to read regularly.” The king surrounded himself with painted screens, or ch’aekkori (CHAK-oh-ree), that depicted piles of reading material with scholarly accessories and collectibles.
“I knew I was having a stroke .” At St. Vincent’s Hospital, doctors diagnosed an ischemic stroke , caused by a blockage in blood flow to part of the left half of his brain.
In his free time, Vinny loved to cook, enjoy music, and express his unique energy in New York dance clubs.
(A mansard roof was destroyed in the 1930s.)
Mindful that she was the guest, she made only the slightest of movements — a smile here, a head tilt there — and yet she easily dominated the stage.
Another officer was seriously wounded, and two suffered minor injuries.
Dear sister of the late James and John Scott.
If, as the article states, “anybody can register” and, by design, neither a personal physician nor a researcher is vetting the information being provided, what’s to keep anyone — drug rep, herbalist or huckster — from joining the site, providing the details of an “amazing recovery” and having that information added to the database on which so many trusting souls are relying?
The little clusters and patterns Steven Beck played at the far ends of the piano sounded almost jazzy; Anna Steltenpohl, an oboist, and Rane Moore, a bass clarinetist, flitted and wove in the gaps between Mr. Beck’s notes.
“We need to put something back together that works,” said Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr.
Artisanal bread baked with intensely nutty-tasting whole-grain spelt flour, as is done by Tim Semler and Lydia Moffet of Tinder Hearth Bakery in Brooksville, Me., is much less of a spiritual buzz kill.
They have decided to follow an earlier $25 billion loan with a $50 billion bailout , which would inevitably be followed by more billions later, because if these companies are not permitted to go bankrupt now, they never will be.
Based, needless to say, on a true story.
The unadorned quality is not just stylistic — not the eloquence of understatement, but the psychological truth of flatness.
Last Sunday against Tampa Bay — for the first time all season — all eight draft picks were among the 45 players active for a game, each doing something to help defeat the Buccaneers, 24-14.
“We didn’t get here by accident,” he said, with no evident recognition of the double entendre.
I expect it’s like writing in Manhattan, but there aren’t as many tourists walking very slowly in front of you when you step out for coffee.
He has a novelist’s talent for characterization, and he raises fascinating questions.
I had always wanted to go on a real date: flowers, dinner and all that.
The ruling relies on the Flood Control Act of 1928, which made the federal government immune when flood control projects like levees break.
“But it will be nice to finally have a doorman.” As for the hotel’s guests — the ones paying upward of $425 per night or indulging in its 15-seat private screening room — “these are people with lots of money and we never really had any money around here,” Ms. Jones added.
The poor are, well, poor.
“The one thing they can’t do is walk away without a vote,” he said.
South Africa continues to have a healthy economy, the biggest on the continent.
Horses pulling cartloads of vegetables trotted through the streets.
Back to the shot over the light bars of a police car: the deputy, with a hand on top of the prisoner’s head to help him clear the door frame, eases the prisoner into the back seat.
(By one estimate, as many as 20,000 buildings in the city are derelict.)
Xstrata has also been buying assets, including Jubilee Mines for $2.9 billion in Australia, after losing a bidding war for Canada’s LionOre Mining International to GMK Norilsk Nickel of Russia.
stood by its financial forecast, even as its main rival, the Intel Corporation, slashed its fourth-quarter outlook.
If there is not one, his brother, a champion driver, rolls his own car.
“You never want to get in a horse race with another book on the same subject,” said William Shinker, the president and publisher of Gotham.
-- COREY KILGANNON Sludge Olympics Winners The Bowery Bay team -- three workers, and an alternate, who work at the city's giant sewage treatment plant in western Queens -- were the undisputed winners on Tuesday of the 21st annual Operator's Challenge, sweeping all five events to take the championship and a chance to move on to the statewide competition.
South now played a heart to dummy’s ace, when maybe leading the queen to locate the king would have been better.
But Mr. Abbas and other Palestinian officials have been sounding pessimistic, saying that the gaps are wide and that they do not think any agreement can be reached this year.
High prices early in the fiscal year may help keep the average up this year, but next year is another matter.
Excluding one-time items, the company earned 96 cents a share.
“ ‘Oh, love wakes me up every day,’ ” she whispered as she gazed out the window.
League executives suggested that Dr Pepper sponsor not only the organization but also a team, and Dr Pepper marketers liked the four members of the team Str8 Rippin, including Mr. Taylor.
NBC also made a deal to return the much praised but low-rated drama “Friday Night Lights,” but with a twist: The satellite service DirecTV will run the series this fall for its subscribers, then NBC will start broadcasting it in January.
But Oyungerel and other senior members of the main opposition group, the Democratic Party, accused the government of using the riot as a pretext for quashing dissent.
Delaware North operates a similar hybrid racetrack-casino — known as a racino — in Saratoga Springs.
“It’s on our bucket list,” she said.
“Pompeii is a government responsibility; it’s a World Heritage site, and they don’t want it to become too much of a Disneyland,” said Steven J. R. Ellis of the University of Cincinnati, a director of a research project at Porta Stabia, one of Pompeii’s ancient gates.
Long, a Manhattan psychiatrist who has known Dr. Shinbach for 14 years, described him as dedicated and caring.
“Al Qaeda’s top two leaders remain at large,” he said.
Then there are mobile surveillance units, like the $25,000 one at left manufactured by CPS Security Solutions of Gardena, Calif.
“He helped make sense of some of the things that didn’t seem sensible.” Mr. Silver has also become an in-demand analyst, appearing on MSNBC, CNN, “The Colbert Report” and Fox News.
At first the cricket references were not clear even to this Englishman; later all the running, catching, bowling, fielding became too obvious.
Which actually makes them sound busier than their married peers.
Analysts, however, said CIT executives might be forced to sell the entire company.
Ms. Quinn said she was “very proud” of the Council and of the majority whose “chose to do the right thing,” and added, “I know that New Yorkers will support my colleagues for doing the right thing.” Moments before 6 p.m., a City Council committee approved the measure, known as a home-rule request, which was needed before the State Legislature can act on the plan, whose fate in Albany is uncertain.
(For more on the show, see Page 6, this section.)
RIVER RUN BED AND BREAKFAST 882 Main Street, Fleischmanns, N.Y.; 845-254-4884; www.riverrunbedandbreakfast.com ; nine rooms, $89 to $169.
But what is clear is that 2008 will be a troubled year for the U.S. economy — and that as a result, the overall economic record of the Bush years will have been dreary at best: two and a half years of slumping employment, three and a half years of good but not great growth, and two more years of renewed economic distress.
Sarah Palin’s vice presidential nomination speech at the Xcel Energy Center here formed a conga line of taxis, buses and private cars to Minneapolis, where post-convention parties were firing up.
Martin O'Malley signed legislation designating the Smith Island cake the official state dessert.
Three middle-aged mothers show up unannounced at the homes of their 30-ish sons, all planning to stay “just a week or so.
Cooking octopus is a breeze: you simply boil it.
Delta plans to begin selling first-class shuttle seats on Saturday.
The coastal ships — called littoral combat ships — are especially important to the Navy, which has struggled to retain a central role in American military operations after the cold war.
“It appears that Sheikh Hasina is heading for a landslide victory in a free and fair election observed by hundreds of foreign and thousands of local observers at a time when Bangladesh faces some unprecedented economic, political and security challenges,” said Farooq Sobhan, a former foreign secretary, who had supported the caretaker regime’s crackdown on politics two years ago.
Their skills were no longer needed.
Democratic sources said Mr. Daschle has accepted the job.
But Ms. Ahearn is constantly pushing for more restrictive laws against sex offenders on local, state and federal levels.
In the mid-1980s, Fahd granted the bin Ladens a contract to redevelop — critics would say Americanize — the holy cities of Mecca and Medina.
Religious life in Pakistan has traditionally been synonymous with the gentle spirituality of Sufi mysticism, the traditional pluralistic core of Islam.
Sometimes women take over the lead vocals to sing about how he misused them.
More recently, with many students and faculty members convinced the real motive behind the closing is the desire to eliminate the left-wing culture, there has been a proliferation of ugly invective on campus and online against Andrzej Bloch, the college president (one of seven in the past 12 years).
The one nurse had a cold cloth on his head.
That kind of hand-wringing is a staple of industry gatherings.
“It’s a pilot program.” Two residents who heard about the plan said they were cautiously optimistic that it might save them money.
championships with a hamstring injury.
Basically, there’s nothing left to cut.
The waiters at the Leopold who died, Peer Pasha and Hidayat Khazi, were Indian Muslims.
Senator Barack Obama started out the general election campaign with a strategy to inundate all 50 states with ground troops and extensive get-out-the-vote efforts.
“It’s ... it’s outrageous.” Marina agrees but sees no solution.
The filet mignon went a long way toward redeeming Spuntino.
“The main thing is to preserve our culture, to preserve the character of Tibet,” the Dalai Lama told me.
“There was some kind of turning point where black people coming back could be seen as a revitalizing force in the community,” said Monique M. Taylor, a visiting sociologist at Al Quds University in Jerusalem and the author of a gentrification study called “Harlem: Between Heaven and Hell.” “Then, they got mixed in with white gentrifiers.” The changes over the last two decades have deepened black-black tensions.
“Many people ask about it, so many people,” said Youssif Ali, a cashier at a newsstand on Broadway near 77th Street.
Most of their conversations take place in Nora’s Mediterranean-style house, of which there is an establishing shot seemingly every six minutes.
Were it not for their deployment to Iraq, they argue, they probably never would have committed the crime.
“I woke up this morning in the teeth of the gale of recession,” Mr. Hirst’s business manager, Frank Dunphy, said after the sale, “but we came out as confident as ever.” Tobias Meyer, worldwide head of contemporary art at Sotheby’s, explained the total this way: “Damien Hirst is a global artist that can defy local economies.” Jose Mugrabi, a New York dealer, had another take: “Today people believe more in art than the stock market.
I got into the car and I remember driving him and my girlfriend, who is now my wife, Lisa.
scouting combine surrounded by a handful of reporters, laughed when someone asked that question.
Her counterpart stood erect and still, her body modestly draped, her expression calm and serene.
Much of Vann’s book works this way.
“Unless you get some kind of relief on energy prices it looks the third quarter is going to be fairly weak as well,” he said.
PAGE D4 GOING OUT IN PARIS He finished the 2000 season as the No.
“Are they going to recognize that she can make the decision for me?” Denise asked.
“It quickly becomes clear that ‘weird’ is going to be just fine if it replaces the pain.” Chronic pain is a particularly difficult problem to understand and solve.
“By turning troubled loans into performing loans, we enhance their overall value,” she said.
Schools are not required to bring in a mediator to resolve a dispute between students, and the use of mediation for bullying cases is not advised because of the power imbalance between the bully and his or her victim.
Some parts of expressways were closed to traffic in the region, but they were later reopened, NHK reported.
You’re not, for example, allowed to press down with your club to matt the grass behind the ball.
“If I didn’t care that much, it wouldn’t hurt as much,” she said.
Roethlisberger was injured when he was sacked on a blitz by Brian Dawkins and fumbled, giving the Eagles the ball at the Steelers’ 18.
One man carried a television in a basket on his back, while another hauled a white washing machine.
(The intonations are a big part of the routine, so the video is above.)
Dutrow has been fined or suspended at least once every year since 2000 for medication violations, and earlier this year he found himself defending his decision to give his horses the legal anabolic steroid Winstrol.
Boston’s subway system, the T, is packed with fans destined for Fenway Park or to a vantage point to watch the marathon.
A respected American general in Afghanistan, however, confided to me that the army was not doing well, either; that the original plan for training the army was flimsy and underfinanced; and that, consequently, they were using police to fill holes in the army mission.
“Did you know that Henry Rollins was once the manager of an Häagen-Dazs store?” said Christopher Tomson, the band’s lanky drummer.
tournament is a great promotional vehicle for the N.B.A.
Instead the series looks at less frequently heard chamber, vocal and choral works.
Like Burroughs, he is a dispassionate chronicler of the addict’s daily ritual, neither glorifying nor vilifying the matter at hand.
“The owners asked a couple of guys if they wanted to make a few extra bucks by hitting those holes and rolling their cars.
A most charismatic and funny man, who played Santa Claus in, ''When Harry Met Sally'', Berns made it his personal mission to make the Crystal family laugh with jokes, costumes, masks and songs.
In Nebraska, which swung heavily for Mr. McCain — 57 percent to 41 percent for Mr. Obama — the proposed ban, Initiative 424, was the only ballot measure facing voters.
But neither Nowosadzki nor Wortel could resist bidding five spades.
“Someone told me this morning that the Smithereens were playing at Jason’s house,” said Howard Margolis, 42, the managing director of a private equity firm.
It happened in the women’s 200-meter freestyle last year at the world championships when Federica Pellegrini of Italy set the record and Laure Manaudou lowered it by 0.95.
But don’t quit your day job.
115’s special niche in New York history.
As a bell attendant at a four-star hotel in Boston, I have daily interactions with people who always try for upgrades.
“Well, finance is about 45 dollars; add that up .
He didn’t like the rope line.” Neither do Secret Service agents, for rope lines bring security migraines.
But Mr. Ebert's determination to continue reviewing films shows that genuine passion cannot be silenced.
Tens of thousands of fans responded by inundating CBS with phone calls, e-mail messages and 20 tons of peanuts (a reference to the season finale, in which Mr. Ulrich’s character shouts, “Nuts!” after being told to surrender to a neighboring town.)
“But we can make it feel that way.”
“I agree,” the chef said when presented with the critique.
If you’re still in the mood for sharing at dessert time — or even if you’re not — try the ricotta fritters.
“When your law enforcement system isn’t cleaning up the corruption in the legal system, who do we go to?” asked Justin Holland, an adviser to the Kremikovtzi investors committee, “Literally, we cannot go to anybody in Bulgaria.” Among Western nations, impatience is growing, particularly at the lack of trials of high-level government officials accused of corruption.
Lifting the cap would allow the biggest banks to absorb weaker ones, but it would also limit competition and increase the risks to the financial system posed by failure of one of the giants.
Not long ago such work “felt like a throwaway for composers who couldn’t get work elsewhere,” said Steve Schnur, worldwide executive for music and marketing at the software giant Electronic Arts, describing the beeps and whirs of early games as “Good Humor truck” music, created hastily and late in the development process.
But the Cardinals ran into a team that was too talented.
“In good times, people want a bargain,” said General Manager John Dolishny.
Some 26,000 New Yorkers have incomes higher than $1 million a year; of those, about 4,600 earn more than $5 million a year.
Taking apart a large chandelier to ‘Carmen’ is a unique experience.” The prerecorded “Carmen” was played over video monitors, a relatively recent addition to the Met’s front lobby.
When Oedipus appears with bleeding eye-sockets, the tragic chorus simultaneously narrates and says it cannot speak; it looks while saying it must look away: What madness came upon you, what daemon Leaped on your life with heavier Punishment than a mortal man can bear?
So when matter goes backwards in time, it is indistinguishable from anti-matter going forwards in time.
But Justice Walter B. Tolub of State Supreme Court in Manhattan dismissed all of Mr. Stern’s claims, which were contained in a complaint filed by his lawyer that the judge called “a political diatribe.” In an 11-page decision granting the defendants’ motion to dismiss the suit, Justice Tolub was critical of Mr. Stern’s failure to detail the precise statements and actions that he claimed were defamatory.
Dean R. O'Hare Aldo Papone Co-Chairs, Board of Trustees Thomas P. Sculco, M.D.
Paper Mill Playhouse, 3 Brookside Drive.
“The core resource is humans,” people who can identify patients and offer treatments.
Fifteen minutes after nursing Tessa in the bathroom, she swam the first leg of the 50-meter freestyle relay in 25.98 seconds — fast enough to qualify for this week’s Olympic trials.
The Mondavi was spicy and tannic, which gave the wine a sense of structure.
I gulped hard and buckled down for another tempestuous voyage into total failure.
When prices mount into the hundreds of thousands of dollars a year, they impose a burden on patients and sometimes on employers and insurance programs that must pay most of the bill.
Twenty-two of these red metal trailers, encased within chain-link fencing, occupy the school’s former yard, evoking the ambience of the Port Elizabeth container-ship terminal.
After allegations surfaced that undercover officers were rewarding informants with drugs, 4 officers have been arrested, 6 suspended and 10 put on desk duty.
Reverend Micklethwaite looked awfully good in his surplice and gold-embroidered stole.
Tanguay put a backhander past Alex Auld after Andrei Markov scored the only goal on Montreal’s first three attempts.
Funeral service on Wednesday 11:30am at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave. at 81st, New York, NY.
Opinions about dog-eating are changing in China, too, as more people come to see dogs as adorable pets.
I tried to chip out to the fairway but instead hammered my ball directly into the trunk of the tree in front of me.
There have long been rumblings that Cablevision would eventually sell its core cable business to Time Warner Cable , though that remains pure speculation for the moment.
Applebee’s By EMILY DeNITTO I’VE never had it so easy.
Impromptu roadside interviews could be in his near future.
Before more Americans get in so deep that they cannot dig out, Washington needs to change the way these companies do business to ensure that consumers are treated fairly.
GMAC plans to do that by becoming a bank holding company and gaining access to government assistance.
Who believes in the blustering Jock Soto as Lord Capulet or, worse, the posturing Albert Evans as the Prince of Verona?
Then there is the world defined by game day, when regular people become transformed and operate in a world of fast-paced mayhem where nearly everything goes.
But it is rarely possible to be sure where any flock’s route begins and ends — information useful to tracking the spread of avian flu.
Then it returns home for a game June 8 against Argentina in East Rutherford, N.J. Tickets, priced from $19 to $66, for the opening World Cup qualifier against Barbados on June 15 in Carson, Calif., went on sale Sunday at ussoccer.com and at Ticketmaster outlets in Southern California.
And yet we’re aware of the pope’s existence only around Easter, when traffic is brought to a halt by convoys of buses filled with foreign pilgrims going to Vatican City , that tiny state embedded in the heart of an ancient metropolis.
“People like to gamble, they like to win, they like to compete.” In simultaneous auctions, he added, bidders who lose in one, are often willing to go higher in others.
PAGE A6 A COLD WAR MYSTERY It was a cold war legend: a Bulgarian dissident writer who had defected to the West and become a journalist and critic of Communist rule died in a London hospital of a mysterious fever after being injected with a poison pellet from a specially adapted umbrella.
“But to get concrete results, you have to be confrontational.” An Embrace That Won’t Let Go For China, too, this crisis has been a time of reckoning.
“It was ‘last person out, turn off the lights.’ ” And it was Mr. James, in the view of Mr. Lester and a cluster of other men in the corridor, who helped keep the lights on.
Still, I can’t help noticing the bias of Ruth’s remark.
The photograph is of Larry Kert and Carol Lawrence in ''West Side Story.''
“That’s the comparison,” Rogers said.
But for a select group of horror film enthusiasts, the story has been under way for weeks.
A 28-year-old Mexican laborer who would give only his first name, Enrique, said he was standing with the other laborers at the intersection late Tuesday morning when the two police vans arrived.
The authorities acknowledge that hackers have broken into government computer systems and are intensifying their attacks.
There is no God but money in this oil-rich desert, and his messenger is Daniel Plainview, a petroleum speculator played by a monstrous and shattering Daniel Day-Lewis.
One central question is how the city’s Buildings Department inspectors — four of whom were assigned to the project, along with a supervisor — failed to notice or report that a 42-foot section of the standpipe was missing from the basement, officials said.
“What I liked about him besides the whole classic frame that you hope for,” Leach said, “he wasn’t one of those too-cool-for-school guys.
Or just a gizmo that flashes E=mc2 when the book’s cover moves?
The rural poor, the urban unemployed, testosterone-filled adolescents, drifters, shopkeepers, mechanics — as long as they are undaunted by the possibility of severe injury or death — enter an arena on Sincelejo’s outskirts made from lumber and discarded pieces of wood.
Kathleen Mary Madden, a daughter of Mary E. Madden and Paul J. Madden of Yonkers, was married Saturday to Darren Anthony Keenaghan, a son of Rose M. Keenaghan and Patrick J. Keenaghan of Ballinahown, Ireland.
Surveys show that a majority of South Koreans support a free- trade deal with the United States.
Clutching a cane in his left hand, his upper body swaying from side to side as he labors with a stiff-legged gait, Gregory has walked every hole of every PGA Tour event this year.
The Japanese stewartia, also favored by Ms. Maynard, has equally dramatic exfoliating bark.
In any other country or place, the police or army is a symbol of security, authority and stability.
He completed the Società Ippica Torinese, Turin’s riding club, in 1940 and a ski station at Lago Nero, his elaborately three-dimensional architectural masterpiece, six years later.
The dollar has tanked further, and that’s cost us a ton on imports.
The campaign against the anti-cruelty referendum that will be on the California ballot this November — to prohibit keeping calves, hens and pigs in inhumanely small cages — is being financed in large part by egg and meat producers.
Documentaries understandably outnumber fiction films in the Katrina genre.
Another recently redone home, though listed at $675,000, lacks both garage and basement.
We were less taken with silver noodles yum, a boring mound of cellophane noodles with a single shrimp on top.
Hers is the kind of glamour you associate with tempestuous romances, not with settled domesticity.
When President Bush visited Saudi Arabia in January, she continued, as an example, his presence briefly became a locus of hope for Saudi women.
Afghanistan is slipping toward failure.
7 in the world, and Teimour Radjabov, No.
To anyone who has read Limonov, the martial urge was not new.
Some works will feature puppeteers, while others will focus on themes associated with puppetry like manipulation and control.
The dispatcher in the control room did not know the train had run the red light, Ms. Higgins said, but right about the time of the accident he noticed an abnormality with the signals.
BILL MAULDIN: A Life Up Front , by Todd DePastino.
I’ve stuck with it ever since.” GROWING UP IN THE A.L.
TOKYO YOUNG Japanese women searching for a wider role in society have no role model today.
Gawking is gauche, and overt sexual behavior clearly illegal, Friends of Gunnison advises.
Robinson and Harrington have a tendency to play one-on-one.
Mr. Davis, 42, as the mayor of a town in Mississippi’s fastest-growing county, DeSoto, was able to draw on the district’s most dynamic population center, scoring the biggest county vote total.
While ours is a living language, in flux and rich with regional variations, some of which have connotations of race and class, were your students to use “nucular” in a job interview a decade hence, this would be regarded not as a charming colloquialism but a mark of ignorance.
Arizona swept the Cubs in the division series of the playoffs, but Chicago finished with 19 victories more than the previous season, the biggest improvement in the major leagues.
“A lot of science has to be applied to a very local context,” he said in a telephone interview.
Mr. McCain essentially proposes continuing the policies of a president whose approval rating on economics is only 20 percent.
As he sees it, each of the eight remaining states on the calendar holds significance in the protracted fight for delegates.
“It is fair to say that his running did have an impact on the business at the time,” said Anthony V. Carbonetti, a managing director at Giuliani Partners.
The 218-page academy report was issued Tuesday, and is available at nationalacademies.org .
Suddenly, even caroling is starting to help, even those songs that make me cry.
Greg Frens, a baritone, was a sympathetic Father, singing best in a heartfelt outpouring on Beauty’s brief return home from the Beast’s castle.
“Mike’s worked on most of the successful acquisitions in Alcoa’s recent history and brings wide-ranging experience in cross-border M&A expertise to the company, making him the ideal candidate for this important role,” Alain Belda, Alcoa’s chief executive, said in a statement.
For the Brazilians of the Ironbound neighborhood and their relatives and friends in Brazil, a miraculous windfall of this magnitude represents the perfect get-rich-quick scheme, the ultimate expression of the American dream.
“We’re often getting the story told to us from the passenger, maybe to the flight attendant, maybe to us,” said David W. Claypool, a medical director at the Mayo Clinic Medical Transport, which advises Northwest Airlines and other clients.
In business, she said, “Realistically, a woman who has not made it by 40 has no chance to make it at all.”
Meanwhile, I would love to hear from anybody who has had a lithium battery adventure at airport security.
He smiled as he clipped on his chin strap and took a knee on the final play of the game.
Styron, already celebrated for “Lie Down in Darkness,”wrote the introduction.
Italian power suits now costs 5-25% more… You have to spend money to make money, right?
The instant messenger program — which supports Yahoo, MSN and AIM accounts — has also been improved to support group chats as well as custom status messages.
The Republican side was less interesting to the news media.
The Senate needs to upgrade the confirmation process so it can perform its vital advice-and-consent role more effectively.
A good safety record should be in a contractor’s interest.
He called for a major overhaul of the financial regulatory system.
Funeral Mass Monday 10:30am, Most Precious Blood R.C.
Michael Kamber, a photographer, and I had been set on returning to the base with his unit.
Shore of Vice Music said.
MONTCLAIR Alexander Kasser Theater, Montclair State University “Pay Up,” an interactive performance based on the experiments of Keith Chen, a Yale economist.
In Northern California, the Family Caregiver Alliance runs a weekend camp four times a year for care recipients, so family members can get away — or just stay home and read or clean the house, said Kathleen Kelly, the group’s executive director.
“Even though we’re only looking at a short period, these trends are pretty powerful,” Mr. Apgar said.
In particular I shall never forget my first — and immediately second — taste of its astonishing lamponi (raspberries), which, alas, I have never been able quite to reproduce.
Smoke and dust had left the plaster casts blackened and brittle.
Dozens of tenants and tenant advocates who gathered on the steps of City Hall on Sunday morning to protest the increases, saying they unfairly affect seniors and working families.
“We are very proud Pirates,” Singh, who grew up in Bhadohi, said in a conference call from California on Wednesday afternoon.
To get the Carnival-ready body, many Cariocas swear off fried food weeks before and stock up on energy bars and energy drinks, an increasing number of which contain guaraná, a caffeine-rich plant native to the Amazon rain forest.
Ben-Eze, a native of Nigeria, has yet to receive what is called a likely letter from the admissions office, a written assurance that a player will be accepted, because he has not attained the 171 index minimum.
But here in Srebrenica, where the massacre took place in 1995, locals said they had little faith in a legal process undertaken by the United Nations tribunal in The Hague 13 years after the hunt for Mr. Karadzic began.
The new Camaro holds up much better, I think.
The store was bustling with saleswomen carrying rows of bras on their arms like so many stacked bangles.
“If it’s 105 out there, with three or four cars going in the garage, it’s 115 in here,” said James Marshall, 38, an auto mechanic.
With extraordinary love and effort, he cared for her to the end, even as her spirit receded behind what he called ''the cruel cloud of Alzheimer's Disease.''
Lo era”) and how she feels like an “object of prey” under the devouring male gaze.
The head of the Treasury and the Federal Reserve began discussions on Thursday with Congressional leaders on what could become the biggest bailout in United States history.
For a first-year show to get this much attention is very encouraging.” The network intends to use “Gossip Girl” to promote its “90210” remake.
He is a retired Air Force major, not Army.
A Florida resident playing for the Yankees, for example, would pay no tax on income earned while playing the Tampa Bay Rays, or while in spring training in Florida.
It’s taken some of the pressure off.” Trying to replace Ramírez’s offense is not an easy task.
The other is 72 feet long and 40 inches deep and weighs 42,696 pounds.
The 21-foot-long vehicle bounded smoothly over mud and bumps like a runaway rhino as I roared through the forest on a dirt road at about 60 miles an hour.
Her description of the location “matches” the area where Ms. Lawrence was killed.
On Tuesday, he clarified his remarks.
“I’m here trying to do my job and at the same time trying to please a lot of people,” Santana said.
We also enjoy deer in a number supported by our ecosystem.
Hearing the tale, most of my wife’s friends thought it romantic.
The clichés are actually true.” Meanwhile, Edible Estates continues to spread, promoting further architectural cross-pollination.
That assessment, he added, must take a broad geographical perspective since invasive species don’t respect borders.
“All the cars started speeding toward us, like cockroaches out of a drain, trying to get away from there as quickly as possible,” the employee said.
Mr. Ritholtz from Fusion IQ is watching carefully to determine if weakness in consumer spending is psychological and temporary or more severe, stemming from a lack of available capital.
BARTELS--Marian A., of Melville died of a stroke on November 14, 2008.
The comments drew condemnation from the Senate majority leader, Dean G. Skelos, a Long Island Republican.
The elderly neighbor upstairs had a club foot, which made for loud footfalls.
For a while Carhartt jackets were a hip-hop uniform.
The more interesting case though may be Baker’s use of Edinson Volquez, the team’s 24-year-old phenom starting pitcher, in the 17th and 18th innings.
“I mean, what’s he done?” A deflated Mr. Obama went on to lose the election by 30 percentage points.
During WWII he served as an Artillery Officer in the 32nd F H Batallion, which was part of the 18th Infantry Regiment, the First Infantry Division.
“We’ll do whatever it takes to get that,” he said.
It's best not to believe a handsome rock star from Oklahoma when he says something like that -- it's like saying he was raised by wolves -- but the claim seems to fit his band's kind of rock-ribbed emo.
Vembar K. Ranganathan Irvington, N.Y., Sept. 25, 2008 The writer is a financial consultant in risk management.
In an e-mail message he wrote, “It is inappropriate to make a comparison between the car seats because their characteristics are unique to their own design.” It is hard to see how “additional load bearing structure” wouldn’t make the newer, recalled model stronger.
The Valera Global team was originally led by Chokri Bouzgarrou, who played for the Tunisian national squad that failed to qualify for the 1990 World Cup finals.
They start to understand that in spite of how bad things might be for them, just complaining about it is not enough.” Kiki Williams was just 12 the first time she went to Haiti, and on one of those early visits a vague notion about her future hardened into a career goal.
On the campaign trail last year, Mr. and Mrs. Clinton said she had urged Mr. Clinton to intervene with American troops to stop the Rwandan genocide.
It was created with an eye toward attracting talented playwrights and bolstering the status of their profession.
David Certner, the chief legislative counsel for AARP, praised the decision and said it would prove “vital to the creation and maintenance of a workplace that is fair and free of age bias.” From a broader perspective, this decision, coming near the end of the Supreme Court’s term, completed a five-for-five sweep for employees’ rights in workplace discrimination cases that was little short of astonishing, given how far the court had appeared to be tilting toward business under Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. By comfortable margins, the court interpreted federal antidiscrimination statutes broadly to enable employees to overcome procedural hurdles and to pursue a category of claims not fully detailed in the statutes themselves.
It was the fourth career complete game for Wang, who is 3-0 so far and 41-13 over the past three seasons.
These experiments make good stories, but they occurred on fusion science’s margins — something Seife doesn’t make clear enough.
“I’m in Love Again” and “Once I Loved” find Ms. Reeves at her most rewardingly restrained: she sounds as if she’s confiding her thoughts across a table, rather than on a lighted stage.
Brand-name drug companies say that generic drug makers routinely attack their patents by accusing them of inequitable conduct when they are blameless or guilty of no more than honest mistakes.
Here’s hoping that Barack Obama will be allowed to change that.
You have a pulse of your team every year, and this team, like I said, they’re tougher and stronger than they were two years ago when they won the whole thing.”
For Mr. McCain to suggest that Mr. Obama opposes the “path to citizenship” and “guest worker program” compounds his dishonesty.
(Seitz) ‘NO COUNTRY FOR OLD MEN’ (R, 2:02) Mean, violent and impeccable, Joel and Ethan Coen’s adaptation of a pulpy, compact novel by Cormac McCarthy lives and breathes in the central performances of Tommy Lee Jones, Josh Brolin and Javier Bardem, who chase one another, $2 million and metaphysical truth through the Texas back country.
It’s now possible for people to sell their life insurance policies to investors in many circumstances.
Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia is a homegrown militant group that American officials say has foreign leadership.
Copy editors handle the final transition to an ink-on-paper object.
For his last start, at least, Joba Chamberlain was an exception.
Of the front-office officials who have responsibility for baseball decisions, Hank Steinbrenner was the lone Santana advocate.
He had not three-putted a hole in his past 214 — he had, in fact, one-putted five in a row from No.
And as he did in the first inning, Sonnanstine made things worse with a walk.
Its first extensive survey should appeal to rock hounds and the art-fixated alike.
“I’d say before, our wines at our trattorias would be anywhere between $45 and $50,” Mr. Alexander said.
It began quietly on Monday in Michigan, but grew in volume as Mr. Obama made his way from Flint to Farmington Hills, carrying over to a speech on Tuesday morning in Ohio.
There were times when I spent an hour a day watering.” She hired a professional to design the garden and sprinkler system.
Right now, because of technical limitations that the cable industry is working to solve, the typical cable system can offer only about 40 HD channels, he said; DirecTV, a satellite service, offers about 100 HD channels.
The channel, a subsidiary of Time Warner, will introduce HBO on Broadband starting this week to subscribers in Green Bay and Milwaukee, Wis., then spread the service slowly to other parts of the country.
Watching the men mimicking Mr. Jackson’s famous moves to his famous music is as good as this show gets.
A man suspected of killing a customer and wounding a manager at a Knoxville restaurant on Saturday was shot and killed by the police on Sunday, the authorities said.
The financing needed for those three years amounts to $3.5 million, and the festival has raised almost half of that.
Today, each one is worth about 94 United States cents, and most Australian one-year treasuries pay 6.25 percent, he wrote.
At dawn, as we reached Stella Point at the lower lip of Kibo’s summit crater, the fluted walls of the flat-topped Rebmann Glacier stretched out to our left.
In 2001, Lehman Brothers — yes, that Lehman Brothers — put out a report with the mischievous title of “Are U.S.
In addition to Indonesia, three other Council countries — Libya, South Africa and Vietnam — had expressed reservations.
It was one of those things where I never regretted, but it was bittersweet.” The man, like the priests in the film, was a remarkable figure in the young Mr. Shanley’s life.
But why the colorized, exaggerated photos, mimicking the most clich?and self-conscious of coupled moments?
LIA MILLER __________ REALLY SLOW FOOD: To make a hay-box cooker, you don’t necessarily need hay.
Still, women control only 3 percent of the roughly $1.9 trillion invested in hedge funds, according to data compiled by Susan Solovay, whose Pomegranate Capital invests in funds run only by women.
The book tells the stories of 93 ingredients both obscure (Ny’pa, a type of salt grass) and beloved (the Black Sphinx date), along with recipes that range from the accessible (Centennial pecan pie) to the challenging (whole pit-roasted Plains pronghorn antelope).
Ms. Roddenberry was also the executive producer for two other television science fiction series, “Andromeda” and “Earth: Final Conflict.” Majel Lee Hudec was born on Feb. 23, 1932, in Cleveland.
Here, one of the limitations of the form is glaringly obvious.
The bride, 29, is the special assistant to the president at the Boston Foundation, which finances nonprofit organizations in Boston.
Ms. Kozlowski, a former waitress who still lives in the mansion, filed for divorce in 2006 after Mr. Kozlowski was sentenced to 8 to 25 years.
The director Lisa Peterson pieced together the final drafts of John Belluso’s posthumous play about a struggling Iraq war veteran (2:30).
A terrible bust is born.
The Parrish has created a workshop in the middle of the show so that visitors can try their hand at origami; it is not until you take a stab at making something that you really appreciate how difficult it is.
You lose all control.” But, she said, at that point, she envied the animals.
As he walked, he held out a sign with his father’s name, hoping someone might have some news.
“No,” she said, “but I’d like to have relatives abroad sending me money!” In Guantánamo, we pulled up by the main plaza.
And we know that the younger you start smoking, the more likely you will find it hard to quit.
Stauffenberg soon joins the conspiratorial party that includes other British class acts brandishing high military rank and speaking in lightly accented or unaccented English: Bill Nighy as Gen. Friedrich Olbricht, Tom Wilkinson as Gen. Friedrich Fromm, Terence Stamp as Gen. Ludwig Beck and Eddie Izzard as Gen. Erich Fellgiebel.
Experts on Ireland’s relationship with Europe said that the country was not anti-Europe, just against European institutions it found to be shadowy and remote.
We just didn’t play it right.” Those two plays spelled the difference between 2 points and 1, between a team celebrating a jolt in momentum and a team grinding its teeth over another loss.
But a single dose doesn’t always work.
Why didn’t Mrs. Clinton and her team simply put him on a tighter leash?
One was Specialist Joseph A. Jeffries of the Army Reserve’s 320th Psychological Operations Company.
From the air, it was all bush and sea, like a set for some movie of Africa 100 years ago.
As chairman of the Council’s redevelopment committee for Lower Manhattan, Mr. Gerson said he planned a “forward-looking” hearing that would examine safeguards to prevent fire and curb falling debris, as well as an effective plan to notify neighbors of emergencies.
Over the next few days I savored the remaining pies one by one, sometimes indoors, but always out of hand.
Backs Down on Free E-ZPasses “Is the M.T.A.
Also, we were the chosen team.
Wilson was 13 of 16 passing for 205 yards and one touchdown.
Or how about sidewalks for the streets near the elementary school?
“I have pain, as well,” Robredo said.
in linguistics, the average person commits 7 to 22 slips of the tongue each day and struggles to find the right word or name surprisingly often.
Sales at stores open at least a year, or same-store sales, an important indicator in retailing, fell 2.3 percent.
Before fleshing out the story Mr. Hou decided on the actors and determined the film’s geography, taking in the layout and the street-level ambience of the neighborhoods where he would be shooting.
The movie dwells increasingly in the past.
Behind the scenes, however, he had a contentious relationship with the company’s founder, Donald Fisher, who also held the title of chief executive (Mr. Drexler was president).
“We would sit on the front steps and listen to music and talk,” the grandmother said.
PAGE A26 op-ed GAIL COLLINS A large number of Democrats have gone completely nuts about Barack Obama's presidential campaign.
Dara Birnbaum’s “Technology/Transformation: Wonder Woman” (1978-79) requires only the most minimal attention span.
“The last I heard, the Huns are not invading Maine,” Mr. Rosenberg said.
In 2007, about 30 percent of American-grown cranberries were exported, accounting for $133 million in sales.
Some network officials, meanwhile, acknowledged only a limited understanding of their analysts’ interactions with the administration.
Zarin Mehta, the orchestra’s president, said the Philharmonic still supported the renovation of Avery Fisher Hall, but that work would probably not begin until 2012 or 2013, after earlier phases of renovation at Lincoln Center are done.
Friends and neighbors identified the other hostage as Lisa Lee Ananias.
The injury could also force Sharapova to miss the United States Open.
Because mortgage rates keep going lower, she said, buyers see no reason to buy now.
He made 16 minutes look easy last week, but doing it at a swimming pool in the Caribbean isn’t the same as doing it on live television.
All right, I decided, I’m going to try making animated films, too.” He attended a technical school, worked as an animator and then became an assistant director on live-action films.
Maybe if she’d shot hoops with George Clooney.
Conservation steps, they note, may bring savings of only a few percentage points, and even those may be obscured by seasonal swings in electricity use and pricing.
He shrugged an “I don’t know.” I repeated my plea to another walker and got the same response.
Hours: Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Monmouth Museum, Brookdale Community College, Newman Springs Road.
It presents a steep learning curve and Ratliff had such a hard time that Mangini quipped early in camp that it used to take “an act of Congress” for Ratliff to get the play off.
Every relocation of a big-league franchise begets a certain amount of hand-wringing and recrimination, but this one unfolded with remarkable acrimony.
When they pull into an empty parking area, you know something terrible is about to happen.
Agent: Kathleen A. Nickelsen, Prudential New Jersey Properties (973) 992-6363, ext.
I’m not an environmentalist, necessarily, but we do live in a small world.
As if anticipating skepticism about the depth of the city’s fiscal straits, Mr. Bloomberg spent most of his budget address pointing to charts showing steep drops in the housing market and Wall Street profits.
The spot opens with eerie music and hazy side-by-side, gesticulating images of Senators Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama as an announcer says, “While Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama fight with one another, John McCain leads.’’ The commercial takes a heavy domestic turn, with the announcer saying, for instance, that Mr. McCain “understands the pain people are feeling at the pump, that’s why he wants a gas tax holiday.” The spot is running, apparently in light rotation, along with another one that is similarly geared toward domestic issues but does not mention the Democratic rivals.
President Bush vigorously opposed all of the bills because they taxed oil companies to pay for the tax breaks for alternative fuels.
Carrying a .500 record is not.
On Tuesday afternoon, Duaa screamed and threw her head back as Mr. Alghaithi gently tried to bend her arm, which is stiff with a labyrinth of inflamed burn scars.
To try to settle the question, a government audit tried to test whether the machines had malfunctioned.
“He would always say, ‘I’m not going to let my people get nailed for something they were ordered to do,’ ” said Robert Richer, Mr. Rodriguez’s deputy in the clandestine branch until late 2005, who recalls many conversations with his boss about the tapes.
But the growth rate of commercial and industrial loans took off last summer, and has only recently begun to slow.
Wal-Mart also eliminated fees like $150 monthly for covering a spouse and cut out separate deductibles, like an additional $1,000 for a hospital stay.
They packed up their cameras and notebooks and left after Gagné finished his statements.
Alone and afraid, he is taken to a police station and pushed into a dark cell.
He has resurrected his career since being traded to the Phillies, and he has a 1.99 earned run average and 31 saves in 31 tries.
European governments also agreed formally to abolish the so-called set-aside, which required some farmland to be kept out of production.
NEW HAVEN Yale Center for British Art “The New World,” directed by Terrence Malik.
Two-thirds of the increase was in automobiles and energy.
I dialed, a little fearfully.
What kind of online videos are people willing to sit through ads for?
The results, based on same-store sales, or sales at stores open for at least a year, were the weakest since March 1995, when the industry registered a decline of 0.8 percent.
The family is working to have it named a historic site and is considering using it as a museum.
The buyout company was not the focus of a Congressional panel on the problem in April, where David Strunce, the chief executive of Scientific Protein, testified.
Sumit Pal, 17, a senior at Information Technology High School in Queens , said his parents cut his $5 weekly allowance two months ago after the deli where his father works started to lose business.
The United States cozied up to Mr. Kibaki and initially congratulated him on his “victory,” without being emphatic enough that election-rigging is intolerable.
“You’re trying to make a story out of something that’s not a story,” said Sally McDonough, spokeswoman for the first lady, Laura Bush.
Triad Theater, 158 West 72nd Street, (212) 868-4444.
Mercury in Tuna On the front page of the same paper in which Wyatt’s article appeared, The Times said it had commissioned laboratory tests of tuna sushi from 20 Manhattan stores and restaurants and found high levels of mercury, in some cases so high that the Food and Drug Administration could take legal action to remove the fish from market.
Despite my habitual tardiness, I could tell he was fond of me.
Although many early-childhood experts strongly recommend that parents and children use educational Web sites together, the reality is often different.
FEDER--Leon, known as Bud to all that knew him.
The allegorical stakes in a superhero are raised — it’s not just good guys fighting bad guys, but Righteousness against Evil, Order against Chaos — precisely to authorize a more intense level of violence.
Judging by the polls, the McCain campaign has yet to recover.
Most are one-of-a-kind cars, such as the 1931 Daimler Double Six we restored.
He wanted to use it as a way of raising awareness and money to fight cerebral palsy and to gather material for a book.
It is a relatively small company, with about 55 employees, but it represents a success story that began when the young James Woodyard, growing up in Philadelphia, had a snow-shoveling operation.
ADIA is also one of the largest institutional investors in hedge funds and private equity funds.
“The incidence of people actually stealing is a lot less than the incidence of people sending discretionary funds to organizations where it’s not really doing much good,” Mr. Yassky said.
The episode could touch a raw nerve in China, which has complained about American weapons sales to Taiwan, an island that Beijing considers a renegade province.
The Kurdish regional government released a pointed rebuttal on Monday to Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki ’s recent criticism of its policies, in a sign of growing fault lines between the Kurds and Iraq ’s central government.
“It gives us the ability to cherry-pick what we think are the best properties,” said Steve Greer, the company’s founder and chief executive.
A lawyer for the company, Patrick Svonavec, said the Park Service was welcome to continue to use the land without a lease.
The Mountaineers (18-7, 7-5) finished with their best shooting game in Big East play against the conference’s worst scoring defense by hitting 53.7 percent from the field, including 11 3-pointers.
I’m a harsh critic, and I think if I get bored, then other people will get bored.” Performers must straddle a similar line.
General Motors got there early, introducing its skinny, streamlined Lean Machine concept car in 1982 at the World of Motion exhibition at Epcot in Florida.
The baseline evaluation also includes a medical history, which helps determine the athlete’s future risk of head injury and his long-term prognosis in the event of a concussion.
The commission, led by Richard Ravitch, a former chairman of the transportation authority, proposed its rescue plan for the financially teetering authority on Thursday.
At the same time, the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission, a government agency that advises Congress on Medicare issues, has recommended a policy change that would reduce payments to hospital with excessive readmission rates.
“The luxury real estate market on Corfu is only now beginning to evolve,” he said, “but the return on investment can be very significant.” For Mr. Miller, joining an estimated 70,000 foreigners with property in Greece was a relatively stress-free experience, which he credits to “a very good lawyer” and “a great deal of homework.” “I researched it as I would a story,” he explained.
This is as close as it gets to a free lunch.
“The world has figured out that the financial sector has serious problems, but the assumption is that the rest of corporate America seems to be doing O.K.,” said Ben Inker, director of asset allocation at GMO, an investment management firm in Boston.
He came in with a 4-1 lead and the bases having been loaded by Joe Smith and Pedro Feliciano.
The diners at the restaurant were warm and welcoming in conversation but almost all of them asked that their names not appear in this article out of concern for their families.
Previews of the clips offer a wide variety of responses from the passers-by.
“But Coach Dunleavy was the best pro coach I played for.
At the Cinema Village, 22 East 12th Street, Greenwich Village.
“If you bid the business out to other law firms,” said Mr. Rainwater, “perhaps you could save some money for shareholders.” Today, Bank United is sufficiently eager to raise money that Mr. Camner has agreed to give up the supervoting shares that have given him control of the bank he founded 24 years ago, if the bank is able to raise $400 million from investors.
Then, one by one, we raced through the snow, sprinted onto the ice, and plunged through the ice hole.
It now distributes commercial software to nonprofit groups in 14 countries.
Steve Hallam is leaving McLaren Racing in Formula One and moving to Nascar , where he will join Michael Waltrip Racing as the director of race engineering.
Take the Competitive Enterprise Institute, a Washington group that opposes state mandates requiring that a certain percentage of power come from renewable sources.
And perhaps Deer Park, like Woodbury Commons in Orange County, will become “synonymous with ‘let’s go shopping at the mall,’ ” he mused.
“I missed the practice of law,” Mr. Sprayregen, 48, said.
— made for an exhausting evening.
The police in some New Jersey towns have been aggressively looking for immigration violations and, predictably, it has been leading to abuses.
Under the McCain-Feingold law, which limits the role of money in campaigns, these spots had to cease 30 days before a primary election and 60 days before a general one.
But he was worried, they say, that the investigations might uncover evidence of wrongdoing that he would or should have been aware of.
Mr. Bogdanovich gave him the role of Billy, the retarded boy who sweeps the streets of his dusty Texas town.
Arnold used that phrase to describe “the demand for intellectual deliverance” that we feel when we confront the “immense, moving, confused spectacle” of the contemporary world.
Physicist and professor at CCNY for 40 years.
Santa Bárbara Airlines, the operator of the French-built plane that went down, has international routes to Madrid and Miami.
“People said the subway wouldn’t bother the business much,” Mrs. Yoo said, gazing at the heavy machinery outside her empty restaurant.
And in 2000 — after the Supreme Court ruling dashed his hopes to win Florida’s electoral votes, and with them the presidency — Al Gore lost yet another electoral vote.
Jason Kendall drove in two runs with a single to center, and Ryan Braun knocked in two runs with a sharp single off Pérez with two outs.
Roger and his wife did not have happy sex life, he told me that.
And Milka Djordjevich’s “Shape of Things to Come,” performed by five members of Team Djordjevich, came fitfully alive but was more interesting for its carefully laid-out patterns.
“But then, you won’t find Costco or Wal-Mart here, either.” The town has long been a vacation destination, but until recently it was the place to buy for those who couldn’t afford Kelowna, about 90 minutes away.
Based on our experience at After-School All-Stars, a national after-school provider serving nearly 70,000 youth a year, we believe that this financing rollback will deal an unacceptable blow to the underserved youth of America.
But brown plant hoppers adapted swiftly, and the resistant strains started losing their effectiveness in the 1990s.
The dollar is likely to continue to shed value, and the American economy will grow far slower than India’s and China’s, they acknowledge.
The energy speculators I spoke to say that Congress has it exactly backward: the futures market is actually taking its cues from the physical market, where the buyers and sellers of oil do their business.
The neighborhood is on the edge of the city’s downtown; in recent years, many of the prewar homes have been renovated.
His lower jaw was shot off.
Academic Content Standards: Grades 6-8 Behavioral Studies Standard 2- Understands various meanings of social group, general implications of group membership, and different ways that groups function.
Standing on the dock that evening admiring the crescent moon over the sea’s shimmering herringbone ripples, I almost wanted to grab an eye patch.
“What I’ll tell you about Rodney is that he didn’t get promoted because he was a basketball player,” said his supervisor, Michael Balzarano, who happened to have worked in Passaic, N.J., when Rogers was a reserve forward for the Nets and they went to the N.B.A.
But the drug did not show those benefits.
Michael smartly shifted to the club four, an attitude lead reinforcing his trick-two signal of club strength.
(May 6) PHOTO: A new cricket league is trying to be a moneymaking venture in India.
In his memo, he suggests that compensation for boards “should be adjusted to reflect the increased time commitments and responsibilities borne by directors.” He is an unapologetic apologist for the days of the Imperial C.E.O.
Officials from the league and the Giants have yet to determine what, if any, punishment Burress would receive as a result of the incident.
Sometimes Mr. Leccisi seized the last word.
That’s the sense of togetherness we have right now, all the way from top to bottom.
Visible during store hours: Monday through Saturday, 10 a.m. to 9:30 p.m.; Sunday, 11 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; closed Easter Sunday.
I don’t know where I would be today if I didn’t have that important piece of information.
We cannot allow pennywise but pound-foolish thinking to prevail when it comes to TB and other epidemics.
For his part, Mr. Hurd said H.P.
Sometimes I'll stand by the first tee and sing to everyone on the practice green.''
“I thought, ‘Do you know something I don’t know?’ “ Ms. Justice paid $135,000 for her apartment, which was $22,000 less than the price a similar unit sold for in the auction, but comparable with the final price of another unit she had bid on.
But Mr. Siddiqi said he was “astonished” by how aggressively UBS marketed its offshore accounts to Americans.
Once you click an image, you can teleport there through a program called SLurl.
As a fresh-faced folk singer she was the American Idol of 1957, she joked.
But the 40-page classified plan now under review at the United States Central Command to help train the Frontier Corps, a paramilitary force of about 85,000 members recruited from ethnic groups on the border, would significantly increase the size and scope of the American training role in the country.
They also repainted the place and bought some large potted bamboo plants to add a bit of greenery to the 10-by-10 roof deck off the kitchen.
“Start it up again like it matters anymore/I don’t know if it does,” he sings in “1,000,000.” Nine Inch Nails, Mr. Reznor said, is “an aggressive, honest, naked, angry, ugly thing.
broke away from the mainstream Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, which has 13 million members worldwide, decades ago over the practice of polygamy; Mormons disavowed it in 1890 and now excommunicate polygamists.
“With all these casualties, they kept coming, they didn’t stop,” he said.
It also would end the district’s gun registration system, which aids the police in tracking down violent criminals.
Where Dickinson used capitals and dashes to create unexpected pauses, and thus to heighten meaning, Paley uses lowercase letters and white space.
And the equally revolutionary dreams some entertained for Iraq — dreams of a liberal secular state or of a functioning Islamic democracy — still seem far from fruition.
Nor is California the only state with water needs.
The payout total rose by $55,000 on Friday, when the San Francisco woman, June Brashares, 44, an events planner, peace advocate and a member of the protest group Code Pink, reached a settlement in a lawsuit in which she said she had been injured while being ejected from the Garden and had been falsely prosecuted.
Both New York teams have been forced to rely on catchers who were not expected to make the team this spring.
In an increasingly globalized food economy, manufacturers use raw ingredients from all over the world, often making it difficult to track the origins.
A novel about the Sputnik era, “Rocket Boys,” is set in West Virginia and written by Homer Hickam, Jr. What is the most interesting anagram for the novel’s title, and why?
''Irma Vep'' is partly a comedy about the process of filmmaking, about making valiant recoveries from all the missteps along the way.
Devoted mother of Mark and his wife Diane.
Beloved husband of Doris, cherished son of Rita, adored father of Doreen and Mark Fried, Lori and Carlos Reynoso, and Jodi and Domenick Guerriero, the best Poppy of Justin, Meagan, and Isabella, loving brother of Loretta Yodice.
“One of the good things about this discussion and this debate is we are not going to be discussing the science,” Mr. Inhofe continued.
But as Japan’s economy stalled for the last dozen or so years, rapid development in countries like China and South Korea raised living standards there.
The proposals were released in a notice for public hearings on the planned increases as well as an array of service cuts to close a projected $1.2 billion shortfall next year.
“We’ve seen that tarp on the field entirely too much,” he said.
His company, Burly Bear Promotions, pays him a salary of about $100,000 a year.
“It could be several different things,” he said of the process, which will also include reviewing the actions of teams and the French cycling federation.
My student said a lot of churchgoers are comfortable with the idea that you don’t have to go along with everything your pastor says, and he remained confident that his candidate would eke out a victory.
“Will that modify the view of the board?” he asked.
“This is how: The reality of this race is the Republican Party brand is very, very badly damaged, in some places broken.
He opened Advent’s Brazil office in 1996, arriving in a boom that was inevitably followed by bust, with the Russian crisis, the Asian crisis, a Brazilian devaluation, economic collapse in Argentina, the bursting of the Internet bubble and Sept. 11 taking their toll.
39 East 83rd St. NY, NY 10028.
With my patients, I can take a full hour with each one and show them how their genes might predict their future.
There are taxis and buses.
In August 1968, two American college students, David Dalin and John Rothmann, visited the Yad Vashem Holocaust museum in Jerusalem.
“The worst-case scenario is the current sales rate stays in place or gets worse for many years,” said David Whiston, an auto analyst at Morningstar.
Ms. Palmer, who is a Memphis police lieutenant, said detectives had told her that Mr. Thomas had confessed to shooting Mr. Henderson twice with Mr. Henderson’s shotgun.
The Legislature in Maine overwhelmingly passed a resolution last January vowing not to comply.
Symptoms of serious trouble are staring us in the face, but no one is mounting an adequate response.
Dream not just of Bollywood stars like Aishwarya Rai or Shah Rukh Khan, but of clean running water, humane mass transit, better toilets, a responsive government.
2 Memphis (17-0, 4-0 Conference USA) win its 42nd straight home game and extend its streak of consecutive league victories to 27.
When, in 1927, Joan Miró said, “I want to assassinate painting,” he wasn’t saying anything new.
The Beavers, after all, had lost to Stanford and been pummeled by Penn State.
“People can survive one organ system failing and even two,” the senior doctor said to me after we were finished.
He estimates just 20,000 will find similar jobs again.
Like most foreigners, the Unicef employees have been confined to Yangon, formerly known as Rangoon.
He said he wanted to call Mr. Frost’s boss and yell at her, but realized that might get his friend fired.
So people here are coming to terms with the fact that at least for the next four years, their hometown will probably not be the next Hyde Park, San Clemente, Kennebunkport, Hyannis Port or even Crawford — places forever etched in presidential lore as the other White House.
Mr. Curran said the company had volunteered to pay for the procedure out of its own pocket.
After one episode, he was hooked.
As his crusade widens, he leaves cards at the scenes of his crimes, identifying himself as “the Rectifier.” Written and directed by Henry Bean, “Noise,” which Mr. Bean has called partly autobiographical, is the second part of a projected “fanatic trilogy” that began with “The Believer,” a deep, troubling portrait of a Jewish neo-Nazi.
Global demand for meat has multiplied in recent years, encouraged by growing affluence and nourished by the proliferation of huge, confined animal feeding operations.
The National Federation of the Blind provides a free telephone service through which people can hear articles from more than 200 newspapers and magazines, and the Jewish Guild for the Blind offers a similar program using special radios.
Amtrak trains run from Penn Station to Albany.
Allen has made 31 combined career starts at the strong and weakside linebacker spots.
Became Executive Director of Sponsors for Educational Opportunity, a non-profit devoted to helping educationally disadvantaged children go to college.
“When I get a little money, I buy books,” Erasmus said.
“Nobody competes for the money or the fame because there are no scholarships and not a lot of attention.
It was only when I ordered a cheese course (7.9 euros) that the waiter finally found his inspiration, carving out six small portions for the Best of Austria selection: a fresh goat cheese from the Waldviertel; a wine-cheese from Styria; a creamy St. Severin and a gooey Red Monk, both from Schlierbach; Kracher, a light blue cheese, topped with a sugary syrup for contrast; and kuh le rosé, a slightly sour, creamy hard cheese from Voitsberg that reminded me of a great Gruyère.
nytimes.com/dotearth VIDEO: DINING: Stir-Fried Shrimp With Black Beans Mark Bittman, the author of the Dining section's Minimalist column, explains how to bring super flavor to stir fries with fermented black beans.
(Zonin U.S.A., Charlottesville, Va.) Vallevò 2006 $8 ** Balanced and earthy with aromas of flowers and spicy cherry flavors.
The club had obtained a second exemption in the trade that sent Amado Guevara to Chivas USA.
In his answer, he praised Senator Barack Obama for the plan he outlined on to rebuild highways, bridges, airports and other public projects.
Kohlschreiber was not as consistent as he was in his upset of Andy Roddick on Friday night, squandering a total of 11 set points in the second and third sets.
Janet Abels New York, Sept. 9, 2008  To the Editor: If I understand David Brooks correctly, John McCain is doing well by emphasizing style over substance — he has no unique or innovative policies, but he’s a maverick-type guy.
All of which brings us to the complicated present and to that question about failure and success.
We put it on the refrigerator: my son, the lima bean.
In the end, though, it’s all about the lovers and the waste of their ridiculously brief lives.
She was absolutely fascinated by the presidential election this year, so we’ve been talking a lot about government and the political process.
Who hasn’t hit the game-winning shot when it doesn’t count?
A 10-year-old boy whose mother recently died here of the disease rubbed cream into his backside to relieve the ache.
“We really pushed it to the extreme of what you could do,” Idenburg said.
The Ivy League released a short statement Tuesday after an article in The New York Times on Sunday described how Kenny Blakeney, now a Crimson assistant coach, visited two Harvard recruits and played pickup basketball with them during times when contact with recruits was prohibited.
Ginepri, ranked 64th, was serving for the match at 6-5 in the second set, but could not hold serve.
He is Geoff Ogilvy, not Ogilvie.
Mr. von Eschenbach said 13 employees would be assigned to China to staff the three offices.
In addition, a director, Charles L. Daley, sold about 80,000 shares.
The appearance also subsequently lifted sales of “The Sneaky Chef,” by Missy Chase Lapine, the author who is suing Ms. Seinfeld.
But you don’t see ExxonMobil dragging its shareholders to an oil field in Kazakhstan to hold its general meeting — especially one this important.
The military judge, Col. Peter E. Brownback III, declined Friday to set a date for the trial, which had been scheduled to begin May 5.
The answer is, proposals by Democrats to let the Bush tax cuts for people making more than $250,000 a year expire, returning upper-income tax rates to the levels that prevailed in the Clinton years.
A case manager at the center, Gail Salazar, visited Mr. Ford and took stock of his cot, his television and his overloaded night table.
1739 Pearl Street; (303) 442-7233; entrees $16 to $29.
At this point, one boy went to the kitchen and waved the packaging over the burner and it caught fire.
If he is confirmed by the Senate as attorney general, Eric Holder , President-elect Barack Obama ’s choice for the job, will inherit a Justice Department that has been mired in scandal and that has seriously lost its way in critical areas.
“Enchanté de vous voir,” he said warmly, from behind the microphone that had awaited his arrival.
In ''Red Roses and Petrol,'' a soused, post-funeral postmortem on a dysfunctional Dublin family, the misery seeps from the screen in cold, damp waves; by the end you'll be grabbing for the bottle yourself.
North Carolina officials expected up to eight inches in some areas before the storm passed into Virginia, but said flooding had been minor.
“The government has simply lost three opportunities to get a guilty verdict, but generally, these cases break one way or the other based on the jury’s overall impression of the defendant’s truthfulness.” PIRATES SIGN TWO FROM INDIA The Pittsburgh Pirates signed Rinku Singh and Dinesh Patel to free-agent contracts.
But Prof. Frank G. Matero, the chairman of the graduate program in historic preservation at the University of Pennsylvania, is working with his graduate students on conserving four of the 567 4-by-4-foot panels that compose the map.
Porsche announced on Oct. 26 that it planned to increase its stake in Volkswagen to 75 percent.
“Anyone who discovers their vehicles, including motorcycles and bicycles, missing, should make a police report immediately.” “Err on the side of caution,” the paper quoted Mr. Wong as saying.
Peter Norton Space, 555 West 42nd Street, Clinton, (212) 244-7529; closes on Sunday.
A Japanese university plans to return about 250 pieces of original animation art to the Walt Disney Company that were mislaid in storage after traveling to Japan nearly five decades ago.
Naked truths like these are never a pretty sight.
“These kids need to say, ‘If my alma mater doesn’t display a record of hiring people who look like me, why should I go and help them?’ ” A lack of diversity also exists at the administrative levels of F.B.S.
If Mr. Obama is elected, that policy change may affect New York, which is considering becoming the 13th state to legalize medical marijuana.
Passengers are fighting for every square inch of space and the bigger you are, the more uncomfortable you will be on those long flights.
Box 657, Southbury, CT 06488.
Like children headed off to sleep-away camp, New York delegates arrived here with a list of dos and don’ts.
The fight began, the police said, after the attendant refused to give Mr. Diveroli his keys and Mr. Diveroli entered the garage to get them himself.
But not all the surprises were pleasant.
These lines allowed Mr. Pellicano to monitor calls across Beverly Hills without even stepping outside.
Full of rock, gravel, debris, moraines.
He also designed the limestone master bathrooms outfitted with teak cabinets, as well as the refreshingly brisk all-white second baths, which have overscale subway-tile walls and white Waterworks geometric sinks.
“That’s why we took penalties.
Three warm spring-fed pools, from 13 to 62 feet deep, are open to divers and stocked with thousands of fish, including two nurse sharks.
During these 12 years of Rwandan control, the mineral-rich provinces have been economically integrated into Rwanda.
Nancy Pelosi , the House speaker, in a letter sent Thursday evening to President Bush, reiterated that view.
The United States imposed economic sanctions on Sudan in the 1990s because of Sudan’s suspected links to terrorist organizations.
Vitamin D seems to dampen an overactive immune system.
He is ranked 40th on Comedy Central's list of the 100 greatest stand-up comedians.
“I have a more important issue than the loss in the quarter.
''You've got to put yourself in the audience's shoes.''
The celebration among teammates stretched late into the night and early morning, eventually giving way to the easy sleep that comes with success.
MORTGAGE-RELATED SECURITIES There were several rationales for buying troubled mortgage-backed securities.
The first floor, devoted mostly to ties and shirts, leads to an alcove of cashmere clothing.
And they ended up together for several years.
The adviser warned him not to sign the warrant applications because it was unclear where the wiretaps were coming from.
While he seems to have settled on a line of attack against Mr. McCain, his campaign appearances in the past 12 days make clear that he is still grappling with his approach to Ms. Palin.
“Once a year we’ll get the virgins from Mary Louis to stomp the grapes.” Signs of the End Some last stops seem to specialize in curious signage.
“I’m not accusing anybody of anything at this point,” Chief Melnick said.
Qu Hongbin, the chief China economist at HSBC, said in a research note that he expected the central bank to reduce interest rates by another 2 to 2.5 percentage points by June, and the reserve requirement by another 4 percentage points.
He is perfectly composed in all senses of the word.
At the outset, we’re told that “Epilogue” isn’t meant to focus solely on the grief and loss associated with becoming widowed.
Most airlines want to be sure of the demand for their services before entering a market, he said.
Thus they feel no need to critique, for instance, their own tabulation that one of the most commonly voiced student complaints about today’s college experience, nationwide, is the lack of sufficient on-campus parking.
Three million more have severe side effects like deafness , paralysis or retardation.
The Supreme Court on Monday agreed to decide just how blunt that instrument is.
The question was simple enough.
The Judiciary bill died this week, with the help of other bullyable Democratic senators like Mr. Rockefeller, Claire McCaskill, Mary Landrieu and Ben Nelson.
Many modern skiers find the idea of doing a few chores and sharing a bathroom with strangers, which many clubs require, as unacceptable as a T-shirt without a designer label.
“These films are part of the history of this place and the people buried here.” Near the couple sat the tombs of Douglas Fairbanks, senior and junior; Cecil B. DeMille, the legendary director; and Marion Davies, starlet and William Randolph Hearst’s longtime mistress.
“It’s for the tomato tarte Tatin,” Ms. Fleming said.
Used to work as: Philadelphia district attorney and mayor; general chairman of the Democratic National Committee; chairman of the National Governors Association; trustee, Temple University.
“If you go to Google Trends and track the number of times it is mentioned, the curve is almost algorithmic from a year and a half ago.” (At this writing, Google cites 1.9 million references.)
During this time some of the horses will be traveling back west, northeast and south.
It is denied by the individual officers.
Some passengers slept overnight inside the steel-and-glass terminal, reviving precisely those images of delay and decline in British aviation that British Airways said Terminal 5 would banish.
In 2003, Mr. Fensterman contributed $1,500 to the campaign of Mr. Spota, the district attorney prosecuting the nurses, the newspaper said.
The Blazers are a surprising 26-19, ninth in the tough Western Conference.
This year, the family is instead thinking about going camping with Classic Journeys for their summer vacation.
When he thinks of San Francisco, he thinks of Jerry Rice, Joe Montana and Steve Young.
The state party in Michigan hasn’t put forth an idea of its own, says The Wall Street Journal, but “the Clinton campaign is leaning more toward a second party-run primary, while two of Sen. Obama’s campaign state co-chairmen suggested this week that a 50-50 split was a better course of action.” Campaign trail roundup: * Hillary Rodham Clinton gives a speech on high fuel prices at a gas station in Pittsburgh, where later she holds a rally.
The party’s goal is a deal that neither splits key constituencies nor damages its broader reputation — the very things that sank Democratic hopes in 1968.
Instead of Air Alinea or Tobolobampo to Go, however, diners will find: Chicago-style hot dogs so poorly assembled as to cast doubt on the city’s architectural heritage; collard greens so bland and peach cobbler so mucoid they’d start riots on the South Side; and greasy, flavor-free cheeseburgers whose only claim to fame is that they inspired a “Saturday Night Live” sketch featuring John Belushi , a comedian renowned, of course, for his discriminating palate.
Officials also claim that if they get the new warheads, the government probably won’t have to keep as many backup warheads in the stockpile to hedge against technical failure — although nobody is making any promises.
Until now, such deliveries have provided relief to about 35,000 people in 58 camps in Dili.
Debarati Guha-Sapir, director of the Center for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters, a research institution in Belgium, said that the Congo survey was methodologically sound.
As a former project arts coordinator and art teacher in a New York City high school, I learned two important things relative to this situation: When I confronted one parent of a child who fell asleep in my class almost daily, I found out that when he went into his bedroom for the night he entered a room that was fully equipped with a computer, TV, DVD player and so on.
The cult of celebrity and the commercialization of art are not unique to the West.
There is nothing timid about the ambitions of the new Museum of Islamic Art that opens here next week.
Though he agreed that Mr. Frungillo’s company had worked hard to renovate the manor, Mr. Grissom said, “It’s not his building — it’s yours and mine.” The debate highlights some of the difficulties inherent in public-private partnerships.
But what about the story ?
“When you are starting up, you can get demoralized really quickly,” Mr. Shah said.
The ''red phone'' advertisement may become the political equivalent of MasterCard's much-imitated ''Priceless'' spots.
Majestic Warrior, who is owned by George Steinbrenner, was a disappointing seventh in his 3-year-old debut.
He is 6-foot-2, 180 pounds, and runs the 110-meter hurdles.
Tuesday, 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., “Rediscovering Jacob Riis: Exposure Journalism and Photography in Turn-of-the-Century New York,” a discussion with Bonnie Yochelson, author of “Berenice Abbott: Changing New York,” and Daniel Czitrom, a history professor at Mount Holyoke College.
Flipping onto his back and stomach like a fish out of water, he takes many of the story’s images literally — playing up, for instance, Beckett’s reference to a dog by transforming himself into one.
Perhaps a tougher management would have pressed for diversification.
Ask Republicans (and some Democrats, too), and they’ll tell you that he had an underwhelming year, marked by too many compromises and too many delays on one policy after another.
(His work is shown at the Dean Project, a gallery in Long Island City.)
“I want to see different combinations,” D’Antoni said.
With endowment values and charitable gifts likely to decline, the process of setting next year’s tuition low enough to keep students coming, but high enough to support operations, is trickier than ever.
Yet you seemed to value Mrs. Clinton’s “experience” more than Mr. Obama’s ability to unite a polarized nation.
And academic studies have shown the Hmong here to have more robust physical health and less pessimism about their circumstances than their brethren in the United States, where some Hmong communities have had difficulty adapting to cities or suburbs and have been plagued by suicides and health problems.
In northeastern Assam State, indigenous Bodos fought with Bengali-speaking Muslims, leaving more than 50 people dead.
“It would be an event, taking an Internet property and turning it into a theatrical movie,” he said in the meeting.
The 46th Street side had five window bays separated by four sculpture niches.
Though this is hardly an ordinary case, data from the Texas child protective system show a preference for keeping children in the care of families or relatives.
The company line expanded to florals, stripes, plaids and shirtwaist dresses with buttons all the way down to the hem, among other items.
NEW ROCHELLE Iona College “Music Without Borders,” presented by the Harvie S Band, jazz.
Hou resigned after 48 ... fg because she faced certain checkmate.
A suite of photographs by Lewis Baltz studies the textures of dilapidated tract housing.
“Four weeks later, I got my permanent-resident status.” But times have changed since Pierre Trudeau, then the prime minister, declared Canada “a refuge from militarism.” While Canada is still a relative haven for asylum-seekers, its immigration laws have tightened sharply, and Prime Minister Stephen Harper has been a faithful ally of the Bush administration.
“Ordinary simple actions, when done with commitment, become something powerful,” he said, a quality of Gandhi’s idea of “satyagraha,” a Sanskrit term that can be translated as “truth-force” and stands for Gandhi’s principle of nonviolent resistance.
Mr. Obama said: “What I’m certain about is that people are disenchanted with a highly ideological Republican Party that believes tax cuts are the answer to every problem, and lack of regulation and oversight is always going to generate economic growth, and unilateral intervention around the world is the best approach to foreign policy.
But critics of the approach say the country’s leaders are not doing enough at home.
A recent joint study by the United States Department of Agriculture and the University of Nebraska indicates that biofuel made from switchgrass reduces greenhouse gas emissions by 94 percent and, moreover, produces 540 percent more renewable energy than what it takes to produce it.
Inside College Hockey put Harkness fifth on its list of the 16 best college hockey coaches, noting he was one of two to win N.C.A.A.
against the run with an 81.3-yard average.
KATE ZERNIKE BARACK OBAMA 'DOSE OF PRACTICALITY' There was something improbable about the new guy from Chicago via Honolulu and Jakarta, Indonesia, the one with the Harvard law degree and the job teaching constitutional law, turning up in Springfield, Ill., in January 1997 among the housewives, former mayors and soybean farmer in the State Senate.
Parking, $5 ($3 for members) Saturdays and Sundays; free on weekdays.
But other analysts said that credit markets around the world were almost entirely dysfunctional on Monday morning, when political leaders and investors alike assumed that Congress had reached a firm deal and would easily approve the bailout.
So Microsoft's take is that I- LoveTibet and all variations on that theme are just collateral damage in its war on phishing.
Tati once observed that nobody whistled in the streets anymore.
An article on Friday about the near-autonomy that Army and Marine captains have in the Iraq war described the rank of captain incorrectly and misidentified the type of bonus that captains may receive if they continue beyond their initial commitment.
He thought long and hard about it, imagining himself draped in the blue and orange of his parents’ homeland and competing on swimming’s grandest stage for a country not really his own.
“Maybe it was the foot,” he said.
The month earlier, she had lent her campaign $5 million.
They know all about boom and bust.
The night before the fair’s official opening, she joined about 30 publishers from around the world celebrating Simon Schama, the British historian whose latest book, “The American Future,” was just released in Britain.
Meanwhile, the Bush administration’s pardon program is in complete disarray.
In the 12 months through March, the total miles driven — 2.99 trillion — were nearly 1 percent below the figure for the 12 months before.
A growing number of these couples have moved beyond dressing their attendants in matching robin’s-egg blue and are now seeking to dictate what clothing and colors the guests wear.
Resistance was met with immediate and disproportionate retaliation: according to their own estimates, the German military killed 73 Belarussians for every dead German.
That helps explain why he could be picked before anybody from the University of Tennessee, a better-known program in the state.
And anti-Semites say that Jews control Hollywood … –Patrick
Eventually, the parties agreed that the workers would be the only ones to benefit.
Shipley, the Op-Ed editor, said he regretted not urging Luttwak to soften his language about possible assassination, given how sensitive the subject is.
(“Jesse, I love the way you’re raising your hand, 10 points for contributing and another 10 for validating Joey.”) The camp is so structured, Dr. Fleiss said, because hyperactive kids do best in a predictable environment where rules are clearly set out.
“Bad times is when Joe is best,” said Bugel, who developed the Redskins’ offensive line, the Hogs, during Gibbs’s first tenure.
And from a group that faces their own form of prejudices — amazing.
Christian Vandevelde of Garmin Chipotle finished eighth in the time trial and is now sixth over all, 37 seconds behind Schumacher.
Experts say that shoppers may not see much benefit from the recent price dips.
4:40 Jones and Bramlage speak about the necropsy report.
“Lisfranc is probably just French for ‘athlete’s foot.’ ” Joba and his rotator-cuff tendinitis?
''If that will allow some curiosity seekers, perhaps, to have one more thing that they can either check the box off, that they can find something to criticize, perhaps, or to rest them assured over, fine,'' Ms. Palin said.
“Yeah, of course you feel like you’re stepping back in time,” said Norman, who was No.
Many see the case as the last stand by Turkey’s secular old guard — a powerful class that includes the military and judiciary — that is against the ropes and trying desperately to hang on to power.
rules governing benefits and recruiting advantages, this seemed to amount to a minor or so-called secondary violation.
“Elementary school mistake,” said Rouse, who made several fine saves while facing 14 shots.
Breed is survived by his parents, Roy LeEster and Willie Breed; his children, Kiara Monique, Erica Ariel, Alexis Cymone, Marco Chene and Eric Jalen; two brothers, Pete and Kevin Breed; and a sister, Bridgette Breed.
So much so that his name and face, affixed to any product, may be the last commodity left in the marketplace that can still move Americans to shop.
treaty that was once billed as a “constitution” and is now the downsized nightmare of every Brussels bureaucrat?
A telling footnote is that many restaurants serve not only reliables like pupusas — tortillas stuffed with pork and cheese — but also chicken francese.
Much of Mr. Zuma’s support within his party comes from the other two members of the “Tripartite Alliance:” the Congress of South African Trade Unions and the Communist Party.
He later became assistant controller at Dillon Read & Co. Inc., then a controller and vice president of Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.
At these parties, six or eight friends share a one-pot dish like bouillabaisse (“risotto would obviously be a disaster,” Ms. Seggerman said), two card tables, and lots of rosé.
By contrast, Citigroup and Merrill Lynch had to obtain fresh injections of cash after writing off huge losses from their SIVs.
Mr. Kestenbaum said Mr. O’Byrne never directly contacted federal or state tax officials about his tax debts, and never sought to have his penalties reduced, a request taxpayers can make, even after he joined Mr. Paterson’s staff as a speechwriter in 2004.
Saturday and Tuesday at 1 p.m., “Gangsters, Murderers and Weirdos,” meeting at the northwest corner of Second Avenue and Houston Street.
But people will do that too.
They haven’t given the Dalai Lama the number.
Assuming they have some.” HEALTH ALERTS The site design leaves much to be desired — graphics tend to run into each other and block out text and links, for example — but HealthInspections.com might be a good place to visit before heading to your favorite restaurant.
(Johnson) MORGAN LIBRARY & MUSEUM: 'PHILIP GUSTON: WORKS ON PAPER,' through Aug. 31.
Gentle of soul, noble of heart.
4:30 p.m. 6) COCKTAILS OR CIABATA There are plenty of après ski scenes on the slope, like the plastic lawn chairs outside the Bergenhof Restaurant (Base of Peak 8; 970-496-7417) dubbed Bergy Beach, where you can listen to Jimmy Buffet while drinking cocktails with tiny umbrellas.
During a session of the Conference on Disarmament earlier this week in Geneva, China and Russia proposed a pact that would go beyond the Outer Space Treaty of 1967, which bans orbiting weapons of mass destruction, and would prohibit all weapons in space.
I never want to tell my girls — and I’m sure Obama feels the same about his — that they have to go to China to see the future.
There he is, reporting in his regular Jewish War Veterans column on a successful outing to the Veterans Memorial Home in Menlo Park, where he and some fellow former soldiers held a bingo game and admired the new reclining wheelchairs they had bought for the residents with money from selling Veterans Day poppies.
A spokeswoman from the Environmental Protection Agency, which oversees the Energy Star program along with the Department of Energy, told me that, generally, any appliance over 15 years old probably should be put out to pasture.
Many are from the two states, but others came here and to Texas on their own dime — typically from Washington and New York, some responding to an e-mail plea from Chelsea Clinton.
But Harry Reid of Nevada, the Senate Democratic leader, has pledged that he would not disown Mr. Lieberman under those circumstances and said he considered him a good friend.
The first New York museum show devoted exclusively to this Viennese master is less a coherent Klimt exhibition than a Klimt-o-rama.
Some worked through the night, sometimes six nights a week.
On Friday, Mr. Burton declined to speculate on why Mrs. Clinton had not agreed to the North Carolina debate, saying only, ''Maybe she likes the Jersey Shore more than the Outer Banks.''
“We want to be viewed as a Chinese company.
Now, with the carrying cost running at $2,000 a month, he, too, needs to sell and is considering a price drop — though he has already lowered the price once, to $409,000.
They said, ‘Who’s Fox News?’ By the time they realized what was happening they had to circle the wagons.
“We just felt comfortable together, in each other’s company.
On Monday, Mr. Buffett said he would disclose in the next annual report more information about how Berkshire Hathaway calculates losses on such investments.
“It’s as if there are many things happening behind the scenes that have given Yahoo management so much confidence.
East teams, but this is the first time they have faced one that does not have a mortifying pass rush.
The four-ship Essex group can produce fresh water from seawater, has medical facilities on board and landing craft and helicopters that can ferry personnel and supplies to remote locations.
Last winter, Barack Obama succeeded by running a weird campaign.
The dot-com party came to an abrupt end in March 2000.
Phelps added to his trials victories in the 400 individual medley on Sunday (4:05.25, breaking his world record) and the 200 freestyle on Tuesday (1:44.10, lowering his trials mark from 2004).
Section 5 of the law prohibits several states, mostly in the South, and some local government agencies from changing their election practices without permission from the Justice Department or the courts.
Kevin J. Madigan is a Roman Catholic who teaches Christian history at Harvard Divinity School.
But the big urban centers, including Indianapolis and Gary, have yet to report, so this early read is meaningless.
“Well, that’s part of it, but still guys have to step up,” Randolph said.
Loss of life can be minimized in a storm if people evacuate -- and know how dangerous it is to try to ride out a storm.
And Debbie Gloyd of Cleveland has parked her Chrysler Concorde and started taking the bus to work.
Friday, and Tuesday through Thursday at 10:30 a.m. and noon; Saturday and Sunday at 1 p.m.; 79th Street and the West Drive, Central Park; $8; $5 for 18 and under.
Michael Park, as Margo’s director/lover, and Tom Hewitt, as her producer, are handsome ciphers.
It alleged that guards regularly arranged fights between inmates in the yard on so-called “gladiator days,” placing bets on the combatants and often opening fire on them for sport.
Once students have been selected for the prestigious fellowships, said Tom Casey, a State Department spokesman, “It ought to be falling off a log for them to be able to do this.”
Parker is the Tennessee player whose ability to excel from perimeter to post has marked her as the game’s next superstar.
“He left, but he hasn’t yet arrived,” she said.
Herding Cats on the Set Performing a live television show is an exercise in exactitude.
Responding to a back-up call, another officer arrived and found the female officer on the ground with Mr. Morton on top of her.
Services will be held Monday April 10th, 2008, 11am at Mt.
“Romany art goes on display as a favor,” he said.
Lawmakers discovered Wednesday the omission of an entire section of the farm bill, Title 3 covering trade programs and foreign food aid , from the package that was sent to Mr. Bush for his signature.
So what is going on?
A white student looks back on her decision to attend the historically black Howard University.
An alliance of seven Western states and four Canadian provinces unveiled a blueprint on Tuesday for the most far-reaching effort in North America to curb emissions linked to climate change .
The beef unit had sales of $2.6 billion in fiscal 2007, accounting for about 20 percent of the total for its parent company, based in Smithfield, Va. National Beef, based in Kansas City, has operations in California, Pennsylvania and Georgia.
Now, having tasted college, they meet on the bleachers of the high school football field.
There have been no public comments from Chinese mills since Vale’s announcement.
He leaves Rachel, his wife of 26 years; Joan, his first wife, of 34 years; and their three children, Sigrid, Jason, and Nina; as well as four grandchildren, Julia and Emma, Alice and Sarah, and sons-in-law, Reg Balmer and Marc Schreiber.
''That's the tough part to take.''
Darling, the chancellor of the Exchequer, said he was considering a range of options, including a national loan guarantee plan, favored by the opposition Conservative Party, that would underwrite commercial or even household loans.
Walsh swiveled and smiled, as if to say, “Don’t kid a kidder.”  Walsh is a basketball guy who supervised the creation of the Pacers’ Conseco Fieldhouse, with glorious Indiana hoops artifacts displayed everywhere.
In his early years he performed and recorded almost all the solo keyboard music of Bach, to widespread acclaim.
But isolated acts of preservation and some lucky circumstances also prevailed.
“It’s not ideal,” Mr. Primo said, “but it’s the new reality.”
Jalawla lies 80 miles north of Baghdad in a region where some districts are in dispute between the Arab-majority Baghdad government and the Kurdish regional authorities in northern Iraq .
The implication, also, is that it would be hard to change him now.
Mr. Perrette said NBC understands that customers may object to their music players acting as copyright cops.
Over the last 10 years the kind of grand, celestial pop the Verve plays has found a considerable audience through bands like Coldplay and Snow Patrol.
In another song she calls this gap between her inner turmoil and outer confidence “shadow and the frame.” If the old obsession with romantic love, expressed in “Constant Craving,” the driving ballad that remains her biggest hit and which she performed on Wednesday, still nags, she has acquired some perspective.
Indophil Resources said Thursday that its board had turned down a takeover bid from Xstrata , MarketWatch reported.
But in an age when newspapers are slashing staff and the amount of time writers can invest in a story, it’s simpler to accept a publisher’s “author Q.&A.” than to do your own reporting.
It has the added virtue of being the right way.
This nightstand-size book offers fetching paintings of familiar vistas that Mr. Bowden elevates to an ethereal dimension.
“At all levels — but especially at the high end — many hotels just feel fancy rather than well designed,” said Henry H. Harteveldt, vice president for travel at Forrester Research in San Francisco, who added that it was time for luxury hotel leaders like Ritz-Carlton to start playing catch-up.
But lately it has also mixed in material from large media companies like CBS, Viacom ’s MTV Networks and USA Network.
“What is it, Daddy?” “A picture of me when I was a little kid,” I said, handing it to her.
Gottvalles had spent the lead-up to the race bragging about how he could drink a bottle of wine and smoke half a pack of cigarettes every day and still break records.
Theater Steven McElroy During this period between Thanksgiving and Christmas, uptown theater may seem overrun with Rockettes from the Radio City Christmas Spectacular and the clowns of ''Slava's Snowshow,'' which starts previews Tuesday at the Helen Hayes Theater (240 West 44 Street, Manhattan, telecharge.com).
Mr. Steinbrück, like Mr. Williams, also urged policy makers to enhance financial oversight.
The deal had been closely watched for weeks by investors who considered it a critical gauge of confidence in the global banking system.
Because nothing was tracked on radar, the Federal Aviation Administration did not investigate.
As to those cash contributions, determining a rate of exchange is more of a technical problem than a moral one.
The renegotiation, which would set a sale price of more than $1 billion, comes after a tumultuous week on Wall Street and in Washington because of the near collapse of Bear and the hastily devised deal to save it.
2 Tennessee beat host South Carolina for the 35th consecutive time.
No, he and his advisers had to move the convention’s final night out of the Pepsi Center and onto Invesco Field, and you don’t need clairvoyance to imagine the scene that will unfold there: Obama soaking in the fading sunlight like some weird combination of Brett Favre and the Dalai Lama, surrounded by 80,000 screaming fans of all ages and colors, the mile-high breeze rippling through that dark suit coat that looks as if it were sewn on him while he was standing backstage.
But even that is a small amount compared with the 35 million gallons a day leaking out of an upstate aqueduct for the last 20 years.
No more of that manual screwing parts on.
The survey, by the Inter-American Development Bank, found that only half of 18.9 million Latino immigrants in the United States send money to relatives abroad.
This strategy — known as “case rate” or “prospective” payment — is standard in American hospitals .
THRASHERS 3, SABRES 2 Ilya Kovalchuk and Slava Kozlov scored shootout goals for host Atlanta, which handed Buffalo its first loss of the season.
In their combined five starts against the Phillies in 2008 — over all, the teams have played 10 games, with the Mets winning 7 — Santana and Pérez have been consistently tough.
“I know a lot about antiques, but I’m not an expert.” Another New York decorator was less sanguine.
Another OB-GYN, Dr. Rebecca Kolp, was now in charge of Clark’s team.
He needed constant travel (there are letters here from Cuba, Vietnam, Chile, the Congo and every place in between) and constant sexual companionship, whether from long-term lovers, transient female admirers or prostitutes.
... Cincinnati quarterback Carson Palmer will miss at least one more game because of a sore passing elbow.
(Holland Cotter) GUGGENHEIM MUSEUM: ‘CAI GUO-QIANG: I WANT TO BELIEVE,’ through May 28.
“I think there are probably a lot of shoppers who made an effort over Christmas to read the box and say ‘It’s made in China; I won’t buy made in China this year,’ ” he noted.
Over the last three decades, he aided the campaigns of some prominent Mississippi politicians, getting out the vote for Mr. Barbour and Mr. Lott, among others, and has retained his political influence despite a bank fraud indictment in the 1980s.
“The first half, we were a little shaky, but the second half was much better.” It was in the second half, where the Nets joined in Bryant’s misfiring.
Mr. Obama has campaigned in virtually every state that has held a primary or caucus this year, and his resulting victories in a broad swath of states are a major reason he has a lead over Mrs. Clinton in delegates.
He said in a statement, “These are the kinds of big ideas we need to meet California’s long-term energy and climate change goals.” He added that more partnerships between commercial building owners and utilities could “set off a huge wave of renewable energy growth.” Edison plans to cut costs by putting in relatively large installations, with teams moving from building to building.
The squat, naked-people coffee cups.
The struggling automaker, reacting to what it sees as a rapid and permanent shift in consumer tastes brought on by high gas prices, plans to unveil its new direction on Thursday, when it will report quarterly earnings.
In addition to a discussion of the music that was originally connected to the three versions of the film (in one of those strange twists of art and life, it, too, was lost to fire), we hear Mr. Farrington and an archivist talk about how to approach these multiplicities.
Much of the loss came as the result of one-time charges of $1.2 billion.
The Police Department did not prosecute the case.
Senator Barack Obama took a big step toward becoming the Democratic presidential nominee on Tuesday, amassing enough additional delegates to claim an all but insurmountable advantage in his race against Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton .
10 South Florida all have a better chance of going undefeated than any of the other 15 unbeatens.
He later apologized, explaining that he had done it for the sake of the government spies who were watching him.
The market sensibility may account for what Mr. Olneck and others call an increasing careerism among junior faculty members.
My mother hadn’t become ill yet, and I was just shy of my 14th birthday.
A lot of their urgency, let’s face it, is artificial.
But the continuing political warfare is leading the country to a precarious impasse.
Which is also to say if he was part of organized, digitized society, as had been Roger Corbett.
(Sulcas) ★ NEW CHAMBER BALLET (Friday and Saturday) Miro Magloire’s New Chamber Ballet is one of the small-scale delights of the New York dance scene.
When they appeared at the Jewish Museum that year, the critics hated them.
Martha Queen, 72, who is raising her 17-year-old great-grandson, has been lonely and depressed since she moved to a public unit in a different neighborhood, away from her friends.
These lives are reimagined in language of surpassing beauty.
And I can understand the omission of any reports about the church’s vast array of social, medical and educational services that are available to everyone.
The kind who aren't skilled enough, but try it anyway.
Jeff Zucker , the president of NBC Universal, recently set a goal of increasing the international portion of the company’s revenues to 30 percent by 2010.
“Joe didn’t think very highly of me, and that may be putting it mildly,” Crouthamel said in a telephone interview.
The pivotal moment, experts say, came in late April, on the eve of parliamentary elections, when the European Union decided to offer a political and economic pact with Serbia that would open the path for its future membership in the bloc.
The state comptroller’s office issued an opinion that Mr. Reich should repay pension money he had collected since September 2006.
Performance of the 220D’s chief rival, the Peugeot 504 diesel, was about the same.
But when she looks at her baby, her strained face softens and becomes beautiful again.
Not until I was comfortably lodged in academia did I see my selfish hedging for what it was, and at the same time I felt my longtime dread of marriage evaporate, replaced by a kick of adrenaline.
networks in the past, surely see this.
Box 4100 New York, NY 10261-4100 (212) 980-1000 For instructions on how to donatestock to the fund, call(212) 556-1137 or fax (212) 730-0927.
(Each point is worth 787,659 households.)
“If there is a redo, it has to be inclusive,” she said.
The mezzo-soprano Sasha Cooke as Oppenheimer’s wife, Kitty; the bass-baritone Richard Paul Fink as Edward Teller; and the bass-baritone Eric Owens as the blustery project commander Gen. Leslie Groves are all excellent.
I’d sooner take a short flight to nowhere.
Virgin Comics was formed in 2006 to create superhero and adventure print comics based on Indian mythology, which could also be licensed for film and merchandising.
At that point, it seemed as if the Rays should have asked Baldelli to bunt.
In some states, licensed lawn companies are required to carry liability insurance to cover accidents or damage, Mr. Delaney said.
“It’s supposed to be really good for running, and when I do it regularly, it does loosen up my hips and make me feel better for running.” Yet she puts off going to yoga.
This is a war over values, leadership styles and social networks.
Trans-Atlantic travel — the lines, the security measures — has lost its allure.
Van Seenus was recently featured in his solo show ''Guinevere,'' a retrospective of their 12-year partnership as photographer and muse.
ILLUSTRATIONS (ILLUSTRATIONS BY BEN WEEKS)
“I never hold hands.” Appreciating Acceptance Ron and Greg Poole-Dayan, who were married in Canada and combined their last names, endured their share of harassment after the 2001 birth of their children, Elinor and Tomer, who were conceived using Ron’s sperm and Greg’s sister’s eggs.
Increasingly, that does not happen, not with inventories of homes across the country at an 18-year high, according to the National Association of Realtors .
Mr. Bush vetoed two earlier versions of the legislation, which he denounced as a dangerous step toward “government-run health care for every American,” and the House sustained those vetoes.
All three are popular, and they highlighted their state’s economic performances, which compared favorably with their neighbors.
But there was little doubt that the Devils won their fifth in a row because of another impressive performance from Brodeur, who is 14-6-2 during his consecutive-games streak.
WHY CAN SCIENCE CREATE COOPERATION IN PLACES WHERE EVERYTHING ELSE FAILS?
The museum said the rescue plan, which involves a restructuring of its management, would allow it to maintain its current headquarters, seen as a linchpin in the revitalization of downtown.
“It’s rare that you get triple-iced,” said Longwell, who remained pleasantly puzzled about what transpired in the final seconds.
I think it’s a safe bet that Governor Paterson’s visual impairment will be harder for the public to understand than his race.
He left the Bloomberg administration in 2005 to be the chief executive of American Stevedoring, a port operator.
The cyclone in May, which initially caused great tension between Myanmar and Western governments that offered aid, may have created a small opening for better cooperation, said Mark Canning, the British ambassador in Myanmar.
I left my campaign and suspended it to go back to Washington to make sure that there were additional protections for the taxpayer in the form of good oversight and the form of taxpayers being the first to be paid back when our economy recovers, and it will recover, and a number of other measures.
We don’t want another four years of George W. Bush, and that’s what John McCain is offering.” A window into the magnitude of this challenge came Sunday evening at a Democratic dinner in Indianapolis.
How wild can you get with a shirt?” Golf’s Next Wave Tiger Woods may be hurting right now, but we are beginning to see the results of the boom he spawned in junior golf.
And at the Church of Saint Raymond on Castle Hill Avenue in the Bronx, one altar girl had trimmed her wish list.
Now it has its first chance to really see and know itself and define its identity.
“You should not fear religious people in your society as a matter of fact, religious people will make your society a better place that you ought to welcome people being able to express their minds.” He added, “And to the extent that people aren’t able to do that and people aren’t able to worship freely is, you know, I think is a mistake.” In none of Mr. Bush’s remarks has he directly addressed what advocates have called a pre-Olympic crackdown on dissent and potential protest.
Ms. Becker is now the acting head of this troubled office, and at her confirmation hearing last week, she failed to show that she is up to the task of setting it right.
“If you want 10,000 tons, they’ll sell you 5,000 today, maybe 3,000,” said W. Scott Tinsman Jr., a fertilizer dealer in Davenport, Iowa.
Mr. Yousef was quoted on Tuesday in Al Hayat, a London-based Arabic newspaper, saying that contact had first been made with Mr. Obama’s advisers on the Internet and that meetings were then held in Gaza.
Denise Karbon of Italy, skiing with a broken left thumb, won a giant slalom World Cup race in Ofterschwang, Germany.Karbon won her fifth giant slalom race of the season with a combined time of 2:22.26 to increase her lead in the standings.
Now, with the opening of PastaVino in Mineola in May, we have an Italian bistro.
The records leave unclear exactly when or how Mr. Bah was injured in detention.
They were second in the day’s first race, just barely edged by the team from France, and fourth in the second — a record good enough to put them in first place after three races.
Died after a long illness on Sunday at 97.
“I’m very worried because this has generated an atmosphere full of prejudice, an anti-immigrant atmosphere with certain themes that are also anti-Mexican, that benefits no one,” he said.
Your loving wife Pat Eales
The State Department renewed a contract for one year with Blackwater to guard American diplomats in Baghdad, where the company has come under scrutiny for incidents in which civilians died.
When it comes to basketball, the mayor said he roots for the Boston Celtics.
The judge, Paul Worsley, said laws setting the maximum sentences he imposed were “woefully inadequate for the enormity” of the plot.
PEEKSKILL Paramount Center for the Arts “The Linguists,” directed by Seth Kramer, Daniel A. Miller and Jeremy S. Newberger.
Many departments still do not have maternity policies, or even guidelines on how long a pregnant officer should be on patrol.
's, who stirred up the art scene in London and beyond in the 1990s, died on Saturday in Scotland.
We in the press were often lap dogs rather than watchdogs, and we let the public down.
As India-Pakistan peace talks progressed in recent years, Lashkar sharply decreased its attacks in Kashmir.
PC was introduced in the summer of 1981.
The company did not say how many people in the investment-banking division, which numbered 22,800 at the end of September, will be affected.
The parents sued after concluding that school officials had not responded appropriately to their complaint about their daughter’s treatment.
No one is laughing now.
A radio, alloy wheels and air-conditioning are only available on pricier versions of the Nano.
As Mr. Obama drew standing ovations in crowded gymnasiums and theaters across southern New Hampshire, he barely acknowledged the criticism.
Hall of Famers in my career,” said Ernie Accorsi, who was general manager of three teams, including the Giants for nine seasons.
An investor group led by NBC Universal and two private equity firms clinched a deal for the Weather Channel on Sunday after three weeks of negotiations.
Douglas M. Parker South Orleans, Mass., July 14, 2008
It was scary: bigger than my foot, with an inside like cold mashed potatoes.
Every time I tried to load it on my desktop computer, my software player choked on the 58-page “End User’s License Agreement” and crashed, so I don’t know how well the new features work.
But Con Ed cautions against comparing with previous months.
That process — sashimi-to-ceviche — is one I saw repeated by B.
Upstairs are the bedrooms and a studio where the couple’s four computers share space on a large desk.
The former Penn State football player Chris Bell has pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of making terroristic threats.
Peer deeper into the murk of Hollywood’s business practices, though, and the question becomes: How could it not?
Forty-five minutes before Florida’s tip-off with Alabama, Horford walked through the Georgia Dome, where the Gators repeated as national champions in 2007 with a victory against Ohio State.
MBIA said that it had requested that Fitch withdraw its ratings on units including the AAA-rated MBIA Insurance Corporation.
“We expect continued weakness in housing through 2008 and mortgage volumes to decline as a result.
The Black AIDS Institute took note of that program in criticizing the administration’s efforts at home.
“Every banker knows that if he has to prove that he is worthy of credit, however good may be his arguments, in fact his credit is gone.” Walter Bagehot Bear Steans shares plunged today AFTER it got a bailout.
Meanwhile, Mr. Inkles said he was trying to gain more corporate donors to replace those, like Washington Mutual Bank, that have vanished since September.
Plans call for a total of 2,900 condos, town houses and single-family homes to be built over the next 15 years, as well as about 2,000 hotel rooms.
“As long as we can stand up for a little bit longer,” Mr. Mele said, “we’ll keep doing it.”
Even Senator John McCain will have to realize that America’s forces cannot sustain this pace for much longer.
Past honorees include Lucille Ball, Bob Dylan, Mikhail Baryshnikov, Helen Hayes, Bill Cosby and Carol Burnett.
LAST week, I spent most of an afternoon trying to get a cogent explanation of a confusing news release issued late on the Friday before New Year’s by a mouthful of an agency called the United States Department of Transportation Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration.
Raising fees, and being cautious in lending, could prolong the housing slump.
Terrence A. Elkes, a lawyer who rose to become president of Viacom in the 1980s and oversaw some major acquisitions, but left after Sumner M. Redstone bought control of the company, died on Friday in Washington.
Gazprom has denied any hand in the TNK-BP dispute.
The health insurance industry and the White House.” But Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah, said the private plans provided a valuable option for retirees, especially in rural areas.
“Our investigations have uncovered a limited number of cases of tax fraud under both U.S. and Swiss law,” Mr. Kurer told shareholders at a special meeting in Lucerne, Switzerland.
The firm’s principal designer, Charles Gwathmey , went to great pains to ensure that the addition didn’t disturb Rudolph’s masterwork.
The resulting dish not only looks impressive but tastes better than chicken and greens served separately.
The guilt remains long after I tossed out my bell bottoms.
The author of previous books on insomnia and blood, he is part science writer, part memoirist, part culture explainer.
“We think that there are a number of items that are critically important to pass now that we think this bill is appropriate for, but we don’t have agreement on at this point in time,” Mr. Hoyer acknowledged.
Like the old plates, the new ones set the letters and numbers against purple hills, a rising moon and saguaro cactuses.
Mr. Ahmadinejad’s way of dealing with the general economic distress has been to increase government spending, primarily through imports.
The captain later suggests, a bit ludicrously, that Ben might be just the right star for a reality show some friends are cooking up, “Suburban Zombie.” Back in America, in a Motel 6 in Kansas, Jimmy and Ben arrange a date with two prostitutes — two blind prostitutes (their pimp appears to specialize in niche marketing to Iraq war veterans) — before Ben works up the courage to go home.
For this larger effort, the library has announced a $500 million private fund-raising campaign that has already brought in $300 million, including a $100 million gift from a trustee, the Wall Street financier Stephen A. Schwarzman, that was announced in March.
PAGE D5 OBITUARIES ESBJORN SVENSSON He was the leader of the jazz trio E.S.T., one of Europe's most popular ensembles, and composed genre-bending music that drew widely on influence like funk and hip-hop.
The Los Angeles Times reports that this isn’t the first time U.C.L.A.
We re-emerged an hour and a half later, fully expecting to hear somewhere along the road that Federer had nearly come back but had finally lost.
“We have a ridiculous amount in common,” Mr. Doonan said.
Others blame the entrenched Democratic control of Massachusetts politics over the years — Republicans have only 21 seats out of 200 in the legislature — and say it has fostered a tendency to look the other way when a member misbehaves.
“And I said ‘Who’s joining us?’ ” A few minutes later, Ms. Kopp did.
In September 2007, Bombay filed for bankruptcy protection.
During the war he served as an officer with the Sea Bees.
But try as he might, Mr. Ebershoff does not achieve the level of ventriloquism necessary for this process.
Even Putz’s own general manager, Omar Minaya, mistakenly mispronounced the name in discussing the trade last week in Las Vegas.
Within minutes of his election, the calls from foreign governments began, Obama aides said, and they have not stopped.
Updated, 5:58 p.m. | The family of Carol A. Gotbaum , the Manhattan woman whose death in police custody in the Phoenix airport last September drew national attention , has filed a notice of claim against the city of Phoenix, a requirement before filing a civil lawsuit.
Beloved father of Donald and Valerie.
Coughlin’s American record, which she swam at a meet in California in May, is 53.39.
When he ran again in 2004, Democrats in many states tried to keep him off their ballots.
But it was the old stadium across the street — 85 years and 5 months old — that people swarmed around and snapped pictures of and stared at one last time on Sunday.
As far as roles go, it was like Denzel Washington standing on a mark so a director can make sure the lighting is right for a movie’s big star.
“If she needs help, she can go,” Ms. Alamilla said she learned.
For them every show is a playground, stretching the imaginations and the muscles of those who come to frolic as well as to watch.
The willingness of people to walk over another human being to get at the right price tag raises the question of how they got that way in the first place.
The confidential offering document does contain the usual caveats, noting that the investments are “speculative,” that “there can be no assurance that any of the hoped-for benefits of the foregoing approach will be realized,” and that Mr. Merkin, as the general partner, will be indemnified unless his acts constitute “bad faith, gross negligence, recklessness, fraud or intentional misconduct.” It also contains a warning to investors on Page 2 that Mr. Merkin had the right to give over assets to other “third-party managers,” who “engage in investment strategies similar to the Partnership’s.” Later, on Page 24, it warns that such a decision might mean higher fees for investors in Ascot because of the layered structure.
Well, as reported, some Democrats are quietly sending word to Hillary that it’s over, but Hillary said she will not give up, she will go to the convention, and she will win.
“Gossip Girl,” along with “America’s Next Top Model,” were two of the few bright spots on the network’s schedule.
The bright young German violinist Viviane Hagner joined him in Mozart’s Sinfonia Concertante for violin and viola (K. 364).
A new plan quickly took shape.
THE GOLDEN YEARS ING, the Dutch financial services company, is attempting to win over American consumers planning for retirement.
“I joined his band not because I wanted to be his girlfriend — he was married at the time, and that was the last thing on my mind — but because I wanted to be part of a band that made music that really matters,” she says.
“We have said we can’t rule out acquisitions which, when evaluated under strict financial and business criteria, would bring a clear profit and return on investment,” the chief executive, René Obermann, said during an earnings conference call when asked whether Deutsche Telekom was considering a bid for Sprint Nextel.
Second, although Congressional ire remains focused on China’s intervention in the currency markets, the yuan has appreciated nearly 20 percent since mid-2005.
But some doctors are skeptical of those figures.
Clemens’s walks-plus-hits rate, for instance, follows an even more unusual trajectory late in his career, one that raises some suspicion.
He left the Braves for the Mets after the 2002 season.
She received both a master’s degree and a Ph.D. in history from Brown.
When you take an antibiotic, a few of the bacterial cells in your body already happen to have genes that enable them to be resistant to it, just by random chance.
That quite so innocent an enterprise should be in a position to challenge much racier movies with much higher budgets has much to do with the promotional power of American Girl, which, like HBO’s long-running “Sex and the City” series, is helping to prime loyal fans for a first film based on the brand.
All of this has been done with little to no contribution from Alfonso Soriano, the team’s $136 million outfielder who was hitting .175 before going on the disabled list with a calf injury sustained while he did his signature hop upon catching a fly ball.
Mr. Dagueneau was 52 and lived in St.-Andelain, a village in the Pouilly-Fumé region on the eastern end of the Loire Valley.
Knox told Zorn he would benefit more from the job than the team would benefit from his coaching.
Former presidents have often used adjoining properties for their Secret Service detail.
GlaxoSmithKline , the drugmaker with a U.S. headquarters in Philadelphia, has raised $9 billion in the largest U.S. corporate-bond sale in six years.
One side presents a slanted pouch but also a wormhole of space; the other bulges toward the wall, like the head or ear of someone straining to eavesdrop on a conversation in the next room.
But he began the event by standing next to a lectern and reciting Russia-Georgia talking points from prepared notes.
And some have said that heat and humidity do not scare them.
(Kehr) THE MAGIC LANTERN (Tuesday and Wednesday) On consecutive evenings, different programs that draw on the precinema tradition of the ''magic lantern,'' a display of animated slides accompanied by music and performance.
It was Torre’s first game against a New York team, and even though it wasn’t the Yankees, whom he managed to four World Series titles and to the playoffs in each of his 12 seasons, the news media crush was on.
North, a division that does not have a dominant quarterback.
Nearly half of those in the BBC poll said that the election of Mr. Obama, an African-American, would “fundamentally change” their perceptions of the United States.
It’s all about a Japanese artist and the mysterious cat that seems to change his fortunes.
Fried, served as general counsel of the Social Security Administration during the Clinton administration.
“We heard April is a good month to list your apartment,” Mrs. Hogan said.
The vote was the second this month in which Labor has taken a severe pummeling.
GREENWICH FOR nearly three years, students at the Hamilton Avenue School have been reporting to class in temporary buildings while their school was being rebuilt after an outbreak of mold prompted the district to tear down the nearly century-old structure.
By 18, she had turned herself into a track star among disabled athletes, with her own sponsorship deals.
” asks the contributor Dday at the liberal site Hullabaloo.
The tennis stadium is home to another oddity — bars that shut fans both inside and outside the stadium during play.
Asked if his career, at the end, seemed to have gone by quickly, Valentino thought for a moment and said: “Yes, fast in a certain sense, if I think that my collection at the Metropolitan Museum was in 1982.
Four major banks — Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo — said they hoped to issue such bonds, and a larger group of investment banks and brokerage firms pledged to establish desks to trade the securities.
The spot is somewhat accurate in saying Mr. Obama would impose ''new taxes''; he is proposing an increase for those making more than $250,000 a year, and a tax cut for all those making less than that.
In this case, the public gets the chance to catch a train in the basement of a vertical shopping mall.” The critics say that given the level of public investment, tax breaks and zoning bonuses involved in the project, the city and state should be giving greater priority to the public spaces.
Mr. Har Noy, the national library’s director, acknowledged that his institution, which until Aug. 1 was known as the Jewish National and University Library, had long been a kind of stepchild among national depositories because it was partly run by Hebrew University and never had the status or budget of something like the Library of Congress.
Further, Epstein seems to assume you can’t really describe a dance routine, and settles for a few potent, impressionistic touches.
In Sunday’s dispiriting 9-7 defeat to the Brewers that dropped the Mets’ record to 5-6, the crowd let loose with boos twice before 10 pitches were thrown — first when Pérez plunked the leadoff hitter and again when he gave up a home run to the next batter.
No organization could have a more devoted friend; for three generations, the Y was privileged to serve as the Klein family's community and cultural center.
James Harrison has 10, LaMarr Woodley (also questionable with a calf injury) has nine and a half.
The future historians of the nerd ascendancy will likely note that the great empowerment phase began in the 1980s with the rise of Microsoft and the digital economy.
Reeling from slowing sales, Detroit’s General Motors, Ford and Chrysler, which is owned by the private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management, are trying to raise cash to weather the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression .
“That’s why they call it fishin’, not catchin’,” Larry Seaman said, trying to keep patient.
“We have a lot of emotional ties over there, but we kind of thought we saw the handwriting on the wall.”
In for a “rough go” could be $8,000 bottles of 1982 Château Pétrus, NetJets, the private aircraft fleet, Maybach luxury automobile sales, Emperor’s Club V.I.P.
A representative of Guaranty Bank would not comment.
A Random House spokeswoman said the paperback edition would begin arriving in bookstores on Thursday, the final day of the Democratic National Convention in Denver.
As a 12-year-old I spent a few days in the hospital (my first and only time) undergoing what my parents promised was only a tonsillectomy but turned out to be a corrective circumcision.
She also hired a private SAT tutor, who has come to the house a few times for $30 an hour.
In fact, it will be interesting to see how much scrutiny a Microsoft-Yahoo combination gets from regulators in both the United States and Europe.
The profumo is squisito, the design less kitschy than it sounds.
In negotiations over the past week, the Durst-Roth team has argued that unlike Tishman Speyer, it has an anchor tenant — Condé Nast Publications — for its office space and a greater likelihood of approval by the local community board and the city’s Planning Commission, which must review the proposed zoning for the yard on the west side of 11th Avenue.
Neither do their parents want them to fight.
Investors in financial services stocks have taken their own enormous hits.
They had to be kept apart, too, lest Pliooshka infect Loki.
We may use “teasing” to refer to the affectionate banter of middle-school friends, to the offensive passes of impulsive bosses and to the language of heart-palpitating flirtation, to humiliation that scars psyches (harsh teasing about obesity can damage a child’s sense of self for years) and to the repartee that creates a peaceful space between siblings.
In Studio 7, nine dancers were working out steps, lifts and heart-stopping falls to the very melody that was echoing outside the window: “La Marseillaise,” the French national anthem, which was sung by the citizen soldiers marching into Paris in 1792 and later provided the tune for the “Internationale.” In Studio 6, two dancers were wielding pikes, apparently incorrectly, or minus the requisite brio, because Ratmansky jumped up like a colonel with force-readiness issues.
page A39 GAIL COLLINS Once you realize you've got the Barack Obama TV special on your to-do list right between making a dental appointment and recaulking the bathtub, you know the magic's gone.
And the museum’s $50 million annual operating budget is expected to drop by about 10 percent.
“Five Texases is about right, maybe a couple more,” said A. R. Schwartz, known as Babe, a Democrat who represented much of the Texas coast, including Galveston, in the Legislature for a quarter-century.
In the 1960s, ’70s and part of the ’80s, Nicklaus was always on the minds of pros in contention.
“There’s lines a mile long for bathrooms and everything,” Gossage said.
Even more important, she deploys the velvety colors of a mezzo-soprano and the subtler, softer levels dictated by her study of manuscripts and early scores.
On “Today” on NBC, the newest co-anchor, Kathie Lee Gifford, discussed what the pope’s arrival meant to her.
He has been the general manager of four teams since 1978, and all have advanced to the league championship series and made multiple playoff appearances.
He was asked if, in hindsight, he had any misgivings about the reading of the grand jury testimony of the three detectives from 2007 into the record during the trial.
But the teams that have an incentive to make an issue of those injuries publicly are the teams that want a chance at drafting Dorsey.
“You could design your own water, with fruits and extracts.
“Oh, my God, so hard.
The brother and sister were burned to death by a mob last month in Kenya in the explosion of postelection violence.
COMMON SPACES: The house has an eat-in kitchen and a separate dining room with tile floors.
But do so before March 28th.
He doesn’t need much room.
Mr. Leaman says he has urged his bankers to be candid with customers about the write-downs, while assuring them that “we’re alive and well and very, very much in business.” “If you write down $19 billion, you have to go out and you talk to your clients, quickly,” he adds.
Among them is a color facsimile of Gulammohammed Sheikh’s continuing “Book of Journeys,” begun in 1996, in which the artist records memorable moments of his life, along with events from recent Indian history, in delicate paintings.
My husband and I opted for the latter, a sprawling Georgian-style brick complex with black-and-white tiled hallways and bright ceiling lights, built during the Depression and used ever since.
The timid assistance package proposed by the Bush administration and pared down by Congress suggests that Washington doesn’t grasp either the scale of the danger or its own responsibilities.
“It’s just a matter of time before you see something like a first-class bookshop going in downtown.
This is a big year for us.
Marvel used to license its characters (Spider-Man, the X-Men) to other studios but began making its own pictures to retain the bulk of the profits.
In 1981 a Met stagehand, Craig Crimmins, was sentenced to 20 years to life in prison for hurling a violinist, Helen Hagnes Mintiks, to her death down an airshaft from the roof of the opera house.
But extremist Sunni groups have in the past directed violence against Shiite worshipers during Muharram.
The Abramoff saga started in early 2003 when members of two tribes began questioning Mr. Abramoff’s astronomical fees.
Earlier this month, David Denenberg, a Nassau County legislator, and about 10 civic leaders held a demonstration in front of the State Department of Transportation building in Merrick, calling for the completion of the two construction projects.
“That would certainly, I gather, be a strength,” Mr. Peterson said.
Medici Arts has released “Leonard Bernstein,” a set of five DVDs of performances running from 1973 to 1990.
The spiritual godfather, as it were, of the comic British charmer “Son of Rambow” is Sylvester Stallone at his fiercest and certainly his gruntiest.
I welcome substantive comments — by which I don’t mean denunciations of “deniers” or “ecoNazis,” or lazy ad hominem attacks and conspiracy theories about who’s being paid off by whom.
Hours: Tuesdays through Thursdays and Sundays, 2 to 10 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays, 2 to 11 p.m. Real Art Ways, 56 Arbor Street.
Hartford LAST Monday afternoon, scores of people lined up outside D’Esopo Funeral Chapel in Wethersfield, waiting once again to comfort the Carbone family and to wrestle with the question of why bad things happen to good people.
The group worked with ’80s rap stars like Kurtis Blow, and certain Trouble Funk songs have become among the most sampled sounds in hip-hop history, used by LL Cool J, the Beastie Boys, Boogie Down Productions and Will Smith, among many others.
She ended up serving only 18 months and was released in December 1998.
“Targeted marketing may have its place, but it should not be coupled with the issue of childhood safety.”
A waiter at the restaurant, Mazhar Iqbal, said American and Chinese patrons were sitting in the back garden.
Eventually, as if from the rubble, the voice of Adriana — here the earthy Finnish mezzo-soprano Monica Groop in a heartrending portrayal — emerges, singing wistful phrases of an old song.
And nothing builds confidence like the belief that a greater power has conquered the business cycle and laid inflation low.
(He and his wife spent their honeymoon at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta.)
What happens to his campaign funds?
If this situation is to change, we must compel police officers to hold our interests and our lives above their own.
“I was shaky,” said Jerry Saltz, the art critic for New York magazine, striking a common note.
Non-number-crunchers largely ignored the information until a 2002 study by Italian, German and Spanish social scientists focused the data and gave policy makers across the European Union something to ponder.
“That’s the one thing that sears itself into your memory,” said Mr. Moore, breaking his reverie.
Landon Thomas has a fascinating article in today’s Times about the feud between Alan (Ace) Greenberg, the legendary former boss of Bear Stearns, and James (Jimmy) Cayne, who was chairman when the firm collapsed.
“They split the screen and showed me side-by-side right next to my dad when he was a rookie,” he said.
Years of isolation and ineffective sanctions, with which he has fueled his propaganda campaign, have only driven Mr. Mugabe downward.
But fear and resentment are plentiful as neighbors of a plaza near Second Avenue complain of drug use, prostitution and general mayhem caused, they say, by residents of a nearby women’s homeless shelter.
Under a pilot project, lawyers from the agency, the Civilian Complaint Review Board , will serve as “second seat” prosecutors at the trials, according to a joint statement by the board and the Police Department.
For them, it is just another transaction.
“A lot of people come to the hospital and say they want to do this and that for you,” he said.
The son of a manufacturer’s representative for toys and video games and the grandson of a dairy farmer, he enjoyed an adolescence informed equally by the hip-hop of NWA and the country of Buck Owens.
He had to show up each day by 6 a.m., and his starting hourly wage was $13.50.
“That game still irritates me,” Accorsi said of the Giants’ 34-7 defeat to the Baltimore Ravens in Super Bowl XXXV.
The phone also “geo-tags” the photo, so others in your area can compare local snapshots online, assuming you have made your pictures public.
Other than its cool design, there is nothing even remotely exotic about the Airwave.
The painter Chuck Close designed backdrops for Jorma Elo’s “C.
“You are out there on a daily basis struggling to make ends meet, with skyrocketing energy prices, home heating oil, gasoline, every dollar counts, and that’s what this legislation is about.”
Geology 104 meets for the first time on Tuesday.
“I don’t know anyone who’s worked harder at developing contacts,” Mr. Crawford said.
The news came just over a week after Canada’s Conservative government introduced an economic plan that offered little stimulus but featured cutbacks in government spending.
Afterward, Beasley is named a co-most valuable player and shakes everyone’s hand.
Thus far, the biggest damage has been mostly to Fannie’s and Freddie’s investors, though the overall stock market has recoiled as the companies stumbled.
Needless to say, there is a solution: outsourcing.
When “Vindicated” was published, Rodriguez only briefly addressed Canseco’s claims, saying, “It’s over as far as I’m concerned.” On Friday, when asked if he was concerned that he would be dragged into a federal investigation involving Clemens, Rodriguez said, “I have nothing to say about any of that.” But whether his link to Canseco’s book and to Dion will create a continuing distraction for him and the Yankees remains to be seen.
If findings about evangelicals who are voting for Democrats are not very relevant now, they can nonetheless provide an important baseline for measuring changes in the future.
Here again, the L.I.R.R.’s unique work rules give employees an edge.
Cecil Beaton possessed a keen eye for all things fashionable.
It is the overcoming of history, the leaving behind of war and barriers, in the name of a future freed from the cruel gyre of memory.
Aaron Brown, below, a former anchor for CNN, will return to television after an absence of more than two years when he joins the PBS ''Wide Angle'' series, The Associated Press reported.
“He may be a great Renaissance scholar,” he said.
“I’m going for McCain, and I’m a Democrat.
“He had been impressive, too impressive.
The falls are surrounded by limestone bluffs.
In addition, soldiers last year killed two children and three adults at a checkpoint, apparently by mistake, according to news reports.
Well, perhaps not very much.
Their cold, quick encounter as they traded places on the stage reflected the hostility between them over the past two days as Mrs. Clinton has repeatedly hammered Mr. Obama for remarks he made at a fund-raiser suggesting that some voters turned to religion and guns as consolation for their bitterness about their economic hardship.
table of infant-mortality rates that rank Cuba better than the U.S.
The investigation is not over, and between bad jokes about padded bras, Boston is buzzing with speculation about how far it will reach.
related to short selling and rumor-related investigations.
On Friday, the Labor Department is expected to report that employers cut hundreds of thousands more jobs last month.
“Iran was a threat, Iran is a threat, and Iran will continue to be a threat if they are allowed to learn how to enrich uranium,” he added.
The woman, Kerstin Fritzl, is the eldest daughter of Elisabeth Fritzl, who the authorities say was imprisoned and raped by the man, Josef Fritzl , her father, bearing seven children.
Women with cancer are advised not to breast-feed even from healthy breasts because chemotherapeutic agents can reach significant levels in breast milk and be passed on to a nursing infant.
Junior docents, as they are generally known, work as volunteers and paid helpers in museums nationwide.
Apparently, birds that thrive on plunging their bald heads deep into the rotting viscera of many species are repulsed by the death of one of their own.
star Becky Hammon to play for Russia at the Olympics is causing a ruckus.
The story has many familiar elements of adolescent melodrama, but the director, Bruce MacDonald, uses split screens and chronological displacement to turn a somewhat overwrought story into a powerful psychological portrait.
Statewide, they were 502, 515 and 494.
SALE DATE January 2009 ENGINE 3-liter turbodiesel V-6 EST.
“I don’t know what the odds are, but I know they’re not good,” said Register, who turns 25 in May.
THERE were 10 for dinner last Friday night, invited by Calvin Tsao and Zack McKown, partners in an architecture practice that has its offices on Vandam Street in Manhattan .
Still, why had he dumped me?
In its World Economic Outlook, the fund cut growth projections for the United States and said that the fragile state of affairs greatly raised the odds that the global economy would fall into a slump.
Vacation pay will be reduced by 40 hours a year but a cash payment of 3,500 Canadian dollars (about the same in United States currency) will be made in 2009 as partial compensation.
Private-sector estimates from Wall Street investment banks, including Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase, were closer to the mark.
What distinguishes this exhibition from the others is that all the works have been bought since 2002.
As revenue from album sales has slipped, labels are looking for new ways to capitalize on the music experience.
She got to 30, and she looked horrified.
Once these trails are in regular use, and enshrined on federal maps, the land would almost surely be ineligible for wilderness designation, which is typically reserved for roadless areas.
Our condolences go to his wife, Marnie, and their children Donaldson C. Pillsbury, Jr., Barbara Blair Enders and Wendy Pillsbury Eichmann; to his five grandchildren and to his siblings John S. Pillsbury III, L. Harrison Pillsbury, and Katherine Jose.
The Knicks (14-34) have not won since beating the Philadelphia 76ers at home Jan. 25.
It was not uncommon for a gambler to put $500 to $1,000 down on the matches, which took place weekly or twice a month at eight sites in secluded parts of Harris County, where Houston is the largest city, law enforcement officials said.
To help counter the skeptics, the Saudis flew a contingent of journalists from Jidda, on the Red Sea coast, to Khurais last week.
Zadar’s on the cusp and the kind of place you find rather than being told about.” You’ll also find the Arsenal, a converted 18th-century Venetian military warehouse where restaurants, a cafe, a nightclub and boutiques intersect to create something of a high-end community center that is unusual for this part of Europe.
New Mexico is the only state of the 22 that held Democratic contests on Tuesday where the outcome remains in doubt.
The Titans have struggled to score much of the season, but in Sunday’s 13-12 loss to the Texans, they failed to score a touchdown for the first time since the playoff game they lost to the Chargers last season.
Some bees and wasps are known to regurgitate nectar onto their tongues on flights in hot weather; as the nectar evaporates, it provides a cooling effect.
And many don’t know what DNA is.
“I was next to Annie for all those years,” Mr. Stewart said, referring to his onetime partner Annie Lennox.
It sounds like a clash of David and Goliath, good versus evil.
Dr. Khan said that the army had “complete knowledge” of the shipment of used P-1 centrifuges to North Korea.
About that same time, much of the United States was beginning to boil over the Brown vs. Board of Education of Topeka, Kan., case in which the United States Supreme Court ruled that “separate but equal” schools were a violation of the Constitution.
“It’s not just football,” Baly said.
The funeral service will be held at Temple Beth Emeth on Friday, January 18th, at 1:30pm.
It was an unusual phrase to hear from an 82-year-old man who has been running for office — when the courts would allow him — since 1971.
Thorn is best known for drafting Michael Jordan in Chicago and for bringing Jason Kidd and the N.B.A.
“Steinbrenner certainly has not been a popular fellow over the years,” he said of the Yankees’ owner, whom he once barred from baseball.
Landmark originally sought to fetch $5 billion for the Weather Channel.
One of the most striking images of the show depicts a two-mile-wide glass dome that he wanted built over Midtown Manhattan to create an energy-efficient, Edenlike environment.
A bare fiberglass body and a black-powder-coated frame rolled out on dolly wheels, and we helped unload about 20 cartons of parts.
Of course, it will be borne by the usual bagholders: United States taxpayers.
Her time of 2 hours 15 minutes 25 seconds in the London Marathon has stood as the women’s world record since 2003, and the 34-year-old Radcliffe has silenced those who doubted her ability to excel after childbirth.
Can you recommend a vintage jewelry store?” She was obliged.
Loving brother of Steven and Cara Wiener.
Whether she stumbled while stepping out of the elevator or became disoriented, no one knows.
A new space telescope designed to keep vigil on the most violent and energetic objects in the universe took wing Wednesday.
The Yankees offered Williams a non-guaranteed contract in the spring of 2007, but Williams did not feel he should have to compete for a spot.
Investors for “Merger” have either slammed on the brakes or disappeared altogether.
The medical team arrived at the scene just before 2 p.m. on Sunday.
But the forecast in Washington, where the 2008 National League season will open tonight, calls for clear skies.
After Mr. Obama’s interview, he was joined briefly by Mr. McCain, and the candidates shook hands and embraced.
The opposition National Democratic Congress nominated John Atta Mills, a lawyer and professor who has twice run unsuccessfully for president.
NICHOLAS LEICHTER'S ''SPANISH WELLS,'' which opens at Dance Theater Workshop on Wednesday, is set to a mix of ''La Mer'' by Debussy and songs by Amy Winehouse.
They found plenty of closets and the kind of layout they wanted, with the bedrooms separated by the living room.
The Bloomberg administration has also extended for three years a $5 million-a-year rent rebate that was first granted by Mr. Giuliani to cover the team’s planning costs.
And the shift might not happen as fast as some technology gurus predict.
Her actions were deemed “legal,” but they were also found to violate the Alaska Executive Branch Ethics Act, and in so finding can hardly be heralded as a vindication — not of character, and certainly not of judgment.
DIAMONDBACKS 8, CARDINALS 6 Stephen Drew became the first player to hit for the cycle at Chase Field, and the newly acquired David Eckstein singled in the winning run for Arizona.
The professors are generally charismatic figures who form close relationships with their students and create a network of graduates who are encouraged to stay in touch and help one another long after their coursework is completed.
Though three generations of women in my family were avid Zionists, the country never held much significance in my life.
“I don’t.” “You don’t drink Guinness?
But the best way to avoid crunches that drive consumers to payday lenders, he said, is to build up savings of as little as $500.
Olenick, 23, grew up in Carbondale, near Aspen, and was enrolled in a ski racing program.
“I hope deeply that it will go to Montpellier,” he said.
The photographs convey the idea, rather than the experience, of spontaneity; Mr. McGinley has been candid about the fact that his road trips are methodically produced events involving carefully screened and directed models.
Just beyond this canyon, the scruffy, jagged terrain surges skyward.
He is asking $225,000 for his turquoise ladies, $32,000 for the cat light.
More Eliasson This is the last weekend to see “Take Your Time: Olafur Eliasson,” a retrospective of his work, at the Museum of Modern Art through Monday.
Looking for a Break The bad news for the Lions (0-6) is that they are one of the two remaining winless teams in the N.F.L.
As the ranking regional official of the National Trust — a leading conservation charity — Mr. Palmer is committed to supporting free public access to the mountains of the country’s Lake District.
Almost as if he was not there at all, attention now returns immediately to who will take his place.
As Axelrod says, “You can send markets crashing and troops in motion by one slip of the tongue.” Obama said he is not at all concerned.
Meanwhile, Israelis have elected a succession of governments that subscribed to a two-state solution, and have even completed two unilateral withdrawals in Lebanon and Gaza, both of which led to increased vitriol, not to mention rockets, from each of the territories.
I think people around here are not as materialistic as they were before.
IN this factory town in south-central Michigan, hard hit by the decline of the auto industry and home to a population whose health grimly lags well below national averages, several dozen small-business owners have joined forces in a wellness campaign that rivals those of the country’s giant corporations.
He says he has even been approached about buying the Cubs — but apparently he didn’t bite.
“The enemy knows that,” said Dr. Stephen P. Hetz, a retired colonel and co-author.
and holders of an estimated $9 billion in Chrysler debt must make big concessions.
“He’s not going to push us around, though.
(To say nothing of John McCain and President George W. Bush, who spoke to the Knesset last week about external threats to Israel’s safety but made no mention of the country’s missteps.)
On Tuesday, the parks department said that the mulberry, which was inspected again last week, would not be cut down.
Robert M. Morgenthau, PAL Chairman MODELL--William D. The Partners of Newmark Knight Frank and Newmark Knight Frank Retail deeply mourn the loss of our respected colleague and friend, William D. Modell.
Ms. Lapine is seeking unspecified damages.
Human Rights Watch said it had counted one person who was killed during the initial attack and two who died while picking up unexploded bombs later.
Not to put the world first is to make the self too important, Kirsch feels: this is the pitfall of “narcissism” that mars the work of Louise Glück, it seems.
Angelo Paparelli, an immigration lawyer who represents the company, said: “This is not an employer who wants to turn a blind eye to lawbreaking.
The Obama campaign has also sought to deflect Republican efforts to tie Acorn’s registration campaign to the Democratic presidential nominee, Senator Barack Obama of Illinois.
It wouldn’t take much — when compared with $700 billion — to expand this plan nationwide: about $40 billion.
Three weeks before, against the Colts’ poor rushing defense, he had 107 rushing yards, 59 receiving yards and a touchdown.
“We have to decide, as chefs, if we want to continue to use the fresh products of our Mediterranean diet or opt for using additives,” he told journalists in Madrid on Monday, when he repeated a call for the Spanish authorities to investigate restaurants’ use of, for example, liquid nitrogen, for instant freezing, and methyl cellulose, a gelling agent.
Modern dance — from Martha Graham’s, Merce Cunningham’s and Trisha Brown’s collaborations with major visual artists to periodic re-examinations of the proscenium stage to today’s do-it-yourself aesthetic — has more consistently addressed design.
“So rowing five years ago was nowhere on the minds of the average Oklahoman.” But he quickly saw the benefits.
It was just what its name implied: the mainstream, the establishment, the old guard.
“Some 24 hours have passed, and they have heard nothing.”
Waltrip’s team owner was Junior Johnson, the same owner who had won three in a row with Yarborough.
The first neurosurgeon to tackle the tumor is Dr. Scott D. Wait, youngish and TV-medical-drama handsome.
(The melodrama of mental life appears gorgeously in popular YouTube videos of pianists, including “Glenn Gould Plays Bach” and especially “Lang Lang Gone Mad.”) Turning a camera onto these practices also changes them, and a scene of a cuber examining a cube, taking a breath and then fluidly solving it can be a lovely set piece.
It’s a great honor to be here tonight.
Rosanne Cash is a Grammy award-winning artist who has released 14 albums, most recently “Black Cadillac” (2006), and 11 No.
Instant replay will then be used in all games throughout the rest of the season.
It used to take as much as eight.
Roughly 1,000 of those are brew pubs, while others are making some of the most interesting beer around.
The Canadian military has resumed handing over prisoners captured in Afghanistan to the Afghan government, a practice it quietly suspended late last year over concerns about torture, the military said Friday.
In Hindi, with English subtitles.
That means my kids can ride the bus, go to unguarded restaurants and not worry about being blown up on their way to school.
Edward Baquero, a managing partner of Coalco, a development firm, looked into purchasing the estate back in 2000.
‘PINKALICIOUS, THE MUSICAL’ (Saturday and Sunday) It’s time to think pink again.
and Dorothy Heyl (a lawyer at Milbank Tweed) and their husbands, and his five grandchildren, Julie and Molly Heyl-Rushmer, Regina Heyl DePietro, and Emily and Gregory Nichols (children of Catherine Heyl, d. 1998).
It’s impossible to tell what the thousands of marchers did afterward.
Once athletes are finished competing, they are free — encouraged, even — to sample the local fare.
In April, the company abandoned the project, selling the five remaining vacant lots for $9 million.
Zeng Xiaofei plays Xiaofen, a quietly beautiful young woman (in a running joke, other characters keep comparing her to the actress Zhang Ziyi), who, as the film opens, lands a job as an office assistant at a law firm in an industrial city in southwest China.
STAGEDOOR MANOR and French Woods, along with the Interlochen Center for the Arts, in Michigan, are considered the gold standard of theater camps.
With a little experimentation, anyone can find satisfying substitutes for meat that will improve personal health and the health of the planet at the same time.
In Morrison’s latest version of pastoral, it’s only mercy or the lack of it that makes the American landscape heaven or hell, and the gates of Eden open both ways at once.
The global wealth management unit showed the least decline, with $1.422 billion in revenue, down 9 percent from the third-quarter.
Historical judgment has not yet coalesced on the postwar Catholic presence in New York, Mr. Golway said: the era of liturgical reforms, declining vocations and ever-new immigrant Catholic groups.
Jennifer M. Granholm of Michigan and her family took a weeklong “food stamp challenge,” spending only $5.87 per day per person on food — the Michigan food stamp allotment.
The inexplicable is never a problem in work with its own internal coherence.
For his entire adult life, Tsai wasn’t happy unless he was doing deals.
Dubai is an architect’s dream.
But you didn’t do it, and now you’re out of job.
She took legal action after the company said her husband’s death was not because of overwork, and that he had only worked about 38 hours of overtime in January 2002, the month before he died.
A plan was also approved at the convention that would create 200,000 rank-and-file leaders that service employees union officials describe as a powerful army to help unionize workers and to work in political campaigns across the nation.
The juxtaposition of the genteel mansion and the forest — civilization and the natural world — seems just right at the northern end of Glimmerglass.
But even in the last redoubts, the days of jingoistic capitalism are limited.
So we went to Scotland and we found that one place.
And when Akstens offered to give my daughter and me a first-hand look, I couldn’t resist.
But every eye was focused on the musicians and every face was lost in thought.
Mr. Fuller is known to be close to Katherine Pope, president of NBC Universal’s television studio, who also counts Mr. Kring as a friend.
Perhaps it’s because Broeding is also a wine shop that specializes in boutique Austrian wines — many of them rarely found outside Europe.
There were undeniable ripple effects.
THE sponsor of two commercials during Super Bowl XLII for Salesgenie.com , which drew complaints from viewers because of the characters’ ethnic accents, says he is sorry and promises to stop running one of them.
(See the banana-only variation on this recipe below.)
American and European astronauts inaugurated the Columbus science laboratory, the newest addition to the International Space Station and Europe’s largest contribution.
“The main picture is nearing three hours long and I know I have a fight on my hands just with that.” In addition, the studio plans a dozen 22- to 26-minute Webisodes to help make the complex story easier for the uninitiated to digest.
“There’s a river guide without his life jacket,” Mr. Sosa said, pointing to a human figure as if it were a Rorschach test.
It ended the week at $99 a share.
He washed dishes, cleared plates, manned the front counter.
Thailand’s governing party on Friday withdrew its proposal to renominate Samak Sundaravej as prime minister three days after he was forced by a court to resign.
That strong arm was tested often in Game 3, when the Rays stole four against Ruiz, part of their postseason-record 22.
At the New York Table Tennis Federation, a no-frills club on the border of Chinatown and SoHo, the only drinks come from a Coke machine.
A spokeswoman for the Social Security Administration said in an e-mail message that the agency “will review each case on an individual basis to determine what effect gender change has on marital status, since each state has different laws on gender change and its effect on marital status.” Filling out college financial-aid applications or emergency-contact forms, Fran, 50, a microbiologist, crosses out “father” and writes in “parent” for Denise, 51, a plumber.
But the law was a total puzzle.
Manager Senichi Hoshino of Japan did the same.
“We were just happy the strike was resolved,” said Ryndee S. Carney, a spokeswoman for G.M.
But some baristas said they had never heard of the campaign by the union, which is fighting to organize them.
Reason may dictate that viewers turn their backs on programs about the foibles of wealthy stars of reality shows like “The Hills” or MTV’s “Paris Hilton’s My New BFF,” which is about a gaggle of women and men who compete to party with Ms. Hilton.
Still, Mr. Mori seeks to reach higher.
To plunge into this discussion can feel like time-traveling to the City College cafeteria of the 1930s, when every left-wing sect had its own alcove and was certain every other sect was wrong.
Previously each branch set the number of admissions on its own.
But Kathy Gleason, senior manager for Infiniti marketing, said the company believed the cargo area was sufficient for its target customers — that is, women who are “pre- and post-family” with no children at home and no need for a minivan.
The Joe Garagiola Tucson Open.
A: That was not Matt’s decision.
“The chemicals kill the bad plants as well as the good ones,” he said in Spanish.
And he wants to ensure they remain energized through Election Day.
In terms of sheer audacity, “Jerry Springer” is a helluva lot funnier than, say, “Young Frankenstein.” This is, after all, a work that features numbers with mock-liturgical titles like “Jerry Eleison.” And though I’d love to say that the demonstrators who assembled outside the theater on Tuesday to protest a show that “blasphemes our Lord” would be disarmed if they ever got to see “Jerry Springer,” I can’t.
Minute by minute, Mr. Kapon announced winning bids of $2,200 and $4,200 and $6,000 and $11,000.
On Thursday, Clemens fine-tuned his denial.
In the book Ms. Walters asks herself rhetorical questions about the decisions she made in her career: “Was it ego?
After World War I, with the population decimated, a public outcry and debate led to the government’s weaving natalist policies into the social fabric.
“The field’s wide open for Obama to come in.” Memphis did not see a spike in voter registrations after the Iowa caucuses — unlike, say, DeKalb County, a central Atlanta county that is 55 percent black.
Deborah Platt Majoras, the chairwoman, is the latest in a series of Bush administration officials to leave in the last year of the president’s second term.
He should have waited until he knew what to respond to.
The Seattle Storm, which won the W.N.B.A.
To transfer the music to another computer or a mobile device like an iPod , visitors will have to buy songs on the site through Amazon.com ’s digital music store.
After completing training, he spent two years in Zimbabwe as a researcher.
These risk factors include improper personal hygiene practices, improper hand washing, improper cooking and holding temperatures, cross contamination, and food from unapproved sources.
It too features Baltimore teenagers in the ’50s.
Mr. Petersen will pay a small amount to reprint Mr. Sharkey’s blog.)
Ted was a longtime member of our Club and served as Club President from 1988 to 1990.
Thursday at 8 p.m. $5.
By the end of his life he said he was living in a perpetual state of interview.
(And, this being Italy, there was not only an entire culture of parking lovers, but also an entire subculture of people who spied on them — the Indiani, “or Indians, because they crept around in the dark.”) Like the Zodiac, he has never been caught.
“I will not just be a ‘celebrity designer.’ ” But he will be an intern.
It is indeed legal for a restaurant to have an automatic-gratuity policy applied in a uniform fashion, and this is manifest in the large number of restaurants out there that add set gratuities for parties of a given size: usually, parties of six or more.
One of the older bartenders recognized me and tossed me a plastic chip.
The Appellate Division of State Supreme Court said that new evidence pointing to other possible suspects warranted a new trial for Mr. Tankleff.
The Diocese of Quincy voted Friday to leave the Episcopal Church.
“As far as we know,” Justice Scalia wrote for the court, “civil liability is an effective deterrent.” Justice Stephen G. Breyer , writing for the four dissenters, said that exclusion remains the best and most reliable deterrent.
“It’s our significant worry that corporate profits in the nonfinancial part of the system are likely to be weak over the next couple of years,” Mr. Inker said.
He did not have that problem on his second enlistment.
The Dalai Lama, while acknowledging India’s hospitality, described the government’s official position as “overcautious.”
He is the son of Rose and K. Edward Johnson of Mesa, Ariz. Mr. Keffer, 36, is a partner in Studios Architecture in New York.
Another scary moment was an air-drop wipeout off the lip by Grant Baker, who fell about 20 feet, then had the lip crash on top of him.
When she answered, I heard a Russian accent.
And, of course, buying spanking new Xerox multifunction devices is high on the list of things that Xerox people will suggest for ways to green up the corporate document
He urges viewers to eschew “good TV” for “bad TV” like “reality shows with mindless plots” and “offensive” music video clips.
A columnist in The Globe and Mail described Senate appointments on Monday as being a “taskless thanks.” The latest appointees include two broadcast journalists, as well as a former Olympic downhill skiing star, Nancy Greene Raine.
Twelve blocks to the north, Boston Properties is excavating a site between 54th and 55th Streets for a 39-story, 1-million-square-foot building that is scheduled to be finished in 2010.
“Up here, there are a lot of different cultures, ethnicities, a different belief system,” said Kruger, who was recruited by both programs.
One reason the hammering is so noisy is the altitude of the site.
Youkilis hit his 26th homer, a two-run blast in the fourth against Mitch Talbot.
And in many cases, after an initial onslaught, crowds dwindled after the few sought-after items had sold out.
“It is the right decision at this point in my presidency, and it will forever be the right decision.” The speech, coming a week before the fifth anniversary of the American invasion of Iraq, is the first of three talks on terrorism and war policy that Mr. Bush will give before next month’s Congressional testimony by the top American military commander in Iraq, Gen. David H. Petraeus, and the senior diplomat there, Ambassador Ryan C. Crocker.
Now Vi springs a surprise: She does know the identity of Willie’s father, but she’s not telling.
“But later, when you get home and think about it, you are not sure.” But defenders say that Mr. Obama’s reticence is as intellectual as it is tactical.
Minaya did not tell Randolph that he was coming, and Randolph, as he usually does after road games, drove back to the hotel with Manuel and Sandy Alomar Sr., the team’s third-base coach.
It could need all the reported capital it can get.
But along with his slightly younger contemporaries, A. J. Foyt and Dan Gurney, Hill was a racing legend.
“It has to bring you gratification; it has to be tranquil.
Contrast this lot with the likable spare parts Bobby Valentine revved into contention around the turn of the century.
Just north on 12th Avenue are the Hudson River Cafe at West 133rd Street and a restaurant row at West 135th.
Mr. McCain was leading by 17 points among white men and by the same margin among voters 65 and over.
“Has to, he’s the open guy,” Lakers Coach Phil Jackson said before quickly adding: “The game wasn’t lost on that sequence.” Walton, who had scored only 17 points in the Lakers’ previous five games, shooting 6 for 20, shouldered the blame.
If it were not for all the support we’ve received from students, community members and politicians, this struggle could not have continued.” S. Michael Weisberg, a lawyer for Saigon Grill, said that the owner planned to appeal.
Taxes on gasoline, cable and satellite TV service, cigars and flavored malt beverages would also go up.
He said he had been thinking about replacing his diesel-powered Ford F-250 to save money on fuel but was hesitant until G.M.’s sale “put me over the top,” he said.
The capital gains rate is zero, however, for low-bracket taxpayers for 2008 through 2010, prompting some people to shift assets to their children, who typically have few gains of their own.
I can’t image that 56k modems are used by the majority of U.S. Internet users (or even in the Western world, really).
Emily Lynn Montgomery and Akshay Sudhir Naheta are to be married Sunday morning at the Devi Garh Fort Palace, a hotel in Delwara, India.
If former participants got that control price, it would mean that current participant interests would be harmed, and their share value ultimately would be worth less.
Murray is the great surprise of the two-weeks-plus at the Open.
Bell’s cubes have oddly magical properties; they change as you look at them, bending and refracting light, and occasionally they appear to house a cloud plucked out of the sky.
I’m very proud of him.” Wade played in only 51 games last season and led the N.B.A.
His entree was helped when he met and befriended Douglas Band, a top aide to Bill Clinton who brought Mr. Follieri into contact with the former president and Mr. Burkle.
But the club might choose to trade one, with Kazmir the top candidate.
While the Treasury’s offer of capital is attractive, analysts cautioned that cash alone might not be enough to reshape the industry.
Some students grew up in places where sprawl is the norm, so they were eager to explore a small town and its singular sense of place.
One mainstream Muslim scholar has acknowledged that, in Kelsay’s words, a child’s death may be “foreseeable but unavoidable, as when an enemy’s military resources are deployed in the midst of a civilian population.
It approaches him seriously, covers vast terrain and tells a fascinating story.
Nobody played a psychiatrist in it, but its steps, gestures and phrases showed flickering aspects of repression, denial, private longing, heartbreak, personal conflict and hypocrisy, all against a setting both romantic (a garden with lilacs in full bloom at twilight) and conformist (with characters in Edwardian dress, middle-class and formal).
He and Janette were married in 1935.
“It’s a long way back.” SEVERAL students who attended the same Council hearing on the performance of a mayoral department were disheartened by how ill prepared that agency’s representatives seemed.
Many villagers fled to the relative safety of the road when the storm came because it rests on an embankment higher than the surrounding countryside.
He noted that the position was being restored to the level of assistant to the president, on a par with the national security adviser.
The two of them together have tremendous clout.” The two Democratic senators to whom Mr. Shaffer referred are Craig M. Johnson and Brian X. Foley.
No enforceable standards now exist for the immigrant detention system, a rapidly growing conglomeration of county jails, federal centers and privately run prisons across the country.
“I am the last private entrepreneur in the business,” Mr. Galerne told The New York Times in 1981.
( www.elementhotels.com ), which offers Trek hybrid bikes (it recently had to order nine more bikes because of their popularity).
We’re trying to build a cult — a friendly cult that will spread the word about the wonderful world of pro basketball and that will blossom into a full-scale movement.
The door opens to cast the morning’s light upon a registered sex offender named James Oscar Thompson.
The joke was that it was exactly like all the older women’s hairstyles.
The defeat left the Knicks a season-worst 23 games under .500.
But ''Wild Style,'' for all its undeniable historical interest, remains, to borrow a term from the rap lexicon, permanently fresh.
By hectoring the nation to simply drill for more oil, he has profoundly underestimated the challenges we face, misread the scale of the solutions required, underappreciated the American people’s willingness to sacrifice if presented with a real plan , and ignored the greatness that would accrue to our country if we led the world in clean power.
The Republican National Committee began an anti-Obama Web site called “Audacity Watch,” a play on the title of Mr. Obama’s book “The Audacity of Hope.” And, in a concerted volley of television interviews, news releases and e-mail, campaign representatives attacked him on a wide range of issues, including tax policies and energy proposals.
But the problem of institutional identity goes far beyond litmus tests for theologians.
“Another One Bites the Dust,” by Queen, may also work.
Ms. Palin has not held a news conference, and has given only a handful of interviews — including the one with Ms. Couric — in the four weeks since Mr. McCain named her as his running mate.
Now, Mr. Fleischer, a professor at the University of Illinois College of Law, may be stirring up a new controversy.
I am the lone member in the assembly as a Buddhist monk, but around 30 or 40 members are Buddhist.
And, oh, the F4CC’s 4-cylinder engine packs a 200-horsepower punch, with top speed limited to 195 miles an hour, something I did not try to verify.
He tosses it on the desk of some staffer with a sarcastic comment like: “Here’s your message.
It’s phenomenal.” From the parking lot at the pass, it’s a short hike up to Coronado Peak and a sweeping panorama of the Sierra Madre in Mexico.
For vehicles that are out of warranty, Acura may offer payment assistance for the repair at the district manager’s discretion.
A 71-year-old drama set in Depression-era California, about men with small dreams doomed to fail, may strike some as a little too close to home as the nation’s economy slouches toward recession or worse.
He drank, as instructed, a tumbler of diluted cow dung, considered to be purifying.
The envoys represent the Tibetan government in exile in Dharamsala in northern India.
Richard C. Bush is the director of the Center for Northeast Asian Policy Studies at the Brookings Institution in Washington.
In April, after Jendayi E. Frazer, the American assistant secretary of state for Africa, visited the region, Mr. Mbeki sent President Bush a letter that a senior American official called rambling and aggressively defensive.
It has deterred many from being inked, even as tattoos have become widespread among N.B.A.
The business division, which includes Office, reported sales of $4.8 billion, a 15 percent gain.
Our hearts go out to his entire family.
Friday and Thursday at 8 p.m., Sunday at 1:30 p.m., New York State Theater, Lincoln Center, (212) 721-6500, nycopera.com; $16 to $130.
When she and Mr. Arzt began traveling extensively in the early 70s, they’d go to London “and I’d want to buy a flat there,” she said.
But sometimes a week will go by without any meat on my plate.
Also survived by three grandsons and four great-grandchildren.
Adding to the woes in Japan was the strength of the yen, which has risen as investors pile into the perceived “safe haven” it represents.
Striking workers were incensed on Monday after American Axle ran help-wanted ads in newspapers near its factories in Detroit and Three Rivers, Mich., and in the Buffalo, N.Y., area.
For nearly a year, as the fight for the Democratic presidential nomination wound through Iowa and New Hampshire, Mr. Obama has strived to run a race-neutral campaign.
They include several that the authority built for city hospitals, the City University of New York and the State University of New York.
Murals from many centuries before revealed a whole cosmology of Buddhas and demons and spirits, a map of the landscape within us.
When Benoit (Jacques Gagnon) goes with his uncle Antoine (Jean Duceppe), the local undertaker, to pick up the body of a teenage boy who has died suddenly on Christmas Eve, he experiences adult weakness face to face for the first time.
Mr. Clinton, unwilling to give up on his native South, believed they could whittle down her double-digit deficit and insisted on spending more time there.
The American League has won 10 in a row (excepting 2002’s tie game) dating to 1997.
agents operating out of a hole-in-the-wall on Queens Boulevard had stumbled on the trail that led to the cell — and to a storied Italian-American law enforcement partnership that eventually destroyed the invincibility of the Mafia on both sides of the ocean and built a sturdy alliance that continues to this day.
I’ve heard tell of a professor — whose energy and ingenuity I have to admire — who provides his students with hand-held wireless gizmos that have a dozen buttons on them.
“The Olympics and the lao bai xin” — the common folk — “are two separate things,” she replied.
With less to fear from rising prices, China’s central bank has already begun reducing regulated interest rates and loosening restrictions on bank lending, even though these steps could result in an expansion of the money supply and an increase in inflationary pressures.
A dreadlocked African man played the djembe, an African drum, accompanied by a tall, bearded Englishman on trumpet.
At Florida State University, Mr. Crist’s alma mater, Stuart Tapley, a sophomore from Orlando who attends free of charge, on a baseball scholarship, was nonetheless critical of the plan.
The Police Department is still working to determine whether its quartermaster overlooked the flag, Mr. Browne said.
“My view is that it represents, potentially, the opportunity to make further progress faster in Afghanistan if we had more forces there.” Those comments, during an informal session of defense ministers in Vilnius, came one day after he warned Congress that the alliance risked becoming a “two tiered” organization, with “some allies willing to fight and die to protect people’s security, and others who are not.” In Kabul on Thursday afternoon, after the trip to Kandahar, Ms. Rice and Mr. Miliband pressed President Hamid Karzai to accept an international special envoy for Afghanistan.
At first, library administrators considered strict adherence to law, which would ban entry to “Hell at the Library, Eros in Secret” to anyone under 18.
Don’t miss a soak in the 24-person rooftop hot tub — the views of the Tetons and the Jackson Hole valley rank among the best in ski country.
A union official welcomed the agency’s admission of failures, but noted that around 2,000 Northern Rock employees would pay for those failures by losing their jobs.
A science workshop and art activities are also part of the mix, and all events are free to visitors with suggested museum admission.
He issued no orders, formulated no policy.
Analysts also differ over what would happen if those losses were to overwhelm the companies, possibly leading to a rescue by the federal government that would be paid by taxpayers.
“In another department, the outcome would have been different.” For the Bear analyst class that will not be, the last month has been a roller coaster.
We express our deepest sympathies to Paul and to all other members of the family.
Ms. Némethy bought a pair of leather gloves from the same booth that she buys gloves every year, then bade Mr. Martinez goodnight.
Update: 11:52 a.m.: “The AFTRA deal only covers a few TV shows, E!
Welcoming Committee, a group that has said it wants to block roads during the convention, issued a statement Friday night that was read aloud outside the meeting place by a woman who identified herself as Sarah Coffey.
In Uruguay , the trip has put President Tabaré Vázquez’s government on the defensive, with officials rebutting claims that Uruguay was moving toward a military alliance with Venezuela.
Sarah Palin, also a Republican, would be a strong candidate in that scenario.
Remove the skin and bones.
But like Richie, Potsie and Ralph, or any full-blooded American teenager, we preferred to drive around in cars in search of adventure.
But this is an almost forgivable lapse, because Roget is a hard subject to warm to.
The version of Hollywood that we all think of when we think of the Oscar show was mostly relegated to those who served as presenters.
Desperation was the mother of this offense because the Dolphins lacked the firepower to scare opponents.
“It is a case where yeah, you could probably sell another advertiser by creating another ad space,” but that could hurt the revenue over all, he said.
Ms. Mari, 44, is wearing a chic red sheath, red sandals and ample costume jewelry; she is emphatically not a mousy type.
“I just love the idea that Americans have a place to turn for credit, and that they don’t have to wait for lenders and major banks to decide when we are going to come out of this thing.”
Privacy advocates have long objected to these policies.
In a series of six sales at Drouet, the auction house, spaced out over two years, records fell as bidders lined up for treasures like a first edition of Rimbaud’s “Season in Hell”.
The Hesperides was the mythical Greek garden from which Hercules stole the three golden citrus fruit (to the Greeks they were oranges, not apples), and citrus is the heart of any eau fraîche .
He graduated from Loyola College in Maryland, in Baltimore.
He said that online auctions cost less to operate, adding that “some items are hard to sell at live auctions, like a pile of bricks.” Outsourcing sales to a Web-based business or another third party is not preferable when it comes to land, however, said Brian Williams, an administrator in Bridgeport, Conn.
It was using its money to change academic behavior.
The couches are tagged with tickets that list the descending markdowns.
Meanwhile, Mogadishu has been consumed by urban warfare that in the past 18 months has killed thousands of civilians, displaced more than a million and leveled entire city blocks.
Sometimes it’s an ideal tradeoff.
Zito took him to dinner at an expensive restaurant, then to a popular nightclub and then back to his home, where they were joined by a couple of other friends.
Consider those at Lehman Brothers who lost their jobs because of commercial real estate trades about which they had little clue.
Ms. Wilson, 61, is an independent management consultant in Sacramento and until 2001 was the vice president in charge of the San Fernando Valley and the Ventura County editions of The Los Angeles Times.
Golden Theater, 252 West 45th Street, (212) 239-6200.
A $5 billion hedge fund group that was supposed to handle debt financing now has other priorities, namely liquidating 80 percent of its holdings.
Relying on data from CNN.com, “Sdemuth” writes : Asked about a McCain-Clinton general election, 17 percent of the polled said they’d vote for McCain.
FAUCI--Stephen A., on May 13th, 2008.
There are plans for more renovations, but they remain undone.
He graduated from Columbia, where he also received his law degree.
“Planting the Seeds,” an instant classic, stars Kaikai and Kiki, two spirit guides in footy pajamas who are probably descended from Mr. DOB.
At the time, she said, “I was deeply alienated from society, which I didn’t see as having any answers.” Within days they had become a couple and begun making art together.
I tried to throw harder than was natural, be finer with my curveball.
Others said the flight crew overreacted in canceling the trip.
advisory committee voted unanimously that the agency reject rimonabant because of its psychiatric effects, and Sanofi-Aventis withdrew the application although the drug is sold in Europe.
You’re looking for emotional truth in your directing, but you’re dealing with 20 times more people, 20 times more money.
Rather than pinch-hit for him, Melvin let Owings bat.
Retirement policy specialists said they did not expect employees to react immediately to the loss of this incentive by stopping their own contributions.
Lately we’ve had calls from a lot of men wanting to propose to their girlfriends in a unique way.
If a new job or other life change compels them to sell, their choices include bringing a pile of cash to the closing to make the bank whole, going into foreclosure or cutting a deal with the lender to pay off the balance of the loan over time.
They married, had four kids, worked in the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee in Philadelphia and eventually settled in Canada.
At the ever-expanding Gagosian, as at Acquavella, the artist-muse relationship inspires an exhibition worthy of the Museum of Modern Art.
“We had the opportunity today to elaborate on a number of confidence-building measures and measures for transparency, to provide assurance to the Russians that our missile sites and radars do not constitute a threat to Russia,” Mr. Gates said.
In the final draft of its report, the panel, known as the Secretary’s Advisory Committee on Genetics, Health and Society, also said that “there is currently no requirement that test providers disclose information to support claims about the accuracy and validity of testing,” and scientific evidence for the value of some widely used tests is sparse.
could spend a billion dollars on elevators and escalators that still constantly break down.
And isn’t maximizing the number of shots televised supposed to be the viewer’s reward for the limitation of four minutes of commercials an hour from the Masters?
Manuel constantly praises the rookie Argenis Reyes, who had three hits Sunday and a sacrifice bunt.
Every morning, the Sealtest milkman would knock twice on the door and come in.
Under the refinancing plan, only borrowers seeking to remain in their primary home would be eligible.
The list, however, did not include the Wilpon family, the owners of the Mets, which had expressed interest in sharing the New York metropolitan area with the Red Bulls.
Barack Obama is reaching out to embrace all Americans, not only African-Americans.
To make matters worse, the company has failed to build a new refinery since the 1970s.
General Motors is moving out of the building and its naming rights are set to expire in 2010.
(Turkey fights separatist Kurds in its east.)
Mainstream histories refer to these laborers as indentured servants, not slaves, because many agreed to work for a set period of time in exchange for land and rights.
Despite a small female presence, publishing at the time, undeniably, was a boys’ club, with gifted and often quirky editors in key positions.
“These restrictive clauses seek to protect the rights and interests of multiple parties in the agreement,” Dr. Macrina said, pointing out that Virginia Commonwealth scientists would be working with other researchers.
He is expected to be out at least a month.
Replacing five starters with an Olympic bid at stake does not leave much room between being labeled a genius or a fool.
(Dargis) ★ ‘MAN ON WIRE’ (PG-13, 1:34) Philippe Petit’s 1974 tightrope walk between the towers of the World Trade Center might have seemed, at the time, like a crazy stunt, but James Marsh’s beautiful documentary understands it as a work of art.
This tragic childhood memory came to me courtesy of Joe Weinbach’s article in the May 22 Wall Street Journal, titled: “Racing’s Royal Bloodline.” “No matter what happens in tomorrow’s Kentucky Derby,” Mr. Weinbach wrote, “one outcome is guaranteed.
It is now largely accepted that humans first entered the Americas over what was then a land bridge in the area of the Bering Strait.
The exhibition presents some of Mr. Shulman’s sleek, luminous pictures of the Case Study houses, a series of midcentury works by Richard Neutra, Eero Saarinen and other architects that were meant to show the adaptability of Modernist principles to residential housing.
The billboards would most likely generate about $750,000 annually, given their location.
Gerald H. Silk, who also represents the plaintiffs, said: “Corporate fiduciaries cannot expect to evade liability by blaming a general market downturn when there is specific and systematic misconduct taking place right beneath their noses.” The suit names 14 current and former directors and officials as defendants; it is known as a derivative action because shareholders of Countrywide are suing its officers and directors on behalf of the company.
The best country songs are like the best art of any kind: they tell you you’re tough, even though the whole world is against you.
I didn’t know if she was staff or not.
Harvard and Yale recently announced expansions of aid to families making as much as $150,000, displaying a degree of generosity that few institutions can match.
This stretch of the lake is also a critical breeding ground for many species of shorebirds.
In interviews Tuesday, NBC executives and Mr. Leno filled in the background behind the move, which culminated in Mr. Leno’s new contract that will keep him at NBC, where he has been the host of “The Tonight Show” since 1992.
Ms. Rice mocks Russia’s diplomatic efforts in her remarks.
Kenneth Offit New York, Feb. 25, 2008 The writer is the chief of the Clinical Genetics Service at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.
While the dragged-out Democratic primary battle is taking its toll on the candidates, their staffs and their anxious supporters, it is also making it much harder to plan the coronation.
JPMorgan Chase said on Monday that it received a notice from federal regulators indicating that one of its units may face an enforcement action related to “the bidding of various financial instruments associated with municipal securities.” Last month, Bear Stearns , which JPMorgan is buying, also got a notice from the Securities and Exchange Commission indicating possible civil charges, stemming from anti-competitive activity relating to bidding for municipal securities.
[New York Post] The State Senate majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno, rejected a call to double the state cigarette tax .
Almost all of us, anyway.
She is neither here, and her strong voice turns shrill and nasal with painful frequency.
Every few years the M.T.A.
But even without learning their names, it was so easy to imagine them this time, combing the hallways, asking life-or-death questions, pulling women and children from their rooms at midnight.
Technicians used a laser device to measure the space between rail and tie.
They produced three more runs, starting with Nady’s home run off the right-field foul screen.
“He brings enormous credibility, enormous knowledge, a huge network, good counsel and good advice.” The relationship between the two men began in 2004, shortly after Mr. Obama won the Senate Democratic primary in Illinois.
In the past few years, the country’s economy has gone into free fall, with more than four in five people unemployed and prices of food staples sent into the stratosphere by hyperinflation.
Most ingenious are the walls — a mixture of soil, lime, pebbles and wood chips held together by soupy glutinous rice and brown sugar, pounded into impregnability, giving the structures their name, “tulou,” or “earthen building.” The Zhengchang tulou spans 260 feet and has two concentric circles of different heights that contain 250 rooms.
Ms. Kuhn’s husband died on Dec. 24, 2005, and Mr. Nussbaum’s wife died on Jan. 3, 2006.
and Rush Limbaugh far from ESPN — and his own performance drastically improved, McNabb has been drama-free so far this season.
“Meet Dave” is rated PG (Parental guidance suggested).
It is meant to be a celebration of childhood, but in Sichuan Province on Sunday, Children’s Day turned into a day of mourning, and a provocation to parents whose children were crushed to death by falling school buildings during the powerful earthquake three weeks ago.
“I think the important thing is that I could have gone to different teams and opened up negotiations,” Armstrong told The New York Times after his news conference.
By manipulating the magnetic field from Niobe’s computer, doctors can manage the movements inside the patient of its customized magnetic catheters.
There are a few teams that are sitting pretty, everybody else knows what’s at stake — and we’re one of those teams that are on the bubble.” In the Southeast, the playoff bubble lands on first place.
It also can show you where you have been, tags its 3.2-megapixel photos by location and offers voice navigation.
Visitation at Andrett Funeral Home, 353 Second Ave, Tuesday and Wednesday 2-5 and 7-9.
The rise in jet fuel “is significantly increasing the cost structure” for the airlines, Mr. Steenland said.
Christopher Korge, like Mr. Nemazee a former Clinton national finance chairman, hosted an event at his home in Miami last week that, along with another event at a nearby hotel, helped bring in more than $5 million.
“Bread and butter issues have been essential in all the constituencies,” said Bridget Welsh, a specialist in Malaysian politics at the Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies in Washington.
Seven plays later, Laurence Maroney barreled in to give the Patriots a 14-7 lead.
section filled to capacity early.)
Their nearly homogenous enclaves in Cacao and two other villages, Javouhey and Régina, are unlike anywhere else on this continent.
The goals of the human microbiome project include analyzing the normal makeup of bacterial species in each niche on the human body.
He said that the term “general population” was part of medical jargon used in the report, which did not translate well.
For M&A history buffs, the deal is notable for another reason: It brings to a close the first modern-day cross-border acquisition between the United Kingdom and the United States.
“Cascading effects of the loss of apex predatory sharks from a coastal ocean.” 315: 1846-1850.
The rebellion was being backed openly by Belgium and secretly by France and Britain.
Hamman lost one heart, two diamonds and one club.
If that does not happen, the two top vote-getters will meet in a runoff three weeks from now.
He is survived by his uncle, Bailey Nieder of Seattle, WA; his brothers, Clark Arnold Friedman of Needham, MA, and Thomas Harold Friedman, Newton, MA; and two nieces and a nephew.
The baby is weak, Sunita reckoned, because she cannot produce breast milk.
POUND RIDGE Hiram Halle Memorial Library “Human Matters,” group show, presented by the Blue Door Artist Association.
He had been carrying the cat everywhere for a week and a half.
“It’s a project we want to see happen after so many false starts on that site,” said Kenneth J. Knuckles, president of the empowerment zone.
It’s probably one of the most awesome things that’s ever happened to me.” For his team owner, Roger Penske, the victory ended a frustrating career at Daytona.
Now we treat you and you live with the condition for many years.
Guns, though, are a tougher foe than trash, as he has learned in his own family.
Fannie Mae said on Monday that the majority of its loan workouts have been done through its “Home Saver” program, under which the company provides personal loans to delinquent borrowers so they can catch up with their missed payments.
She hired Tim Seaman, a record-holder and an Olympian, to coach her by telephone from California.
Despite Lee’s troubles last season, Willis was not surprised that he was able to succeed again.
It gives her mystery and, like the hints of age edging her face, blunts the impact of her beauty, making her character more human and emotionally accessible than she might register otherwise.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday reduced what had once been a $5 billion punitive damages award against Exxon Mobil to about $500 million.
The Feelies’ more stable lineup arrived with “The Good Earth” (Coyote/Twin Tone), which was released in 1986; produced by Peter Buck of R.E.M., it moved the band toward thoughtful folk-rock.
“I would hope every chimney has a rain cap,” Mr. Eldridge said.
But last year, Mr. Weisfeld signed a new 10-year lease.
“The whole printing thing is a farce,” he said.
Its storefronts, churches and many other institutions have evolved to reflect these demographic shifts.
“Second tune I ever learned,” he shot back, “after ‘Woody’s Rag.’ ” Mr. Thile, of Nickel Creek fame, was sitting in with his friend Michael Daves, a guitarist and fellow virtuoso who can be found at the Rockwood every week.
For the first time, parents are being asked to choose schools for their children (though in many cases the parents are absent, and the student is being raised by relatives).
I worked hard, really hard, and I hung in there.
JERSEY CITY A PLAN to replace a former matzo factory, an empty lot and a cobblestone street with apartment buildings and a theater will surely transform the Powerhouse Arts District, roughly a dozen blocks of warehouses here that have long been envisioned as a haven for artists.
This is a cumulative discipline.” It is also a divided one.
The ice that keeps the fish fresh.
Judge Helen E. Freedman dismissed some claims but allowed the bulk of the buyout firms’ claims to proceed to trial.
Relations with Syria, which occupied Lebanon for almost three decades until 2005, will also be an important issue for the cabinet.
Jagr, the 36-year-old captain, faces unrestricted free agency at season’s end and has frequently alluded to the possibility of playing elsewhere.
The surveys have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points.
The most recent polls show him slightly ahead of his rivals.
“It will help with exposure,” he said.
The ratings were derived using a mathematical construct known as a Monte Carlo simulation — as if each of the underlying bonds would perform like cards drawn at random from a deck of mortgage bonds in the past.
An oil price crash, he added, would be “a disaster.” The government is also trying to funnel money to placate Iraqis who endured the military operations in Sadr City, Mosul and Basra and cement their loyalty.
I started to move toward the bodies, and then after 10 or 20 seconds, I thought, “Where’s Paul?” I headed back to our vehicle.
A gust of wind sends leaves skittering across the ground and, interrupting my reverie, brings me back to this place, where feet walked ages before we built Jerusalem.
Consumer advocates and other Democratic allies remain sharply critical of Mr. Biden’s actions, saying in recent days that they could hamper the campaign’s efforts to attack the Republicans over their handling of the nation’s credit crisis.
But many questions about the bill — like whether current registered voters will have to obtain a new form of identification — have not been resolved.
In that era, Mr. Kennedy said, people conserved green space, like Boston Common, close to where people lived densely.
Mrs. Clinton pressed her case Wednesday on multiple fronts: on the campaign trail, in a written fund-raising appeal and in the letter to superdelegates.
Well, perhaps “amenities” is too positive a word; how about severely limited in the basic necessities of life?
He didn’t have to maneuver to claim the tax losses.
A Rift, Then a Bond It seemed like a match made in newspaper heaven.
The bill, which seems headed toward passage in the House, is advertised by its supporters as a necessary response to the Supreme Court ruling in June that struck down the district’s 32-year-old ban on possessing handguns in the home.
Today 60 percent of KIPP’s principals are Teach for America alumni.
The scientists confirmed that dozens of structures had vanished in eight communities identified by witnesses as being attacked, said Lars Bromley, the director of the association's science and human rights program.
A city audit has said the backlog caused the police to miss the deadline for prosecuting more than 200 of the cases if suspects had been identified.
“I would say that was pretty devastating.”
The overall dining experiences are abbreviated, and not suited to many occasions, and the prices only partly reflect that.
In a letter dated Feb. 6 to Lazard, the investment bank that is advising MBIA, Ajit B. Jain, president of reinsurance for Berkshire Hathaway, proposed that MBIA pay Mr. Buffett’s company 150 percent of the premium it earns for insuring its municipal bond portfolio.
But it’s going to come, and I know that and I understand it.
This article was reported by Adam Nagourney , Patrick Healy and Jeff Zeleny and written by Mr. Nagourney.
But any changes would not occur until the 2009 season.
A city prosecutor, Greg LeDonne, said Mr. Powell was stopped while driving north on the West Side Highway near 82nd Street at 2:35 a.m., and was asked to take a Breathalyzer test.
The author of more than 30 novels and a series of memoirs, he has written detective books, children’s books, comic books.
“It’s a political choice, and a bad one.
For instance, straight couples will find that no contractual arrangement can give them rights against the federal government (which would refuse to issue either partner a green card).
“How dare you ask that question!” Mr. McCain shot back in a mock rage, generating laughter.
The pay raises are similar to those accepted by other city unions in recent months.
With the help of sympathetic board of education members, they forced some last-minute revisions that squeaked through the board by a 4-to-3 vote.
Now, the wheels are turning again.
The founders, when they wrote the Constitution, said otherwise.
About 20 people came to the funeral.
During a nine-month period in which 12 slaughterhouses were examined, 29 cows unable to walk were slaughtered at two of the plants.
AWOL from Hosp & now incarcerated.” David, 19: “Severe Psych issues: not ready.” Claude, 16: “Goal to be changed.” “It’s not that residential has no place in the continuum, but it can’t be a permanent solution, and in the past it has become that,” Dr. Kohomban said.
''He always gave us enough rope to make our own mistakes, but never enough to hang ourselves,'' recalls Ted Ladd, current Chairman at Standish.
Mr. Bloomberg, despite his strong support for the board, refused to convert and outspent his opponents many times over — with a total tab for two campaigns at nearly $200 million.
Mr. Wahlberg’s earnest, committed presence anchors the story, giving it a sense of purpose (a reason to care).
PAGE A22 SAVING MOYNIHAN STATION New York City is a glorious place, but there is no glory in New York's Penn Station.
In some ways, the more Bush got into trouble, the more McCain gravitated to him.
North Dakota had to play catch-up to conquer Wisconsin, the host team of the Midwest regional in Madison.
They have endured the racially tinged rhetoric used to sink immigration reform; they have witnessed Republican candidates exploiting the xenophobic nastiness.
“And we’ll probably replace these every seven to nine years instead of every three years with PCs.” Despite the budding interest, thin clients remain a tough sell for cultural reasons.
He denied sexually abusing Elisabeth, starting when she was 11, as she has told investigators.
Dr. Weiss became dean in 1980.
And when it’s all over, he may well have seven gold medals and may very well be the last man to do it.
There are fine people at both places.
When the clock struck 8:10, the children hurried to the garbage bins.
Manuel took that as a good sign.
And lest anyone be tempted in other directions, the Field Web site, fieldmuseum.org , chides, “It is important to remember that there is no best or model culture.” “All cultures,” we are told, “are equally valid to the individuals living in them.” With that reassurance, who would dare to suggest that there is something we could well think of as “progress” in a society’s understanding of the world — like, say, the moral progress represented by modern Western societies’ finding the brutality of the Spanish conquerors repellent?
Since 1989 a Partner in the law firm of Decker Hubbard Weldon and Sweeney.
Mr. Zaro said that his bakers had always used butter as well as shortening and margarine in products like croissants, muffins, cakes and cupcakes, and that when they removed trans fat they might have added a bit more butter.
Voters also approved a constitutional amendment barring public entities from considering race, gender and ethnicity when hiring workers or granting scholarships.
“The results underscore our belief that the company is successful at cross-selling into recently acquired companies’ accounts and benefits from an expanded product footprint,” said Adam Holt, a software industry analyst with Morgan Stanley.
Mr. Brown said the company has made progress untangling the divisions, but their analysis is not complete because there are several issues — particularly related to patents and taxes — which have yet to be figured out.
“We haven’t been monitoring and verifying during the last two years,” she told reporters during a news briefing after the announcement.
Even at 7.5 miles to a gallon of diesel fuel (to be fair, that’s with a Jeep Wrangler in tow), the Nollers can go about 650 miles before a refill, thanks to a 90-gallon tank.
Accompanied by a vaporous Bandol rouge off the no-nonsense wine list, it made a superb heart to the evening.
“She knows everybody, and she knows what people like,” said Kevin Bell, president of the Lincoln Park Zoo, who consults regularly with Ms. Rogers on the guest list and theme of the zoo’s annual fund-raising gala.
However, in advance of talks on renewal of the accord, which expires Sept. 1, families note that there has been a sudden increase in the federal government’s investigations of adoptions in Vietnam, preventing some babies from returning home with their adoptive parents.
A stream of well-wishers — Michael Kay one inning, John Sterling another — came by to pay homage.
''But the U.S. is moving quickly to offer incentives, too.''
“The hopes for this are high.”
The purse was 7,500 euros, which will pay for his oats for a bit.
So far, the soil has turned out to be somewhat alkaline and contains mineral nutrients like sodium, magnesium and potassium.
(Orange Street is now Baxter Street.)
Her father was killed in 1941 during the war between Finland and the USSR.
We’re starting to expect plays like that from him.
He led the guest rappers through shout-along versions of “We Takin’ Over” and “I’m So Hood,” from his 2007 indie-label mixtape, “We the Best” (Koch).
In this moment we are all quietly content with the cookies we have.” A boy, a girl and their animal friends make up the appealing cast of characters.
George Washington fed his troops on it.
Regulation has contributed enormously to strangling our financial and economic system, and neither effective solutions nor better forecasting can be expected until we face this.
Video: The director and writer Chen Shi-Zheng talks about the North American premiere of his opera “Monkey: Journey to the West.”
Johnson was asked if the catch was his biggest thrill in football.
He only avoided ruin because he kept some Ankoles, which could live on less water.
There’s some debate about whether blurbs actually help sell books, but publishers agree they can’t hurt.
But perhaps the most important is ripeness, an advantage that Jersey tomatoes had whenever they were eaten in or near New Jersey.
BioArts also arranged a partnership with the Sooam Biotech Research Foundation in South Korea.
He was an avid concertgoer, voracious reader and accomplished golf and bridge player.
Alan Van Capelle, executive director of Empire State Pride Agenda, a leading gay-rights group, said, “I think this is an incredible opportunity for same-sex New York couples who are hungry for some of the 1,324 rights and responsibilities married couples receive to obtain them.” Governor Paterson’s decision placed New York alongside Rhode Island and New Mexico in recognizing same-sex marriages performed in Massachusetts, according to a Boston-based advocacy group, Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders.
Then he points out how China is building the foundation for a brighter future by building state-of-the-art infrastructure.
Grinko said she would be a farmer if not for rowing.
Yet the center foreground of Mr. Morris’s stage doesn’t feature much actual dance.
To receive the full value of unlimited-ride cards bought before March 2, customers must activate 30-day MetroCards by June 1, 7-day MetroCards by June 24 and the one-day Fun Pass by June 30.
We’ve seen Obama at the glittering top of his game, we’ve seen how introspective remoteness can dull that electricity.
Museums and Galleries COS COB Bush-Holley Historic Site “Carved With Rasps and Chisels: The Sculpture of Margaret Brassler Kane.” Through Jan. 11.
All Ms. Costantino knows is that “there’s a deafening silence when I ask friends to come and visit.” STILL, she tries.
There have been fights over regulations, pruning and birds.
The arrival of halogen lighting inspired lamp designers to all sorts of creativity, from the Tizio lamp to the dramatic creations of Ingo Maurer, recently displayed in the Provoking Magic exhibit at the Cooper-Hewitt National Design Museum in New York.
Jonny Gomes ran for Floyd and stole second.
1) or one that couldn’t be fitted in during the regular year (No.
''O woe and alas and alack, Discriminating 'gainst my Mac, It is so insular Of the N.Y. State Bar, I am really quite taken aback!''
At a Kentucky plant that makes Explorer sport utility vehicles, Ford will slash production from two shifts to one.
Li Zhen, the vice manager of JJL’s United States department, said students paid fees ranging from about $2,000 to apply to a community college to about $5,000 for the most selective universities, for which the agency charges extra.
Memorial service 11:00am, January 21, Lyme Public Hall.
I called my parents and said that if they took the kids, I would go to detox and Anna would go to treatment.
Before that, he was 6-7 with a 3.04 E.R.A.
He read a list of the gels’ indecipherable ingredients in quiet horror, and when pressed, he reluctantly endorsed a citrus-flavored variety as the best of the worst.
An adjacent green was used for play instead.
April 6 at 7 p.m. $20 to $30.
It ends in mid-December 2001, when Mrs. Manning left the hospital for a rehabilitation center.
A year ago, they emerged as the face of the blowout, after Florida’s constant harassment of Smith made it seem as if the Gators’ pass rushers were breezing through turnstiles.
Brodie Croyle, whom Edwards had doubts about from the minute he got the Chiefs job, is on injured reserve.
Soundtrack of last year: “Superstar,” by Lupe Fiasco.
Directed by Carol Reed, the film pitted Mr. Heston's temperamental artist against Rex Harrison's testy Pope Julius II, who commissioned Michelangelo to create frescoes on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel.
From 1945 to 1978, he was the leader of Young Israel of Newark, a congregation that no longer exists.
They tied the score, 14-14, on a safety with 6 minutes 48 seconds remaining when James Harrison, Pittsburgh’s backup long snapper, was under pressure and snapped the ball from his 18-yard line past the limping punter, Mitch Berger.
Dad, an underpaid and overworked telegraph operator, chauffeurs the family in its sputtering 1934 Austin to cut-rate vacations at Bournemouth, where little Johnny’s uneducated palate recoils at grapefruit juice and the sheer weirdness of a fresh peach.
Under conservative accounting methods, such a change in policy should not have any impact on the companies’ books.
Forget bologna and white bread for lunch, too.
As recently as the 1990s, doctors took 24 or so nodes to the laboratory for testing, slicing each one and looking for glimpses of cancer.
In eight sessions over the course of a month, 23 jurors analyzed sketches and diagrams depicting the moments that led to the shooting and reviewed 85 segments of video recordings from surveillance cameras that captured portions of the events.
; Alice + Olivia's signature wide-waistband dress pants have entered the canon, if simply for their streamlining silhouette; $242 to $264 at Alice + Olivia in New York, (212) 840-0887.
As he prepares to take office, President-elect Barack Obama is relying on a small team of advisers who will lead his transition operation and help choose the members of a new Obama administration .
Of the 64 teams competing in the Northeast Regionals last month at the Javits Center, New Jersey teams took all the field performance awards, but two New York City teams — the Warriors from Alfred E. Smith High School in the Bronx and the Harlem Knights of Frederick Douglass Academy and Rice High School in Manhattan — won Judge’s Awards, which recognize a team’s “unique efforts, performance, or dynamics.” Everything about these competitions is photogenic — the game, the “pit” where robots are serviced, the referees and the judges.
Mr. McCain made his remarks on a day when he was competing for attention in a state riveted by the primary battle between Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Obama — timing that could suggest he did not want the speech to draw notice among moderate Democrats and independents who would find his embrace of conservative judges distasteful, and whom he is wooing for November.
Economic Tide Is Rising for Repo Man 6.
The women didn’t call one another ‘wrong’ or ‘stupid.’ ” It was initially decided that each would have Jewelia for a month.
Over the last few years, Mexico and Latin America have finally managed to achieve some success in reducing poverty.
Because of the pounding it takes on the ice, the windsled is a high-maintenance machine.
Commerzbank plans to eventually dispense with the Dresdner Bank brand, it said Monday.
“He was simply ground down by the sequence of catastrophes,” his friend Norman Rush, the novelist, said Monday.
With the help of students from P.S.
Artificial intelligence researchers say computers are far from being what the general public would consider authors.
“We often see the girls arrested and the pimps and the johns go free,” said Carol Smolenski, the head of Ecpat-USA, a group that fights the sexual exploitation of children.
But when the financial markets collapsed, Anderson Kill was able to negotiate an 18-month renewal, instead of the customary 10- to 15-year lease.
“I didn’t think his performance in any way, shape or form with either Elizabeth or my client’s sexual assaults in the Assembly was anything to be proud of, and I’m shocked he’s still in a position of authority,” Ms. Richard said, referring to Mr. Silver.
(She’s a kind of Mrs. Ramsay, if you remember V. Woolf’s “To the Lighthouse.”) The years with her husband gone and her girls to herself were “years of almost perfect serenity.” And what does she get for her perfect motherhood?
But the rest can play a role in how well organisms survive and reproduce.
In particular, he is thinking of setting up a commission to study how best to structure a tax cap — a number of alternatives have been sketched out in the past.
The lone win in that span was against Toronto on April 5.
REDS 7, MARLINS 5 Joey Votto homered and doubled, helping host Cincinnati rally from a four-run deficit and beat Florida in a makeup game.
“While the conditions may not be auspicious for peacekeeping, they will be less auspicious if chaos reigns in Somalia, and we have to turn at some point to peacemaking,” Ms. Rice said.
They are part of our riches.” As for the Hidalgo ad campaign, Mr. Taibo held up one of the offending photographs.
Richard A. Gibbs, director of the human genome sequencing center at Baylor College of Medicine, said: “There’s a technical leap required.
Of the projects that Parsons did not complete, a majority of the planned work had been carried out on a number of them, although many were also behind schedule, the report found.
Now he has failed completely, sacrificing his troubled family relationships for the ultimate symbol of wealth: a castle.
The United States led the overall medal count with 110 medals to China’s 100.
In Tokyo, the Nikkei 225 average fell 6.8 percent.
By 1998, America had democracy programs in more than 100 countries.
When she feels she needs to freshen up her look, Ms. Werkheiser has her mother ship her several outfits from what she dryly refers to as the “Nebraska boutique.” “If I shop,” said Ms. Werkheiser, “I can’t have a social life and I can’t eat.” Having one’s mother mail rotating boxes of old clothing is just one of the myriad ways that young newcomers to the city of a certain income — that is, those who are neither investment bankers nor being floated by their parents — manage to live the kind of lives they want in New York.
Mr. Anderson became Delta’s chief executive in September, succeeding Gerald Grinstein, who led the airline through its restructuring.
The Democratic contest is extremely unusual for an American election in that it contains more than one viable option.
The accompaniment includes live music by Omotayo Olaiya, a k a Wunmi, and recordings by Me’Shell Ndegeocello and Femi Kuti.
This spring, the Hardin district nominated Ms. Not Afraid to be Montana Indian Teacher of the year.
But where once incoming cargo was measured only by the kilo, the port now finds itself a destination of food lovers and has the restaurants to justify it.
Under the proposal, funds could supply investors with simple, online summary information, making a full prospectus available, either online or in print, upon request.
Hoi yee jung sam!” Horizon Plaza, a cavernous warehouse in an industrial area near Ap Lei Chau, on the south shore of Hong Kong Island, is the Woodbury Commons of Hong Kong.
“This team now, I think it’s difficult to comprehend how much better they are,” Bauermann said.
But he didn’t, since he gave every penny to his wife and children.” “After they sold the house on Cove Road in Mamaroneck?” “As part of the divorce, yes.” “Did you know your son contacted Charlie Weaver, your husband’s old friend?” “No, I didn’t,” Mrs. Corbett said, her voice holding more interest.
Most recently, Bill was on the masthead of the Battery Park City Broadsheet, contributing local interest stories before 9/ 11, and then continuing to report from his downtown neighborhood after the attacks when home became ground zero.
On the front was a watercolor print of Madison Square Park, near 23rd Street.
He will also work with the team’s new coach, Juan Carlos Osorio.
To get to the city from Dublin Airport, take the 30-minute Airlink bus for 6 euros, or $9.54 at $1.59 to the euro (353-1-873-4222; www.dublinbus.ie ).
LA JOLLA MUSIC FESTIVAL Aug. 1-24.
“As best I can remember, all the equipment we used at Byron and Braidwood came from inside the continental United States.” Now, he said, the supply chain is global, and only one manufacturer can make the biggest parts for the reactor vessel for his model plant.
Feminists attacked it for its ritual war games, in which men don spears to work off their “natural” aggression, dragging women into the woods to celebrate.
For many in the medical community, these are unexpected and unsettling questions.
The House intentionally left out immunity for phone companies in its version.
The company, whose business virtually dried up after its insurance arm, the Ambac Assurance Corporation, lost its AAA ratings in June, said it had paid $1 billion to terminate the exposures it had from selling protection on the assets through collateralized debt obligations.
At the same time he worked three summers in a car factory, and said he also loved to ride motorcycles as a telegram delivery boy.
“It’s hard to just cut back.
Ecuador says that the aerial herbicide spraying also kills legal crops in Ecuador and that it sickens Ecuadoreans living near the border.
On Monday, the county’s chief judge, Doris L. Downs, called the layoffs “irresponsible.” The decision has sent court officials and prosecutors scrambling to come up with alternative plans.
For at least a couple of decades, it’s been getting harder to buy an actual muffin in any of the bake joints I frequent.
It has a Democratic governor, two Democratic senators, and many Democratic congressmen, so it’s probably going to be a pretty good state for the Democrats in a recession year.” Mr. Hart, as well as Obama advisers, also say that Mr. Obama appears better poised than Mrs. Clinton to pick up states that Democrats struggle to carry, or rarely do, in a general election, like Colorado , Iowa , Missouri and Virginia, all of which he carried in the primaries.
As the smallest of the major Wall Street banks, Bear Stearns disdained the big bets that its larger competitors made and shied away from trendy markets like Internet stocks in the 1990s.
Mr. Balcomb said low numbers of chinook salmon, a prime food for these whales, might be a factor in the unusual number of deaths this year.
What’s your policy?” The scripts, which Liberty Mutual will help develop, will discuss subjects like taking responsibility for one’s actions and deciding how to do the right thing.
(Halfway through, Mr. Plant mock-tiptoed onstage to contribute to an a cappella gospel harmony.)
Students may wish to use the information at the Lemelson-MIT Program “Inventor’s Handbook” Web site, //web.mit.edu/invent/h-main.html , to find the information that they need.
A large contingent of offstage and onstage choristers portray guests at a party for science writers, boisterous regulars at a pool hall and others.
About 12 senior staff members will give up their checks.
Under an agreement with the government that obligated her to testify if prosecutors called her before a federal grand jury, Ms. Lewis pleaded guilty in May to charges of promoting prostitution and money laundering.
Letters become the property of The Times and cannot be returned.
You have to prepare for this important meeting.” Whether you are trying to make sense of the latest health news or you have a diagnosis of a serious illness, the basic rules of health research are the same.
Legends surrounding one example hold that it was first bought by a French publisher, then served Gen. Dwight Eisenhower in North Africa during World War II before being given to Gen. Charles de Gaulle.
The Mets’ other options at first base include Damion Easley, who can play all infield positions but may be more valuable in the outfield, and Anderson, although he has resumed taking more grounders at his natural position, second base.
This leaves Fortress Investment Group ‘s pending acquisition of Penn National Gaming and Hexion ‘s pending acquisition of Huntsman to fight it out as the last big private equity deal standing.
HOTELS Enagron This family-friendly compound offers hikes, cooking classes and excursions to neighboring villages.
The Rays deadened the fans, too.
It’s best drunk lightly cool, not cold.
“That could have easily been fixed,” she said, suggesting that the buckling could have been avoided with larger tree beds or the pruning of branches and roots.
He seemed disappointed in himself.
A lame-duck Israeli government is negotiating with a weak Palestinian leadership in the twilight of an unpopular American administration.
That said, the new law, forged by the children of this silence, paradoxically injects these rusting symbols with fresh significance for a new century.
Looking at the details of other robberies blamed on the gang shows that the Harry Winston job, despite the violence — some workers were struck in the head — was almost subtle by comparison.
Romance by the Bay Sitting next to Mr. Mazzoni at the Hilton Garden this December evening was his girlfriend, Claudia Salgado.
(Courtesy of the artist and Matthew Marks Gallery)
Their testimonies, recounting experiences separated by more than 20 years, illuminate Iran’s human rights abuses and speak to the moral dismemberment of a society based in fear and repression.
Tom Ryder, an assistant coach at Pace University in Pleasantville, said he might see a high school player 10 to 12 times.
Many households are headed by single mothers.
Cardinal Egan, head of the Archdiocese of New York, said in a statement that he and Mr. Giuliani had reached “an understanding” when he became archbishop in 2000 that Mr. Giuliani “was not to receive the eucharist because of his well-known support of abortion.” “I deeply regret that Mr. Giuliani received the eucharist during the papal visit here in New York,” the cardinal said.
The court papers describe Mr. Olson as selling items to an undercover agent, guiding the agent to an appraiser who valued the artifacts at four times their sales price and then arranging for the agent to donate the items to museums, producing fraudulent tax deductions.
And his words can still soar, as when he and Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton formed a campaign duet Monday in Florida.
“When we go to the movies, she gets the tickets ahead of time.
That’s why he visited Okara and then the larger city of Sahiwal; both were on the planned route of the Long March.
Emirates began work on the interior design of its A380s several years ago, when soaring fuel costs and onboard weight were less of an issue.
Why, when the nation needs access to loans in the worst way, did Bank of America choose to deploy $7 billion overseas?
But that effort produced few concrete advances, and those who said they had been inspired by Mr. Obama’s speech said a different approach was needed.
Eliot Spitzer — the square-jawed crusader who promised to bring ethics to Albany, the former prosecutor who chased corruption on Wall Street so ferociously that people nicknamed him Eliot Ness — was somehow involved in a prostitution scandal was too much.
Last time I blogged , I was about to go into the studio and see what snakes came flying out of my mouth, so to speak.
Société Générale , the large French bank pummeled by a rogue trading scandal, reported Tuesday that its net profit fell 23.4 percent in the first quarter, although earnings beat the average market forecast.
did not grant the athletes a fair hearing before issuing its decision, in violation of the Olympic charter.
But Mark Obrinsky, chief economist at the National Multi Housing Council, a trade group in Washington, said that rents could rise, given the growing demand among people who cannot qualify for mortgages or those waiting out the declining market.
About 10 years ago, the couple transferred their efforts from the flea markets to eBay, where they can sift for specific pieces more efficiently.
“When I’m low, I’m very low, and when I’m euphoric, I’m very euphoric,” he says.
The United States government has begun to recognize the extent of the problem.
The basement of Cobo Center, where newcomers to the Detroit auto show are relegated, is drawing bigger crowds than usual this year.
Their nerves worn to shreds as they wait for news, many of the women have become fixated on their loss; a body, even if they cannot be sure whom it belongs to, could help put at least a symbolic end to the agonizing uncertainty.
Continental already flies 20 777s globally.
“If we’re right, and corporate profits are going to start to deteriorate outside the financials, it will cause another round of problems.” Here are some other factors to watch in coming weeks: SMALL-STOCK PERFORMANCE An indication that investors are gaining courage after a market scare is a renewed willingness to own speculative assets.
Here, TSN’s cameras catch Fabian in a candid moment where he displays his raucous brand of Swedish humor and his thoughtful reflections on his talent.
Phia joined them, but when Lucas came over to ask his mother for another sword, his sister chased him down, upset; apparently, the neighbor boy asked who I was, and Lucas made some mention of meeting me at his doctor’s office.
More than 2.5 million children participated in a drive on Club Penguin, a children’s activities Web site, that directed $1 million to charity.
''Man vs. Wild'' is back, with Bear once again depositing himself in a different treacherous landscape each episode to, as Ginia Bellafante writes, ''see what it takes to wing it in deserts and wind tunnels and other conditions requiring whole inventories of North Face clothing.''
The office vacancy rate now hovers below 7 percent, he added, down from a high of 34 percent in the last decade.
Rainier Mountaineering (888-892-5462 or 360-569-2227; www.rmiguides.com ) offers a 13-day climb via the Machame route and a safari for $4,895 or a 9-day climb-only trip for $3,495.
Drinkers filled out the curvature of the bar, and a small crush of diners stood waiting to be seated.
Ohio State Don’t look now, but that’s Jim Tressel wearing a hockey mask, doing his best impression of Jason from Friday the 13th.
On Tuesday, James picked up his fourth foul with 1 minute 27 seconds left in the third quarter and missed the next four minutes.
One result of his absence from the European circuit is that Liu was not drug-tested at high-profile meets; still, his coach told Sports Illustrated that Liu had been screened for banned substances at least 30 times this year.
What is more important is that they can’t do what I’m doing right now: they can’t identify claims and evidence and evaluate them.
PRESSURE AT THE TOP Work-life balance is elusive at the very top.
But organizations working in Arizona say they are doing just that and running into problems.
Bronislaw Geremek, a pivotal figure in the fight to end Communist rule in Poland and one of the leading statesmen of the democratic era that followed, died on Sunday.
This may seem to be a problem for overbuilt exurbs, go-go condo zones and McMansion sprawl — not tidy, solid communities like Levittown, where the American Dream was invented.
Evercore Capital spent nine months in negotiations with Bollinger.
But the teenagers keep coming, and in the fourth round, Williams will face another tall, erratic power hitter in the 12th-seeded Nicole Vaidisova of the Czech Republic.
Still, the large sample and the finding of a dose-response relationship between stricter adherence to the diet and lowered risk of diabetes give the study strength.
adviser famously put it in a similar meeting last year, then what is the mechanism behind that?
While nearly 90 percent of black voters had a favorable opinion of Mrs. Clinton in 2006, when she was running for re-election to the Senate, now 55 percent express favorable views.
I got to know the smell of coal, the smell of the smoke and the beautiful noise of the machines.” “I always loved to escape somewhere, and I liked going by car,” he continued, “but trains were stranger, more magical.” And though he loves the sense of fantasy the train possesses, he also relishes that it is grounded.
On the other hand, Mr. Venkatesh, through sheer persistence, does unravel a complex, intertwined system of political and economic relationships that makes the housing project run in the near-total absence of city services.
Called NoMa 175, the six-story tower is at Payson and Seaman Avenues, a few steps from Inwood Hill Park.
Not that they are taking any Caribbean vacations with a bye week coming up.
“To get the best care,” Robin Steeles said gamely, “you gotta pay for it.” Mr. Steeles, 60, a car dealer from Daphne, Ala., had flown halfway around the world last month to save his heart, at a price he could pay.
She first saw it while looking for a castle for a California friend.
Under the terms of the proposal, the so-called “Chinese interests” plan to take a 4.5 percent stake in BHP, while an equal stake would be split between the Australian fund and a global private equity investor, according to a report in The Australian newspaper.
Later, he added, “The heart I have to worry about is the one in my own body, and that’s the one that takes losing hard.” Though Girardi said he slept fine after Saturday’s loss, he did allow that he has slept better.
“You don’t change the color of the material,” Ms. Waisman said, stating a modernist credo.
When you enter the atrium from the National Mall, you face a 40-foot-by-19-foot “waving flag” made of 960 reflective panels whose colors subtly shift as you move past — an abstract American flag that seems to affirm an interest in innovation while declaring the museum’s national role.
However, if Bear’s shareholders vote down the agreement, the companies have the obligation under Section 6.10 of the agreement to negotiate a restructuring of the transaction but not a change in the consideration and to resubmit it to Bear’s shareholders for approval.
She brought men onstage to demonstrate her considerable expertise at “wining” — winding the waist, slow and fast, in a kind of vertical lap dance that strangers at carnival time share in the streets (and on the S.O.B.’s dance floor).
“Wrong hat,” some fans shouted.
A neighborhood teenager named Theodore told him he knew how to make fast money.
Mr. Aquiles enlisted seven people who helped him recruit drivers and passengers, mostly women ranging from their teens to their 50s who were paid about $1,000 each, officials said.
Matt Warshaw ( www.mattwarshaw.com ) is the author of “The Encyclopedia of Surfing,” “Surf Movie Tonite: Surf Movie Poster Art, 1957-2005,” and a forthcoming history of surfing, among other books.
1st minute, second period Canada’s big line starts the period and Getzlaf gets his stick on another big rebound from Grotnes.
If all goes as planned this Saturday at Pimlico, with Big Brown taking the second jewel of the elusive Triple Crown, it looks as if he might have a bit more to bargain with than initially thought when he enters the gate on June 7.
But Olsson believes that the day is not far off when the trick will be performed with flair.
Sitting side by side with only the host, Bob Schieffer of CBS News, between them on the stage at Hofstra University, Mr. McCain made clear from the start that he was going to follow the prescriptions of many of his supporters — among them his running mate, Gov.
How can the defenders take several spade tricks?
Hours: Tuesdays through Saturdays, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 4 p.m. Museum of the American Hungarian Foundation, 300 Somerset Street.
Instead of fueling up at bars and then roaming around looking for trouble, potential criminals pass the prime hours for mayhem eating popcorn and watching celluloid villains slay in their stead.
Last Saturday, Manning played his best game since the season opener, completing 22 of 32 passes for 251 yards and 4 touchdowns in a 38-35 loss to the undefeated New England Patriots.
But Ms. Pekarek said the company did not provide comments or any other information.
“If our anonymous bloggers were to learn that we’d been handing out their identities to politicians whom they’ve been criticizing, I think they’d be much less likely to write on the site,” Mr. Smith said.
“I feel terrible,” said Harry Pure, 80, retired athletic director at Philadelphia University, who has lost 25 percent of his savings.
If the city had already changed its rules on videotaping, why did the court case continue?
“In her living room, all the furniture was white.” “And you gave her a cat?” asked a client in the middle of a color application.
Still, the Patriots (11-5) missed out on a sixth straight playoff berth.
As many displayed zero-pack abs.
Many of his deregulation efforts were backed by the Clinton administration.
Pontiac is sponsoring a contest to name the model before its showroom debut in late 2009.
Some, like the Templo de Santo Domingo, had facades elaborately carved with saints and double-headed eagles; others, like the Templo de El Carmen, had vaulted wood ceilings that perfumed the pews with the scent of the forest.
He takes over a division with an author stable that includes Toni Morrison, Dan Brown, John Grisham and Salman Rushdie.
All of this demonstrates that a national dialogue on race is painful, awkward and essential.
I was there, of course, and I saw the most popular things and got some impressions.
Clausen, who threw a 22-yard touchdown pass to Michael Floyd in the first half, was 21 of 34 for 237 yards with two interceptions.
“I’m not a candidate for any office — not campaigning, not raising funds,” he said in a statement.
And that made me feel good, but it kind of hurt, too, because I wish we had won.
Yes, it was wonderful theater, and great blood sport.
In that case, he would set a serious, management-type goal — of, say, an 18 percent reduction in the rate at which he was gaining weight, to be reached within the next decade.
“I made money, and it was good,” he said.
Michael Kimmel, a sociologist at the State University of New York at Stony Brook, the author previously of the cultural history of “Manhood in America” and one of the leading lights of the emerging academic subfield known as men’s studies, has finally asked, and even tried to answer, that question, at book length.
At the end of last week, Malking overtook Alex Ovechkin for the league scoring lead.
Fantasia Goodwin, Syracuse’s second-leading scorer at 14.3 points, finished with 7 points and had only three rebounds, seven below her season average.
The local virginica begins to taste its best in late September, when it is taking in as much food as it can to get through a long, cold winter.
Undefeated in Mountain West Darrell Mack scored three second-half touchdowns, including a 9-yard run up the middle with 58 seconds remaining, to help No.
Suddenly they’ve started to make little anti-Semitic remarks.
The setting gives every concert a fresh context — O.K., you’ve seen the Yeah Yeah Yeahs before, but have you ever seen them in a place where people once swam the backstroke?
Ominously, the power had already gone out.
“Carousel,” musical, directed by Adam Karsten.
Flustered, he had found himself juggling a competing news story and a delay by Mr. Silver, the speaker of the State Assembly and the news conference’s guest of honor, as the clock ticked toward the end of his allotted hour.
“It’s because it’s all about them.
Chip Kidd, a well-known book-jacket designer, produced four posters, with “Freedom From Want” appearing above the image of an obese man’s stomach.
She said the highs are strongest in the first few minutes.
Peterson knows numbers and knows how to dig to discover what they signify.
Schultz-McCarthy likes the way Ivanovic’s serve pulls her feet off the ground: “That tells you she’s had a good knee bend and great [arm] extension.” Ivanovic’s delivery has a simplicity common to all great servers, and Groeneveld also stresses the importance of allowing her stroke to flow naturally.
Mr. Richardson's endorsement of Mr. Obama in the heat of the primary season was viewed bitterly by many Clinton supporters, most publicly by James Carville, the Democratic strategist who referred to Mr. Richardson as ''Judas'' for what was seen as his betrayal of the political couple.
“You see, Senator Obama believes in redistributing wealth, not in policies that grow our economy and create jobs,” Mr. McCain, the Republican presidential nominee, told a modest crowd under crisp sunshine at Everglades Lumber, where two people held up a sign that said, “Stop Socialism, Vote McCain.” Mr. McCain continued: “He said that even though lower taxes on investment help our economy, he favors higher taxes on investment for, quote, ‘fairness.’ There’s nothing fair about driving our economy into the ground.
Dora, the geography nut, is a problem solver — she needs to get to her cousin’s quinceañera, or return a beached crab to its ocean home — who operates without adult supervision.
Ask a relative or friend to fill in for you.
Thomas Holton's project ''The Lams of Ludlow Street'' documents the lives of a working-class Chinese immigrant family in Chinatown between 2003 and 2005.
In all of Meier’s prodigious researches — and they are prodigious — he simply finds too little to flesh out the man or to tell us what he really did for, or against, the Russians.
When she planted her left leg to shoot, the knee buckled.
Some Republicans like to say that “America is a republic, not a democracy.” Ronald Reagan spent years opposing the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
)… all the famous McLaren hits.
Understandably, chiropractors are up in arms over this.
His advice to Ms. Kennedy seemed to be that practice makes perfect, or at least something less imperfect.
“When our forces fired warning shots, we were a little scared of a possible retaliatory fire from the helicopters,” said one of the residents, Hajji Said Rehman Gorbaz.
“They’re here to promote this event and that’s what we’re here to shoot.
In this case it’s Arnold’s, the teenagers’ malt-shop meeting place, threatened with demolition.
Maldini’s father, Césare, 76, was also a star for Milan and a coach of some renown (Milan, Italy and Paraguay).
12 ounces Crisp, clean and refreshing, with bold aromas and integrated flavors of malt and hops.
Mr. Gurley worked for Sperry Rand Corp. and retired in 1987.
At the Bruce Museum, where the vast majority of visitors are from a 30-mile radius, ''we cater very much to the local community and do tailor our offerings,'' Dr. Sutton said.
“If you look at the clientele, you’ll see mostly young professional South Asian men,” Mr. Ray said.
For example, while AllianceBernstein Global Bond pays considerably more to those who sell A shares, its International Value stock fund pays essentially the same commissions on both A and B shares.
He graduated magna cum laude from Duke and received a law degree from Harvard.
Battery Park City felt too removed, and Central Park was nice, but, as he said: “I felt that was more for family and kids.
It was exactly what you might expect would happen to the author of “The Story of Edgar Sawtelle,” Mr. Wroblewski’s epic novel about a mute boy’s extraordinary communion with his dogs.
One of the fun dishes, five meaty crab fritters, came with slaw and three dipping sauces to play with.
Yet shops were open again on the ground floors, and children played in the refuse.
“When incomes fall, demand for housing falls.” Despite the government’s move to bolster the banking industry, home loan rates rose again on Tuesday, reflecting concern that the Treasury will borrow heavily to finance the rescue.
No more fishing for a myth.
Survival Techniques Paul Lamine N’Dong, an elder in Joal, Senegal, worries that hot weather and failing rains have already crippled his village’s crop of millet, a coarse grain eaten locally and traded for rice.
People: Any chance you would tap a woman as your vice president running mate?
(“House” is conveniently owned by NBC Universal.)
“We don’t know what happened to that busload of people.” The Americans were gathering for a lecture at the reserve’s panda breeding center when they noticed strange behavior by the animals.
But what was there to say, really?
He is a son of the late Maria Czerski and the late Zbigniew Czerski of Warsaw.
Against nine opponents, including the incumbent, he won without a runoff, under the slogan “Let’s Do Something.” But his first year in office has been shadowed by controversy.
They will conduct a parallel vote count Monday night in 264 of the 272 parliamentary constituencies.
Dennis Letts played an Oklahoma patriarch whose disappearance sparks an acrimonious family reunion.
Beloved husband and friend of Doris for over 60 years; loving father of Richard and his wife Jacqueline Olds; devoted grandfather of Nathaniel and Sarah.
Add : A new WaPo poll shows both Dems beating McCain, but Obama by more.
“He respected every body type — whether round or slim,” Jaziri says.
But the changing energy landscape has also inspired people like Jodi Lieberman of Dix Hills to turn to Emmy Homes.
In his presidential platform, Mr. Obama has also proposed several measures to mitigate the impact of letting the Bush tax cuts expire.
In 2006, the United States attorney for New Jersey, Christopher J. Christie, announced more than 50 drug-related arrests in what he called a “very good day” for Camden.
Dr. Westerfield explained that his own politics had become much more dovish since advocating uncompromising anticommunism in classes Mr. Cheney attended, transformed in large part by America’s troubles in the Vietnam War.
At the end of 2007, state officials entered a tentative deal to take it over, potentially resolving a host of legal issues over its operation and preservation.
It then sells tickets, or “guesses,” to people who estimate the date and time the tripod will have moved 100 feet downstream, signaling the melting, not the formation, of ice.
In a conversation with two Democratic allies, she compared the situation to the “big boys” trying to bully a woman, according to interviews with them.
“If he wanted the money, all he had to do was ask.
This man’s record is impeccable.
She was greeted at the door by a small group of fellow Democratic senators, including Barbara A. Mikulski of Maryland.
Analyzing traces of the beef broth used to grow the anthrax, scientists measured carbon-14 left from nuclear weapons tests in the 1950s, whose quantity diminishes every year.
To straighten him out, his handlers required him to serve as a counselor at the summer music camp where he began his career, Camp Rock.
personnel who took over the case within a few days began to use harsher methods that one F.B.I.
Though the organization didn’t know Mr. St George’s work, the theatricality and playfulness of the idea appealed to its members immediately, Ms. Webb said.
Over the next decade, more than 70,000 workers a year will become eligible for retirement, with school enrollment — potential replacement workers — dropping by 20,000 since 1998, while the nationwide housing crisis makes it harder for companies to recruit from out of state, because potential employees cannot sell their homes.
“The militants are gathering in large numbers there, helped by the proximity of the area to their sanctuaries in Pakistan,” he said.
But Fuller had great influence through his design principles and his almost endless series of lectures and writings.
He paced the floor of the Izod Center waiting for Senator Barack Obama ’s appearance on Monday morning.
And there’s every reason to believe that he will use the network not just to campaign, but to govern.
The games will be played at the downtown Rogers Center.
“It’s Cliffy!” a construction worker called out.
After seven weeks, he threw away his crutches and went back to school.
Altogether, 465 children are now in state custody, after being taken from the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , or F.L.D.S., in a raid that began on April 3 after someone called an abuse hot line and said that she was a 16-year-old child bride being abused by her older husband in the church’s compound in Eldorado, about 45 miles south of here.
Other parents with similar criticisms of Mr. Klein’s policy decisions and leadership style howled at the release.
He wrote “The Gift” because he could find no place where his own motivations for writing poetry were well articulated, but articulating them required a poet’s suggestiveness.
The issue that the French find most entertaining to debate about Kouchner is: Does he matter?
Mr. McCain wants more tax cuts for the rich; Mr. Obama wants tax cuts for the poor and middle class.
Three years later, under an appointment from President Franklin Pierce, Townsend Harris became the first American consul-general in Japan, setting up shop in Gyokusenji, a Buddhist temple in Shimoda.
His advisers pointed to a raft of experts and newspaper editorials ranging across the ideological spectrum who agreed with him, and the campaign hoped that voters would agree in Indiana’s primary on Tuesday.
Paris is more his town and it showed.
Once the fibers are separated, they are collected into 650-pound bales.
The closeness of the neighborhood, he points out, ''takes away the fear of what are we going to do if this [pick a natural disaster] happens?''
Riegel, who needed advanced life support and emergency bypass surgery, eventually sued the manufacturer of the catheter, Medtronic.
Rivera has not allowed a run in 13 innings, which ties his longest scoreless streak to begin a season.
And for the front porch sconces, Peggy recommended a Kichler fixture, product no.
An international scientific team, which announced the first decoding of the platypus genome on Wednesday, said the findings provided “many clues to the function and evolution of all mammalian genomes,” including that of humans, and should “inspire rapid advances in other investigations of mammalian biology and evolution.” The research is described in Thursday’s issue of the journal Nature by a group of almost 100 scientists led by Wesley C. Warren, a geneticist at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis.
That December, Zavada’s father, Clarence, a quality-control manager for a nuclear plant, died of a heart attack.
Her followers take pride in the way she has aroused fear, hatred and panic in the minds of the liberal elite.
“You’re in the country and out of touch, but it is near culture,” Mr. Dinnhaupt continued, referring to nearby attractions like Tanglewood, the Jacobs Pillow Dance Festival in Becket, and the Berkshire Theater Festival in Stockbridge.
Banks, naturally skittish after this year’s mortgage crisis, are tightening their purse strings, and it takes a lot to tug them open.
PAGE 1 WHAT'S UP HIS SLEEVE?
“That was code for, ‘That disagreement was more important than you realize.’ It struck me how deeply he cared about her, about me and about the relationship.” “I think more community goes on inside Zabar’s than in a lot of places,” she said.
Duke Coach John Danoswki took a tone of pride when talking about his departing fifth-year seniors.
“People are a lot more careful with their money.”
He has had more operations on his eyes and legs than Woods has won majors, and his parents were told he would never walk.
Running is the favored and necessary mode of transportation for many young children in their trips to and from school and in their performance of such chores as hauling water and firewood.
That a certain number of people may be wondering where the movie is does not worry Mr. Fogelson.
The bride’s father is an independent home inspector in Atlanta.
Wall niches display museum-quality reproductions of Greek amphorae.
Liukin said she thought the scoring was fair, even mentioning that she thought Yang might have been underscored.
After much battling with a medical establishment worried that the new therapy might be unsafe for humans, the couple prevailed.
He has burned them alive, frozen them to death and crushed their skulls in spiky, Venus flytraplike headgear.
Carol Molnau was removed from her post as transportation commissioner last month after years of concern about the department’s performance, but also because of the acute negative attention she received in the aftermath of the collapse.
He finally decided in favor of representation, and so, at the end of the decade, his famous last chapter began.
In its heyday the lodge is said to have been visited by the likes of John D. Rockefeller, Will Rogers and Queen Wilhelmina of the Netherlands; it now has a lounge, a bar and a media room with plasma TVs.
Americans have gotten accustomed to treating this well as bottomless, even as anxiety grows that it could one day run dry with potentially devastating consequences.
“They will still be paid by the federation because of their national team responsibilities during the calendar year,” Antonucci said.
Global merger volume is down significantly this year as the credit crisis has shut down access to cheap debt.
“No End in Sight” reads like a primer on incompetence, a catalog of bungling.
Forward Mike Rupp scored both goals for the Devils, giving them leads of 1-0 and 2-1.
It has scenes of grisly violence and some profanity.
CINEMA TUESDAY: HOMAGE TO YVES MONTAND, THE QUINTESSENTIAL FRENCH ROMANTIC, Gould Hall, 55 East 59th Street, Manhattan.
PAGE A19 CALIFORNIA AVERTS CASH SHORTAGE California has managed to borrow $5 billion in the credit markets, the state treasurer announced, averting a severe cash shortage that could have led to service cuts and layoffs.
Commonly found hazards include gasoline station and heating oil tank leaks, industrial waste dumps, dry-cleaning fluid spills and other dangerous chemical plumes — some of which migrate thousands of feet from the original point of contamination, Mr.
Ned Davis Research, an institutional research firm based in Venice, Fla., has extensively studied the stock market’s performance during and after United States recessions since World War II.
President Bush had carried it by 80,000 votes.
Lindsay C. Young of the University of Hawaii and colleagues studied a colony of Laysan albatrosses on Oahu from 2004 to 2007.
TINT--Harold C.,on December 15, 2008.
To the contrary, more than one was waiting there to get away from it.
On the phone all night.
Jerry Colangelo, the managing director, will probably be back, though perhaps in a role that covers more ground.
I haven’t heard from him since.” At that point, Brand recalled, his agent, David Falk, told him: “Turn your phone off.
Talks foundered on the right of India and other developing nations to protect sensitive agricultural products from competition in the event of a surge of imports that would make their own farmers less competitive.
They kept climbing over the next 10 years at an accelerating rate.
The sun was setting behind the auditorium, a natural spotlight hitting the stage, focused not on any of the musicians, but instead on the tall golden pipes of the organ.
“I got a little money in the end but nothing to speak of,” he said.
In his absorbing if uneven new monologue, “If You See Something Say Something,” which opened on Monday night at Joe’s Pub, Mr. Daisey recounts the creation of the first atomic bomb at Los Alamos, N.M., in 1945.
Details are at usbf.org .
exchanged harsh words with European hockey authorities, including the International Ice Hockey Federation, over Alexander Radulov, the Nashville Predators forward who jumped his contract to play for Salavat Yulaev Ufa of the Russian Continental Hockey League, or K.H.L.
“A person is more likely to take their medication regimen if properly housed.” A 52-year-old woman, who asked not to be identified by name because her family does not know she is H.I.V.
Another beautiful three-way passing combination!
He is making theater for the many.
“It’s one of the most valuable assets to the corporation,” Ms.
Let’s say you just got your hands on a new Tilt, an AT&T smartphone with Windows Mobile software, a slide-out keyboard and a touch screen that leans back like a miniature laptop.
NEW PLACES Turqua Grill 9604 Third Avenue, Bay Ridge, Brooklyn.
A program with 120 bicycles was started earlier this year in Washington.
Rates are likely to stabilize somewhat later this year, thanks to a huge number of new rooms, including 14,000 in Beijing alone by summer.
Speculation that BNP Paribas might bid for Société Générale had simmered for weeks after the disclosure in January that a trader, Jérôme Kerviel, had exposed Société Générale to nearly 50 billion euros of risk through a series of unauthorized speculative bets.
To cover these fees, Ms. McLeod dipped into her retirement account.
Television Ginia Bellafante Inspired by Monty Python, the Kids in the Hall and other sketch troupes that aim to cause a ruckus, THE WHITEST KIDS U'KNOW wage assaults on culture, politics and relationships and revel in the puerile for good measure.
In a statement, the company responded to the commission’s action and the commissioners’ remarks by saying Con Ed “has done a great deal to keep the power flowing safely and reliably, but we cannot meet expectations for maintaining and improving the system without greater investments.” Elected officials who have been criticizing Con Ed for the last 20 months were quick to condemn the commission for approving the rate increase.
“The coolest thing about the Olympics is not always Michael Phelps,” Langowski said.
It gets retired once.” He added, “We came into this with the belief that if you want to be noticed in New York, you have to work much harder.” Brosnan would not put a full price on baseball’s New York All-Star effort, but said that the cost of creating and situating the Statues of Liberty was about $500,000.
But that is not the case in a yoga class, a less competitive setting (except, apparently, among those vying for studio manager).
But incorporating the vehicles into the city fleet now — as well as having the ability to refuel them — sets the stage to further White Plains’s use of alternative-fuel vehicles after General Motors’ test ends, Mr. Nicoletti said.
The next question is whether he can make a run at the Rangers’ roster in next fall’s training camp.
Written, directed, produced and edited by Adam Hootnick; directors of photography, Mickey Elkeles and Mr. Hootnick; music by Jon Lee; released by Resonance Pictures.
Tim Pawlenty, a Republican, and his Transportation Department, saying they failed to support sufficient appropriations for roads and bridges.
They are built off-site in truck-width “boxes,” driven to a property, and dropped onto the owner’s foundation, complete down to the microwave oven.
This proposed statute would have an impact on all future Congresses and presidents.
She considered it too small, but her husband deemed it past its prime.
In Baku, Mr. Theroux is annoyed when a literary-minded tour guide doesn’t notice his own afterword in the back of an Azeri classic.
Apartment dwellers with no prospect of planting pole beans and suburbanites whose tidy plots aren’t zoned for livestock will feel at a disadvantage reading these books.
The detention, she said, would be particularly onerous for the couple’s 10-year-old son and Mr. Chen’s sickly parents.
Celeste toasting flutes by Ralph Lauren Home, $295 a pair.
The dead, all of whom were shot with a semi-automatic handgun, included two of Cecil Dotson’s sons, ages 2 and 4.
The New York attorney general, Andrew M. Cuomo, is investigating whether Wall Street banks withheld damaging information about the loans they were packaging.
It was quite remarkable.” Nearly 200,000 residents went to at least one funeral; 75 percent of the population volunteered or gave money.
“Just going out there, putting it out there like that, and having that added pressure, and being able to perform, it definitely helped a lot,” he said.
Serena Williams found herself far from the United States and Tuesday’s presidential election, preparing for her opening match in the WTA Tour’s season-ending championships in Doha, Qatar, which begin Tuesday.
She hopes that fewer administrative duties will give her more time to dance as well as to write her thesis.
Naturally, things are better now.
“We said, ‘Unfortunately, that doesn’t fit in with the mission of the museum and good luck,’ ” said Megan Beckert, director of special events and tourism and group sales.
The next president’s principal focus in the Middle East will not be Iran but extricating the United States from the Bush-Cheney-Rumsfeld quagmire in Iraq.
But two-tiered security checks are a different story.
Language elsewhere in the majority opinion was quite sweeping, leading Justice John Paul Stevens, in the dissenting opinion, to assert that “the court’s view of reliance is unduly stringent and unmoored from authority.” Justice Stevens added: “I respectfully dissent from the court’s continuing campaign to render the private cause of action under Section 10(b) toothless.” Justice Kennedy’s majority opinion was joined by Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and by Justices Antonin Scalia, Clarence Thomas, and Samuel A. Alito Jr.
PETER MEEHAN PHOTO: REVERENCE: At Beer Table in Park Slope, charcuterie, too.
The severity of the situation was driven home not long ago for Ed Amaroso, AT&T’s chief security official.
The stoned, on-the-road, trapped-in-yesterday rawness is gone.
They evolved, and now a new fossil discovery suggests the route that shell evolution took.
They sang with such virtuosity.
Long familiar to amateur wrestlers, the condition begins when creasing, pulling and rubbing creates a blood clot between the cartilage and the connective tissue of the upper ear, said Dr. Gregory Ator, an otology specialist at the University of Kansas Medical Center.
The death is that of a goldfish, buried at toilet, and when you turn the page another watery fate, seen from high atop a diving board, awaits the reader.
Also in the market for a job is Chris Simms, who was released by Tampa Bay on Aug. 30.
In the beginning, few cracks were evident in the Giuliani campaign machine.
Why?” Understanding precisely what the 30 percent are doing differently, and then encouraging these positive deviants to educate the other 70 percent, can effect significant changes in group behavior.
If that doesn’t happen, an awful lot of white working-class voters across the country will be faced with a stark choice: voting for a Democrat who happens to be black, or voting to continue policies that most no longer believe are in their best economic interests.
Iyer himself first traveled to the Dalai Lama’s home as a teenager, and thus began a dialogue that would cover three decades and half a dozen continents — and become the grist of “The Open Road.” Weaving together these conversations (and many with the Dalai Lama’s brother, Ngari Rinpoche, and other Tibetans), along with vast research, Iyer has written an original exploration that occasionally loses the scent and wanders off trail, but largely delivers a trenchant, impassioned look at a singular life.
Mr. Lord suggested that the company might acquire smaller, weaker competitors, and the company’s new chairman, Anthony P. Terracciano, said he was willing to try to sell the company again.
“Do you think Russia doesn’t run on greed?
The process by which an architect or engineer becomes licensed by the State of New York is arduous.
“I’m thinking that I’m not done with his music,” she said.
The changes were made as part of a technology upgrade and most of them are here to stay, said Jane Goldman, a vice president at CNet (which is being sold to CBS, in a deal announced last week).
Even John McCain supporters ended their letters on an upbeat note.
“Are you having a cash crunch of any kind, Mr. Diller?” Ted Mervis, a lawyer for IAC, asked.
Ista Pharmaceuticals of Irvine, Calif., got a $65 million credit line from Deerfield Management and two other shareholders.
Once inside, the group took refuge in a plush booth, where they ordered a round of pink shots made of vodka, pomegranate and pineapple juice.
Now, what is the one device you need with you for connecting to vast amounts of information, displaying it, processing it and conveying it to others.
Lance Hammer was after something more amorphous.
Results of that trial are expected in the first quarter of 2009.
“The defense just started tightening things up more and more.” Late in the third quarter, Romo threw a lazy sideline pass intended for wide receiver Miles Austin that was intercepted by Redskins safety Chris Horton at the Dallas 47.
Selling Hummer would help G.M.
But while Exxon is slowly unshackling itself from Mr. Raymond’s stance on global warming, it remains faithful to his legacy by dismissing most green alternatives and sticking with hydrocarbons.
According to Silverman, a respected studio potter and (sorry, Adam) part of the local hipster establishment, the plan is to invite ceramics artists to a sort of residency program where they will work with him, experimenting with glazes and prototypes for new designs to be considered for production by Heath.
In 1968, for example, a federal court held that car manufacturers could be sued for failing to make cars safe enough for drivers to survive crashes, even if the driver was at fault for the crash.
Each of the more than 100 communities of Nassau and Suffolk Counties have zoning and planning agencies that govern development within their own borders.
On Tuesday the network, a unit of Viacom, plans to announce an acquisition from the production company of Michael D. Eisner, the former chief executive of the Walt Disney Company, that will represent a push into original programming.
We’ll reform our behavior strikingly to conform with social norms.
He designs these dresses that are almost too short to be called dresses.
But rarely have so many Afghan security personnel died in one episode.
“We’re trying to make sure that the acute-care hospital is available for individuals who need acute care.
From left, NANCY MARKS, CONSTANCE MARKS and REYNOLD LEVY.
Jim Prevor, the founder and editor of several trade publications for the food industry, wrote a lengthy post on his Perishable Pundit blog yesterday that, among other things, wonders why the agency offered so little useful information for shoppers: No consumer in the country and precious few produce clerks would have any idea if their cantaloupes came from a particular grower.
Interpublic has also hired an executive from the outside who will work with Mr. Brien and oversee assignments like strategic development and diversified media services.
The power was out, the backup generator had failed, the sugarcane was sideways in the wind and the nurses at Franklin Foundation Hospital were not worried a bit.
The real problem, of course, is that incidents like this happen every day, to everyone who flies, more and more often.
“To look at my son it’s like — I don’t know who to hate,” she said in an interview in March while she watched a video of him that had been seized from three rebels captured last year by the Colombian army.
In the preceding weeks, he reported from Beijing, London, and Denver and St. Paul, the sites of the two party conventions.
HOURS Lunch from 11:45 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. every day.
Mr. Suozzi chatted with the tourists.
He earned a doctorate from Yale in 1958.
If you’re not sore the day after a workout, you didn’t push yourself hard enough.
Next season, with spring training lengthened to accommodate the World Baseball Classic in March, the World Series is not scheduled to begin until Oct. 28, with a possible seventh game set for Nov. 5.
John P. Hannah, a senior aide to Vice President Dick Cheney, urged a new effort to strengthen ties with Shiites, a majority of Iraq’s population.
Not to me he doesn’t.
Until January, Mrs. O’Grady, 37, was the marketing director in New York of Veranda, an interior design magazine.
METRO TOUR SERVICE Friday through Sunday at 2 p.m., visiting Brooklyn Heights, Fort Greene and Clinton Hill, Brooklyn, meeting in front of the Marriott Hotel, Adams and Tillary Streets, downtown Brooklyn; (718) 789-0430.
Mr. Rangel’s opposition to closing the loophole surprised his Congressional colleagues, who had viewed him as an outspoken ally in the effort to eliminate the tax shelter.
PAGE F1 Bone Drug May Cause More Harm F5 Countries Push for More Eye Donors F5 Sports JUST TWO TALENTED COUNTRYMEN Patrolling the Outfield Ichiro Suzuki and Kosuke Fukudome share a Japanese heritage, are both right fielders, have quirky left-handed hitting styles, and both were voted into the All-Star Game.
J. Hill ran for 210 yards and 2 touchdowns, but No.
Abreu saw a fastball down the middle on a 2-1 count and buried it over the center-field fence for his 16th home run.
“We want to count the votes.” They also want to avoid a repeat of the premature projections in 2000, when, based on a very close tally in Florida, some news organizations called the presidential race first for Al Gore, then for George W. Bush, and then retracted their projections entirely.
The bridegroom, 43, is a senior corporate and securities counsel in Stamford for the corporate treasury group of General Electric.
RoseAnne Spradlin’s newest work, “Blue Liz,” shown on Thursday night at the Kitchen, finds its spark in Andy Warhol’s 1963 painting “Blue Liz as Cleopatra” and a statement about it by the American poet and critic Wayne Koestenbaum: “Warhol takes Liz and he dyes her blue and understanding that Liz is on the verge of becoming garbage he’s going to rescue her.” Ms. Spradlin’s premise, which tries to tie in the 1960s sensibility of Pop Art with the current state of contemporary America, poses a tenuous thread in “Blue Liz.” It begins with a preshow in front of the theater.
A passionate scholar of history, mathematics and literature throughout his life, Jim made his living as an aerospace engineer for the Bendix, Unisys, and Harris corporations.
And Thomas’s was shaped differently.
The Pistons have defeated the Red Wings for the viewing hearts of Detroit fans — at least in two playoff games played head-to-head in the same market.
She took us to her place, and we stayed up talking until her two brothers, our cousins, who were out driving taxis, came back at around 4 a.m., and then there was more talk.
Apparently, movie events that were once routine are now routinely treated as thrilling.
On Friday, the yield dropped to 3.53 percent, from 3.58 percent on Thursday; the price, which moves in the opposite direction, rose 14/32, to 99 24/32.
And while the New Gods died, they nonetheless achieved a sort of Achilles-like immortality.
“We’d continue to buy proven horses,” Iavarone said, “But we’d be generating stallion fees, and selling their progeny at auction sales.
Ms. Sasa, 35, decided to make a documentary about him.
Over all, however, there was a new tone of optimism.
But unit orders are expected to drop this year to about 700 aircraft, compared with 1,341 in 2007, and EADS said it expected the number of aircraft deliveries to peak around 2011 or 2012.
FOR a while during the past two weeks, it looked as if the nation’s banking system might be near some kind of meltdown.
I confess to being one of those employees who has routinely blown off the fire drill.
He felt he wasn’t really doing his best unless he was swaying on the precipice of his endurance.
John A. Polk, a retired police officer, said he moved to Starrett City for the convenience, the nearby shopping centers and the mix of people.
A second monk said soldiers had surrounded his monastery in Aba County.
At the Naples Causeway, where there’s a turn bridge that opens for big boats, Brandy links to the pencil-skinny Long Lake.
“This will undoubtedly change in the next few months, but the job losses from Lehman Brothers’ bankruptcy and Bank of America’s purchase of Merrill Lynch may not hit the job numbers until November or later,” Ms. Denham said.
A hat, staying out of the sun, avoiding the hottest part of the day and covering up are all part of the whole story.
Chanticleer’s 13 singers were admirable.
DO NOT TRY TO TIME THIS MARKET Most people earn their fortunes by trusting their own instincts.
Mr. Terfel’s French style in three Fauré songs was not bad either.
In Maryland , owners have to give renters 60 days’ notice to break their arrangement; renters must give 30 days’ notice.
I could see in that stream of humanity both the starting gate and the finish line of my life.
But a month later the legislature passed what is now called the Field Act, a school earthquake-safety law with strict standards and penalties, requiring careful design and independently inspected construction.
We were sitting in his office amid his many framed medical certificates and a poster of an illuminated lighthouse that read: “Success doesn’t come to you.
They went to work fearing arrest.
Meese wears a Giorgio Armani trench coat and shirt.
The movie, based (naturally) on a real incident, revolves around three private contractors who are sent to present-day Beirut to rescue a hostage.
Among left-handers, he trails only J. C. Romero in appearances over the last five seasons.
Then perhaps global oil prices may fall.” Back on the highway in Gansu, Mr. Zhang is happy to be exiting the gas station and its long, tiresome lines.
By the same token, if real estate prices rebounded, A.I.G.
''In an odd fallout, the war has actually caused a building boom and rapid urbanization.
Abyei is at the southern edge of arid land and the beginning of sub-Saharan jungle — even the soil changes from barren sand to rich laterite loam.
“We’re in a difficult situation,” he said.
It gets so expensive.” Does he have any answer for the economics of racing?
The Arnetts helped establish a collective for the quilters and promoted and marketed their works to a wider audience.
1 in the ratings on a slow summer Thursday of network television, as “So You Think You Can Dance” led the night over all with 8.6 million viewers, according to Nielsen’s estimates.
“I’ve got to know if you’re in trouble, because, frankly, if you’re in trouble then most likely so am I, and so is my family, and I don’t like that.
“And tomorrow I think when we get off early and the greens are smooth, maybe I’ll get a few more putts to roll in, and that will be my opportunity to go low.” Weir, on the other hand, has a more sobering historical perspective.
Mr. Hornig, who is among those considering business school, fears the increased competition.
In Zimbabwe, the political stalemate continued Wednesday as the opposition awaited a decision in its court case to stop a recount of crucial votes in the presidential and parliamentary elections.
It’ll be very interesting to have them around.” Mr. Kaufman, who has been a close Biden friend since the 1970s, said Mr. Biden was damaged politically by his absence on the social scene.
Many Taiwanese say they believe that their economy has stagnated in recent years and that Mr. Ma’s predecessor, Chen Shui-bian, failed to capitalize on the mainland’s economic growth.
But there was no such concern in the United States, which sent by far the largest contingent: 23 firms — 10 from New York City alone — many with connections to Harvard, where Mr. Herzog and Mr. de Meuron teach.
“His two new adjectives for everything are soothing and oppressive — only he uses them as intransitive verbs,” Mr. Muhly said.
It was a simple seam route in the final minute of the Cardinals’ 56-35 loss on Sept. 28 at Giants Stadium.
His interest in the protein powders and dietary supplements that his friends were taking helped him learn how to research the effects of arcane substances like creatine and L-carnitine.
But don't let the hooliganism fool you.
Now he’s bowling at the sleek, subtly lighted Leisure Time Bowl, in the Port Authority Bus Terminal on Eighth Avenue, and the predominant union is Actors’ Equity.
On Wednesday, Ukraine announced that it would restrict the movements of Russia’s Black Sea fleet into Sevastopol, on the Crimean peninsula.
Mr. Mudd said that as the company takes losses on bad loans made in previous years, however, it is also buying new loans held by borrowers with much better credit.
Gross, who plans to use some of his cash to bargain-shop.
Every week, Patrick conducts an athlete interview that appears in three forms: in print in the pages of S.I.
Waltrip and Reutimann were among 18 drivers who began the day competing for the few remaining positions.
“I will probably take all the time up until game time before I’m 100 percent,” Kiwanuka said.
Instead, the path took another U-turn, and happily waiting at the bend were the Ducks, who have had their own adventures this season.
Still, even before the anti-repeal campaign has begun in earnest in Massachusetts, there are many voters who think Question 1 is a bad idea.
But Bush wimped out and would not impose a tax when prices were low or a floor price when they got high.
(Michelle Obama was mentioned too, though less favorably.)
“I was looking for a lighthearted person with a sense of humor.” “We were beyond the party lifestyle,” said Mr. Coquin, who also noticed that she liked to cook.
Some of Mr. Chávez’s critics say he may have had his international standing in mind, with the FARC increasingly viewed as a marginalized force both militarily and ideologically.
Retired Professor of Elementary Education at Hunter College, founder of Misericordia International, and author of the multi-volume Corpus of Medieval Misericords.
“I said, ‘Maybe I should get an attorney.’ ” Although Mr. Couch is largely self-taught, cluster balloonists like Jonathan Trappe, who went aloft for four hours on June 7 with 55 huge helium balloons, prefer to take no chances.
Returning starters: 14 (8 offense, 6 defense).
“But the two bear essentially no resemblance to each other.
The city comptroller’s office is forecasting a drop in bonuses this year “in excess of 30 percent,” according to Frank Braconi, the chief economist in the comptroller’s office.
One of the items inside was a $2 Federal Reserve note, serial No.
“It’s six minutes late,” said Slor Romero, 35, a house cleaner who said she was going to be late for work.
With the White House opposition, and Senate Republicans appearing increasingly reluctant to sign on, the bill's main champion, Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts, conceded that its future was in doubt.
ELLINGTON BOULEVARD: A Novel in A-Flat , by Adam Langer.
To remain in a New England town square or a sun-baked cotton town in Oklahoma was to risk soul death.
China executes more people than any other country.
There’s an embedded narrative here about the way certain blues musicians — not just Hooker, but Son House and others — might have taken too much pride in the quantity of their work, and not enough in the quality, as an emotional defense against exploitation.
The cuts, to continue throughout 2009, will “take place across the company,” Sovereign said.
During a consultation with Dr. Payman Simoni, a Beverly Hills facial plastic surgeon, the doctor asked if she would be willing to be a before-and-after on a promotional video made for YouTube.
She cites the unwillingness of pathologists to question the wisdom with which doctors dispense medications.
St. Paul settled first, in the 1830s, and two decades later, Minneapolis — culturally, socially, economically different — emerged and soon overtook it in size.
“The party is over for this compensation for C.E.O.’s who take golden parachutes as they drive their companies into the ground,” Ms. Pelosi said.
Among the classics, the margarita had a great tart-sweet balance and the cosmopolitan, too, had more flavor and backbone than most.
All of this will be in a collaborative framework.
Amnesty International was drawn into the suit because a report it issued in March 2002 said some lawyers were concerned about being recorded.
Other artists were anxiously waiting to see the exhibition design for the Site gallery, which was unveiled on a Saturday, the last day of their trip.
“To come in there and demand: ‘This is why you got me.
By just threatening intervention, the United States puts pressure on Beijing , New Delhi and Bangkok to, in turn, pressure the Burmese generals to open their country to a full-fledged foreign relief effort.
Some possibilities might be to depict the history of exploration on Mars; the Mars Lander’s robot arms digging trenches to find samples of soil for analysis; the search for water on Mars; the seasons on Mars and the effects of extreme temperatures on scientific missions there.
A car passes every few minutes.
Restarting a complicated story like the one on “Heroes” for just a few weeks this spring did not strike the producers or the network as wise.
That’s been the thing about Bush: no curiosity.
Such arrangements, while easing the bidding process, hid the potential for this market to freeze up, the regulators said.
The expansion has been driven largely by federal measures requiring that 36 billion gallons of biofuels a year be mixed into the nation’s gasoline supply by 2022.
In one scene Ali kills time with his best friend, Mohammed, an irrepressible joker who emerges as the film’s star.
“It’s a different kind of alarm call, an opportunity that is increasingly rare on this planet — to do something before there’s a crisis,” he said.
“Mourinho is viewed by Inter as the man who can lead the Italian club to Champions League success,” writes Paul Carbray in a column for the Gazette, in Montreal.
CBS issued a news release Thursday in which it said that Clemens acknowledged taking injections but denied that he had used performance-enhancing drugs.
“I continued cutting a line of steps upwards.
“I have represented this country and this culture.
Mr. Blagojevich, who had once seemed to bask in news coverage, found himself answering questions about the corruption investigations at nearly every event.
Major airlines tried raising fares across the board 10 times in the first quarter, and were successful in getting the increases to stick on 6 of those occasions, said Rick Seaney, chief executive of FareCompare.com , a firm that tracks airfares.
Nearly 70 percent of Haitians lack regular and direct access to potable water, experts say.
But the talking point appears to misconstrue the facts.
MARGATE Margate Community Church “The Dining Room,” comedy by A. R. Gurney.
Those companies’ shares also tumbled, in part, analysts say, because the cost of protecting their debt was rising.
Mr. Shapiro’s changes have earned the approval of the Educational Broadcasting board of trustees.
The building, formerly owned by the 92nd Street Y, sits across from ABC Studios on 67th Street, around the corner from Lincoln Center and Central Park and just a few subway stops from many of the city’s other iconic institutions.
Another wall holds artwork, ranging from an oil portrait of a rooster that Mr. Luba had on the wall when he was a child to works by modern Ukrainian artists to a severe portrait of Mr. Luba’s father in the corner, next to a 1950s couch from Ms. Bokalo’s aunt.
To these self-confident researchers, the idea that the spirit might exist apart from the body is just ridiculous.
“The institutional gay community is very, very invested in this,” said Tom Duane , a Democratic state senator from Manhattan who was one of the state’s first openly gay elected officials when he won his seat in 1998.
Mr. Scheunemann was a registered foreign agent until March, when he ended his registrations for several countries.
But, she added, such policies seem to create only a “modest number” of affordable units.
Great-grandmother of Zachary, Lana, Elisheva, Aderet and Yaacov.
It seemed a perfectly logical and human impulse, to prove to myself that I was somewhere recognizable by finding the one place in it that was most recognizable to me.
Caregivers sometimes resent others in the family who do little to help.
These beauties have it all.
A unique musical phenomenon with an unparalleled gift for singing and playing whatever he wanted who relished sharing his musical magic with everyone.
The yard has tropical landscaping, with mature palms.
“The shoe hasn’t dropped yet,” said Kris Magel, senior vice president and director for national broadcast at Initiative, a media buying agency.
It may be possible, however, to send text messages from your cellphone even if you are not able to make calls.
But lately the market for this debt has seized up and many banks have been unable to unload the loans.
He learned to read Arabic.
For a week after the New Hampshire primary, the party’s leading candidates and some of their most important constituencies bickered over who was more responsible for civil rights legislation: Martin Luther King Jr. or Lyndon Johnson .
Revenue in the quarter fell to $839 million from $1.01 billion a year before, hurt by a weak retail climate, markdowns on merchandise sold at department stores and the company’s exit of brands like 9 & Co. and Norton McNaughton.
To my delight, Tim had elected not to use the signature Cobra side pipes, but a less-showy under-car dual exhaust system used on some of the original cars.
Microsoft, the maker of Windows and Office software, is not amused.
The two share a birthday, and Georgie is one of 99 commoners invited to a celebratory luncheon.
Yet, it is impossible for me to ignore the fact that when gasoline hit $4.11 a gallon we changed — a lot.
Jerome Robbins’s “Ives, Songs” came next, sandwiched between Robbins’s “West Side Story Suite” like a portobello mushroom between slices of iced lemon cake.
Heat, shaking the pan, until the spices begin to smell toasty, about three minutes.
recently introduced an ad-supported mobile Internet service, fed by its own work and that of newspapers in the tagging program.
Tony Dow , below left, the actor, director and artist best known for his portrayal of Wally Cleaver, the all-American big brother on the television show “Leave It to Beaver,” will have one of his sculptures on display at the Louvre in December, The Associated Press reported.
But what promised to be one of horse racing’s greatest days became one of its grimmest.
8, the children are smiling, they are happy to be there,” she added.
“Those people have got to be hurting.
Google bid in the auction to honor a promise made to the Federal Communications Commission .
Stringer said she worried that Moore would be difficult to contain.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement will not comment because of a continuing investigation.
“There is moral ambiguity in the shield law itself,” Mr. Lurie said, referring to statutes that offer reporters protection from efforts to make them reveal their sources.
Thousands of Kikuyus have evacuated ethnically mixed areas and are streaming back to central Kenya, their homeland and a Kibaki stronghold.
We already have a justice system that is capable of prosecuting complex national security cases; that system yielded numerous convictions before 9/11, and it has yielded more convictions since.
Mr. Kerviel was striving to break free from his lowly beginnings in the bank hierarchy.
Other regulations remain in effect.
Almost everywhere, sanitation is not an easy subject.
Among the films he photographed were Fritz Lang’s “Metropolis” (1927), F. W. Murnau’s “Last Laugh” (1924) and Dreyer’s “Michael” (1924).
That today’s experimental robots bear little physical resemblance to our fantasy androids reflects a larger truth in the field of robotics, the attempt to build thinking machines that can perceive the world around them and then act on that awareness.
Heather Locklear (“Melrose Place”), who plays the lead, is 47, but who’s counting?
A chip inside the headset collects the signals and sends them wirelessly to a receiver plugged into a U.S.B.
Until two weeks ago, Joseph Romito, a history buff, was not a person who trolled the Internet for artifacts related to the statesman John C. Calhoun, a 19th-century vice president.
There are plenty of planetary opinion leaders who could help him out: the greatest advertisers and filmmakers, pop-song hook specialists, the leaders of great faiths and movements.
“Hurricane Ike, with our power company, was that kind of event.” About two million customers remained without power across eastern Texas as of Tuesday afternoon, three days after the hurricane hit.
The estimated $2.5 billion to $4 billion annual cost of the Webb proposal is dwarfed by the hundreds of billions being spent on the wars we’re asking service members to fight in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The slower and more ruminative pieces were among the highlights of the set.
Frederic Hand did the honors, opening with a brisk, clean-lined account of two selections from Tielman Susato’s “Danseyre,” and including a beautifully phrased, introspective reading of Dowland’s “Melancholy Galliard” and a zesty performance of an anonymous favorite, “Kemp’s Jig.” Mr. Hand, who studied with Mr. Bream, ended his set with the premiere of “For Julian,” a lute work he composed for the occasion built of themes in an Elizabethan style, with contemporary harmonic and rhythmic touches.
The postinvasion period was not bungled to the point where Americans got shot up by an insurgency that the Bush team failed to see building.
According to witnesses, the attackers, whom they identified as Taliban, threw grenades into the mosque and shot people as they fled the building.
South won the first trick with her spade ace and cashed the diamond ace.
Anne Krick Wheaton, Ill., March 6, 2008  To the Editor: Here is a suggestion for Senators Hillary Rodham Clinton and Barack Obama that perpetually occurs to several million other election watchers: Listen to what the voters are telling you.
Her words loomed large in my mind as we began our journey in, and I began rushing, city-style, to get to the top.
Expectations also declined in 1990, although not quite as far.
And in city driving, the Jetta hit 32 m.p.g, again topping its official rating.
The announcement from Ms. Pelosi came as Republicans seized on Mr. Rangel’s troubles in an attempt to portray him and his fellow Democrats as entrenched and corrupt.
The vendor, 28-year-old Muhammad Fouad Afifi, was a licensed trader selling cigarettes and antiques to ships in the Suez Canal.
Additional amenities include an 18-hole grass putting course, five restaurants, a spa and fitness center, four more pools and 15 tennis courts, including three designed for children.
Last winter, it was six degrees below zero when I thought I’d sink into the hot tub out on the deck.
Mr. Wright was scheduled to address a church revival in Tampa, Fla., but the event was canceled by church officials, who said it had become a media circus.
** Horace Greeley High School Susannah E. Rudel Age: 18 Attending: Amherst College Fellow graduates, faculty, administration, friends, and family, Our generation is constantly reminded that we have grown up in an intense media age.
Mr. Cole’s “Shine” (2007), a masklike head made of more than a dozen black high-heeled women’s shoes, also suggests ceremonial usage.
Forceful, unsettling and beautifully acted (1:45).
The United States has been pressing Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and other Arab gulf states to forgive Iraqi debt.
Looking somewhat like a haggard Tim Allen, Mr. Pine drawls his way into exposing an affability that lurks beneath the writer’s jaded sophistication.
I have to admit that I used to be a little stressed when I flew.
Barbara Allen Taylor North Aurora, Ill., Aug. 24, 2008  To the Editor: It’s great news that a competent high school teacher has had some success in teaching students how biologists understand evolution.
Those included going over plays, doing more shooting, etc.
That was evident as the sloppy Dodgers lost to the Mets, 8-4, their fourth straight defeat.
But it did play a role in clearing a path for peace, all the same.
“As a team, we really wanted it, we planned for it and came through,” Lel said.
You turn it black.” The visual arts — painting and sculpturing — have been Arts Access’s most widely recognized media since the program’s inception.
Clemens’s denials directly contradict assertions by his former trainer Brian McNamee , who testified that he injected Clemens with steroids and human growth hormone on numerous occasions from 1998 to 2001.
Pivot, a console table with a slight profile, has a flexible fanlike structure that allows its drawers to open simultaneously.
“The track record of Mesozoic birds: evidence and implications.” Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of London B 336: 113-134.
C. CONN. ST. 75, LONG ISLAND 59 Tristan Blackwood had 20 points and 8 assists for host Central Connecticut State (7-10, 3-3 Northeast).
She coached at Wagner from 1976 to 1978 and East Carolina from 1978 to 1984, and had six winning seasons in eight years.
Many hosts take the dollhouse approach, preparing a pristine miniature world.
Obama’s victory is particularly significant because he bucked conventional wisdom on Cuba during the campaign.
But Mr. McCain, on balance, has been far more willing to embrace Mr. Bush’s expansive approach than Mr. Obama, who has been sharply critical.
North might have made a two-heart weak jump overcall but settled for one heart.
Though the company is optimistic about the potential of lithium batteries (like those in laptop computers), challenges remain as to their durability and range of operating temperatures.
This year, the new president of Jordan University permitted all student council seats to be elected, but with rules in place that would, again, make it nearly impossible for the Islamist bloc to have control.
It was certainly hard to imagine Mr. Boulez, dapper and charming as he amiably chatted with Mr. Guzelimian, as the polarizing firebrand he once was.
He is lucky in many ways: he has two young children and a wife who loves him and has sacrificed so much to travel the bureaucratic labyrinth for him.
More than half the introduced species that take hold are having deleterious effects, said Jennifer Molnar, a conservation scientist at the Nature Conservancy who led that study, which was published in the journal Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment.
“I think they’re just house cats that ran away and are living in the mountains,” he said.
Now let's focus on a collision between a running back and a linebacker, and analyze it according to Newton's Second Law of Motion.
The committee heard accusations that the Patriots had taped opposing coaches’ signals, placed microphones on defensive players to steal quarterbacks’ audible signals and manipulated clocks and coach-to-quarterback radio systems.
A 1933 CCNY graduate, Professor Rosenthal joined the College's English faculty upon graduation.
Without the structure of football, it seemed only a matter of time before something else terrible would happen.
Mr. Fadell played an important role in building the company’s dominant iPod business and more recently the iPhone.
A child age 6 to 12 can ski free when a parent or a grandparent buys a lift ticket for five days or more; the same deal applies to a child’s equipment rental.
“Ever since I can remember,” he had written in a letter to the judge, “I met people everywhere that have told me they know my family either directly or by reputation.
This policeman is one of the few people in Mr. Dahlie’s story who actually seem to welcome Arthur’s company.
“A while back, a lot of dads and moms didn’t want their daughters to play sports,” Mendoza said.
“She’s me,” said the woman, Tana Krueger, 58, a Republican from Fond du Lac, Wis., who is a mother of six.
Ms. Dow said Mr. Alfaro would be arraigned next week.
But then on the other side, there’s Fast Eddie Obama, the promise-breaking, tough-minded Chicago pol who’d throw you under the truck for votes.
There were not enough military advisers for all the Iraqi reinforcements who were rushed south.
“I wanted to treat it like a job interview.
He graciously invited me into the Red Sox locker room and I actually spent more time there than in the locker room of the organization I was retiring from.
of Mitsubishi Motors North America.
I go to the Bard Music Festival at the Richard B. Fisher Center for the Performing Arts at Bard College.
The journalist, Mellissa Fung, a reporter for the CBC, was kidnapped Oct. 12 after reporting in a refugee camp in Kabul.
published a proposed set of rules on flight and duty times, but it did not put them in place.
Read Lynn’s article here .
Beloved husband of Dorothy Leibman Petrucelli, loving father of Michael J. Petrucelli and his wife Margaret, Nancy and her husband Michael Pellicione and Steven T. Petrucelli.
“I try to bunch up my appointments together so as not to drive back and forth to the office too much,” he says.
Ubiquitous beast, rat of the sky, object of children’s chase — how did this “un-bird,” as some ornithologists deride Columba livia, become part of every city’s natural environment?
South meant going through Peyton Manning .
Dr. Rosenfield's guidance and leadership will be missed by all at amfAR, and he will be remembered with abiding admiration, gratitude, and affection.
“P.& G. manufactures a much broader assortment of products, and their exposure is going to be greater,” an analyst at Morningstar, Lauren DeSanto, said.
I’ve never seen it laid out quite like this.” Ali Asghar Soltanieh, Iran’s ambassador to the atomic energy agency, however, said that the report vindicated Iran’s nuclear activities.
The people from the International Olympic Committee have been lockstep with the Chinese, who say it’s not pollution, just extreme seasonal humidity and haze.
The company got its auditors to agree that was fine, despite the rules.)
We shall always remember Bill with love in our hearts.
It's almost incomprehensible how there could ever have been a question about letting Pistorius run.
The resulting activation let the team identify trace elements but did not harm the hairs, some more than two centuries old.
If he starts to hit consistently, the Mets will turn their underachieving April into a distant memory.
Players to watch: The Cardinal have great depth at a number of positions; however, most of the talent is focused on the defensive side.
Mr. Freston was pushing to bid against Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation for the social networking site MySpace but was overruled by Mr. Redstone, according to two people involved in the process who asked not to be identified because the discussions were intended to be confidential.
To think that I saw it on Mulberry Street: the annual festival honoring the patron saint of Naples.
ROSS--Daniel M., was born May 20, 1918 and died on Sunday March 30, 2008.
On Thursday, Judge Robertson said the Congressional action was sufficient to let the trial begin.
“It’s just, it’s irksome in a way.” There are many reasons professors have embraced the Web and other media to reveal more of themselves.
Those judgments have been granted or considered in everything from basic claims of damages by Americans who were badly treated as prisoners of war or used as “human shields” against American bombardment in the 1991 war, to more fanciful assertions that Mr. Hussein was, for example, behind the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995 or the World Trade Center attacks on Sept. 11, 2001.
After the 2002 primary for governor, Mr. Burris encouraged Mr. Obama to endorse Mr. Blagojevich, and Mr. Burris served at one point as the vice chairman of the governor’s transition team .
Jeremiah Wright has no official position with the Obama campaign, and it’s almost a shame, because that means he can’t resign to distance himself from the candidate.” But Taylor Marsh, a radio talk-show host who is a strong Hillary Clinton supporter, points to a reason why Wright’s sermons shouldn’t be used against Obama .
I really like living in the city.” Mr. Davis is among the some 300,000 people who live in New York City and make their way to jobs in the suburbs every day, part of a fast-growing segment of the work force that has turned the traditional idea of bedroom communities on its head.
“Her heart is very Alaskan,” she said, “and we have Alaskan issues.” Jean Craciun, a political consultant in Alaska, said it would not be hard to believe that Ms. Palin had been a member of the independence party, because polls show that people in Alaska often confuse the party with “independent minded.” Ms. Palin’s political philosophy is also often compared to that of Walter J. Hickel, the former Alaska governor and interior secretary in the Nixon administration who was re-elected governor on the Alaskan Independence Party ticket in 1990.
“We told him that this coming season he might be the most talked-about pitcher in the country,” Gwynn said.
For years, she has been the most powerful voice of reason in a state that continues to hatch some of the dumbest, cruelest ideas anywhere for getting tough on immigrants.
If you had asked me this two months ago, I would have answered two or three years.
I’m not sure why I even ordered it — French cheese in a Greek restaurant — or if I even knew what Roquefort was, but it was a holiday of firsts.
He went with her to India, where he also worked with her sister Venus, who usually has her own practice partner.
And they kept doing so, for mayor and then for governor — especially the women who, like her, had small children, hated abortion and prayed every day.
''In terms of reliability and durability I must say there still remain some concerns,'' he said.
“It’s as simple as that.” Cashman said he had no meetings scheduled with ownership on the team’s trip this week to Tampa, Fla., and he did not expect to address his contract status until the off-season.
They agreed to do so for Mr. Hidalgo, but not for Mr. Lemus — who was still implicated by “strong evidence,” the office said at the time.
The Terminal Patients' Right to Know End-of-Life Options Act was signed into law last month by Gov.
Yet we would not let food go to hell permanently, at least not without a fight.
“But hypocrisy is necessary now and then in a civil society.” The National Gay and Lesbian Task Force disagreed, saying in a statement, “The closet isn’t a compromise.” Charles Constantine Moskos Jr. was born on May 20, 1934, in Chicago and grew up in Albuquerque.
Joshua Rosenzweig, a Hong Kong-based researcher with the Dui Hua Foundation, a human rights group, said these cases and another execution this week — that of Yang Jia, who was convicted of killing six policemen in Shanghai — demonstrated the opaqueness of the Chinese criminal justice system.
After more than two years of assurances that the cadavers on display in a popular South Street Seaport exhibit were legally obtained in China, the company that runs the exhibit admitted on Thursday that it could not prove that the bodies were not those of prisoners who might have been tortured or executed.
In so doing, they saved an economically fragile nation and left a shining example for our country today.
After the creature phase the cosmetic appearance of your species is locked in, but the abilities it developed are largely meaningless.
Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Fridays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Mondays and Thursdays, noon to 8 p.m.; Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. (212) 870-1630, nypl.org.
Mr. Lebedev, 48, has always seemed to operate from his own playbook.
Another inexperienced president, George W. Bush, is responsible for the quagmire in Iraq.
“The lights are off in the bar, and the chairs are up.
Having the office, stairways and bedrooms flow together creates unobstructed views.
Mrs. Zarin was born May 28, 1919 in Boston, Massachusetts to Sarah and Jacob Copellman.
When their local bakery in this town south of Paris raised the price of a baguette for the third time in six months, Anne-Laure Renard and Guy Talpot bought a bread maker.
“Everybody wants beachfront property,” Ms. Pickell said, “but it’s limited and it’s pricey.
She has been an outspoken advocate of action on climate and for marine conservation and has received a MacArthur “genius” grant.
Author(s): Catherine Hutchings, The New York Times Learning Network Bridget Anderson, The Bank Street College of Education in New York City Suggested Time Allowance: 1 hour Objectives: Students will: 1.
After a fellowship in the White House, she became an aide to Elliot L. Richardson, then secretary of the Department of Health, Education and Welfare.
In this French variation of the fable of the prodigal son, Antoine reluctantly returns to his rural hometown after 10 years in the big city when his father (Daniel Duval) has a heart attack.
“The electorate, despite misgivings, was prepared to give antigovernment conservatism a chance.
Emboldened by an ignorance of proper bus etiquette, I said: “Listen, I get off at Lexington, and we’d only have eight blocks to my physical therapist.
A model and actor known for many commercials in the 1950s and the 1960s.
The police said the homicide rate in Hartford would be higher if it weren’t for the trauma teams in the city’s two major hospitals that save many of the victims.
And shouldn’t you give his work more space?
Chrispin Oneko, hanging up his vestments after leading one of his first Sunday Masses at his new American parish, was feeling content until he discovered several small notes left by his parishioners.
His aunt owns a clothing store in Baton Rouge, La., called Alpha and Omega and, among his collection of suits, is a gold velour number, as well well as a black velour suit.
(He outraged women’s groups during a 1988 interview with Connie Chung when he said, “I think that if rape is inevitable, relax and enjoy it.”) Sampson coaches a style of play that fans want to watch and that players like to play.
Lachlan Murdoch quit his father’s business, the News Corporation, in 2005.
” “ We put the most we could on paper, anticipating they would bargain,” the official said.
“I would have died,” he said.
Technological superiority with long-term investment played a critical role in winning the cold war.
Many of the departures were prompted by Yahoo’s struggles to turn around its business and frustration with the slow pace of change.
Among the many strengths of “Boys Don’t Cry,” Ms. Peirce’s amazing 1999 debut, are its feel for the rhythms of small-town life and its sense of the emotional risks of friendship, both on display in “Stop-Loss,” which is more interested in character and in place than in narrative housekeeping.
But more important, Mr. Alan said, he had a fundamental problem with a park-and-ride station.
“They can beat you with one pitch.
Ryan Seacrest, one of the M.C.’s, who also interviewed Ms. Fey for the red-carpet ceremony on E!, didn’t even mention the actress’s recent impersonation of the Alaska governor on “ Saturday Night Live .” At the end, Ms. Fey thanked Mr. Seacrest for not mentioning Ms. Palin.
Because the arbitration award gives police officers retroactive raises going back to 2004, many police officers will receive one-time checks of about $15,000, before taxes.
He later chalked up her outburst to frustration.
While there had been a gangway, boarding the 143-foot vessel now requires slipping through a hole in a fence and leaping onto a back deck, with the risk of plunging into icy, polluted waters.
American intelligence officials believe that Hezbollah and the Islamic Jihad Organization, working with the Iranian Revolutionary Guards, had a list of American facilities around the world they were prepared to strike whenever they received orders from Tehran.
“The Simm case is a serious sign of the situation in today’s world,” said Jaanus Rahumagi, chairman of the Estonian Parliament’s committee overseeing security services.
Morey, 35, is not in fact an android seeking to reduce basketball to stats and logic, although his manner of speaking might sometimes suggest it.
Mr. Kors is a vital attraction, alternately boyish and avuncular.
Others said he was stupid for turning down such a sizable sum.
He makes our lineup better, that’s for sure.” It was a lineup that produced 13 of its runs in the sixth, seventh and eighth innings as the Angels had a string of defensive breakdowns and the Yankees dug themselves out of the mess left by Rasner.
Mr. Abbas’s office issued an unusually strong statement after the Bethlehem raid.
Surely, photography must have provided relief from the tedium as well as the horror.
where 1.6 billion viewers watched league programming last season.
And Rosenhaus insisted that Burress’s inactivity was strictly injury-related.
Directors get away with half-baked ingenuities because opera plots already require suspended judgment — and because of the music.
Save that money and use it to buy furniture or go on vacation.” I was furious.
We are committed to getting back into the health care business.
Members of the subcommittee pointed out that Russia was awash in oil revenue.
“It has a lot of implications as far as who’s going to be in sole possession of first place in the division.
Most of Medicare’s spending on such patients in the last two years of life is for care in hospitals.
POWELL--Ann B., A very special woman, lovingly remembered and profoundly missed.
In Boston, in a preview of what would be a centerpiece of his campaign should he win the nomination, Mr. McCain said their criticism “shows a fundamental lack of experience and judgment about national security issues” and pointed out that the United States had kept bases for decades in countries all over the world.
On Wednesday, the Obama campaign will report to the Federal Election Commission that it collected $36 million in January — $4 million more than campaign officials had previously estimated — an unprecedented feat for a single month in American politics that was powered overwhelmingly by small online donations.
Location is crucial in placing outdoor sculpture.
His goal was to help them make vases and bowls for a new eco-conscious line by Cappellini.
THEATER EAST FARMINGDALE Arena Players Main Stage Theater “Boeing-Boeing,” a comedy by Marc Camoletti.
His involvement in the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender movement began at Stonewall and continued throughout his life.
“The most comforting thought was that at the end of the day, I will still be Raj, Olympic team or not.
He entered the country legally but overstayed a visa years ago.
The paroled Mr. Merola opened a Federal Hill restaurant called Andino’s, while the paroled Mr. Pari gravitated toward flea markets.
As a result, Russia’s general policy toward mass graves in Chechnya is to leave them undisturbed.
“They have disrupted the Taliban’s freedom of movement and pushed them south, and that has created the grounds for us to develop the hospital and set the conditions for the government to come back,” said Maj. Neil Den-McKay, the officer commanding a company of the Royal Regiment of Scotland based here.
In the lingo of contingency/disaster planning, it’s known as having a “single point of failure.” A family should consider the problems that could arise if they lost their telephone, television signal and Internet/e-mail access all at the same time.
CARE has a staff of 500, Doctors Without Borders has staff members there, and the United Nations has 1,500 people in Myanmar.
To draw a bright line in the law, said Martin Guggenheim, a professor at New York University School of Law, would be to cross the threshold of what the United States Supreme Court once called “the private realm of family life which the state may not enter,” and to intrude on parents’ constitutional right to raise children as they see fit.
In New York State, children ages 7 to 15 who are arrested are usually arraigned in Family Court.
League officials, the prosecutors note, have disputed that claim.
Farmers are generally permitted to have a second child if the first is a girl.
The long hours — she has taken only one day off this year — and the stress have taken an emotional toll.
And so Mr. Bush backs off and does nothing.
“That is certainly a possibility for the future,” Mr. Carr said.
It is a publication of the nonprofit advocacy group Veterans for America, available as a free download at veteransforamerica.org .
This week’s guest blogger is Felix Burrichter, a New York-based architect.
On April 1, a level of green building standards became mandatory in Babylon, Riverhead and Brookhaven, the first Long Island town to mandate Energy Star for new homes.
Local heliport and airport operators are complaining about being passed over, and one of them has sued the city’s Economic Development Corporation in federal court over its selection process.
The Phillies win; the Mets lose.
By then, it is hoped, the value of the home has rebounded or you’ve built up enough equity to make the bank whole.
But when he signed a book he bought her with the phrase “all the love,” she said, it provoked an exasperated response.
That deal went down as one of the worst mergers in history.
“We couldn’t stop laughing,” said Sean Baker, one of the co-directors of the film, which opens at Quad Cinema in Chelsea on Friday.
We believe that this simple street vendor program can serve as a national paradigm for health promotion.
But he suggested that even without reaching this season’s innings limit, he could handle a significant increase next season.
This is unprecedented in the 33-year history of the rankings.
He was left off the playoff roster after a dismal season that included an abdominal injury, a demotion to the minors and a 5-8 record with a 6.29 earned run average.
It feels natural and creepy at the same time, as if you have one of those little angels (or devils) sitting on your shoulder feeding advice or wisecracks directly into your head.
Things here are mighty confusing.
The exterior of the proposed design is not strikingly different from the current structure.
It just feeds the panic.
Helmut, his father, mother and sister left Germany within two months of Hitler's rise to power.
Among the most strictly Orthodox, teenagers are sometimes punished for publicly chatting with peers of the opposite sex.
Press-bashing has united Republicans for more than a generation.
It is a remarkable turn of events for Mr. Fuld, who personifies his firm unlike any other chief executive on Wall Street.
Music “THE PLAY OF DANIEL,” the Cloisters, Fort Tryon Park, Washington Heights, 1 and 3.
Match the celebrity with the candidate he or she endorses in a contributed video (often by singing).
Al Jefferson had 16 points and 11 rebounds for the Timberwolves, who have not won a game since Dec. 21 against Indiana.
That was the life I was supposed to be leading.
First, he said, he lets the dough rest for 36 hours before baking.
“No further mention of luck,” Mr. Schönhaus recalls tartly in “The Forger,” his stirring account of life on the run in wartime Berlin.
Ms. Ryan, a decorator, was unavailable for comment, as was her defense lawyer, Paul Davison.
The objective of the soccer-skills training is to refine your “touch,” to learn to control the ball in almost any situation.
Too bad it is too late to switch the Olympic surface in Beijing from hardcourt to grass.
“It’s going to be a lot of work to tackle the whole thing.” The crew will also perform science experiments during the mission in fields that include space medicine, biology and Earth observation.
Prices range from$10 to $210 for most home dates in2009.
But the Suffolk County police focused their suspicions on Mr. Tankleff from the start.
The Taliban said they had already contacted the companies, but without result.
Increased licensing fees for automobiles, especially heavier ones with lower gas mileage, will provide more revenue.
“These students have permanent residences that are great distances from the 11th Senatorial District, as evidenced by their driver’s licenses and other materials,” he said.
As already reported, in her New York debut on Wednesday evening she conducted a haunting account of Kaija Saariaho’s grimly beautiful dramatic oratorio “La Passion de Simone.” Then on Thursday, after the New York premiere of Ms. Saariaho’s “Notes on Light,” Ms. Malkki offered one of the most quicksilver and spontaneous accounts of Beethoven ’s “Eroica” Symphony in memory.
In the 21st century, deprived of totalitarian invigilation, Russia is losing Russians at the rate of about a million a year.” In the deathless words of Dick Cheney — so?
In a closely watched ruling, the Osaka District Court threw out a $200,000 damage suit that was filed by a 91-year-old war veteran and another veteran’s surviving relatives, who said there was no evidence of the military’s involvement in the suicides.
But discussions on a merger have been under way for months, along with work on a new design for the print version of The Herald Tribune.
— AUSTIN KELLEY SWIMMING | 400-METER INDIVIDUAL MEDLEY THE FACTS It used to be that to medal in this frenetic race — two pool lengths each of butterfly, backstroke, breaststroke and freestyle — you had to be strong in only three strokes.
It is our lowest-mileage car.
It’s not as if James and McNeal need another reason to challenge them.
Highsmith was just the kind of recruit CeaseFire looks for: an older man getting out of the penitentiary who once had standing on the streets and who, through word of mouth, appears ready, eager even, to discard his former persona.
The hip-hop museum, for example, won financing despite the troubled history of the group promoting it.
Michigan State’s struggles could be traced to their stars’ early offensive woes.
But he displayed little interest in solving it, saying vaguely that it required a “scientific solution” — which he could not define.
“There are a number of things that are very much pro-civil justice that are starting to work through Congress,” Mr. Haber said.
But Mr. Bush’s second-term secretary of state, Condoleezza Rice, is generally not viewed as having the success her unusually tight bond with the president might have engendered.
In reference to his poem, I believe gold is never gone.
While they were successful at a Quebec court, that ruling was overturned by the Supreme Court of Canada after an unusually swift hearing in June.
And while it seems absurd to include such a picayune event in the annals, the filmmaker Kevin Rafferty makes the case for remembrance and for the art of the story in his preposterously entertaining documentary “Harvard Beats Yale 29-29,” preposterous at least for those of us who routinely shun that pagan sacrament.
“With New York State already feeling the financial pinch, Entergy’s decision to ditch its ill-conceived plan is a huge win for New Yorkers,” Attorney General Andrew M. Cuomo said in a statement.
Rather, they are hard-wired into cars' computer systems, which are much more complex.
He hired the investment bank Lazard to fight alongside him.
More often, pottery painted blue was thrown in, not people, Dr. Feinman said.
Or is he on some subliminal level itching to outshine the 85-year-old House That Ruth Built?
(As will soon become apparent to anyone trying to navigate the streets of Laos, street names and spellings change almost without warning.
I knew he was going to get his shots, and they were going to be Paul Rabil-esque.” Hofstra (10-6) was unable to solve Rabil or the Hopkins defense.
They feature walls with LED candles, plush furniture, a white tea scent throughout the area, floral arrangements in bento boxes, healthy snacks and video montages of nature scenes.
The company agreed at the end of 2006 to send 16 shipping containers of collapsible wood houses for use in gardens and at the beach.
Its population has become dependent on tourists for their livelihood.
Along the way, the foundation switched gears again and started awarding grants for education and early childhood development, which remain its focus.
Patrick finished 5.8594 seconds ahead of the pole-sitter Hélio Castroneves after the leader Scott Dixon went in for a pit stop with five laps remaining.
They didn’t survive the plane flight, but the skin pigments still swirled under my touch and the suckers clung to my fingers.
“My friends, we are in challenging times,” he said, summing up his pitch.
You know, man?” I do, man.
But his supervisor again chose a slap-on-the-wrist letter, and Southwest officials began to lobby for Mr. Boutris’s removal.
Another golf day in America will end with a specific tally of a specific number of strokes — all thanks to a U.S.G.A.
“Zeb is the man I knew I wanted there,” Mr.
We still tell people you have to be concerned, even with sunscreen on.
With foreigners making up roughly 40 percent of the population of the Arabian Peninsula, such labor unrest is ominous.
The impasse was never resolved, and the Palladinos left the series.
Mr. Macomber declined to say precisely how the technology bypassed the traditional calling system, noting that the concept was covered by a pending patent.
In one, large gaps in the road are filled with huge rubber mushrooms that cars bounce across, while another takes place in a shopping mall where your speed is affected by which escalator you take.
Ms. Sheetrit had been on her way home from the gym with her sister when the siren wailed.
It has initiated sweeping plans for judicial and police reform.
The bank, along with a group of several major money-market investors, approached the Fed earlier this month with a plan to set up privately run entities that could start purchasing short-term debt from the funds.
Teenagers are working on the computers or signing up for video-game tournaments.
He has risen steadily through the organization, and with two hobbled outfielders, the Yankees summoned Christian from Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, ahead of the better-known prospect Brett Gardner.
Mr. McLendon’s three National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics championships with Tennessee A&I in the 1950s preceded the National Collegiate Athletics Association’s decision to open its tournament to black colleges.
“To him, it didn’t start the day he was born.
Mr. Obama did sound condescending, an unappealing trait that was even more naked in his “You’re likable enough, Hillary” gibe many debates ago.
Salvatore Ferragamo turtleneck, similar styles available.
His striking looks are also the stuff of fashion shoots and fan sites, and he routinely turns down work in more commercial films.
He said that was because not all of the contracts contained collateral provisions.
By the middle of the day, things had picked up slightly at Public School 17 in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, where some of the voting machines were set up in the lunchroom.
The Cell Ranger, which comes with a U.S.B.
The officials said they did not suspect enemy activity, and an American military spokesman in Baghdad, Maj. John C. Hall, said the most obvious possible cause was mechanical failure, though the military was still investigating.
Convinced that it could wrest more revenue from the jail as immigration enforcement boomed, the municipal corporation took full control in August 2007.
REITER--Bertie, age 93, widow of Louis Reiter.
After a three-minute injury timeout, del Potro returned to the court and was clearly not the same player, hesitating to push off with his right leg and losing the game on a double fault.
He prefers to view his exploits in a simple way.
The cloth rugs are brightly striped.
PHOTOS (PHOTOGRAPHS BY ELIZABETH LIPPMAN)
My body’s biggest chunk will be just like the meat inside the sandwich.” But I decided to push these thoughts from my head and sit comfortably to eat and enjoy my time.
“The new model of response is to dominate the market share of information about your candidate,” said Kevin Madden, Mr. Romney’s former press secretary.
She plays a very important strategic role as a source of inspiration.
CURRENT PROJECTS We have a new book called ''Purple Anthology.''
Neither character realizes they share such similar views, from “the pointlessness of my existence,” as Renée says, to their affection for Japanese culture.
The biggest difference is that there is now an Internet, which is full of Web sites promoting science fair projects.
At airports where they are closing their own lounges, United and Delta say members can use lounges run by their alliances — Star and Sky Team, respectively — and by alliance partner airlines.
Brewer was in court all day Monday and could not be reached for comment.
Mr. Obama has been criticized by both Republicans and Democrats for his stance on the Supreme Court's recent ruling that there is a constitutional right for individuals to keep a loaded handgun at home for self-defense.
But working again with the cinematographer Tak Fujimoto (a longtime shooter for Jonathan Demme), he creates images — bodies falling, trees rustling — that at their most potent speak louder and more eloquently than those words.
Such moves are certainly necessary in the short term, but no company can keep cutting its way to prosperity.
When gasoline became their biggest single expense, they sold one of their two cars.
Top-quality commercial buildings are faring better than older buildings.
The stock had gained more than 18 percent during the worst of the credit crisis between July and March.
UPPER WEST SIDE CO-OP $1,450,000 MANHATTAN: 245 West 74th Street (between Broadway and West End Avenue), #8A A two-bedroom two-bath co-op with a windowed dining room, a washer and dryer, and ample storage, in a prewar elevator building.
And though he will not be in court again until March, the Giants already found him guilty of self-absorbed stupidity.
I live in Berlin, which is a very cheap place to live.
She buried her head in the classics she loved and kept moving.
Ray taught music at Endicott College, Amherst College, and Gordon College, where services were held September 13, 2008.
Remove from the oven, and use a spatula to detach from the foil if the eggplant is sticking.
For the parade, Uno will be awakened at 6:15 a.m.
While there are no paintings in this exhibition, the curator has usefully assembled a number of his cropped, larger-than-life pastel portraits begun in the late 1980s, when back pain made it difficult for him to create sculpture.
Mahfouz’s early novels are about Egypt’s Pharaonic past: Khufu (Cheops), builder of the Great Pyramid; the Hyksos invaders.
The enemy targets are under surveillance,” he said.
Despite the problems with the Meadowlands, some felt Seton Hall should have stayed there.
In contrast to the preceding works the finale is lighthearted, picking up on Mr. Nunn and Mr. Trevitt’s funny guy/straight man humor seen in the short films before each work.
Mr. Miller, for instance, was a rare black politician who backed Mrs. Clinton in Ohio and had been under tremendous pressure from constituents in his heavily African-American district to support Mr. Obama.
You can rent a canoe at Canadian Waters, buy Arctic-ready clothing from Wintergreen Designs, or invest in a giclée print of wolves at the gallery of Jim Brandenburg, a National Geographic photographer.
Tommi Bridgeman, who coordinates the Beaufort County Crime Stoppers program.
On Saturday at the United Palace Theater in Washington Heights, Van Morrison used the word about 20 times in a new song.
They can each petition the S.E.C.
In TSB 2707-13 issued on Nov. 8, the company said the instrument cluster stayed on, draining the battery while the car was thought to be off.
When enough macaques engaged in this behavior — say, 99 — the addition of one more monkey would create a critical mass, and the practice spread not only throughout the tribe but also, telepathically it seemed, to colonies on other islands.
The reader is the author’s active collaborator.
Of the thousands of petitions for pardons and shortened sentences Mr. Bush has received during his presidency, he has granted clemency 171 times and commuted eight sentences.
The road to hell is, indeed, paved with good intentions.
In still-booming Seattle, it’s left to the homeless to remind us of economic calamity.
“I will fully acknowledge that this information should have been passed up the line,” Mr. Kennedy told reporters Thursday night in a hastily called teleconference.
Blessed was the politician without a wife in Washington in 1829, and none more so than Martin Van Buren, the (luckily) widowed secretary of state.
Larry Schachter Demarest, N.J.  To the Sports Editor: Willie Randolph does not play, nor did he cause injuries.
Every day, Romenesko, a journalism blog at the Poynter Institute, is rife with news of layoffs at newspapers, most of the time featuring some important, trusted names.
An American missile strike in Pakistan ’s northwestern tribal areas killed a senior commander of Al Qaeda who had been involved in planning attacks on United States and NATO troops in Afghanistan, American officials said Thursday.
Cleveland has dropped nine straight.
It disbanded in 1998, several years after renouncing violence.
The suspect, Corey Saunders, 26, had pleaded guilty to attempted rape of a child in 2001, but was released from prison in 2006 over the strong objections of prosecutors and psychiatrists.
Apparently the cat had set off the security system’s motion detectors, sparking the kind of call that is the bane of departments regionwide: false burglary alarms.
In December 1982, a Texas jury convicted Mr. Chagra’s wife, Elizabeth, and a hired assassin, Charles V. Harrelson (father of the actor Woody Harrelson), in the plot to kill the judge.
Almost all of the one million or so dollars they have sunk into mining has come from investors who have yet to see a return.
There are many such examples across the repertory, many given by dancers with none of Ms. Whelan’s authority.
MOHEGAN LAKE Van Cortlandtville School “Broadway Bound,” comedy by Neil Simon, presented by YCP TheaterWorks.
In 1944, Helmut became a U.S. citizen, joined the William Rosenwald family, and also married Ernestine Fried, a native New Yorker and longtime President of the Women's City Club of New York.
(Dargis) 'REPRISE' (R, 1:45, in Norwegian) An exuberant, exhilaratingly playful testament to being young and hungry -- for life and meaning and immortality, and for other young and restless bodies -- this precocious first feature about two precocious novelists is a blast of unadulterated movie pleasure.
If regulators found gross negligence or willful misconduct, that would also be considered as the agency ponders whether to make these payments.
The Nevada College Savings Program helps parents start saving early for the costs of sending children to college by holding the money in interest-bearing accounts for them.
My favorite sentence read, “The F.D.A.
An ambulance driver in the American Field Service, in North Africa during WWII.
The companies have injected their own capital into pools of securities, arguing that new business policies are helping greater numbers of borrowers.
Mr. Hall, a visitor from Switzerland, was immediately intrigued when he walked into the showroom set up on Greene Street by Navigenics, a California company that recently started selling genetic scans.
The Orchard at the Carneros Inn WHAT Shared residences at a wine country resort.
When it comes to rice, India, Vietnam, China and 11 other countries have limited or banned exports.
Ted Strickland of Ohio, a Democrat.
He rose to the rank of lieutenant colonel in the Army.
“Some of the best-looking leaves turn out to be poor photographic subjects,” she said later.
Susan Sparks sits at the intersection of a bevy of career trends.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s “I Have A Dream” speech.
I liked the building, and the location was great.” But the lack of storage space and the asking price were off-putting.
I asked Christine for her phone number and she refused to give it to me.” As time passed, he said, “I would repeatedly ask her and she would say ‘No,’ so after a while I gave up.” Explaining Ms. Hanna’s intransigence, Ms. Marachi said: “When you’re a nurse, residents come and go and you don’t necessarily want to date all of them.
But last month, researchers from George Washington University and New York University reviewed interim data from their own study showing that fewer than half of the men who had surgery felt their sex lives had returned to normal within a year.
Senior Federal Bureau of Investigation officials thought such methods unnecessary and unwise.
Sally Hemings was the daughter of a white father and a slave mother, and three of her children grew up to live as whites.
Such a commission would select a team of rabbinic experts to spend an extended period of time at the plant and then make suggestions and recommendations.
He is also a research fellow at the Program on Education Policy and Governance at Harvard, studying elementary and secondary education.
We just had these little issues that we had to get beyond.
Ms. Gordon, a four-term Democrat from East New York, will be eligible for parole after 20 months.
Even the demons of PMS didn’t notably alter her moods.
Still other readers objected to identifying, interviewing and publishing photographs (not of The New York Post variety) of Dupré.
Oscar Heyman & Brothers mourns the passing of our dear Lisa Heyman on February 25.
He gave them extra food and cigarettes.
The balance of acidity and sugar gives it an intense flavor.” With the help of an Israeli company that produced the seeds, Rutgers scientists decided to revive the Ramapo.
New to Peekskill since last April, the restaurant 12 Grapes styles itself as bringing “a little bit of SoHo” to the downtown area.
She is the director of English language arts at Amsco School Publications, a New York publisher of middle school and high school textbooks.
The government plans to build 4,000 new athletic facilities in the coming years, including pools, gymnastics halls, and stadiums for soccer and hockey, Fetisov said.
Mr. Jacobs spent five years at the Sing Sing Correctional Facility in Ossining for a 1998 felony burglary conviction and was released on parole in 2004, according to state criminal records.
They went to conferences, where their peers were presenting long rows of data, arrayed in complex charts, and referring to this kind of gene or that kind of physiological process, and they talked instead about the mysterious and magical benefits of people stopping to talk to each other on the street and having three generations living under one roof.
VILLAGE INDEPENDENT DEMOCRATS STREET FAIR , Saturday, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Greenwich Avenue, between Avenue of the Americas and Seventh Avenue, West Village.
Lean and haggard, the band (especially Mick Jagger) has the juice.
Ciments Français, based in Paris, will receive 400 million euros and a 5.4 percent stake of Sibirsky, one of Russia’s largest producers of concrete.
Alex holds a BA degree (cum laude) in Physics from the State University of New York at New Paltz, an MS Ed in Physics from the State University of New York at Cortland, and a Juris Doctor Degree from Pace University School of Law, White Plains, New York.
“What looked to be the lowest point in my life ended up being the greatest thing that ever happened to me,” Tyree, speaking of his arrest in 2004, said Saturday morning while sitting at his kitchen table.
The Japanese media reported that the police might seek an arrest warrant for the serviceman, who was being sought for desertion at the time of the taxi driver’s death and is now being held on a United States naval base in Yokosuka.
The master bedroom suite, with a gym, a study, dressing rooms and his-and-hers bathrooms, faces the Empire State Building .
“But the real magic,” he added, “is the one-and-a-half-inch ring between them where the two textures and all the flavors mix.” Testing once again bore out Mr. Rubin’s thesis, which might be called the Rule of Thirds.
It was only an interlude, this two-day trip for the Yankees to play the Tampa Bay Rays .
The experience helped prepare him for the bright lights of the tour.
“And he has acclimated to my lifestyle.” Radar walks well most of the time, and practically at heel, though on an off day he may tug or squirm.
As it became clear on Sunday morning that Hurricane Gustav had the potential to do enormous damage to the Gulf Coast, the networks began upending their schedules for the Republican National Convention and reassigned many of their stars to a story that they believed had greater news potential — especially as it was occurring on the anniversary of Hurricane Katrina , which took hundreds of lives and much of what was left of President Bush’s political capital in one battering blow three years ago.
MILLBURN Paper Mill Playhouse “Steel Magnolias,” drama by Robert Harling.
“There are always going to be influences of organized crime in an organization that has the ability to generate $1.2 billion in sales,” he said.
Many of the judges remain under house arrest, and the call resonated with many voters.
“When there is no water, there is nothing,” Mr. Chawla said.
The city is paying most of the family’s $1,170 monthly rent this year, and they are expected to save up a few thousand dollars, which will be matched by the city.
If cheating is part of the game when victory means only bragging rights, it will always be part of a game when victory comes with substantial rewards.
One improbable thing leads to another, and suddenly the mouse is roaring, having been inducted into a sex club in which beautiful women in French lingerie crawl around on all fours as if auditioning for a remake of ''9 1/2 Weeks.''
The executives also told representatives of several groups — including the Arc of the United States and the Special Olympics — that they were revising some advertising materials to change references to a developmentally disabled character, Simple Jack, who is played by Ben Stiller in a portion of the film.
Senator Christopher J. Dodd, Democrat of Connecticut, the chairman of the banking committee, said that he was willing to negotiate with the White House over the proposed grant money.
That’s a lot of material, and at 93 minutes, “The Unforeseen” can only come across as underdeveloped.
Set a 10-to-11-inch round baking rack over the drip pan.
That I want my guys to play hard or feel the emotion.” Eventually, cooler heads tend to prevail.
She died January 21, 2008, at the age of 79 at the Cobble Hill Nursing Home in Brooklyn, NY after a protracted period of suffering from Alzheimer's.
She graduated from Syracuse University.
Why did L. B. J. ignore his own solid political instincts to listen to Robert McNamara and Dean Rusk about Vietnam — falling under their stupid sway because they had been J. F. K.’s advisers?
“There’s going to be substantial deaths,” said the emergency medical services coordinator for High Island, Robert Isaacks.
After a record-setting first quarter tally of $25 million, he stopped asking as often.
— Marc Ragovin, New York Detroit mayor Kwame Kilpatrick is accused of perjury for lying about an affair.
I said to him, ‘It’s kind of like a Malibu beach house with oceanfront Phuket property.’” Foreigners are not allowed to own land in Thailand but they can set up legal entities that effectively give them control of the property, a common arrangement.
Even the three Japanese automakers reported declines on Friday, an extremely rare occurrence, as did Ford Motor and Chrysler .
and move it away from older, slower-growing industrial businesses in favor of faster-growing technology operations.
Anyone who loves traditional textiles should not miss this show.
“I don’t think he got much of any increase in salary,” Mr. Kean says.
But the effort fizzled quickly.
“I can spend time with my husband and it’s lovely,” Ms. Dubovsky said.
Earlier this year, Congressional investigators discovered that Dr. Joseph Biederman, a world-renowned child psychiatrist at Harvard Medical School and Massachusetts General Hospital, had failed to report to Harvard at least $1.4 million in income from drug companies, in violation of the university’s conflict-of-interest guidelines.
Not Jason Bohn, who finished third after a 71 put him at 10-under-par 278.
Nostalgia was hardly the motive for a man who was waiting at the front of the Broadway Theater that Sunday, waiting to catch stars of “The Color Purple” as they headed for dinner after a matinee.
“With the delay, I was kind of concerned with my body or something tightening up, but I was able to loosen up and I felt good.” Julián Tavárez of the Red Sox hit Derek Jeter with a pitch in the second inning, and in the top of the third, Pettitte backed off David Ortiz with a first-pitch fastball, high and inside.
“They’re in the process of continuing their investigation, and we’re in the process of cooperating,” he said.
For Mig Halpine, $135 or so a barrel simply means “a faster payback for our solar panels” — three giant jet-black sheets tilted to catch the sun behind the house in Bethany, Conn., that he shares with his wife, Calico Harington, and their children, Miles, 13, and Ella, 11.
One way to avoid that is by leavening a negative ad with humor.
Instead of laughing, the architects gave Thomas Small, Joanne Brady and their two young children a 4,200-square-foot, eco-friendly house that uses crushed sunflower husks (for wall panels and bookshelves) and shredded blue jeans (for insulation) costing about a third of the going rate for architect-designed houses of the size in the area.
Take Two’s management has rejected E.A.’s bid of $25.74 a share as too low.
(Feeling sorry for oneself also helps.)
Natural gas settled Monday at about $6.79 per thousand cubic feet, down from about $13.58 on July 3.
GALE--Matthew Kirby Jr. , 68, a retired neurologist from Mill Valley, California, was lost at sea on March 15.
This is a country that runs on routine amnesties.
“The big hope is that designers will start using these sustainable fabrics in their ready to wear,” said Ms. Harlow, who is a board member of Earth Pledge.
Last year, in the city’s River North neighborhood, Mr. Wong’s agency went into partnership with a Starbucks-style coffee shop; eventually, patrons logging into the cafe’s free Wi-Fi service will pull up the brokerage’s Web site.
1 CONTEMPORARY ART CENTER: ‘WACK!
Francesca Zambello directs an overwhelmed cast (2:20).
Cooperation between the police and intelligence agencies of the two countries has developed from Britain’s role as the colonial ruler before 1947, when Pakistan was created from the partition of India.
While the authorities kept him from publishing, he kept writing and speaking out, eliciting threats by mail and phone.
At 9 and 10:30 p.m., Tea Lounge, 837 Union Street, near Sixth Avenue, Park Slope, Brooklyn, (718) 789-2762, tealoungeny.com ; suggested donation, $5 each set.
As one put it: “No sorrow can be compared to my torture experience in jail.
People will come up and show me their caption and say, “Honestly, was my caption not better than the ones that won?” Every once in a while, they’ll come up and ask me to explain a caption.
This has been a rough stretch for the Spurs and their title defense aspirations.
The market for flexible displays is likely to grow rapidly, said Jennifer Colegrove, an analyst at the iSuppli Corporation, a market research firm in El Segundo, Calif. “Flexible displays are the crucial enabling technology for a new generation of portable devices that are mobile, but also have compelling user interfaces,” she said.
The B’s have won seven of their last eight (the sole loss was in OT to Toronto) and, accordng to Steve Conroy of The Boston Herald, embark on a backbreaking stretch of 9 games in 14 nights.
In 2007, nude recreation represented a $440 million industry — up from $400 million in 2001 and $200 million in 1992 — and it’s still growing, says the American Association for Nude Recreation, which promotes au natural vacations as “nakations.” According to the association, roughly 20 percent of members have a median household income of $106,000, drive luxury cars and spend $3,000 or more on travel.
On busy days, the larger front cafe and open dining areas out front are available for drop-in guests, though they quickly fill up with the crowds who have come to admire the museum's collections of Wiener Werkstätte furniture and decorative glass.
The Lakers squandered a 24-point second-quarter lead in Game 4 of the finals at Staples Center to fall behind by 3-1 — a deficit that has never been overcome in the finals.
“The old concept about art and government being at odds has changed,” he said.
This is a world without people, you might say without animation, though it teems with evidence of past life.
Behind closed doors, other presidents faced early tests that shadowed their tenures.
According to Giorgio Vasari, the chronicler of Renaissance masters, Sebastiano “a man of exquisite judgment” much admired by patrons and artists alike (Michelangelo became a friend, and is said to have assisted Sebastiano in drafting several works.
Attempts to reach Ms. Emanuel were unsuccessful, and Mr. Keogh, now with Bolton-St. Johns, a lobbying and consulting firm, has not responded to several requests for comment.
In a written statement, the agency said it had no information that staff members “were aware” of the Army alert or “failed to take appropriate action in response to unsafe conditions brought to our attention.” Keith Ernst, who stepped down Wednesday as the agency’s director, said, though, that the agency was “stretched too thin” in Iraq and that the small number of contract officers did not have expertise in dealing with so-called life support contracts, like that awarded to KBR to provide food, shelter and building maintenance.
“Unfortunately he died and wasn’t able to see my books published — he never got a chance to really see it,” he said.
“This is not a good-government move, and Mike knows it.” Another Bloomberg admirer, Councilwoman Gale A.
And Mr. Batheja has certainly had his hands full lately.
The land includes much of the state’s storied red rock country.
Another case was disposed of — for now.
Standing at a lectern in the New York office of Baker Botts, one of the law firms working on his case, wearing a pale blue shirt with a black and white button that read, “Free Marty,” Mr. Tankleff thanked his supporters for helping sustain his faith that he would someday be set free.
Sometimes he blends the two, as when he says: “I always loved how Roy’s work really challenges life force because it tries to compete with life force in the realm of the artificial.
“I was flabbergasted,” said Lloyd Constantine, a senior adviser and a longtime friend, describing his reaction to the initial news reports.
The financial sector also was under pressure and led decliners, with shares of Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase and Merrill Lynch all down more than 10 percent after Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JPMorgan, said his company faced problems in the fourth quarter.
He argued this position in opposing atheists’ efforts to remove the word “God” from currency, a ban on prayers at graduation ceremonies and many other secular initiatives.
And that’s what drives their decision to add a tee here, take a tee out there or a bunker here or there.” It remains to be seen how the course will play when the world’s top players are pacing the greens rather than club members, who include Giants quarterback Eli Manning.
Though it is Ohio’s largest city, with nearly 750,000 residents, Columbus’s growth long came through suburban development and annexation.
Along the way the quartet has undergone some typical changes of personnel.
The author states his credentials in the first chapter: while growing up in Amherst, Mass., he imagined himself to be some sort of medieval warrior and often found himself bullied.
“We hope it will be $18,000, but we’ll take $12,000, since we’re not used to having anything,” said Elzie Price, 53, the town treasurer, who works for a farm supply company by day and raises tobacco, hay and cattle on evenings and weekends — and now will be happily busier in his city job, too.
Mr. Corzine’s children spent weeks helping him recover, but Mr. Corzine, who is a multimillionaire from his years at Goldman Sachs, said he realized that most families did not have the financial resources his family had to take time from work.
They form a seemingly haphazard collection — some country names are written in English, some in other languages.
Before Braeburn Mr. Bistrong ran the kitchen at the Harrison, where his cooking had less subtlety but more muscle.
Kirk Browning, whose unusual career path took him from chicken farmer to television director of “Live From Lincoln Center ,” died on Sunday in Manhattan.
In my opinion, that’s a form of amnesty.” Mr. Romney acknowledged during an interview on the ABC program “This Week with George Stephanopoulos” that he was wrong when he said at Saturday’s debate that he had not said in an advertisement that Mr. McCain’s immigration plan was a form of amnesty, when in fact just such an advertisement did so.
Still, when Education Department officials say the strategy is working, they point to examples like Thursday’s graduation at Law and Justice, where 93 percent of the senior class — nearly all collegebound — collected their diplomas, far higher than the city’s graduation rate of roughly 50 percent.
A few weeks after the Tijuana bust, I went with García Luna to a meeting of state commanders and some local police chiefs outside Acapulco.
The “Tootsie” screenplay is often cited in film schools, where it is revered, as a rare example of successful composition by committee.
Wagner had his sixth blown save of the season Sunday, when Werth blasted a two-out, two-strike, game-tying homer, and the chances of getting another chance to torment Wagner improved when Shane Victorino led off with a double and Eric Bruntlett followed with a walk.
“Once my accountant obtains and verifies the facts, I will follow his recommendations.” Mr. Davis said that Mr. Rangel had paid scant attention to the villa’s finances until Sunday, when The New York Post reported that the congressman had failed to declare the rental income for 2006 and 2007 on his Congressional financial disclosure forms.
Make sure to trim off the stem end.
SCHNAPPAUF--William G., The Board of Managers and staff of East Side House Settlement express our sorrow at the passing of our former Executive Director, William G. Schnappauf.
But a new study by scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology suggests that simpler remedies by villagers too poor to afford bulldozers or cement can also have an impact.
Andrew used a lot of rough stones and he made large pieces.
Virtually every lawmaker has stories to tell of constituents hurt by fuel costs.
“We found her this apartment so she could be near us.” Mr. LaRusso, a compact man in red cargo pants and a mesh baseball cap, paced on the corner, text-messaging friends and family to let them know he was all right, and circled back toward Ms. Dunn every few minutes to curse the accident.
Nan brought energy and creativity to all of her endeavors--from her pioneering philanthropic work as founder and board member of Miracle House, a non-profit institution that provides housing and support services to patients, families, and friends of patients, undergoing critical medical treatment--to her work as a real estate broker at Sotheby's International Realty.
And then there was Bob Kerrey, the former senator and another Clinton supporter, who slimed up the campaign with the following comments: “It’s probably not something that appeals to him, but I like the fact that his name is Barack Hussein Obama, and that his father was a Muslim and that his paternal grandmother is a Muslim.
Before filming, Mr. Tsai haunted the Louvre for two years, free to roam apartments and spaces that had never been open to the public.
(He still writes a column on language in the Sunday magazine.)
“In York Station, the gas lamps were all lit.” With that discreet opening sentence, Andrew Martin draws readers of THE LOST LUGGAGE PORTER (Harvest/Harcourt, paper, $14) into the romance, mystery and danger of the railroad age.
But its profit of 84 cents a share, up from 39 cents a year earlier, was one cent below estimates and the company’s stock fell 7.6 percent in after-hours trading.
Any job that can be done by manual labor, is.” Part 4, on Saturday, tries to add more skepticism to the proceedings: political corruption, an overreliance on coal power and other problems are explored.
It is with considerable lack of pride that I confess to being the author of this idea.
The company also published rankings for social networking sites.
The discussions have focused on the Fire Department potentially hiring civilians to inspect buildings under construction or demolition.
Mr. Strathairn’s Cassius, whose wife has been appropriated as a plaything by Caesar, seems to grow more emaciated before your eyes, as if his swallowed anger had become a fast-acting cancer.
Aside from its price tag, this is painless conservationism, a point emphasized in the developer’s promotional materials: “Imagine having it all, while preserving the environment.” Darek Shapiro, an environmental architect who ran for mayor of Stamford several years ago as a Green Party candidate, praises the project’s design for drastically reducing the environmental impact of people who would be unlikely to downsize to save energy.
Peter Frumkin, director of the R.G.K.
There was a green drum kit with two bass drums, racks of guitars and basses, and Pro Tools equipment for digital recording.
The monumental misfit of the former Federal Assembly building, where the Slovak and Czech delegates once met, squats near Wenceslas Square, one of the lonely examples of Communist-era architecture downtown.
We hope Mr. McCain starts to answer that by halting the attacks on Mr. Obama’s patriotism and beginning a serious, civil debate.
The marketing concept is irresistible: “In the city that never sleeps, we don’t either,” read ads plastered on the outer walls.
The result is a black eye for Cherokee Investment Partners, a North Carolina company with the majority investment in EnCap Golf Holdings, the development company, which repeatedly missed budget deadlines because the cost of cleaning the landfills had skyrocketed.
“Sometimes I imagine that I am seeing the mountains of Laos in those green hills,” said Mr. Ly, 50, a farmer and baker who was born into the Hmong, the mountain tribe that waged a C.I.A.-backed guerrilla war against the Communist Pathet Lao in Laos in the 1960s and 1970s.
THIS was the fall that the orders stopped coming.
They harked back to the work he did for the United Nations in Paris.
“They chose to stop it when they did, and the conditions were definitely unbearable to play,” Manuel said.
What costs $500,000 there costs $250,000 here.” LAY OF THE LAND POPULATION 6,011, according to a 2006 Census Bureau estimate.
Ultimately, she decided to continue with conventional methods.
The old-fashioned way was to get training in a professional theater company or an independent conservatory like the American Academy of Dramatic Arts or the Actors Studio, or to be discovered and plopped on the Hollywood treadmill.
Last week, it was offering photography packages priced up to $3,995 and video packages costing up to $2,295 on its Web site, which has since shut down.
“It drives me nuts.” But there are other complaints.
Wagner was seemingly referring to Carlos Delgado, but Wagner disputed that.
Some players, including shortstop Jimmy Rollins, sprayed them with Champagne.
A fence in front was created from bamboo grown on the property.
I.P.’s and surrogates are discouraged from discussing money.
However, the buyers will have to pay all closing costs, including transfer taxes and the sponsor’s legal fees.
Mr. Livieri returns, and the trap is removed.
She had to spend 10 days indoors before her nose no longer resembled “a speckled egg,” she said.
These kinds of books are easier to read, we tend to think, and so they must be easier to write, and to the degree that they’re entertaining, they can’t possibly be “serious.” The distinction between highbrow and lowbrow — between genre writing and literary writing — is actually fairly recent.
Hardly anyone has a low opinion of him.” The poll found mixed feelings on Mr. Spitzer.
The mortgage crisis set off fresh shock waves Tuesday, with the biggest banks in Switzerland and Germany announcing huge write-downs totaling $23 billion, adding to the hundreds of billions in losses that financial firms already face from the subprime mortgage fallout.
The enduring words for Mr. Obama — who reached out his hand at one point toward his wife’s knee to answer the question himself — were “Lay Off My Wife.” The following is a full clip of the interview: Today, Mr. Corker’s chief of staff, Todd Womack, demanded that his boss’ state party remove the Web ad: After the Republican National Committee damaged our campaign with their infamous ‘Call Me’ ad — which we immediately denounced — we have strongly encouraged the national party and state parties to absolutely refrain from getting involved in negative personal campaigning, and we have asked the state party to remove their You Tube ad from their Web site.
memorial on Roosevelt Island will obstruct the site’s panoramic views.
In addition, since President Calderón’s party does not control Congress, he must persuade members of the former governing party, the Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, to support his bill.
In her plea for the maximum sentence, Ms. Dwimoh reminded the judge that Mr. Rodriguez had a record of bad behavior.
[Bed-Stuy Blog] The third annual Brooklyn Blogfest — gathering of local bloggers — is 8 p.m. on Thursday at the Brooklyn Lyceum.
Within the first few seconds of ''Wrecking Ball,'' a well-put-together debut album, he's already snarling over a guitar riff, anxious to bring the pot to a boil.
The marginalia also distract her from asking some basic questions, like, When did sex research shift from prudish to freewheeling to corporate-controlled?
“Obviously, there are cases of abuse out there of families that still are using placards that were originally issued to people who are now deceased.
And while Facebook and MySpace have added sports widgets, they are really about casual play.
Jose Reyes, after beating out a bloop double to lead off the 10th, was picked off second.
The new program “should improve the liquidity position of money-market investors, thus increasing their ability to meet any further redemption requests and their willingness to invest in money-market instruments,” the Fed said in a statement.
They selected red and gold as the dominant colors, to match those of old palaces and the Forbidden City.
The service allowed state and local governments to issue bonds to raise money in the capital markets at lower cost.
Thank You!” A few days later I called.
Mr. Yakobi, the chairman of Iraq ’s Board of Tourism, is charged with attracting foreign visitors to his beleaguered country.
“We’ll probably make a decision in a day or two,” Manuel said.
The National Academy of Sciences years ago recommended a new measure of poverty that takes such variables into account.
Her torch is a compact fluorescent lamp.
Most Americans don’t want to hear, see or feel anything about Iraq, whether they support the war or oppose it.
But the events of at least the last four decades have shown us that we are not a “can do whatever we choose” nation.
Real estate executives are watching the Macklowes’ travails closely, not only because of the seriousness of the situation but also out of fear that it could be a harbinger for the industry.
The result was somewhere in between.
That’s why I came here.
Francis remains remote, an observer; Sandra, his loose cannon of a sister, becomes a force in the lives of both Glover brothers, the seductive teenager (Daniel) and the disturbing 10-year-old (Tim).
They then drove him to a garage, where he was shot to death.
When Mr. Meserve protested that he knew little about the tradition, the manufacturer seized upon this ignorance as an advantage.
“Diesel is the bullet with the most acceleration at the moment,” he said.
MANY of the pieces at this year’s International Contemporary Furniture Fair at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center this month felt more artisanal than manufactured, with less of the emphasis on new materials and technology that dominated the show in the last decade.
Tuesday at 12:30, 4 and 7:30 p.m. screenings of ''La Solitude Du Chanteur De Fond'' (''The Loneliness of the Long Distance Singer'').
July 6 at 8:30 p.m. $145 to $225.
But in his first in-depth interview since settling into his new office, Mr. Gover, 52, seemed unconcerned about the scrutiny he might now encounter about his own spending habits, or about the long-term effects on the museum.
Passengers are routinely ignored and endangered as drivers are distracted by conversations with someone not in the cab.
The flare-up over an obscure territorial dispute in the Caucasus, one barely known to most Americans, has set off a series of tectonic shifts.
Needless to say, we are very proud, but of course optimistically concerned.
Over the years, he maintained his love.
Can you recommend an itinerary for a 10 day visit?
POUGHKEEPSIE Vassar College “Out of Shape: Stylistic Distortions of the Human Form in Art From the Logan Collection.” Through June 8.
Menacing figures in bodysuits drag women, caveman style, by their hair, guiding them as if they were marionettes and then, with little explanation, resort to clowning around.
WEEK IN REVIEW, PAGE 9 A VICTORY FOR WOMEN An urgent need exists for consistent, humane policies that treat women's rights as fundamental human rights.
The pillars will be more stylish than a pot-plus-arbor combo, and far easier to move.
The mixed signals from The Herald and the government about an interim power-sharing arrangement raised the possibility of continued divisions in the ruling hierarchy.
I believe a combo, Hootie and the Ivories, played the tinkling air all day Sunday for an elite audience of well-heeled, green-jacketed guests.
The whole match was predicated on Ronaldo, the handsome Portuguese youth with No.
“It’s nice to help out another Connecticut fellow business.” Mr. Horan and Ms. Bedell relied on Mr. Rossner’s experience to convert what they had created in a restaurant kitchen into something that would taste and look the same after cooking in a 100-gallon (or larger) kettle.
“Now I’m up at 5 in the morning, and I don’t remember what I dreamed about.” The bleakness of some of the roles has also taken a toll.
As the magazine Art in America recounted the work this year, Mr. Sharp “videotaped himself in front of a live audience as he attempted to recapture Saskia by re-enacting her birth — albeit with a difference.
It includes 100 objects presented in plausible if free-flowing domestic arrangements designed by India Mahdavi and demonstrates the timeless appeal of this French master’s fusion of Art Deco streamlining with the organic forms of the 1950s.
Citigroup, by contrast, has suffered more than $40 billion in write-offs and is likely to absorb billions more.
Sanjay Thakker, president of Gasoline Advertising in Clifton, N.J., said that sales of his magnetic digits had risen as much as 20 percent this year, though because it costs only about $10 to outfit the signs above the pumps with enough numbers, the product is not a huge money maker.
Carlyle received legal advice from Debevoise & Plimpton .
But for a variety of reasons, the developer could not get a certificate of occupancy for the building for six months.
not to allow these prosthetics is a huge step backwards because amputee athletes have come such a long way.” He will make his appeal to the I.A.A.F.
One was dedicated to those killed last week.
The music balances German Romantic sweep with compositional intricacy.
But years ago neurologists noticed a strange pattern of people suffering strokes shortly after seeing chiropractors , specifically for neck adjustments.
On May 16, she was found dead in the shop, killed in what the police said was a robbery.
“They were there mostly to collect data from the trader’s electronic files,” Ms. Schalk said.
Christina Park, 27 and a third-degree black belt, tested four face shields at West Side Taekwondo in New York, where she is an instructor.
“He didn’t stay a year,” Olivia said.
Today I hope our farm and its workers will be spared the violence.
“It’s their property, obviously, and their inheritance.
When editors asked for a sequel, they volunteered the Moscow nonstarters, timing the book’s release to the coming Beijing Summer Games.
He was not sure exactly who that was.
The group said these measures would bring more visitors and help CNET sell targeted and contextual advertisements.
But the real focus of Campbell’s interest, and his clearest sympathies, lies with artists who worked their way into the literary world from the outside.
After that is a private conference at the institute, followed by a free public event on April 13 at the Cathedral Church of St. John the Divine in Manhattan including scholars, environmental leaders and artists, among them Mr. Glass.
Judy McGrath, the chairman of MTV Networks, introduced yet another moniker for the youth generation, “Generation P,” describing them as “the “young adults who expect to produce and program their own media.” “We’re moving with them freely across every screen,” she said.
That would be fine with Mr. Murti, who owns not one but two hybrid cars.
The structure has a musical alternation: day, night, day; exterior, interior, exterior; stillness, movement, stillness.
“Even diehard Bush supporters know he’s an albatross around the neck of the nominee,” Mr. Bartlett said in an interview.
“It’s the Archie generation who came back for Eli.” The Scene But Oxford, once known as much for the university’s violent resistance to racial integration as for Faulkner, is now a magnet for more than just fans who want a place to stay on game weekends.
Fierce winds of change — from national political attitudes about polygamy to new economic stress and even down to the personal decisions about where to live in a post-Eldorado world — are buffeting the polygamist faithful.
SOUND LEVEL Moderate to loud.
But life in Crown Heights is somehow less complicated than that for Yosef, a tall, athletic young man who seems to have internalized Omaha’s easygoing ways (and its broad Midwestern accent).
Diebenkorn would later go on to make grander, more complex paintings, both figurative and abstract, than the ones here.
Meanwhile none of the three facilities have adequate fresh water supplies to generate steam because the storm surge pushed salt water through the region’s waterways.
player believed to have done so.
Voting experts have raised concerns about at least five states using paperless touch-screen machines, which could make recounts impossible in close races or cases of computer failure.
We must continue to the end.
The mayor is the man to fight it.
Guidebooks to the trail by Jim Felder can be purchased from the site for $9 each.
“We’re going to have to parent better, and turn off the television set, and put the video games away, and instill a sense of excellence in our children,” Mr. Obama said then.
Earlier on Friday, in an aperitif to Mr. McCain’s appearance at the NRA convention, Mr. McCain and a clutch of camera crews dropped in on gun shop in West Virginia .
Tonight is your fire baptism.
Although Church will be eligible to come off the disabled list Monday, Jerry Manuel said there was no timetable for his return.
When a white college student complained that Mr. Rico took forever to write a simple memorandum, Mr. Rico recalls responding, Who are you to speak, when you babble in pidgin Spanish and act arrogant?
The villain of “Felon,” Lieutenant Jackson (Harold Perrineau, who played the paraplegic prisoner Augustus Hill in “Oz”), is the prison’s self-appointed captain of the blood sports.
Honk if you speak Latin.
The coolest feature is the fully automatic Panorama mode, in which the camera takes three side-by-side photos all by itself as you pivot it in space; you don’t have to press the shutter yourself.
Ed Early Stamford, Conn., Sept. 5, 2008  To the Editor: Until this week, I had respect for John McCain, even though he’s not my choice for president.
Furthermore, these trade deals have become symbolic bogies for union activists.
He still believes the legislature will eventually have to do something to respond to the court’s ruling that having a separate civil union law for gays and lesbians was discriminatory, he said.
Seeing a chance to scrounge a few crumbs of prosperity for herself, she bought a refrigerator from a restaurant supply shop and stocked it with soft drinks, including olive juice, a favorite among Fujianese bus passengers.
When she was asked by The New York Post about the phrase “Intifada NYC,” which had been printed on T-shirts sold by a Brooklyn organization, she said, “The word basically means ‘shaking off.’” Of the T-shirts, she said, “I think it’s pretty much an opportunity for girls to express that they are part of New York City society” and “shaking off oppression.” Through her lawyer, Ms. Almontaser declined to comment on Tuesday on Ms. Reichert’s appointment.
Too big, too impersonal, too urban.
He received the news just two days before getting notice of his bonus and, people who have spoken with him said, he was offered a severance package of just 10 percent of the amount that he had been expecting to receive as his bonus.
No arrests had been made by last night.
In his Web column today, Carl Hulse looks at the race to replace J. Dennis Hastert, the former House Speaker, in Illinois, and finds that while many see Saturday’s special election as a test case for the general election, “there are a few variables that might mean the results are not fully applicable elsewhere.” Go to column
It may be unfair to criticize a book for what it doesn’t do when it is so good at what it does.
When Peña proceeded to tie the score, Buck and McCarver seized on what they thought was the meaning of that base hit.
“I’ve been in that house.
But energy companies lost ground.
Captain LoPresti and two other officers at the jail have been accused of abusing inmates in a class-action lawsuit filed on behalf of several Muslim prisoners who say they were mistreated after being arrested in roundups after the Sept. 11 attacks.
She loved horses and books and the water.
With the holiday shopping season approaching, Ms. Mandel said this year she had to be “very careful and very selective.” Alicia Williams, who lives in Brownsville, Brooklyn, and works for a financial services company in Lower Manhattan, described the mood on Wall Street as sobering.
Inflation is slowing at the consumer level — the government said on Monday that it was 4.6 percent in September, down from 4.9 percent in August and the fifth monthly decline.
Martz said he would like to believe that his St. Louis Rams were not secretly videotaped during practice the day before they lost to New England in the Super Bowl in February 2002, as has been reported — and subsequently denied by Patriots Coach Bill Belichick .
A coalition of broadcasters petitioned the Federal Communications Commission to intervene last week, and the commission is now conducting a public comment period.
Let's talk about the things we shouldn't talk about.
Enjoying Florence — a hard, forbidding city (“a city of endurance,” Mary McCarthy called it, “a city of stone”), handsome but not pretty, a challenge even if you could siphon off the tourists and replace them with picturesque Italians energetically engaged in producing local color — enjoying Florence takes more time and more effort.
She has eliminated part-time positions and delayed seeking a line of credit because the market is tight.
Memorial Services will be held on January 28th.
“Oh God, Vaclav Klaus will come next,” read a recent headline in the Austrian daily Die Presse, in an article anticipating the havoc he could wreak in a union of 495 million people already divided over its future direction.
‘I can’t say whether Pakistan is involved or not, but whoever is involved, it is not the ordinary people of Pakistan, like myself, or my daughters.
“Trade has winners and losers,” said Alan Blinder , a former vice chairman of the Federal Reserve and a Democrat, “and there have been a lot of losers in Ohio.” The first problem with what the candidates have been saying is that Ohio’s troubles haven’t really been caused by trade agreements .
I lived in one city and he lived in another.
8 p.m. 8) CELEBRITY DINING J.F.K.
As Sweeney recounts the bizarre adventures of Chick the chicken boy, Jeta the skeleton, Antoinette the pinhead and the rest of their forlorn troupe, O’Connell introduces us to the “real” freaks in Quinsigamond — notably the Abominations, renegade bikers trafficking in human tissue, and Dr. Peck, who needs this contraband for resurrecting the brain-dead patients he calls “sleepers.” Before long, the two sets of characters are interacting, and their respective genres are melding into a meta-narrative with common themes: love and loss, death and redemption, and the eternal devotion of fathers for their sons.
Memorial donations may be made to Good Counsel Home Inc., PO Box 6068, Hoboken, NJ 07030.
He will be remembered for his unparalleled selflessness, charm and beautiful spirit.
First she familiarized herself with a shuttle that runs between her apartment building and the Stamford train station, actually meant to serve her building's commercial tenants.
Beane usually travels with the team to New York, but he said one of the reasons he stayed behind was because of the trading deadline July 31.
“Early on they created relationships with Ballantine’s in Scotland for Scotch whiskey and Louis Roederer for Cristal in France,” he said.
; directed development and installation of the D.E.W.
A fake skeleton stands upright in a torn uniform and helmet beneath the legend, “The invincible Israeli soldier.” There are captured Israeli tanks jutting up from the ground at odd angles, their hatches burned and broken.
tournament bid on the line, should be the game with the most juice.
He was a member of the Louisiana Board of Regents and received an honorary doctorate from LSU for his service to the university.
At least one of the suspects belonged to the youth wing of a Hindu nationalist political party, police officials said, and several Indian news organizations have described the case as the first glimpse into radical Hindu groups that plot terrorist attacks.
Around this time, intellectuals throughout Europe were turning away from scholastic and ecclesiastical dogma toward empirical observation.
His class is one of the very few hands-on cadaver-based courses at the secondary-school level, where a teenager may wield a bone saw.
A company called 23andMe , one of the leaders in the new field of consumer genetic information, is expected to announce on Tuesday that it is cutting the price of its service deeply, to $399, down from $999.
“It goes bad over the winter.
Thursday through Saturday and Dec. 16 to 20, Dance Theater Workshop, 219 West 19th Street, Chelsea, (212) 924-0077, dtw.org; $26; $15 for students and 65+.
“These are business models designed to arbitrage or capture the spread difference,” explained Matthew Howlett, an analyst at Fox-Pitt, Kelton.
The practice, they say, would deter false convictions by discouraging misconduct and manipulation by the police.
This widespread renewal of active citizenship showed that a majority of people wanted to be free and would pursue their dream, even knowing that the Kremlin would do its best to stop the movement.
Outdoor spaces include a beach deck, accessible by a pathway, that can accommodate about 25 people with chaises; a 20-by-40-foot pool with a spa at one end and fountain near its center; an outdoor kitchen; three levels of decks; and a white sand beach.
But they also cautioned that the losses could be greater than the banks believed.
VISITOR INFORMATION BOATHOUSE ROW is in Fairmount Park, along the Schuylkill River in Philadelphia .
There is, after all, a certain indignity in fighting the class war for 107 years only to find one’s chosen style of governance employed on behalf of the other — which is to say, the very upper — class.
Cherished father of Johanna and (Ryan) Pepper and Kera and (Dennis) Donovan.
To the right of the steering wheel column was a small silvery knob.
92ND STREET Y , 1395 Lexington Avenue.
It was not the iPod or iPhone , which he described as just “icing on the cake,” that drew him to Apple.
“I get into trouble because I text too much,” Abigail said.
So the encore the Spanish viola da gamba virtuoso Jordi Savall, La Capella Reial de Catalunya and Hespèrion XXI appended to their splendid concert at the Rose Theater on Monday evening was a gift to old hands as well as to novices.
He said national regulations on carbon emissions “are getting closer and closer to reality.”
They say the weigh stations are set back from the highway and are brightly lighted at night.
But he induced Ramón Castro to hit into a double play.
John Ameroso, a Cornell Cooperative Extension agent who has worked with local farmers and gardeners for 32 years, said that when he first suggested urban farm stands in the early 1990s, city environmental officials dismissed the idea.
Steamed mussels ($12) were stringy, while calamari in rice flour batter ($12) was rubbery and dull.
Cab Calloway, whose “hi-de-hi” and “skee-tee-tuh-bee” scats are ingrained in jazz history, moved with his wife and three of his daughters, including Ms. Calloway, to the 12-room, white colonial-style home on Knollwood Avenue in 1955.
As redundant and tasteless as Queen Margo’s crab-infested chastity belt, “Meet the Spartans” is best described by the reactions of a row of what appeared to be sixth graders who shared the screening with me.
O’Reilly has entered into a commitment for $1.2 billion of revolving credit with Bank of America and Lehman Brothers to refinance debt, cover the cash part of the deal and other transaction expenses.
He himself put up $750,000 for an initial phase, a 10,000-square-foot pavilion, which was to be called the Hartford Café, but approval of the café was eventually canceled.
Legal experts said the change seemed intended to ensure that the protection of species like the polar bear would not impede development of coal-fired power plants or other federal actions that increased emissions of heat-trapping gases.
“My wife and I spent six hours beating the daylights out of our wheat with various instruments of violence generally seen only in S.& M. movies,” he said, “and before it was all over, I understood only too well why the Latin word for the threshing board is ‘tribulum,’ which has the same origin as tribulation.” He said that at the end of the day, his wife, Anne, “collapsed onto the lawn, exhausted, and had just one request: ‘Promise me you won’t grow cotton next summer.’” Naysayers everywhere I turn.
When a company lays off 50 or more workers, the government considers this to be an “event,” almost as if it were a wedding or a concert.
In that year, he also let a news producer with a hidden camera trail him as he and Ruger were turned away from various businesses.
An opposition group, the Old Tiger Stadium Conservancy, has until June 1 to raise $369,000 to try to save part of Tiger Stadium, even temporarily.
This tendency to skew supply and demand is also apparent in the Philippines , where the government is tracking down and arresting rice hoarders, who, of course, are simply storing rice for the possibility of even harder times to come.
This is just the next natural step in that progression.” (A number of the stars had ABC ties, which probably eased some of the logistics.
Mr. Plouffe did suggest that the campaign would pay careful attention to voter registration drives in general election states, and would keep working on a strategy for the fall.
Waiters wear white shirts and aprons and black bow ties, just as they do in Milan.
It seems only a matter of time, and formality, before he is regarded as the greatest golfer of all time.
Trustee of the Kenan Foundation of Chapel Hill, North Carolina, the Pinkerton Foundation, the Sidney and Judith Kranes Foundation and the Dreyfus Foundation.
There did not appear to be 400 Georgia fans inside the arena at tip-off.
“We are not sure exactly how to treat this yet,” Mr. Stanley said.
Hearing about a possibility of liberty as colonial hostilities break out, he escapes his keepers (at the wonderfully named “Novanglian College of Lucidity”) and joins American rebels who are about to attack Boston; but he is inadvertently betrayed and returned to the college, where he is horribly punished.
The tedious job of filing a tax return no longer requires several evenings, but just a few hours.
Nuclear design, plutonium and fighter jet production facilities were located not far from the Longmenshan belt, largely because the region, deep in central China, was far from the country’s borders and considered relatively safe from aerial assault.
First up on Friday is Mr. Day’s chat with the actor Eli Wallach .
One day, Chase’s mother, Terrell, saw him organizing his cards on his bed.
Ms. Larrabee said the railroad retirees have stopped playing free golf without being told to do so, and for now the state has set aside new applications.
The scenic attributes of Niagara Falls are well known, but if the pilot points them out to you in a plane at 30,000 feet, the falls can look more problematic than sublime, as if there’s a leak in the Great Lakes — it makes you want to call someone.
Her father, who retired as the head of program development for the Department of Social Services for Westchester County, is now a special-education teacher for the Board of Cooperative Educational Services in Yorktown Heights, N.Y.
We shouldn’t read too much into that one poll, and other polls have found Clinton doing better than Obama in matchups against McCain.
Even going to someplace like Mammoth for the weekend, I get there at 10 on Friday night, I want to get up at 6, get breakfast at someplace like the Stove, a real good place with pancakes the size of the plate.
Obama girl sings: “The way you lay pipe is incredibly hot.” (That’d be oil pipe.
“I went back to college because what else was I going to do?
But when an irascible Holocaust survivor introduces him to the world of oral history, Lukas's empathy quickly becomes obsession.
“Tiger signed it and wished him well and all that,” Cox said.
This is such a moment.” Mr. Bush offered an important olive branch to Democrats.
A big part of their plan relies on the recently signed Mo Williams, who has become a solid scorer after falling to the second round of the 2003 draft.
“In some business schools, they are studying our case like a case of marketing,” he said.
Despite Mr. Sharif’s deadline of Wednesday, other members of the ruling coalition, especially the Pakistan Peoples Party, appeared to be in no rush.
Senator from Vermont Washington, Jan. 24, 2008
“They have moved faster than they have in the past and focused on increasing the value they provide to the advertiser,” said David W. Kenny, chief executive of Digitas, an interactive marketing agency that is part of the Publicis Groupe .
On Tuesday she recalled that Mr. Prima struck her as the handsomest man she had ever seen until they divorced, and then she realized he was ugly.
“‘I may have two or three loose bullets,’” he said at the interview, according to Mr. Martin, his lawyer, on cross-examination.
From the time he’s first met, badly disfigured and sullenly silent on a hospital ward, Acland commands our attention, which only intensifies as he reveals the anger, grief, guilt and rage that torment him.
He would be the first presidential nominee to come of age after the draft was abolished in the administration of Richard M. Nixon.
William C. Smith was the builder of a $27 million cultural, educational and recreational facility in the city’s far southeastern corner near the Maryland line.
The commissioner, M. Patricia Smith, said the Labor Department would send notices to residents who are eligible for an additional 13 weeks of unemployment benefits under an extension President Bush signed on June 30.
This same treatment would work nicely with fatty lamb, like chunks of shoulder or even shanks, which without the initial braising would be just about impossible to grill.
It is also glib, poorly reasoned and thoroughly unconvincing.
(A very Lenny moment, that, but fortunately, perhaps, a tradition of “Mass” that never caught on.)
Names that do not match are flagged.
Cosmos International, 770 Farmington Avenue, West Hartford, (860) 232-6600.
Michelle Davis, a spokeswoman for the hospital, said the institution had investigated the accusations and found that Dr. Levine’s care had been “appropriate within the context of the child’s medical needs.” The University of North Carolina says Children’s Hospital never relayed information about the complaint.
For reasons unclear, Saudi Arabia wanted to hold on to that sand.
Instruments on the spacecraft included a small oven that will heat the scooped-up dirt and ice to 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit.
The intense promotion around him, the Chinese-language part of the team’s Web site, and his modest numbers make sure of that.
Katie, now 29, wanted to find her biological mother, but the aunt who helped arrange the adoption wouldn’t tell her anything.
Waiters and other workers charged that Fireman’s restaurants often violated wage and hour laws by erasing hours from employees’ time cards, not paying the minimum wage and overtime, giving managers part of the tips and docking employees’ paychecks if their customers walked out without paying.
Until all the trouble started last year, Bordeaux had five classifications.
He was the title character, the mild-mannered night clerk at the hotel.
It has often been observed that the Supreme Court has a tendency to follow the election returns, and it may have done so here.
“We moved the TV up from downstairs and bought a couple of La-Z-Boys and life is really good,” Ms. Wanamaker said.)
“No, that’s up to Coach,” Pennington said with a smile.
Czech politicians, he warned, should not think they could change anything.
“I can’t believe we’re dealing with Levitt & Sons,” said Nancy Harth, 59, who moved in last March.
You just rebound, you know, that plays over, and you think about the next play and you just move on.” “As a professional, you can’t worry about it, you just move on and keep playing for the next play.” For more post-game quotes , some cliche but others interesting, visit U.S. Soccer’s Web site.
“And you’re cramming so many pixels in such a small sensor that noise is becoming a real issue.
Epictetus, a Greek philosopher, once said, “It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.” Though I admit that I posses the characteristics that define an exceptional student, and while I admit that I have struggled earnestly to stand as your valedictorian, I have reservations when it comes to accepting this honor.
It’s not sexy like the Tesla, and it’s not aerodynamic like the Aptera Typ-1.
“I’m still shaken up,” Smith said.
To teach constitutional law, you need a vision about where our country has been and where we need to go in the future.
off-season, will be on display for European scouts during the two-game trip.
The Georgian baritone George Gagnidze was an exceptionally menacing Scarpia, singing with robust, earthy power and seductive lyricism when the villain turns on the charm.
We’ve talked about the worst-case scenario and what programs we absolutely can’t cut.
But the group did not have a staff until after receiving financing in 2005 — by which time the Olympics were already a focus of the Tibet groups.
Though that vote will take place after a new session begins in late January, opposition members contend that Mr. Harper no longer has the confidence of Parliament.
The bridegroom, 29, is an agent at Creative Artists Agency in Los Angeles.
According to Gen. James Cartwright of the Marines, vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, it was the deadly gas threat that made President Bush decide to go for satellite assassination.
Such designs can be done with brooms or vacuums, just like on a carpet at home.
The Foreign Ministry felt no ownership, and the new foreign minister, Bernard Kouchner, a Socialist, supports Turkish membership in the European Union.
“I’m not a member of the permanent political establishment,” Ms. Palin said in her remarks, which took aim at the news media as the crowd began lustily booing the press.
For the moment, it’s just all a blur.
During the toasts at a state dinner given by President Reagan in 1986, Mr. Febres Cordero briefly summed up his philosophy, “I must confess that I’m still an addict to Westerns.”
For readers who found it hard to tell the two detectives apart, Mr. Crumley offered a reliable guide: “Milo’s first impulse is to help you,” he told The Dallas Morning News in 2001.
But such are the sacrifices that some New York dancers make for their art.
In an example of how medical evidence was used to back up a detainee’s account, the report said scarring on one of the prisoner's thumbs “was highly consistent with the scarring caused by electric shock.” In addition to the physical mistreatment, the detainees reported that various gruesome forms of humiliation, including sexual humiliation, were pervasive.
“I make no apologies for being white,” Mr. Robbins told The Post.
The insects can live high on the hog, but will eat at lower levels of the food chain if they have to.
The eighth annual event — which alternates between New York City and Irvine, Calif. — offered 75 patients and their families the chance for pro bono informal consultations with leading doctors and experts in the field.
Even before he completed his purchase, he was hanged in effigy.
Gifts will be passed out, musical groups will entertain the crowds, and beer provided by Santana’s sponsor, Regional, will be abundant.
“I think you just get so focused on the game that noise, whether it’s good or bad, just becomes noise,” forward Brendan Shanahan said.
our assets, and I don’t quite understand why you would do that,” said Thomas A. Mauro, a nonvoting trustee of Polytechnic’s board and the immediate past president of the school’s alumni association.
But the mechanics do not simply need better instruction, Mr. Joyce said.
CATHEDRAL CHURCH OF ST. JOHN THE DIVINE, 1047 Amsterdam Avenue, at 112th Street, Morningside Heights.
Amin Maalouf’s forebears include a Melkite priest, Theodoros, and a tragic hunger artist, Botros’s unnamed nephew, who starves himself to death because his father will not let him study literature.
Zoos have a complicated history, their early aristocratic menageries giving way to public bourgeois spectacles in the 19th century.
Then, in mid-October, Oprah Winfrey devoted an entire show to Proposition 2, with Pacelle and members of the opposition as guests.
Cookie mania can easily be an all-night undertaking — often until 4 or 5 a.m. Maybe it would take less time if I didn’t have the companion compulsion to watch HGTV while I work.
But if the home-grown Italian-American Tony Soprano is more familiar to most New Jersey residents than the legendary and thoroughly Italian filmmaker Federico Fellini, not everyone is comfortable with that.
Because medium can still be dangerous.” Many riders in early heats started too deep, too far under the lip of the pitching wave, and were mowed under when the lip folded.
In 2006, he said, he attended a presentation about the Times Building, a skyscraper that opened in 2007.
What better inspiration for Thanksgiving than adapting Mr. Forgione’s quintessentially American recipes?
Shares, the bulls argued, have become too cheap to resist, despite signs of trouble in the economy.
“We haven’t used any uniformed active military personnel in our campaign solicitations,” said Hari Sevugan, an Obama campaign spokesman.
They would not be able to meet payroll.
The day before, the executive committee of his political party, the African National Congress , had demanded that he step down.
“He’s entitled to his opinion,” said Drew, who is batting .327 and hitting third while David Ortiz is out with an injured wrist.
But Christa Quarles, an analyst at Thomas Weisel, argued that a deal with Google could have the long-term effect of strengthening Yahoo’s largest rival.
A number of tunes — including “Following the Sound,” which opened the concert, and “Song X,” which closed it — followed a similar plotline.
In the Frankfurt region, the Rheingau is surely one of the most popular Ausflüge .
Google declined to discuss what it would have done had it won the licenses.
It’s going to take a few weeks for it to sink in.” His victory did not come without a dash of drama.
The couple, Kate Burns and Sheila Schroeder, appeared Wednesday before Judge James B. Breese of Denver County Court to face a trespassing charge stemming from a brief sit-in they staged on Sept. 24, when, accompanied by their minister, they were refused a marriage license from the Denver Clerk and Recorder Office.
Former players in the N.F.L: 4 — S Courtney Bryan (Miami Dolphins), C Nick Cole (Philadelphia Eagles), RB Kenton Keith (Indianapolis Colts), OL Tony Wragge (San Francisco 49ers).
Permission is being requested from Central Asian states so that supplies can move through them to the Afghan front, he said.
Although conservative in trades, the Yankees will continue to spend aggressively, Steinbrenner said.
“Here could be found a great milling together of fiercely articulate and freaked-out people from around the world, posting to discussion topics like ‘What Will We Do With the Bodies?’ Ms. Pearson writes in “A Brief History of Anxiety .” Visitors to the site offered suggestions on how to turn back the infected, zombie-like hordes who, in a desperate search for food, will try to invade the fortified homes of the healthy.
But it has made scant progress to date.
“You move to a neighborhood in no small part because you are attracted to the school — it’s a core decision you are making,” said Eric Shuffler, who is among the parents of 4-year-olds fighting for kindergarten spots in 2009 at P.S.
Nobody is mocking Wade now.
But the automakers wanted no part of socialized care.
As she did in her “Regeneration” trilogy, Ms. Barker conjures up the hellish terrors of the war and its fallout with meticulous precision.
The fund is to be co-managed by JLA Ventures and RBC Venture Partners, the Royal Bank of Canada ‘s V.C arm.
These improved seeds not only enabled farmers around the world to hold stem rust at bay for more than 50 years but also allowed for greater and more dependable yields.
Across the aisle was Michael Strahan , the boisterous defensive end.
Ms. Moore, 34, said, “It was only cheap if you were a vegetarian willing to eat beans and tofu.”
 A Republican can’t win without the love of evangelicals.
A number of music directorships recently turned over, with others to follow.
“We’re pretty traditional,” Ms. Morey of Amherst said.
I can’t work directly with clients while my license is suspended, but under the partners’ supervision I can help on cases.
Bout on its own sanctions list.
“But we could accept that he wants to pursue other life plans.” A senior Bertelsmann executive, however, said the factors behind Mr. Olson’s departure were more complex.
The problem arose when people on the same line would listen in on someone else’s call and thus drain the power.
7 David Nalbandian and No.
“What we have comes from Manhattan town houses, the best of Westchester, the best of Fairfield,” he said.
Tickets are $35 to $235.
The Turkish prime minister, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, said Thursday on television that he hoped a deal with the monetary fund would be reached by next week.
Under his plan, private developers who bought the buildings would be eligible for tax credits so that they could upgrade them.
Savion Glover, tap dancer extraordinaire, will be the headliner, appearing with the fellow hoofers Maurice Chestnut and Marshall Davis Jr. and the gospel singer Lori Ann Hunter.
“It’s not the fact we’re not playing hard, it’s that we’re not playing well,” Church said.
And a handful of his former sidemen, notably the guitarist John McLaughlin, went on to explore Indian music more deeply and directly.
Iraqi police officials in Diyala say that since June more than 200 Awakening members have been killed and more than 500 wounded.
Fox’s rerun of “House” came closest, leading the 9 o’clock hour after “American Idol” with 14 million viewers.
They then either hiked back up or exited via a road 3,000 feet below that leads to the town of Montezuma.
It is also similar to an effort orchestrated by Swiss financial regulators for UBS, another big global bank.
“Anybody else would pull this out, but see this?” he asked, pointing to a drab little remnant of a leaf that some young larva had fashioned into a winter home.
“We don’t have any money because it’s all going to the war,” said Ashley Lawless, a 18-year-old senior who moments before had been obsessively fixing her hair.
FAS 157 requires valuing the holding as thought Blackstone were to sell to a buyer that day.
Those nations refused, partly out of fear of China’s reaction.
But it was the defense, suspect at times this season, that held the Chargers to four field goals, including two after the Chargers had first-and-goal from the 9-yard line.
“We’re trying to combine making a modern Jewish state with age-old Jewish law,” said Dan Marans, executive director of Zomet.
He disappointed some Democrats by not taking a more prominent role opposing the war — he voted against a troop withdrawal proposal by Senators John Kerry of Massachusetts and Russ Feingold of Wisconsin in June 2006, arguing that a firm date for withdrawal would hamstring diplomats and military commanders in the field.
“This means natural selection has done a really good job of purging them away, and we’re left with rare variants, a constant flow of them, as the principal driver of the disease.” “This may be the case in other brain diseases, too,” Dr. Goldstein said, “because successful cognitive functioning is a highly complex system and there are many independent ways to take it down.” One obvious way in which natural selection acts against the disease is that schizophrenics have fewer children than others.
That is a 71 percent increase, the first substantial one in decades for the workers.
KAREN CROUSE BELICHICK EXPANDS WARDROBE During Wednesday’s news conference, Bill Belichick was wearing a red Rutgers lacrosse jacket.
In 2004, I took on a new role running operations globally, and we created a research center in China.
Dune, 88 Franklin Street (Church Street), (212) 925-6171.
And the region faces the near-inevitable prospect of a great earthquake on the Cascadia fault, possibly a 9.0 — 32 times more powerful than the 8.0-magnitude temblor in Sichuan.
Caff?acchino (Via Cairoli, 56; 39-0574-401533) serves a daily pasta lunch plate for 3 euros and is open through the siesta.
Many object to his moderate views on immigration .
To force a three-way playoff, the Big Red needed for Harvard to lose at Yale that night.
“Hello,” she cheerfully tells a couple after the man undergoes an operation to reverse a vasectomy.
And like others, he quickly bounced back, part of a resilience in the community that was chronicled here in the first months after the hurricane hit.
Running time: 1 hour 44 minutes.
“Any politician who fails to recognize that we are in a post-party era with a new political ecology in which connecting like minds and forming a movement is so much easier will not be around long.
It’s true that men are more likely than women to suffer from Asperger’s and from some forms of A.D.D.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY TONY GUTIERREZ/ASSOCIATED PRESS)
While some cinematographers sign their work with an easily identifiable flourish, the versatile Mr. Lachman, a self-described chameleon, agilely adapts himself to the specific needs of the material, as evident from a r?m?hat includes collaborations with Paul Schrader, Sofia Coppola and Todd Haynes.
Both the humor and the storytelling can be blunt.
The nationalists, with a program calling for Scotland’s independence, had been on a long winning streak and were predicting victory in the by-election right up to the voting on Thursday.
But that was far below the levels reached in the last two recessions, when more than 100,000 city residents collected benefits, he added.
Since the euro was created in 1999, that has meant adjusting interest rates in lockstep with the European Central Bank.
Then they told the crowd to disperse.
In contrast to the mountain, the nearby village of Fleischmanns has somewhat less energy.
And I can stand up and take the rap.”
Wry, remote, oddly detached — with an attitude of world-weary narcissism — Rebecca leaves the Maples feeling embarrassed in their innocence.
The recent operation was necessary after northern Iraq, an area about the size of Georgia, with seven provinces and bordering three countries, became what the American military called an “economy of force” region as troops were diverted to Baghdad during the surge.
That is the news.” As for who it is, he said, the news media should say, “We’ll get back to you” with a name.
While there are still high-paying jobs out there, more and more they are reserved for workers with high levels of education.
It could also bypass families with incomes as high as $60,000, depending on the kinds of tax credits they use to reduce their taxable incomes.
The bridegroom graduated magna cum laude from Brown and he received a master’s degree in economics from the London School of Economics.
Walsh said he was looking to acquire a second pick in the first round, but he was unable to do so.
Skin creams with retinol are available over the counter, but many do not indicate the concentration of the active ingredient.
That’s why I love musicals.
Reposing at Schuyler Hill Funeral Home, 3535 E. Tremont Ave., Bronx, NY on Saturday and Sunday 2-5 and 7-9pm.
As Mr. Hackett anticipated Pope Benedict XVI ’s first visit to the United States this week, he waited for an indication that the church would do more to help abuse victims like him and to punish their abusers.
Everything was moving so much faster than we appreciated.” His kayak also slammed into the barge.
An attractively pat case for cultural specificity could be assembled, making those allusions to internment, denial and ruthless efficiency that are practically begging to be made.
8 seed, got off to a sluggish start.
“Oh, you won’t get that here,” Horton tells him.
In a statement, the New Jersey Hospital Association commended the commission for tackling a tough subject, but said that it did not offer sufficient solutions or address options to obtain new financing.
“At the Olympics, they deal with a multitude of sports,” Rush said.
At his first opportunity after the summit he hosted an elegant thank-you dinner for the communications staff in his Washington apartment.
A sequence of tattooed figures includes images of two bathing beauties from vintage magazines to which the tattoo artist Dr. Lakra has added ink tattoos; Otto Dix’s dainty and vivacious “Maud Arizona (Suleika, the Tattooed Wonder),” a 1922 drypoint; and a more stolid tattooed man portrayed by the British Pop artist Peter Blake in a mid-1970s wood engraving that is one of the show’s better surprises.
Sitting in his wheelchair at Stony Brook University Medical Center, speaking through an amplified microphone, Mr. Pendergast has no illusions about the Darwinian worlds he’s competing in — one for personal survival, the other for attention in the bazaar of marches and runs and walks for one cure or another.
They caught Spitzer with a wire, recording him soliciting a prostitute.
That has forced the company to consider the sale of Newsday, one of its most profitable newspapers — precisely the kind of move Mr. Zell had said he did not want to make.
She also built upon the antique fan collection she had inherited from her mother, and become so knowledgeable about the subject of antique and vintage fans that she was eventually elected President of FANA, the international association of fan collectors.
Susan Lacy, series creator and executive producer; written and produced by Kristy Andersen; directed by Sam Pollard.
“We just press on,” said Bud Garrison, who was among residents patrolling the sandbags for leaks.
They are also on Web sites like aarp.com , everydayhealth.com and revolutionhealth.com .
Ill-paid city police are often armed with little more than batons.
These were later replaced on the battlefield with sturdier canisters, called “cans.” Home canning became a patriotic effort in the summer of 1917, when President Woodrow Wilson issued an urgent plea for women to increase their canning output to help American troops during World War I.
“There is no strategy to counter them,” he said.
He played solidly after struggling a bit last week in rushing for 79 yards on 20 carries against South Carolina.
Wake County, N.C., $424.4 million of general obligation bonds.
This presents challenges for Mr. McCain, who has already angered some primary voters with his stances on immigration , global warming and campaign finance.
AKUA PARKER and WILLY LAURY.
Rising energy prices have made the expensive work of discovering and pumping oil and natural gas from such an unforgiving environment more feasible.
His tenure coincided with broad shifts in theological ideas as well as sweeping changes brought on by the Second Vatican Council in the 1960s.
They do that by relying on the income from the electricity they produce, dictated by the price paid for energy whether green or not, and income from their environmental contributions or “environmental attributes.” The environmental attributes are what you are buying with your “extra” payments.
“It would have been nice to be two shots in the lead,” Ochoa said.
“I don’t know why, it probably should have been.
But he, too, was not immune to the pulls of legacy.
This is how football people unwind, watching the ball sail through the uprights, over and over again.
A State Department report released this year called Lashkar-e-Taiba “one of the largest and most proficient of the Kashmiri-focused militant groups.” The report said that the group drew financing in part from Pakistani expatriates in the Middle East, and that it used a front organization called Jamaat ud-Daawa to coordinate charitable activities, like relief for the victims of the October 2006 earthquake in Kashmir.
The chief of staff of the Pakistani Army, Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani, said after the ground attack that Pakistan would defend its border “at all costs.” Since then, there has been no known ground incursion by the Americans.
British intelligence says it believes that Mr. Al Ghabra played an important role in the events leading up to the failed transit bombings in London on July 21, 2005, which took place two weeks after suicide bombings on London subway trains and a bus killed 56 people, including the four suicide bombers.
1 seeds — North Carolina, Kansas, Memphis and U.C.L.A.
Sure enough, after Dr. Roy’s students had fiddled with the settings and circuits on one of their smart cubes, the copterette shuddered to life, its propellers buzzed, and, like Disney’s Tinkerbell meets Star Trek ’s Nomad, it began to jerkily, chirpily, rise up and fly.
But at $85 per person, plus wine, the men lost about $8,000.
I chose from a Yankees cap, a Raiders cap, and something called Uptown Diesel Records, with red lettering.
But it remains to be seen whether mating two turtles will breed a rabbit.
To the Editor: Re “Send In the Latrines (Op-Ed, May 19): Rose George points out that “even without complicated and difficult disasters like Myanmar’s, diarrhea trails only pneumonia as the biggest killer of small children in the world.” While the current situation is acute, Myanmar, as well as other developing countries, carries a chronic burden of diarrheal disease because of limited access to and awareness of simple, lifesaving interventions like oral rehydration solution, zinc and improved hygiene practices.
Gone was the political radicalism and the concern for minority rights that accompanied plural marriage and other unusual Mormon behavior.
“It appears to be more of a reactionary maneuver than a research-based action,” she told the Digest.
The garage even has a waiting area labeled “High Class Passenger Pick Up and Drop Off.” O.K., “High Class” is not (necessarily) referring to the passengers, but to High Class Bronx, a livery cab service that takes guests to the stadium or back and forth to the subway.
ON a sunny afternoon last week, a retired New York firefighter named Bruce Stuart sat on a tree stump overlooking a narrow creek that ran through Udalls Cove Park Preserve in Douglaston, Queens.
Hundreds, including several football players from the pre-1960 era, helped cram the Avon Grove High School bleachers for the first game on Aug. 30, a happy 34-7 romp over a club team from George Mason.
Finally the women were in.
El Duque took a three-year hiatus from the World Series, but he re-emerged in 2005 with the Chicago White Sox.
He picked a busy spot, with several hundred people passing him every hour.
These new machines won’t be perfect, of course; machines never are.
With weapons then new, DDT and chloroquine, a fast-acting synthetic quinine, annual deaths were driven down below 500,000.
But ambiguous constitutional language should not be interpreted to deprive Americans of the right to vote for children of their fellow citizens who, by happenstance or due to their parents’ military obligations, chance to be born overseas.
Our condolences go to Paul, Caroline and Nancy.
Mr. Olmert has always denied any wrongdoing.
The two narrative paths cross only once — at the wedding.
Although there was broad consensus that tougher times lie ahead, some fiscal experts questioned Mr. Bloomberg’s gloomy message, pointing to an increase in the anticipated surplus in the current fiscal year.
“Why are these riots happening?” asked Arif Husain, senior food security analyst at the World Food Program, which has issued urgent appeals for donations.
They’d probably both be just as durable but there wouldn’t be fashion.
Put simply, your waist should be less than half your height.
Now it has teamed up with the Gap to bring its wares stateside for the first time.
''So I got a chance to play all kinds of music, because I used to let these guys off.''
Some senior Iraqi officials see those developments as welcome signs of political reconciliation.
Any chance to see a survey show of Korean ceramics is an event.
HAYES--James A., on October 8, 2008.
A few more men shuffled to the stage.
Before changing its account, the government said Friday that she had died from a skull fracture caused when her head struck a lever on her vehicle’s sunroof as she ducked back into the vehicle during the attack, and that she had suffered no gunshot wounds.
But, she added, “digital data is enormously fragile.” It can degrade as it is stored, copied and transferred between hard drives across data networks.
Joint statement of Senators McCain and Obama: ''The American people are facing a moment of economic crisis.
When that organization was sold three years later, he moved to Miami and joined Knight, which owned four publications and had annual revenues of $60 million.
That well-built stalwart owed us nothing.
The Russian partners have called for Mr. Dudley’s ouster, citing poor performance — which BP disputes.
I think people do share common interests when they’re alumni of a university.” Over the next few years, Mr. Allon said, “Our plan is that this is the first of what will become eight Ivy League magazines, sites and events companies,” one each for Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Penn, Princeton and Yale.
Waistline : I’m not technically a tight lacer.
Box 630053, Bronx, New York 10463.
It happens with or without training, in sedentary and in active people, Dr. Tanaka said, and no one knows why.
Like Mr. Paterson and Mr. Skelos, Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver — now Albany’s longest-serving leader — drew heavily from established interest groups, including trial lawyers, the insurance industry, banking interests and an array of labor unions.
The attack on the outpost, near Wanat, caused the worst single loss for the American military in Afghanistan since June 2005, and one of the worst over all since the invasion in late 2001.
It’s a sophisticated approach to reflecting reality through comedy, workshop leaders say, cutting through the politics and politesse of life to reach the simple truths of our existence.
Suddenly, steel-faced gunmen barged in and filled him with even more bullets.
Once those five are represented, what does that leave for the other four companies?
Mr. Obama’s campaign did not announce it was running its new radio spot that said Mr. McCain “has stood in the way, he’s opposed stem cell research.” That ad concluded, “John McCain doesn’t understand that medical research benefiting millions shouldn’t be held hostage by the political views of a few.” The radio advertisement correctly asserts that Mr. McCain’s running mate, Ms. Palin, is against the use of federal funds for stem cell research.
Leaders of the Turkmen ethnic group, in competition for land and political power with the Kurds, called for protection by United Nations security forces.
He may have toyed with those elements in his three contrasting movements — the slow, bittersweet “Divers”; the robust, clearly misnamed “Morendo”; and the rhythmically brisk “Turnaround” — but in each, substance rather than structure held the attention.
draft in April — perhaps even No.
Dr. Butts addressed suggestions that he was betraying his race by not supporting Mr. Obama.
Early returns are strong at the Harry Chapin Food Bank.
The band offered 9 of the 36 new tracks free online at ghosts.nin.com and sold various versions of the whole set for as much as $300.
As Douglas Holtz-Eakin , a campaign adviser, explained to me, anyone hit by the A.M.T.
Modern confinement operations are less like farms than like meat assembly lines.
Max says the book is anything but, at once absorbing and unsettling.
Now that the game is out, Take-Two may well have entered discussions with Electronic Arts and possibly other suitors who covet the Grand Theft Auto franchise, but Take-Two has declined to comment on whether such discussions are taking place.
He took about 20 shots of the ceremony.
Many parents said they signed the contract, even if they were displeased with the terms and still angry at the lack of any real investigation.
What they will do in their slivers of free time remains to be seen.
Like blackness, it has become a complicated subject for art.
Junya Watanabe Man Comme des Garçons linen jacket (worn around waist), $855.
It was called the Democratic primary.
Although other forces are also in play, like safety concerns over some previously popular drugs and the transition of some prescription medications to over-the-counter sales, many doctors and other experts say consumer belt-tightening is a big factor in the prescription downturn.
It was a special of black cod marinated in soy, mirin and other Asian ingredients — delicious, but missing its advertised Israeli salad and served with ordinary mashed potatoes instead of the harissa mashed potatoes we had ordered.
A Ford spokeswoman, Marcey Evans, said the company had no target number of employees to cut, but each department had a salary cost-cutting goal.
In an interview with The Washingtonian in 1993, he said, “That uncertainty, that living in the moment is the essence of the actor’s craft.” In 1982 he turned down the role of Coach in “Cheers” — and a big pile of money — because he could not stand the thought of playing the same role for the seven years specified in the contract.
Through a partnership with Children’s PressLine, a training program in New York City for 8- to 18-year-olds, the “NewsHour” will offer student reports and podcasts online.
Our retirements have been put into severe jeopardy.
The 6-year-old suffered a nosebleed during the encounter, but it was not clear whether the knife’s blade drew the blood.
At least eight other people were killed in Iraq on Monday, said reports from Iraqi authorities and wire services.
Mr. Murphy said that Kleiner invested in these companies with an eye toward taking them public in seven to eight years.
The research group has estimated that Americans are now spending $1.6 billion a day on gasoline, which would make July the first month ever when the American gasoline bill would top $50 billion.
Police action and military force, disaster relief and strategic operations, domestic investigations and international espionage: boundaries have already started to disappear.
And there she was, in hoarse, but full voice, laughing about her blue suits, joking about whether Mr. Space’s compliments translated into his superdel vote for her, and about meeting her next year at the White House.
SUSSER--Herbert, 92, of Clifton formerly of Paterson, retired Judge of the Superior Court of New Jersey.
“His life has been fantastically creative and rich, a magnificent source of inspiration for all of us.
A former assistant to Allen Ginsberg, Mr. Shinder started the original Writer’s Voice in 1981, at the West Side Y.M.C.A.
This film is not rated.
It included a measure requiring the government to seek proposals from private companies to construct a high-speed rail service between New York and Washington.
“They were military-to-military discussions focusing on what more the Pakistanis could do and what more we could offer to help,” the American military official said.
Moreover, months of work uncovered no evidence that Dr. Ivins had traveled to Princeton, N.J., where investigators believe the letters were mailed.
Insiders say the company is racked by office politics at a critical moment in its history.
The proposed prudential regulator would not have authority, since there is no explicit guarantee of its liabilities, and the Fed would be expected to step in to limit risk taking only if the stability of the financial system were threatened.
The Russian government itself, which accumulated more than $150 billion in a stabilization fund, will be getting into the game with the newly created Reserve Fund and National Prosperity Fund.
He also criticized the link between the American Heart Association Web site’s “cholesterol” page and another page : “Food & Family, the 2 sources of bad cholesterol.” Only a reader who looks carefully realizes he has moved from a nonprofit site to the site of a corporate drug maker.
Hundreds of thousands have been displaced in fighting that has followed ethnic lines, segregating many areas of the country into ethnically homogenous zones.
“I just don’t like it reverberating around the walls of my apartment.
Those days are long gone.
“I believe the media put more of a tailspin than it should have.” Others were more equivocal.
Hope I’m not forgetting anyone, though it’s entirely possible that I am.
I am watching the cheerleaders in their somersaults and squats of perfect synchronism with those slapped-on smiles.
But this season it celebrates its 10th anniversary as a far-flung and thriving enterprise.
“I had a bottle of Maalox at the ready to quiet it down,” Mr. Broderick, 77, said in an interview.
In the 1970s Mr. Crumb’s colorful, idiosyncratic chamber works were all the rage: no self-respecting new-music fan, particularly of college age, was without the Nonesuch recording of his “Ancient Voices of Children” (1970), and his string quartet “Black Angels” (1970) was an unusually elevated and searing Vietnam War protest.
With about a quarter-mile to go, it looked as if the Big Brown team had picked a race that was a poor fit for its horse.
Though that much is obvious the moment he returns to the loft, creeping under its blanketing shadows, not much else about him is.
The watershed event, in his account, was President Reagan’s 1981 decision to fire 11,500 air-traffic controllers who had initiated an illegal strike.
The previous owner of the complexes, MetLife, had also tried to remove tenants who it believed were not living there.
Ancient Athens on 5 Drachmas a Day By Philip Matyszak Thames & Hudson, 134 pages, $18.95 paperback Ancient Rome on 5 Dinarii a Day By Philip Matyszak Thames & Hudson, 144 pages, $18.95 paperback The cover art for these books — ancient Greek and Roman statues lugging wheeled suitcases — is so oafish that wary readers may never peek inside, expecting to find sophomoric parodies of travel guides, Douglas Adams for dummies.
In the parking lot of their apartment complex, he aimed a basketball at the hoop, shot it — and missed.
Jonathan Leader, co-executive director of the parade with his wife, Dina Leader, said one of the motives for broadening participation this year was simply to reflect more accurately the inventory of loyalty to the existence and vibrancy of Israel.
Then the Indian Point project took on a “there’s-a-hole-in-the-bucket” character when workers began excavating to build a foundation for a bigger crane.
When Slobodan Milosevic played on Serbian grievances to win control of Yugoslavia in the late 1980s, he also appealed to army officers, indoctrinated to maintain the old Yugoslav federation, that they had to act to prevent its dissolution.
Back in 2005, she invested $75,000 in several auction-rate securities backed by municipalities.
You’re probably not happy with the returns — but if you have been a conservative, diversified investor, you may well be doing better than the overall stock market.
But Mr. Sam-Brew said he would describe it to her: “I will tell her, ‘Tonight is the night that all Americans became one.’ ” Mr. Sam-Brew, a bus driver living in Cottage Grove, Minn., said Mr. Obama’s achievement would change the nation’s image around the world, and change the mind-set of Americans, too.
Vivian Beaumont Theater, 150 West 65th Street, Lincoln Center, (212) 239-6200.
Graveside funeral follows at Beth Moses, Long Island, New York on Tuesday November 11 at 2:00pm.
may not wind up being in the C.B.A.,” she said.
“At least he’s trying to get things under control.
After 35 seasons, George Steinbrenner is letting his sons, Hank and Hal, run the business.
She had a more immediate challenge on her mind: playing baseball as one of the W.B.L.
Mr. Hussain organized the training schools for suicide bombers and a production site for making violent propaganda DVDs designed to encourage young men to join the cause of jihad, the former Taliban member said in an interview.
“Don’t tell me I won’t get paid for my work — that’s political nonsense,” Mr. Seminerio yelled at the governor during the speech.
Step back in time at the Vanderbilt Museum in Centerport on its Living History Tours every Saturday and Sunday.
Its defense forced Yale to punt six times.
But Mr. Bush and his aides are described as wary of risking the gains.
But, now Ms. Sternberg said, there is a much larger margin.
Luau, which opened in Beverly Hills in October, revives recipes from a bar of the same name opened in 1953 by one of Lana Turner’s seven husbands.
Judy McGrath, the chief executive of MTV Networks, said that many of the company’s assets are ripe for game development.
Students at Arizona State University have been testing Lively for several months.
Amare Stoudemire had 28 points and the Suns made it 14 consecutive victories at home by routing the Nets, 116-92.
During their 29-17 victory, that total was equaled by free safety Michael Johnson all by himself, off quarterback J. T. O’Sullivan.
“This is what happens when people are irresponsible and don’t check facts.” Despite its recent problems, analysts said another bankruptcy filing did not appear to be imminent for the airline, especially since it had taken steps recently to raise cash.
“There has been some level of mismanagement by the authorities,” said Habib-ur-Rehman, a manager at Atlas Asset Management Ltd. in Karachi, according to Bloomberg.
The fire broke out in the unfinished north transept, which housed a gift shop.
Some in the audience had ridden the trains themselves, and during an intermission a young man who goes by the name Thaddeus said he had boarded boxcars not only for fun but also to get to political demonstrations, a tradition he traced to the days of the Industrial Workers of the World, a radical labor union known as the Wobblies.
The flavor comes from me,” Mr. Jones said.
BSG Alliance has secured more than $50 million in Series B funding that likely will extend a string of acquisitions.
She and her husband, Demetrius, 42, met in high school in their hometown of Hillside, but after their marriage 19 years ago they moved to South Carolina, where Demetrius works in quality control for Fujifilm.
Shieber removes a Wagner box from a shelf and pulls away the tissue paper: it is Wagner’s jersey from his time in 1896 and 1897 with the minor league Paterson team in New Jersey.
“They deserved this win — they played hard, and that’s all you can ask for,” said Juliana Fernandes, a cousin of Dougherty’s who wore his white No.
He said other legislators, whom he did not name, agreed.
“More than 90 percent of this will be a pretty standard status-of-forces agreement,” said one senior official involved in drafting the American proposal.
Monmouth County Library, 125 Symmes Drive.
“It seems like, for every newspaper that leaves, a niche publication comes in,” he said.
By that time, the top competitors had just completed the race.
Rainbow Drive-In and Zippy's, home to the noodle dish Zip Min, are popular Honolulu eateries.
“I was making plenty of money,” said Mr. Knopf, who was working as a service supervisor at a local cable company.
He sings, he dances, he commits horrific acts of torture, murder and cannibalism: Patrick Bateman, the disturbed protagonist of “American Psycho,” is slated to slice his way onto Broadway in a musical adaptation of the 1991 Bret Easton Ellis novel, Variety reported.
ANGELS 4, RANGERS 3 Torii Hunter stole a home run from Texas for the second game in a row, and host Los Angeles rallied twice for a victory that reduced its magic number to nine for clinching its fourth A.L.
But how Ms. Palin honed her image can be glimpsed at the Beehive, a tiny pink-collar haven in Wasilla, a mountain-rimmed community of less than 10,000.
Nabil Katari, 46, is a local organizer for the Fatah youth, and his brother is a prominent local member of Hamas.
It was a home, not a trailer.” Like many Oakridge residents, Barbara and John Harris said they were wiped out.
''Who said unbroken happiness/ Is a bore?''
The Post’s weekday circulation, which was over 800,000 early in this decade, averaged 673,000 in the six months ended March 31, the seventh-highest in the country.
“You know, that I have a Muslim name.” Thousands of Muslim civilians have also found themselves waiting months or years for background checks, and have filed a class-action lawsuit in federal court in Denver.
Also, Matt Kelley of USA Today reports another instance of Mr. McCain using his senatorial connections to secure another government land deal for a top supporter.
Next, at 17 citations, was Tarasoff v. University of California in 1976, which ruled that mental health professionals sometimes have a duty to warn people about dangerous patients.
While all battalion vehicles at fires have recording devices, information from only one recorder has been transcribed so far.
Under-age workers said their bosses knew how young they were.
There is Fabien Baron Eyewear and Fabien Baron furniture for Cappellini.
In the aftermath of the 2005 earthquake, American popularity soared as American aid helicopters — widely called “Angels of Mercy” — soared to the rescue.
I was finished just 75 minutes after I started and squeezed past the many hungry vultures circling for our relinquished real estate.
Why does Dr. Edmond Hewlett, the spokesman for the American Dental Association, question the professionalism of foreign dental associations without asking why our so-called higher standards are worth exorbitant rates?
The rise in oil offset initial market enthusiasm after Bank of America posted results that beat expectations, raising hope that the credit crisis might be easing for the nation’s biggest retail banks.
“Yeah, don’t tell anybody,” Mr. Palumbo said, joking.
Ms. Redel worried that they were overpaying.
We could be looking at a jail corridor, or a hallway in some derelict housing project or the anteroom of a makeshift welfare office.
Memphis forward Shawn Taggart was Rush’s teammate for two years at Mt.
I was surprised he was paying attention at all, as he had been playing with the camera on his phone most of the morning.
Now researchers are finding that many oral cancers in men are also associated with the virus.
Some analysts said Mr. Pandit might have to raise more capital after the latest infusion.
He is skeptical of any argument that’s presented as inherently obvious.
He fired at them, they fired back.
“I’m so happy for Mo,” Jeter said.
By lining up theatergoers of different heights, he illustrates how Galileo used observations of light and shadow to deduce that the lunar surface isn’t smooth.
A dramatic moment, both in reality and cinematically, came when Mr. Dith saved Mr. Schanberg and other Western journalists from certain execution by talking fast and persuasively to the trigger-happy soldiers who had captured them.
But Mr. Harper softened those comments toward the end of the campaign, and the Bank of Canada said Tuesday that the country would not escape the consequences of tightening in international banking markets and an overall slowdown in the United States, Canada’s major trading partner.
Tom Coughlin said that Manning led outstanding drives, but added, “Against a team that rushes the passer as well as they do, you really do have to pay particular attention to the natural clock that is ticking and tells you they are close.” Manning, speaking of his fumbles, said: “One just slipped out of my hand throwing.
He took a sip of his wine and explained further: “It’s in what you’d call a, er, sticky wicket right now.” He began pecking at his BlackBerry.
— are all still alive.
Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook is not stepping aside for a chief executive as Larry Page and Sergey Brin did at Google or as Jerry Yang and David Filo did at Yahoo .
I got a good sense of the fragility the other night in Adamiyah, the big Sunni neighborhood in northern Baghdad.
Those changes are essential for economic recovery, they say.
To the Editor: Re “Hate Springs Eternal,” by Paul Krugman (column, Feb. 11): Mr. Krugman, a consistent critic of Barack Obama, did not produce a shred of evidence for his categorical statement that the “venom” being displayed in the Democratic campaign comes from Obama supporters, “who want their hero or nobody.” And it seems to perpetuate the same bizarre bitterness that he derides in his column.
Although they did not embrace veneers or faux-grained furniture for their own use — they made everything in solid wood — they were happy to sell the public ebonized chairs when lacquer became a craze.
He can bind the wounds of divisiveness and deception that have sent our country into decline at home and abroad.
“He said, ‘Being African-American, I really hate to hear the word.’ But he was against this thing being a racial thing from the beginning.
Active in the greater Bridgeport, CT community since 1963.
The surge in gasoline prices slowed a bit on Tuesday as oil companies reported that the damage from Hurricane Ike to production platforms and refineries appeared to be relatively minor.
But hurry, the last remaining piece from John Henry is already up to $4,050.
The Lakers, whose four-game demolition of the Denver Nuggets was the only sweep in the first round, took control in the second quarter Sunday, built their lead to 19 points in the third, then hung on as the Jazz rebounded relentlessly — grabbing 25 offensive rebounds and holding a 58-41 advantage over all.
“That’s what sets him apart from other players.” Ovechkin has also bucked convention by learning English quickly, asking the Capitals for an English-speaking roommate when he was a rookie.
The microbes have not been good guests.
Ms. Caplan, who had wandered away to scrutinize an Elvis-theme pinball machine, and Mr. Vogel, sipping his beer, turned to look at each other.
But the majority in the House was not veto-proof.
It's a course that cannot be ignored, a course that cannot be deterred.
We must change the way we live on the land.
But this appliance has been so splendidly gold-leafed, inside and out, that its show of wealth fairly shouts down the warped bargeboard construction around it, beautiful in its own way.
According to a guide, on a preview tour, 80 per cent of customers will use self service check in kiosks and fast bag drop desks.
Remembrances may be made to Dana Farber Cancer Institute, 10 Brookline Place West (6th floor) Brookline, MA 02445.
But mostly nothing happens, except in the sense that novelists and short-story writers understand.
In principle, Iran refuses to abide by illegal and coercive pressures or threats that seek to deprive Iran of its inalienable rights.
Later that day at a White House meeting convened by Bush and also attended by Congressional leaders of both parties as well as both candidates, McCain said almost nothing, even when House Republicans declared that they were not yet willing to sign onto the administration’s $700 billion proposal.
“What these children need is intervention and support,” Ms. Carrión said.
He died after a fall in the hospital, his daughter, Anne Chewning, told The Associated Press.
Phelps absorbs a daily diet of “Pardon the Interruption” on ESPN.
The menu is more casual at Atlantis Marine World in Riverhead, where the nautical décor at the casual Atlantis Café includes plastic sharks and imitation stone ruins meant to evoke the lost city of Atlantis.
Directed by the protean and prolific Russian filmmaker Sergei Bodrov (who wrote the script with Arif Aliyev), it is, among other things, a stubborn defense of old-fashioned, grand-scale moviemaking.
In 1982, Unit 2 sprang a leak in a steam generator tube, which can result in jagged ends crashing into neighboring tubes and sending radioactive water out of the primary containment.
“We’re going to have to tighten up on our defense,” Calhoun said.
They decided to celebrate their 25th anniversary as a couple by getting married.
Dr. Edmondson presents two alternatives.
More often, I suspect, performers just want everyone to know how wonderful they are, right down to their virtuoso fingertips.
Bazaars are the backbone of the country's traditional economy, and still wield significant power.
did not dictate the specific type of technology, they would not object if the agency mandated that “high-risk commodities” — fresh produce particularly susceptible to bacterial contamination, like tomatoes — be traceable within a certain time period back to the farm of origin.
It includes three focal installations, all made in 2006.
Some of the young women tell stories of fellow flight attendants who have simply slipped onto planes to their home countries and run away, without giving notice to the airline.
Irving was the son of Louis and Celia Dinkin.
“And where are you going to find the oil to replace eight or nine billion gallons of ethanol?”
The White House press secretary, Dana M. Perino, said there would be consequences for Russia but declined to discuss them.
Billboards are a different story.
“This will sow the seeds of democracy.
“The success of ordinary cosmology,” Dr. Susskind said, “speaks against the idea that the universe was created in a random fluctuation.” But nobody knows whether dark energy — if it dies — will die soon enough to save the universe from a surplus of Boltzmann brains.
Jeremy Denk, who accompanied the solo songs with sensitivity and rhythmic verve, was joined at the piano by Robert Spano in “Arias,” which closed the program.
New Orleans Byron Scott supervised the New Orleans Hornets ’ practice here Sunday morning, a few hours after watching his young team come from behind to defeat the Dallas Mavericks, 104-92, and take a 1-0 lead in their best-of-seven, first-round playoff series.
PAGE F5 Melanoma Safeguards PAGE F2 Elusive Diagnoses PAGE F6 Grapefruit and Breast Cancer PAGE F5 OBITUARIES NEIL ASPINALL Starting as the Beatles' road manager even before the group adopted a certain drummer named Ringo, he went on to manage the band's production and management company, Apple, and to acclaim by George Harrison as the fifth Beatle, Mr. Aspinall died Sunday in Manhattan.
That man, William Maher Jr., a firefighter from Maywood, N.J., did not call Lieutenant Martinson Johnny Nice Guy, the nickname his friends said suited him perfectly.
Some young fates are worse than hanging at the mall.
Federal agents claimed that, prior to the 2005 G.M.A.C.
A STAINLESS-STEEL TABLE FUNCTIONS AS COOKTOP, WORK SPACE AND SINK; ONE CABINET CONCEALS THE REFRIGERATOR, OVEN AND DISHWASHER (NOT SHOWN); AND ANOTHER HOUSES DRY GOODS, WOODEN VEGETABLE CRATES AND HOOKS AND NOOKS FOR EVERY GADGET.
Marijuana is on the league’s list of banned substances, and all players are randomly tested four times a season.
Kansas City averages 3.66 pitches per plate appearance, which is the second lowest in the American League.
What exactly was he planning to do with 2,865 bicycles?
Mr. Bloom, 62, said he was certain that censorship would not be a problem.
The "fair-value" reductions of the positions are estimated at about $2.85 billion, the bank said.
But if passengers are found using voice capabilities on Aircell’s service, “we can exercise the right to turn your access off,” Mr. Blumenstein said.
That kind of doggedness, Mr. Andersen admitted, will catch a team owner’s eye.
“This is a case that never should have been prosecuted,” Mr. Mastro said.
The problem is particularly acute when it comes to drugs.
At latest count, 35 percent of U.S. trade is with countries with whom the U.S. has, in effect, an open market.
He said community colleges, in particular, were having trouble matching private lenders and students.
The Longmenshan belt did not appear, for example, on a recent priority watch list of likely trouble spots.
In several hundred miles of driving, particularly on challenging two lanes through the White Mountains of New Hampshire, both the 4- and 6-cylinder Malibus had the kind of eagerness one normally associates with the Honda Accord and Nissan Altima , which are among the sportiest family sedans.
Mr. Simon may not be involved in monthly comics, but he’s still drawing.
All around, alarm system shields are wedged amid hedges.
“The legislation requires us to establish that women-owned small businesses are underrepresented in an industry in which a set-aside would be created,” said Christine Mangi, the agency’s spokeswoman.
To a certain way of thinking (all right, mine), the early Gilberto records are just about perfect, nourishing and mysterious and sweet, music to set your life by.
DuPont said it wanted cuts of $600 million for 2009, up from its previous goal of $200 million.
interrogation techniques was renominated by the White House on Wednesday to a senior department post, a move that was seen as a snub to Senate Democrats who have long opposed his appointment.
For years, it has been difficult to deliver the nutrient value of milk in communities in Africa and Asia that do not produce or have the resources to buy milk.
That was one reason Northern Rock, a British bank, saw its depositors flee and in the end was taken over by the government.
Market conditions have soured since the original deal was struck last May, and some suspect that the buyers themselves are less than eager to acquire Clear Channel now, at least at the current price.
I’m a very happy person,” he insists repeatedly at the opening of “The Mad 7,” Yehuda Hyman’s solo performance piece based on a story by Rabbi Nachman of Breslov, a Hasidic mystic of the late 18th and early 19th centuries.
officials say, is to highlight the unwillingness of Mr. McCain to consider revamping the tax code and make a partisan appeal to a possible Democratic administration and more Democratic Congress.
At their private meeting, she writes, Mr. Barnett advised her, “You have to face the fact that something about this might be true.” She says her response was, “My husband may have his faults, but he has never lied to me.” On the supposed day of the meeting, Mrs. Clinton’s public schedule simply says: “No Public Schedule.” Mrs. Clinton’s schedules indicate that she was in the White House on at least three of the dates that Kenneth W. Starr, the independent counsel who investigated the Lewinsky case and other matters, accused Mr. Clinton of having had sexual encounters with Ms. Lewinsky in a small study just off the Oval Office.
''Synesthesia,'' a work conceived and produced by Electric Pear Productions, a two-year-old multimedia theater group, is based on that childhood game.
Well, it turns out he can’t, either.
“If that does happen, that will be a change in position.” When asked whether she had been promised anything by Mr. Bloomberg in exchange for her support for extending term limits, Ms. Quinn looked incredulous and said: “Promised by the mayor?
“But our perseverance paid off.” The case, among a rash of corruption accusations involving border police agencies in recent years, was all the more striking because Raul Villarreal often appeared on television as a spokesman for the San Diego division of the agency.
As he subtly toyed with the audience, building tension without raising his volume or speed, he repeatedly prompted cheers even before his solos had ended.
Last fall, Firefly Mobile introduced the glowPhone for the preschool set; it has a small keypad with two speed-dial buttons depicting an image of a mother and a father.
France is proceeding with an experiment in free admission at 18 national museums in an effort to entice more French to visit them, Reuters reported.
I feel it’s my and my husband’s responsibility.” As he stood in a spot of shade at Wiggles World, Mr. Oldenhage, a manager for an air-conditioning company, said that because of the housing crisis, his firm’s business is down 25 percent.
“Our clients are prone to emotion-driven decisions: they get too excited during good times and too pessimistic during bad times,” said Evan Roth, a financial adviser for BBR Partners, which caters to about 60 families with assets worth $20 million or more.
West led the heart ten, East winning with his king and shifting to a low spade.
It’s about an experience in life, an opportunity to talk as a family about purpose and values that might not otherwise come up.
Meanwhile, producer prices fell more than expected, another sign that the threat of inflation had yielded to the specter of deflation .
One good option is to fly to London and connect to EasyJet airlines ( www.easyjet.com ), which has daily round-trip flights from Gatwick Airport to Olbia starting from around £90 (about $180 at $2 to the pound) in mid and late August.
He lives in Podebrady in a tiny apartment whose only adornments are a beer poster and his medal, displayed in a glass case.
They’re offering a €200 monthly rental subsidy to young people to dissuade them from buying at the moment—in an attempt to drive house prices down through “natural market forces.” I think the government will eventually acquire unsold newly-built housing at the developer fire sales and use them for subsidized housing.
They would no doubt be downed quickly.
And if a masquerader wants to don one of the elaborate costumes that extend like colorful, glittering halos around their owners, that generally costs $3,000 or more.
TRANSPORTATION Metro-North trains will operate on a holiday schedule.
As with earlier versions of the index, the authors created separate lists of countries that are considered peers, either economically or geographically, and scored the performance of nations in those subgroups.
And the aptly misspelled “verry tender” beef ribs were finished with butter and a sprinkle of pink peppercorns.
Ms. Rice echoed that sentiment last week in an interview with the Persian-language service of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty.
“However, we have certain misgivings as to the size of the American market for what remains, despite Mauriac’s brilliant introduction, a document.” Kurt Wolff, the head of Pantheon, also turned “Night” down.
Mr. Axelrod said he did not recall that specific job, but acknowledged he “may have” interviewed for it.
A new study seems to suggest that millions of people with low cholesterol could benefit from taking the cholesterol-lowering drugs known as statins.
All three of Easley’s home runs have given the Mets the lead, and two — including his 10th-inning blast against the Angels on June 18 that gave Jerry Manuel his first win as manager — have provided the winning margin.
Ms. Palin told reporters in Alaska that the anonymous criticism was “cowardly,” and that she had discussed the campaign’s position on Nafta at her debate prep sessions.
A safer and subtler approach can be found in nature.
Taguchi is not much of a power threat, which is why Chávez was playing shallow in right field, and he had been 0 for 16 as a pinch-hitter this year.
But when the chance to work for a madam with a steady supply of reliable clients arose, I was relieved.
Rice is first sautéed in fat (chicken fat is best, if you have it), then cooked in the stock.
On Sept. 11, 2011, the memorial should be ready for the public to remember the 10th anniversary of the attacks at New York’s ground zero.
By the late 1980s, in Rourke’s second act, he was a famous leading man in a string of bad movies that continued through the ’90s.
Visionaire, trained by Michael Matz, nipped Texas Wildcatter at the wire Saturday to capture the $250,000 Gotham at a foggy Aqueduct racetrack.
Beyond that, there are a million or more Iraqis living as refugees in neighboring Arab countries, and the pitiful toll of fear and deprivation on Iraqi streets.
“As we were coming down our little road, bushes and trees on the side were catching on fire.” Smaller fires broke out in San Diego and Orange Counties, while in Northern California firefighters were bringing under control a stubborn blaze on Angel Island in San Francisco Bay, home to a historic immigration station.
It always amazes me how birders give directions, but this is how you learn.
Idaho SUN VALLEY SUMMER SYMPHONY July 28-Aug. 18.
Here he follows a 20th-century aesthetic that assigns to music the obligation not to please but to report in musical terms on the harsh circumstances of life around it.
On Tuesday, the lawyers hoped to call a psychiatrist who had examined Nixzmary’s mother, to counter the account of sexual abuse.
“Many women feel they are alone,” she said, “and don’t dare come out in the light and speak.”
On one side was Robert S. Bennett, one of the Beltway’s most prominent power brokers and among the most recognizable faces in the room.
“I think they’re great at pushing and pulling together what suits their agenda,” said Peter Gardiner, the chief media officer at the ad agency Deutsch.
“There must be protection for the surrogates,” Mr. Rupak said.
All share a deep sense of place and a passion for plants and good bones, as the English call garden geometry; (860) 868-2200 or hollisterhousegarden.org .
The Celtics extended their winning streak, which started after losing to Detroit at home, to nine games and snapped Detroit’s streak at 11 games.
Before putting flowers in vases, he suggests taking off the leaves (maybe leaving a few at the top) because they can rot in the water and rob flowers of nutrients.
“Rendering” is based on fragments of an unfinished Schubert symphony.
Mount Kenya is known as tough but doable for amateurs.
He joined the landmarks commission in 1984 and was elevated to chairman in January 1989 by Mayor Edward I. Koch.
Blagdon grew up on a Nebraska farm and hoboed around the West for a couple of years in his youth before returning home and devoting the second half of his life to constructing what he claimed was a great electromagnetic healing machine out of wire, cans, bottles, pieces of wood and other bits of salvaged junk.
In fact, she said, her program has gotten too popular, forcing her to turn down overtures from would-be entrepreneurs who have neither a business nor a product but only an untested moneymaking idea.
The fate of that plane remains a topic of great controversy and speculation.
Well, for heaven’s sakes, who does this guy think he is, Rosie O’Donnell?” Here’s some kind of sad news from Hollywood: Pamela Anderson, you know, is getting a divorce.
Evasion is so common that landlords often demand two leases: one private with the actual amount expected, the other far lower and submitted to the authorities.
Instead of falling as refiners draw on their inventories, oil stocks built up.
In Phoebe’s case it’s an entire galaxy.
Such urges for physical change are usually practical ones; artistic advantage tends to be accidental.
When she left her house, everything was on fire.
Theaters are in Manhattan unless otherwise noted.
The Chateau Marmont is getting more competition with the April 1 opening of the London West Hollywood ( www.thelondonwesthollywood.com ).
(Holden) Film Series 'BELLE DE JOUR' AND 'BELLE TOUJOURS' (Sunday and Tuesday) Luis Bu?
ALONG California ’s mystical redwood coast, 1,000-year-old trees as much as four times the height of the Rockefeller Center Christmas spruce command rocky bluffs that overlook golden, frothy beaches .
The memo apparently went out, and those New Yorkers versed in showing up at the right new places right when they’re supposed to have descended on Commerce in style and in droves.
Russia is offering a similar agreement to South Ossetia.
If it’s torn up, the money you posted is used to clean up the lawn.” Ms. Conley nodded.
In Bloomfield, the company had built its audience to about 58 percent capacity, he said; in Madison, the figure is closer to 30 percent.
After some prodding, Bayer said, he learned the opponents “were concerned that the kids would be driving expensive cars to the game and were worried that they would be broken into.” Desperate to establish his program, Bayer instead bused his students to the leafy suburban campus.
Whales communicate largely in the frequency range of 20 to 100 hertz.
The prosecution portrayed Mr. Smith as a manipulator who arranged $785,000 in kickbacks and secret payments because he felt he was underpaid.
In his preface, he says the East-West division is “often illusory, always metaphorical.” Elsewhere, he suggests that the West is in many ways rooted in the East.
Please continue to keep cabaret artists and their songs in the public eye and ear.
Since then, Johnson has become the fourth American woman to win a world championship in the all-around competition, joining Kim Zmeskal (1991), Shannon Miller (1993-94) and Chellsie Memmel (2005).
China banned melamine as an animal feed additive.
In London, the FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was down 1.2 percent, while Germany’s DAX was 1.8 percent lower.
ROCKETS 91, HORNETS 82 Yao Ming scored 21 points, Tracy McGrady added 18 points and 9 rebounds, and host Houston contained Chris Paul in a victory over New Orleans.
Mr. Montgomery, the housing commissioner, said that he knew the modest program was not enough — the White House later expanded the agency’s rescue role — and that he would be “flying the plane and fixing it at the same time.” That fall, Representative Rahm Emanuel, a leading Democrat, former investment banker and now the incoming chief of staff to President-elect Barack Obama, warned the White House it was not doing enough.
Graves gets into gaps and his teammates make shots.
This behavior belongs to bygone days.
(Smith) KLARA LIDEN This super-talented Swedish artist continues to explore the malleability of space in its social, material and architectural aspects.
We extend our heartfelt sympathies to Hannah and her family.
“They don’t need to focus on large markets like companies do.
In addition to her Ballet Theater commitments, Ms. Vishneva is scheduled to appear on June 15 in Moscow, at a gala arranged in honor of the Bolshoi ballerina Marina Semonova, and in St. Petersburg, Russia, on June 22 in her own show, ''Beauty in Motion.''
To find out whether your child is at a healthy weight or at risk of being overweight, you should use a childhood body mass index calculator.
She offers voters no frills, just commodities: tax credits, federal subsidies and scholarships.
She needs a solid guy.
Any plans to be a pundit at the coming presidential conventions?
The previous day, his 20-year-old sister, the mother of a 4-year-old boy, had been fatally shot, one of three people killed in an apartment in Mount Eden, just a mile and a half from the shuttle stop.
But what we see is that party lines matter, and after all of the talk about endorsements and who’s on board with whom, what mattered was the county party organizations.” Those organizations were particularly crucial, analysts said, in a primary with soft voter turnout that was in marked contrast to the participation in the New Jersey presidential primary on Feb. 5 — 1.7 million votes were cast in New Jersey during the presidential primaries; about 515,000 people voted in the Senate primaries on Tuesday.
Born September 9, 1931 in Oak Park, IL, Robert grew up in Pittsburgh, PA, and attended Shady Side Academy.
It is easy, of course, to turn the idea of simplistic modern instrumentation on its ear — after all, technology inherently lends itself to complexity, not simplicity.
Next comes a work on paper that uses cement as paint, similar to earlier monochromes Ms. Webster made with organic materials like pollen and egg yolk.
“What I can be direct about is a sense of solidarity with the other artists who are doing this, and this, at least, notion of a shared commitment to saying, ‘We will take these 24 hours together to go through some intense state of contemplation,’ ” he said.
Lawyers forthe Société Nautique de Genève,Alinghi’s sponsoring yacht club,filed a notice of appeal with theAppellate Division of the NewYork State Supreme Court.
“Have you ever said such and such?” Mr. Barr asked a battered and demoralized witness, Mr. Katzenbach recalled.
One, Muriel K. Offerman, said Wednesday that she had been hoping the decision would have been made for her.
Recently, there has been some evidence that investors have begun to give up.
Gibbs.” “He was old-school,” said Mercadante, 54, who lives in Florham Park.
PHILLIES 5, REDS 0 Cole Hamels pitched a three-hitter for his second career shutout as Philadelphia beat visiting Cincinnati.
Jason Thompson added 18 points and 15 rebounds and his brother, Ryan, had 15 points and 5 assists as Rider (9-6, 2-2 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference) scored 100 points in regulation for the first time in nearly 10 years.
More than half the violent deaths occurred in Baghdad.
Before the downturn, homeowners often realized a profit even after only two or three years because prices were rising so fast, he said.
And these rooms are not likely to show up on the online travel sites, meaning would-be visitors have to start dialing hotels randomly.
Those impressed with the Bradley effect (put “so-called” in front if you dispute it) point to a series of polling surprises in races between candidates of different races.
George H. Northrup New Hyde Park, N.Y., March 30, 2008 The writer is president-elect, New York State Psychological Association.
Ken Belson is on jury duty, but now that we know he has an Internet connection, why should he have the day off?
At the start of the second intifada in 2000, Sheik Ahmed Yassin, the founder of Hamas, claimed: “A woman martyr is problematic for Muslim society.
if I’d been spending my time on more important matters, but unfortunately I’m not all that deep.
In the short term, a revolution in jet engines is about to occur, with radically different designs that use gears to cut fuel consumption, noise and pollutants.
While Thursday ended with much of the Gambino family’s leadership detained by the authorities and thus unable to operate effectively, the long-term impact of the case remains unclear, as other crime figures likely will be ready to stand in their stead.
“You want to stay back, and keep the calm and serenity, but can you survive?” Mr. Morinaga asked.
Those victories seemed heaven sent.
It is illegal to deduct political contributions as charitable contributions.
For example, CBS’s “Face the Nation” has Howard Wolfson, the spokesman for Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, Senator Lindsay Graham (a regular McCain surrogate and recent weekend guest who, we hope, can provide some dish about what went down at the ranch ) and Senator Richard J. Durbin, who supports his junior colleague from Illinois, Senator Barack Obama.
“We are doing something across cultures and across two sides of a tough conflict,” Dr. Schreiber said.
She now puts the icon, a green stop sign with an exclamation point, on lunch bags, stickers and even the little charms children use to dress up their Crocs.
In addition to his wife, Margaret, Mr. McGriff is survived his mother, Beatrice, and brother, Henry, both of Philadelphia; his sisters, Jean Clark of Amherst, Va., and Beatrice Evans of Philadelphia; two children, Donald Kelly of Philadelphia and Holiday Hankerson of the Newark area; and five grandchildren.
Sam keeps up with his fourth-grade schoolwork, Hebrew school and violin lessons, but has had to curtail basketball and soccer and stop taking karate and piano lessons.
In the fatal accident at the Lumiere building in 2004, a DiFama worker, Glenn S. Gonnert, 60, was working on a crane owned by another company above the Lumiere site, when he fell backward through a hole in a platform, plunging 60 feet through the crane’s internal stairway.
Activision is in the process of merging with Blizzard Entertainment, the brilliant force behind the globe-spanning Diablo, StarCraft and Warcraft franchises.
Richard Holbrooke and Ronald Asmus, former officials in the Clinton administration, compared Russia’s assault on Georgia with Hitler’s march on Czechoslovakia, airily justified by the alleged need to protect ethnic Germans.
A canny opponent, Mr. Mohammed mixed disinformation and braggadocio with details of plots, past and planned.
If he concludes that a higher price is needed to provide stability in the financial markets, that is evidently acceptable.
In 2004, the city housed 8,600 single homeless adults in the shelter system.
Lacy obviously spent a great deal of time with these celebrated entrepreneurs.
This is the huge arena where participants buy and sell insurance to protect against defaults by issuers of debt.
But Ms. Sadik-Khan acknowledged that there was a special significance when the street was one of the city’s most famous thoroughfares.
The narrow hallway had been remodeled with antique lamps, brass door plates and vintage carpets, and I got the sense of where this hotel was headed: its ghostly past.
Or would regional identity prove to be more lasting than the nation-state now that Europe was governed by an over-arching Union?
Yahoo, or its executives, may also initiate a stock buyback, to demonstrate to shareholders that they have faith in the company.
Accordingly, my own postcards tend to begin, “We would love to put you up next weekend, but I’m afraid...” GETTING REAL NOW ABOUT FUEL EFFICIENCY Cliff Kuang writing on goodmagazine.com about improving fuel efficiency in automobiles .
The couple met in September 1999, in a physics lab while taking premedical classes at Columbia.
During our second day, we are offered an opportunity to visit the enkang, the homestead where staff members grew up.
For two years he has been living with Mia Hagg, a beautiful 37-year-old Swedish architect who worked for him, then for five years for Herzog & de Meuron and now has her own practice.
The donor decides which days of the month the withdrawals or credit card charges are made.
For the 1960 television production of “Peter Pan,” starring Mary Martin, he played a celesta — a small keyboard instrument that produces bell-like tones — as the voice of Tinkerbell.
A Northern California anti-tan could be an advantage if you made yourself even paler.
Polls taken after the Republican convention suggested that Mr. McCain had enjoyed a surge of support — particularly among white women after his selection of Gov.
Information was sometimes safeguarded by investors and brokers and meted out in quid-pro-quo fashion.
In other words, paying off a credit card with a high interest rate now means you will have more money to spend on yourself later.
The index is considered a precursor to the Institute for Supply Management’s manufacturing survey on Tuesday.
But Fidel Castro ’s seizure of power in Cuba in 1959 moved Washington’s attention away from the commonwealth.
“In leaders like Berlusconi and Brown and Merkel and Sarkozy, I see a commitment to a powerful and purposeful Europe that advances the values of liberty within its borders, and beyond,” he said referring also to Gordon Brown of Britain and Nicolas Sarkozy of France.
“There was no indication to tell us that I was going to lose my bones,” she said.
That brings the total cost of state fuel taxes to more than 51 cents a gallon for consumers.
His toying with snakes while drunk, terrifying friends.
He was raised on theater, and so was she.
Hyde Park is near Stony Brook Reservation, a 475-acre forest cut with biking and hiking paths, about two miles southwest.
At 6 feet 5 inches, Bolt used only 41 ½ strides to beat Gay, who needed 45.
Few — after all — would take the risk of a deep plunge into the Thames itself; so it proves with Ackroyd’s history.
Bellow said he’d been talking with someone when Plimpton “just burst in, so I turned away from him.” Plimpton’s usual courtesy had blanked out everything but his famous prey.
The museum obtained official game jerseys of Clemens, Derek Jeter and Mariano Rivera from the Yankees in 2003 to use as representations of three high-profile players who were on the team during its run of four World Series championships in five years.
It’s not going to set things up in a completely different way.” But Colin Myler, editor of The News of the World, said the judgment was based on precedents established by “judges in Strasbourg,” seat of the European Court of Human Rights, and that the issues involved had never been addressed by Britain’s Parliament.
In a statement, Hexion said it was disappointed by the court’s decision and was reviewing the decision and its options.
“In Germany, it’s more rough,” Feigt said.
The Chinese turned to other countries for advice.
“Even given our circumstances, I think we would be remiss if we didn’t explore the possibilities,” MacPhail said.
Aunt Em would be Carol Woods.
That way fights did not break out when a table was jostled and a bottle fell.
Google engineers are also plugging away on voice recognition, translation, transliteration and digital text reading that it plans to apply to other developing countries.
“Many of the most brilliant comics have gone through some adversity, and Paterson had his own share of challenges in his life.” Mr. Paterson said he realized early on that laughing — whether it was at the Harlem Globetrotters’ antic performances or listening to Abbott and Costello’s “Who’s on First” — was a way to ease his sense of isolation.
I have fun with it and, at the same time, I make money.” Since the 1970s, when hip-hop hit the pavement in the South Bronx, various forms of hip-hop dance, already a mainstream signifier for youth culture, have slowly begun to gain acceptance in concert halls, via groups like Rennie Harris Puremovement and Full Circle.
But in order to make sure the country avoids a fiscal crisis like the one that toppled its government in the 1990s, Indonesia's central bank said it was going to introduce a stimulus plan and tighten its oversight of its banks to make sure the country has the means to weather the global crisis.
After a bullpen collapse dropped the Mets out of the playoffs, they handed a $37 million deal to closer Francisco Rodríguez to bulwark new Citi Field before learning that Fred Wilpon, their principal owner, had substantial financial losses through investments with Bernard L. Madoff, who is accused of contriving a $50 billion Ponzi scheme .
Western officials have cited Norway’s $380 billion fund, called the Government Pension Fund-Global, as a model for the rest of the world.
Since the beginning of the program, states have been allowed to define hospital outpatient services.
“It does mean that he said things at the time that he now knows are not accurate.” In a separate interview, Mr. Wallace said he could not answer the question under oath because he was uncertain about the real figures, and he suggested the committee had been naïve in its conclusions.
2 When Caroline Kennedy endorsed Senator Barack Obama's candidacy in January, she thought her announcement would be the extent of her public role in his campaign.
The idea behind the AFS Trinity is based on a widely accepted rule of thumb: the vast majority of drivers travel fewer than 40 miles a day.
Mr. Barber is one of numerous baristas, many of them 20-somethings, who have relocated to New York recently to get in on the burgeoning coffee scene.
In France, up-close, irreverent scrutiny of politicians is almost a novelty.
While increased heat and “intense precipitation events” threaten these structures, the greatest and most immediate potential impact is coastal flooding, according to one of the reports, by an expert panel convened by the National Research Council , the research arm of the National Academy of Sciences .
After 13 years of full ownership, Ford sold out last year to a consortium backed by Kuwaiti oil investors and led by David Richards, a British motorsports entrepreneur.
The high-frequency light damages the DNA of bacteria, viruses and protozoa in the water like giardia and cryptosporidium so they can’t reproduce and create havoc.
New York City Ballet had closed its annual season of George Balanchine’s “Nutcracker” with a particularly bright performance on Sunday.
Two shocks to the chest and his pulse again give a weak beep on the monitor.
It was not clear whether Mr. Kim worked there as well, but people in the neighborhood said they recalled seeing him there.
There are pasta dishes of the desperate cook, the one who has been too busy to shop or too busy to think, or who must put dinner on the table in 20 minutes.
Doting grandmother of Abbe Lynn Silverberg Sparks, Marc Frank Silverberg and fiance Lauren Melone, Brooke Sue Rosenbloom and fiance Jeremy Geller, and Bradford Scott Rosenbloom.
Several Israeli officials expressed a similar hope that Gaza would look more toward Egypt and become less dependent on Israel after the breach of the border in January.
“We were just strangers before, and this made us neighbors,” said Doug Harper, a sociology professor, still a bit surprised that something as simple as planting crab apple trees, hydrangea bushes and day lilies could have such a profound impact.
Mr. Hoffman said the investment tax credit and the accelerated depreciation allowance might have pushed businesses to make more investments before the year’s end.
Its highly skilled clowning, mime, acrobatics and contortion draw on the sociology of the factory workplace and the visual history created by Charlie Chaplin in “Modern Times,” the contraptions of Rube Goldberg and the industry murals of Diego Rivera.
The thrice-weekly list has evolved in specificity.
Also on Friday, a Turkish court upheld a previous ruling that acquitted a religious leader, Fetullah Gulen, of charges of trying to establish Islamic law in Turkey, Turkish NTV television reported.
In January, Ronald N. Beck, a managing director and portfolio manager at Oaktree Capital Management, a hedge fund, paid $19 million for a duplex penthouse with two 43-foot-wide terraces at the Beresford, at Central Park West and 81st Street.
Here is a sampling of excerpts as translated by the Moscow bureau of The Times: “The state is trying to turn Russian Orthodoxy into a new state ideology — the same thing as Communism was in the past.” emmy_I “In the 1990s, taking advantage of the fact that the authorities were weakened and the Russian Orthodox Church had not yet gained strength, a muddy wave of various missionaries flooded Russia.
As much as anybody in Pakistan’s history, Ms. Bhutto built a reputation as a campaigner for democracy, and it is for that that she has been principally eulogized.
A seventh child, a twin boy, died soon after being born; Mr. Fritzl told the police he threw the body in an incinerator, the authorities said.
Thomas has repeatedly refused to address the issue, telling reporters to ask Marbury instead.
The Avida team has published a string of papers in leading scientific journals on their experiments, testing ideas about complexity, mass extinctions and even the evolutionary benefits of sex.
It was only a matter of time before he would pick off Ahmed and take the lead for good.
Because of the way the device rebroadcasts the signal, the external antenna must be about five feet away from the base station.
Thomson’s strategic evolution has been from print to digital and now into a supplier of intelligent information.” Thomson’s newspaper holdings once included The Times of London, The Globe and Mail in Toronto and an array of less distinguished smaller newspapers.
He appeared at the White House to present the Medal of Honor to the family of Petty Officer Second Class Michael A. Monsoor, a member of a Navy Seal team who was killed in 2006 after throwing himself on a grenade to protect his comrades.
Henning, 65, has coached in the N.F.L.
IN the film version of “Sex and the City,” Miranda, played by Cynthia Nixon, hunts for an apartment in Chinatown, eager to sink roots into this roiling neighborhood.
Among its many applications, the site will allow residents to make and track maintenance requests and to keep abreast of events around the complex.
Three of the station owners told me there's not much profit in selling gas.
Both Mr. McCain and Mr. Obama have done well in attracting the attention of such voters, but how they will cast their choice here remains a mystery.
Grilled local organic bread is just being topped with chopped chicken liver.
It is also the hardest to spot, especially on body parts covered with hair.
At 7:30 p.m., United Palace Theater, 4140 Broadway, at 175th Street, Washington Heights, (212) 307-7171, theunitedpalace.com; $79 to $254.
Wisely, Mr. Posner hasn’t quite let him go the whole distance into a performance that would elicit boos and hisses, but what was an intriguing character in Twain’s text comes off here as more annoying than amusing.
I just think that what I’ve been working on, I’m headed in the right direction.”
As he marched, however, it was clear that he was not alone at the head of the demonstration.
Besides his daughter, he is survived by his brother, Gabriel; two sons, Ron and Dan; and six grandchildren.
“This is not something that’s going to be resolved a week from Tuesday,” he said.
At the same time, General McCaffrey has immersed himself in businesses that have grown with the fight against terrorism.
It is also where the New York Police Department has fought some of its toughest battles of the last 20 years, from trying to beat back the raging crack cocaine trade at the time of the Byrne shooting to extending an olive branch to the community after Mr. Bell was shot.
“They cannot distinguish who is telling the truth.” The scandals come at a time of great political uncertainty in Malaysia.
Though absurd by the standards of modern science, what Mr. Blagdon created looked enough like modern art to earn him a niche in the pantheon of 20th-century Outsider artists.
The five-person cast plays 30 or so roles, all directed with a fine sense of stage choreography by Michael Evan Haney (2:30).
But if you want reaffirmation that human history is an upward spiral rather than a descent into darkness, head to the new California Academy of Sciences, in Golden Gate Park, which opens on Saturday.
She stayed until she graduated from high school and took a job as a secretary at an insurance company.
Weis will have surgery on his knee in the next few days.
In 1997, Estée Lauder paid $300 million for Aveda, a maker of natural beauty products, while L’Oréal paid $1.1 billion for the Body Shop in 2006.
Brooklyn Ice Cream Factory , 1 Water Street; (718) 246-3963.
Mrs. Fishbein is hardly the first ambitious cook to rise from the ranks of Jewish women, but she is one of a handful to have acquired an international following.
Then he is always playing someone else, changing his style to match the quarterback of the next opponent.
The city’s chief Russian Orthodox priest, the Rev.
At midday on Tuesday, one antispam company, MX Logic, said in a Web posting that its service was still seeing at least 30 of the messages an hour.
At 6 p.m., 55 Bar, 55 Christopher Street, West Village, (212) 929-9883, 55bar.com; no cover.
Altria, the parent of Philip Morris USA, maker of Marlboro cigarettes, said profit from continuing operations was 45 cents a share in the second quarter, compared with 34 cents a share a year earlier.
Testing with a TriField meter led Brian Collins of Encinitas, Calif., to sell his 2001 Honda Insight just six months after he bought it — at a loss of $7,000.
She said nothing about how she rehearses the dancers in her company, Suzanne Farrell Ballet, though it must be the most remarkable feature of her work.
Instead of blaming India first, as is their wont, Mr. Ghosh and Mr. Mishra should join those of us who are calling on the international community to act decisively to ensure that terrorist training camps and networks in Pakistan are neutralized using an international United Nations-sanctioned force if necessary.
They convince the trainers who convince the owners.
Mark Rylance, who was recently nominated for an Olivier Award for his performance, will reprise his role.
The new fund, assuming it is approved by Congress, could pull the United States deeper into a form of capitalism in which the most powerful financial entities are not risk-happy investment banks, but more cautious state-sponsored entities.
“There is a lot of strife and civil wars and things,” Umenyiora said.
The bodies of three people were found — all stabbed multiple times, with part of a broken knife blade still embedded in one woman’s body.
On Monday, the head of a battery maker called Build Your Dreams, which started making cars just five years ago, offered to show a hybrid sedan to a writer from the blog Jalopnik.com .
He went on to defend Mrs. Clinton, saying that experience in government counted — both for his candidacy and, implicitly, for hers — and that there was nothing wrong with citing experience as proof that a candidate can deliver change.
“It features low-cost spaces to work, exhibit and perform, and it is a community in which the exchange of ideas and creativity is commonplace.” The prizes, which have been given for 23 years and are financed largely by the New York State Council on the Arts, go to artists throughout the state, but most of the winners are in New York City.
He came to see humans as utterly dependent on nature and argued forcefully against setting human beings apart from the natural world.
In the spring of ’46, when veterans began returning to school in droves, those who went out for football made a point of avoiding any discussion about the war.
Now they are increasingly about tamping down tracking poll predictions and about looking judicious and responsible.
Happily, with this staging — which features Marie Mullen, one of the splendid stars of “Beauty Queen” — “Cripple” emerges as a subversive charmer that shows off Mr. McDonagh’s skills as an expectation-thwarting master of knotted yarns.
Would the world not be more stable if America could be reaccepted as its organizing principle and leader?
A spokesman for the ATP, Kris Dent, refused to address specifics, but said the organization, which governs the rules and conducts 63 tournaments on the men’s tour, was merely trying to maximize the sport’s potential.
Given his ’40s and ’50s Boys’ Life-representational mannerism, it is curious that he has never done a children’s book before, but frankly his books for adults could have been written for children too, even if kids wouldn’t understand all the nostalgic references.
“Our goal now is to work with the media industry to come up with ways to resist the downward pressure of less advertising viewing and create a way for advertising on TV to become more effective, more engaging and closer to the sale.” “What we are trying to do is to create all the underpinnings of a future business model for television,” he said.
World Entertainment News Network published the article “Smith: Hitler Was A Good Person” in December, after which Mr. Smith sued for libel in a London court.
But what are the chances of that?
He was, in fact, convicted in 1991 of extorting money from developers while he was mayor of Hialeah.
Services are under the direction of the Thomas S. Lowther Funeral Home and Crematory, Vero Beach.
She cited Burma, where, in the 1990s, India pressed for democracy and watched the military junta sidle up to Beijing.
ESHINSKY--Sergei A., on October 16, 2008 at age 72.
Mr. Kalin, perhaps oppressed by a need to obey the chronology of the story, fails to infuse it with enough dramatic momentum or psychological gravity.
Her case may be among the most extreme, but some spas are wary.
On the first day of class, students put on their safety gear, practiced falling and learned to hold the skateboard by its front edge, or nose.
“So at what point do they buy their motorcycle?
The winners of the Grand National Teams Flight A in Las Vegas last month were Harry Apfel, Kelley Hwang, Sorin Pleacof and John Ramos of New York; Valentin Carciu of Glen Head, N.Y.; and James Scott of Wilton, Conn.
The program’s goal is to increase turnover in curbside parking spaces in the test areas — a section of Greenwich Village in Manhattan and a stretch of Kings Highway and adjacent streets in the Midwood neighborhood of Brooklyn — so that drivers will spend less time cruising in search of an open space, according to the transportation commissioner, Janette Sadik-Khan.
“The time goes by so quickly,” he said.
The hunt for them continued with a recent American cruise missile strike aimed at a suspect in southern Somalia, but it missed, and wounded several civilians and promptly incited protests.
Under the New York State ’s General Business Law, co-op and condo sales must be made under the terms of an offering plan filed with the Law Department.
On a recent Saturday, he was teaching Riley Denny, 12, how to hit fastballs.
In six full seasons, he has endured only one stay on the disabled list, in 2005.
It would not be his first experience in the Chinese penal system.
Mr. Kerviel has never disputed the bank’s claim that he was the sole architect of the ruse.
After years of political and intellectual stasis, a new opposition has begun to rise among Cairo’s middle class in response to an increasingly repressive state.
Only sporadically does the piano open up onto fields of lyrical beauty.
Vans is another brand that has long been an icon of the sport; its trademark shoes with vulcanized rubber soles are a staple among skateboarders.
Other speakers said that children would also be better helped by examining the dynamics of families.
The final wording narrowed the application of force by saying it would require the express consent of Somalia’s government and should be pursued with an appropriate level of intensity.
Of course, that pressure has always been a part of professional sports.
“It was great,” Fisher said.
On Thursday, the Joint Economic Committee, chaired by Senator Chuck Schumer, conducted a public examination of the costs of the war.
Here, too, there’s a double standard.
“This is like a little fraternity that allows kids to be as nerdy or geeky as they want and nobody is going to pound them for it verbally or physically; in this room they can be themselves without recrimination, and if we also get a good scientist out of it every year or two, not a problem.” When the field of 300 semifinalists was culled to the elite 40, Mr. Gudjonson, who spent the summer of 2006 in Iceland on an internship at a research company, deCode Genetics Inc., was the only Ward Melville student to survive the cut.
All three are expected back Sunday, giving Donovan McNabb his full complement of skill players for the first time this season.
Lining the so-called Great Hall that runs from home plate to the right-field foul pole will be huge two-sided banners, with Yankee legends in black-and-white on one side and more recent superstars in color on the other.
We did not look at any exhibits at the Morgan Library.
The biggest opening of Zheng’s career materialized last week at Wimbledon, when she was offered a wild-card entry into the women’s singles bracket despite being ranked No.
An 11-year professional who has never spent a full season in the majors, Ransom had little experience playing first until the Yankees called him up last month.
“I think we’re one year into a five- to seven-year unfolding new renaissance of digital media, so I really want to get going,” Mr. Gordon said.
If you are looking for such, I suggest “Speed-the-Plow.”
“Jambo,” they’d murmur, Swahili for “hello”; it was a polite way of saying, “Coming through.
Years later, ballots around the country are still far too confusing, and poor instructions have disenfranchised hundreds of thousands of voters.
Ms. Gamble has her apartment back.
The participants’ identities are removed from the schedule.
Fox has been helped by two rich story lines the past two years, Boise State and Hawaii of the Western Athletic Conference each having an undefeated regular season and reaching a B.C.S.
They have money in their budget for it.
The Chinese government has already threatened to build a fence around the stadium after the Games.
The Children’s Health Center was carrying the U.S. Sugar stock on its books at $153 a share in 2005, they say, when the offer emerged for $293 a share.
“We have to be mindful that as we pass the baton in this democracy that others don’t take advantage of it — that’s true whether it’s myself or Senator McCain.” In his remarks, Mr. Biden told supporters at a Seattle fund-raiser on Sunday that if Mr. Obama was elected, the world’s leaders would test his mettle as a young president, just as they did John F. Kennedy.
“I think this survey is historic,” said Tukufu Zuberi, the chairman of the sociology department at Penn, who conducted the study with Camille Z. Charles, an associate sociology and education professor.
They’re an odd bean in a couple of ways.
PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY BANARAS KHAN/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES)
His mother, Florence Tondino, was Italian and, according to Mr. Prosser, a woman of dramatic temperament from whom Mr. Monette drew inspiration.
Laura Pels Theater, 111 West 46th Street, (212) 719-1300.
West with a win or a Chargers loss.
Those days are thankfully long gone.
We need a fresh start.” Notes ¶In Asia, Uzbekistan, with two games to spare, became the first nation to advance to the fourth round of regional World Cup qualifying after its victory over Singapore in Group 4.
Were Mr. Boll less technically inept — if nothing else, his movie is a master class in botched editing — he might have been on to something as viciously cathartic as “Team America: World Police.” As it stands (barely, flatulently, clutching a humongous firearm), “Postal” is a gimpy half-step forward for the man popularly known as “the worst filmmaker in the world.” “Postal” is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian) for pervasive violence, language, nudity and ineptitude.
It was a drill, Indian soldiers taking over an Indian ship.
According to data from Dealogic, 14,575 have been announced worldwide this year, 11.1 percent higher than the same time in 2007.
“The Horse” will be on view through Jan. 4 and requires timed tickets ($22; $16.50 for students and 60+; $13 for 12 and younger).
They waited for 20 minutes, until the pizza delivery man arrived, and then slipped away for the two-hour drive to Sacramento.
That prompted Mr. Glos to say laconically that maybe other countries’ packages “will help our export economy.” This perspective resonates at companies like Hawe.
He inscribed his motivational messages everywhere on the campus; a carving on one of the hotel’s thick oak doors reads, “The love you liberate in your work is the love you keep.” But at his core Hubbard was a capitalist, and most of the profits he kept for himself.
Many held open her recently published autobiography, “Standing Tall,” to the title page.
“This should never have happened.” But things like this do, again and again.
Mr. Latzky said that Mr. Kaplan had given $10,000 to $12,500 a year for the last seven or eight years to the orchestra’s annual fund but that those contributions were unrelated to his appearance.
I’ve also ridden a handful of races — 15, actually, even managing to come in second once.
“That’s why I have the ball in my hands late in a game,” he said.
After the ceremony, the team hurried over to the hotel’s Bull & Bear restaurant for a quick lunch.
The Congressional Budget Office estimates that about 40 percent of riskier mortgages made in recent years are coupled with such secondary loans.
Sad note: Ivins died in 2007, without seeing Bush leave office.
We did not use insecticides and used our horses to spread manure in the winter.
From what Charlie tells us, however, he doesn’t seem like a terribly gifted psychiatrist.
The bride’s father is a senior consultant for investment banking in the Los Angeles office of Goldman Sachs & Company.
Mr. Cohl, who was known for wearing a black cowboy hat and smoking a big cigar, was named to the Order of Canada in 2003.
He doesn’t think he’s better or morally superior than somebody else.
But never before has a defense secretary simultaneously ousted a service secretary and a service chief.
But leave off the “N” in “Steven” and type in “ SteveFulop.com ,” and you’ll be directed to a Web site that has a large photo of Alfred E. Neuman, with a caption underneath that reads, “Give Me Money.” “Mature, right?” Mr. Fulop said.
Horrible” looks like a television show: a show with bite-size episodes and a slightly claustrophobic feel resulting from low budgets and rushed filming, but still a show, with a reasonably complex narrative and higher production values than other fictional Web series.
(The private guard making that young woman empty her belongings on the floor at the Newark checkpoint is a good example of a needless disruption.)
That is a stark contrast with the more than 6,000 reported to have attended the recent audition in Salt Lake City.
The punk house is a curious and sometimes beautiful habitat, the expression of a music scene and do-it-yourself culture that went underground decades ago, in an attempt to opt out of just about everything that smacked of the mainstream: cities, clubs, bars, alcohol, processed foods, agribusiness and the record companies, for example, not to mention all media larger than a photocopied zine.
A recent dinner for two — including a tender steamed sea bass with lemon and spices and a dessert of mango and sticky rice that will send you running to the treadmill — cost about $100 with beer but no wine.
It does let you freeze time, slow time down and even capture photos of sudden events that you’ve already missed.
Aimee Elizabeth Torres and Alejandro Alfonso Latorre were married on Saturday at the Church of St. Ignatius Loyola in Manhattan.
The vendors point to the federal and state governments, the federal agency points to the states, the states rely on the federal testing lab and the local officials are frequently hapless.
Researchers, social commentators and armchair psychologists have pored through Milgram’s data ever since, claiming psychological and cultural insights.
At a news conference, Liu admitted out loud what his countrymen were thinking.
era, including John J. Oros, who was chairman of a financial industry council that advised bank regulators during the savings and loan crisis.
SPUNTINO THREE 60 is a beautiful space.
“It’s leaking out as fast as it goes in and they’re all laughing at us.
“The only thing that has changed is we now refer to it as a ‘resort amenity fee,’ ” Mr. Cohen said.
The five men were all friends with Mr. Kauanui, defense lawyers say.
Kansas (37-3) won its third national championship, the first since 1988 (Danny Manning and Company over Oklahoma) and the first by Kansas Coach Bill Self, who was regarded as one of the best coaches never to win a title.
He told him: “Your dad is here with you.
Mr. Leuthold said his association’s members served consumers who had already stopped making payments and had no better options.
For tickets and more information: (914) 961-4546 or www.westchesterchorale.org .
“I think they got our message,” he told reporters after the meetings in Ankara.
In particular, landlords are said to be worried about rising vacancy rates and bracing for the possibility that some companies — especially financial firms — will be clearing out of excess space if the economy continues to deteriorate.
Sharks take years to reach sexual maturity and, unlike most other fishes, produce small numbers of young, making them particularly vulnerable to overfishing.
A week ago, Clivia Feliz was attacked by a sow with two cubs in Anchorage’s Far North Bicentennial Park.
Since 2001, the homicide rate in New York City has gone down by almost 18 percent and rapes by more than 25 percent.
Private plans can be a good deal for beneficiaries because they are required to use most of their subsidies to reduce premiums or add benefits.
Monster Cable, the leading maker of the high-end cables, argues that the cables are worth every penny.
The attack occurred the night of Jan. 17, 2002, as he was performing before about 180 guests at the David’s Palace banquet hall in Hadera, where a girl was celebrating her bat mitzvah.
Companies this year come from Gambia (Ceesay Kujabi and the Bachinab); Atlanta (Giwayen Mata); Harlem (LaRocque Bey School of Dance Theater); and Brooklyn (BAM/Restoration DanceAfrica Ensemble).
Sentencing was set for June 30.
May the survivors be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
J. P. Prince, who was questionable because of an injured shoulder, scored 14 points off the bench.
“I think she’s a lot brighter than people are giving her credit for.”
At the very least he suffered from obsessive-compulsive disorder, but some of his behaviors also suggest that, were his condition diagnosed today, he might be classified as someone with high-functioning Asperger’s syndrome.
“Call us what you want to call us and we’ll keep playing good old football.” Yet as much as Washington tried to play down the significance of the victory, it was pivotal in the ever-grueling National Football Conference East, where the Redskins and the Cowboys are each 3-1 (1-1 in the division) and tied for second behind the undefeated Giants, who were idle this week.
It headed toward a landfall Saturday as a Category 4 hurricane betweenCorpus Christiand Galveston.
If nobody blinks — and both studios are standing firm at this point — Paramount Pictures, Mr. Myers and “The Love Guru” will open that Friday against Warner Brothers, Steve Carell and the new movie version of “Get Smart” in a face-off of the kind that big companies with hundreds of millions of dollars at stake generally like to avoid.
Grade: 1.5 Salomon Kalou Entered the match for Malouda two minutes into extra time.
Oliver’s workhouse, Dickens writes, “contracted with the water-works to lay on an unlimited supply of water; and with a corn-factor to supply periodically small quantities of oatmeal; and issued three meals of thin gruel a day, with an onion twice a week, and half a roll on Sundays.” Based on this description, the researchers assumed that Oliver would have been given three pints of gruel a day.
But by starting to trim their output, they were trying to set the stage for a rebound in prices next year.
On Oct. 14, 2006, Sgt.
The sculpture will be on display in the drawing room of the mansion for a year.
... graduated magna cum laude from Yale, and earned her education doctorate from Temple.
Yet even as researchers rhapsodize about gaining the power to custom-design organisms that will supply us with rivers of cheap gasoline, better chemotherapeutic agents or — here’s my latest fantasy — a year-round supply of fresh eggnog, the most profound insights to emerge from the pursuit of synthetic life just may be about real life.
Amari Cheatom, dressed in a brown uniform, was persuasive as the soldier led astray, Ben Rappaport brought energy and clear diction to the role of the narrator, and Finn Wittrock worked his charm as a smooth and cunning Devil.
and he’s been their military leader, their spiritual leader and their political leader.” The agent wasn’t that interested in the back story.
But many reaching out are spiritual seekers, particularly Buddhists and meditation practitioners, who say her experience confirms their belief that there is an attainable state of joy.
The Bruins are tied with the Rangers at 76 points, but have sixth place by virtue of the tie-breaker.
The regional governor had issued a shoot-to-kill order in the city to quell the violence, which had erupted with sudden ferocity.
Cosey Fanni Tutti, a co-founder of the British punk band Throbbing Gristle, offers her work as a model in pornographic magazines and a performer in X-rated movies as an interventionist art designed to expose the marketing mechanisms and ideologies of the sexual entertainment industry.
It’s a great piece in my collections.” Mr. Cole’s inspiration for the orchid lamp was, if you can believe it, orchids.
Worse, everyone wanted to take a picture with us, the rare Western visitors, and our child, who was agreeable to everything except, as we found out, crowds.
That is a rarity in the last decade, and a welcome one.
Behind the long-anticipated deal are two sharply divergent views of the future of recorded music.
California has backed away from a controversial proposal to regulate hedge funds under strong opposition from its hedge fund industry.
If the agreement ultimately goes through, it would stand as a symbol of the deepening strategic ties between the United States and India, seen as a potential balancing power to a rising China.
That would leave an independent, publicly traded Yahoo with both the News Corporation and Time Warner as major holders.
Doesn’t matter what it was that my friend — let’s call him Mac — doesn’t matter what Mac had done to displease that fat old hag.
Currently, direct lending accounts for about 22 percent of student loan volume, down from 33 percent in the mid-1990s.
At least that is how Bibisoro Sayidova sees it, as she looks for ways to feed her five children, since her husband, a migrant worker in Russia , stopped receiving his wages this fall.
When Mr. Aviv asked him to clean up the movie’s language because “I’d like to be able to bring my daughter to it,” Mr. Aviv recalled.
Each league struggles to attract sponsorships, but opinions vary about whether the two should merge.
“I think it will go great, whichever team wins,” said Murat Yalcin, 33, who works at a cafe in Neukölln back in Berlin.
Criminal charges have been filed, insults traded and threats made.
The women take two buses to get to the Harry Blumenfeld Counseling Center, in Pelham.
On New Year’s Eve, a jazz band will join a D.J., and there will be games and events.
By comparison, the original was decidedly finer, the edges of each square finished with delicate thread work.
With tax revenues declining and operating conditions strained, local governments are encountering strong headwinds.
“If somebody is paying less,” said Mr. Bernard, the Babylon assessor, “then somebody is paying more.” Values also fluctuate from one community to another.
''The stage is set for a hostile bid to take over the whole company.''
Mikhail S. Gorbachev , the last Soviet president, said on Monday that Mr. Solzhenitsyn was “a man with a unique life story whose name will endure throughout the history of Russia.” “Severe trials befell Solzhenitsyn, as they did millions of other people in this country,” Mr. Gorbachev said in an interview with the Interfax news agency.
Leaving aside that part of the base who will find the conjuring of ghosts and dragons deeply suspicious, kids who already understand how stories work will see that this one doesn’t, and kids who don’t like stories won’t be persuaded otherwise.
According to witnesses at the crowded beach, two teenage girls were swimming together in waves about three feet high.
Snee, 26, will earn nearly $24 million in the first three years of the deal, the agent Tony Agnone said.
BRADLEY BROOKSHIRE Good, even competent, solo harpsichord playing is a scarce commodity in New York these days.
Price, a left-hander, threw hard and seemed sharp, retiring his first six batters until he ran into Jeter, who has spent this weekend reaffirming his reputation as the Yankees’ consummate professional.
“When he hits, our team seems to really respond and do well.
Even before Mr. O’Shea’s departure became public, Mr. Hiller had made it clear that Mr. Stanton was the leading candidate for the job, according to executives and journalists at the paper, who were granted anonymity because they feared retaliation for discussing its inner workings.
In public appearances here and in her economic booklet, she took aim at hedge fund managers, oil company profits, drug company subsidies and trade agreements that she says encourage companies to export jobs.
In the more contemplative passages, the music seems to hover as though holding its breath until the last second before a storm breaks.
Although the Rangers (26-22-6) have done almost nothing else consistently, they have completely frustrated the Devils (28-20-3) this season, beating them five times in five games.
When energy companies were profiting from record oil prices, BP, Shell, Chevron and Exxon Mobil continuously trumpeted their earnings growth.
Some called for an independent review of the case to reassure the public and assess policies on the handling of dangerous pathogens like anthrax.
Those who work the waterways around the city — the Coast Guard officers and the fishermen, the ferry operators and recreational boaters — are often the ones who alert police units to the sighting of a body.
In her garage strewn with cartons to be given away, Mrs. Harris shook her head.
Mr. Castaneda plays Jaime, an illegal immigrant and father who has lost one son and whose other children are embarrassed by him.
One might well be inclined, as Rieder is, to dwell on just what King meant by that, in light of the complex nature of the image of blacks in their own eyes as well as in whites’.
It will be a dramatic switch from his most recent housing situation, where he shared a house in Lincoln Park with other Obama staff members.
As Dr. Hewitt explained in the International Longevity Center-USA newsletter, skeletal muscles can only contract and thus are always arranged in pairs.
As your article points out, utilities can help their customers use less energy rather than build expensive new natural gas plants.
He invoked Paul Wellstone, the Minnesota senator who died in 2002, as he called citizens of all ages to action, saying, “This is part of that movement for change all across America.” As Mr. Obama raced from Idaho to Minnesota to Missouri on Saturday, Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton dashed through California, Arizona and New Mexico.
This is strongly opposed by industry, disaster-safety, taxpayer and environmental groups.
I had traveled in Germany and Austria with the 11 members of the United Nations Special Committee on Palestine.
That’s a good way of putting it.” Minaya may turn to Seattle’s Raúl Ibáñez or try to overwhelm Pittsburgh for Jason Bay, although the Pirates, having already dealt Nady, may not want to trade another outfielder.
Jean Delannoy, a French director of lavish mid-20th-century film dramas whose reputation suffered after he was publicly reviled by proponents of the New Wave as the ultimate anti-auteur, died Wednesday at his home in Guainville, France, west of Paris.
He later spent five years as chief of broadcast and new media for Nascar.
Ah well, that’s a subject for another time, and I’m shortly on my way to my next appointment and then tomorrow morning, to catch another plane.
The general age range is from the 30s to the 70s.
“All I wanted to do was watch CNN,” he said.
Other coalition nations lost a total of 40.
The first, Ares I, is to have its first test flight next year.
Instead, the past year and a half has borne the scandal-scarred resignations of Mr. Spitzer and the former comptroller, Alan G. Hevesi, the convictions of two Assembly members and some of the most secretive budget negotiations in memory.
Obama’s mantra of change helped win the election, And promised America a brand-new direction.
Joseph P. Collins, a longtime lawyer for Refco, also is separately facing criminal charges in the matter.
“I am not a candidate” amounts to stating an obvious fact of the moment, and nothing more.
“We still very much desire to work with the Russians to counter Iran’s growing ballistic missile threat.” Recent comments from Russian officials indicate that the Kremlin may be playing for time.
After the airstrike, militants from Gaza fired another barrage of rockets, hitting a house in Sderot.
“I figured, I’m from California — maybe we just don’t call it that out there,” Mr. Cunningham said.
provide guidelines on when “other than temporary” impairment charges needed to be taken on illiquid assets, and he asked that the S.E.C.
“Given his new exalted position in the Senate, he should follow the law.” Eric Friedman, a spokesman for the Campaign Finance Board, said that Mr. Espada had one of the 10 largest outstanding fines.
I knew I’d have to hand over my access card, and I wouldn’t be able to come in anymore.
Running time: 1 hour 25 minutes.
In choosing their targets, the gunmen spared neither rich nor poor, neither Westerners nor Indians.
“It hurts a lot.” Even after Wakefield was replaced, the play became more embarrassing for Boston.
His identity could not be confirmed.
 To the Editor: As the mother of a gay son who was mercilessly bullied throughout his school years, I feel for Billy Wolfe.
Knicks officials — implicitly acknowledging their mistake — shopped both Curry and Randolph before the February trading deadline.
Last year, Mr. Coicou said he felt uneasy because several of the men were “peeking” at him and he thought “they were going to go get whatever to do whatever.” But as he explained his actions on Wednesday, he said he never felt uneasy.
The top men, led by James Blake of the United States, have made it clear that they want to play Davis Cup in the week immediately after important individual tournaments.
Toward the end of the run, a guard, sitting on the back of a golf cart, pointed a video camera at me.
Mr. Christie will also conduct at 2 p.m. Saturday, when the program will include Schubert’s Octet, performed by musicians from the orchestra, followed by Copland’s Third Symphony.
1981 IN “THE GREAT MUPPET CAPER,” Miss Piggy is framed for a diamond heist, with Charles Grodin as her evil enchanter.
Most of her friends, she says, talk about leaving but never do.
She was loved dearly by her husband Richard and her children, Laura, David, Thomas and Jeanne.
Born in 1930, Sheik Saad was the eldest son of Sheik Abdullah al-Salem al-Sabah, the 11th emir of Kuwait.
The big increase in foreclosures — some 243,000 homes were in some stage of the process in April, according to RealtyTrac, up 65 percent from April 2007 — has gummed up the system.
INTERNATIONALA3-12 Unrest in Tibet May Turn Tides in Taiwan's Election Violent unrest in Tibet has created shock waves in another volatile region on China's periphery, shaking up the presidential election in Taiwan and sapping support for the candidate Beijing hoped would win handily.A1 Pope Rejects bin Laden Tape The Vatican rejected an audiotaped accusation from Osama bin Laden that Pope Benedict XVI was leading a ''new Crusade'' against Muslims, but Italian security officials were concerned about the threats included in Mr. bin Laden's message.
But the Treasury has indicated that the 52 banks already funded by the program have mostly used their investments -- $161.5 billion so far -- to bolster their balance sheets at a time when options for raising capital are slim.
''The answer is, No, it's not terrible.
With Josh Beckett (12-10, 4.03 E.R.A.)
“Enough to feed a family of eight,” said Frank Puleo, a caterer from Staten Island who has traveled to China to handle food-related issues.
(Chinen) STEVEN BERNSTEIN (Sunday) Revisiting music from his new album, ''Diaspora Suite'' (Tzadik), Mr. Bernstein, the versatile trumpeter, composer and arranger, leads a nine-piece group stocked with groove- literate players.
And yet as National Grange Month drew to a close on Tuesday, Mr. Orton, president of the New York State chapter, seemed oddly confident, convinced that the tide was turning and that the Grange, once the voice of America’s hard-pressed farmers, could still become the voice of America’s hard-pressed suburbanites and exurbanites.
Loving grandmother of Allison and Terence, Elizabeth, David, Sarah and Amanda.
Ms. Steinem was bothered by the magazine’s East Side orientation.
Against the scale of ruin and the potential for mass casualties, the number of deaths could be seen from some grim perspectives as actually quite low.
He was Director of Anesthesia at NY Downtown Hospital and Associate Professor of Medicine at NYU Medical School.
It was a nightmare that went on for years.” I got back into my car, turned the radio on as high as it would go, and continued toward Los Angeles.
The discovery was made when the H.P.
He also fixed his sights on a large piece of property: a row of warehouses along 10th Avenue between 13th and 14th Streets, adjacent to a derelict elevated railway track known as the High Line.
A second department e-mail message from Dr. Katz shown at the trial starts with “Shh!” and refers to the 12,000 veterans per year who attempt suicide while under department treatment.
The conversation quickly moved, as it usually does these days, to the importance of Hispanic voters in the Texas primary on March 4.
The military is also planning to revamp how it vets Pentagon-sponsored deals in the often murky world of foreign arms procurement.
Spiegelworld NYC 2008, Pier 17, South Street Seaport, Fulton and South Streets, Lower Manhattan,(212) 279-4200, spiegelworld.com .
I walked off the train and I was there, but not there.” Contributing to her pain, Ms. John explains, was an incident from months before.
By historic standards, close primary contests are not settled in early March.
“When assassins want to kill, they use helmets so they can’t be identified.” For that reason, Tabatinga informally prohibits the wearing of helmets on motorbikes, though it is not a written law, he said.
Calle Castilla 151; 011-34-954-333-935; entrees $12 to $22.
(Claudia La Rocco) ‘THE MARVELOUS WONDERETTES’ When the scheduled singers at a 1958 senior prom cancel, the title characters of this effervescent jukebox musical step in, and we’re lucky that they do.
There has been fighting in a camp on the outskirts of Pretoria where Somalis reportedly attacked displaced people from other countries.
Meanwhile, Mr. Ernst stayed on the line, asking the caller for a return phone number, but did not learn much more because the caller had observed the building from the outside.
Those two factors alone will cause housing to stabilize.” Second, he says five years will give the renters enough time to get their financial affairs in order — to pay down their various debts and save enough to make the 10 percent down payment an F.H.A.
The Nationals are 3-0 for the first time since 2003, when they were the Montreal Expos.
During his set he borrowed shifts, shakes and spins from Michael Jackson; they matched his melodies and arrangements, cribbed from the same pop legend.
And I know that when he was a candidate, he was asked many times, How could a New York City resident care about upstate?
Count your blessings that your boys have such a great gift.
In Galicia, the defending champion Real Madrid lost to Deportivo La Coruña, 2-1.
The report projected that if House seats were redistributed based on 2008 population estimates, Texas would gain three seats, while Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Nevada and Utah would all gain one seat.
That’s just the way it goes.” Outfielder Manny Ramírez said of the conflict: “I’m not here to see what the Devil Rays do.
The tree-sit had attracted attention well beyond Berkeley and its campus, where protests are as common as mid-terms.
He is slight and on the short side, with a mild-mannered face and surprised eyes framed by short, graying hair.
She had expected to pay $1,406 a month, but from the start of the loan she was presented with bills of $1,886, which she could not afford.
And it suggests likely areas of inquiry as federal prosecutors pursue their investigation of Council finances.
There was more to see, but Ry had things to do, so he left me in the care of the lanky, affable Mister Jalopy — “a very interesting individual,” Ry said.
In addition, voting for school board members would be combined with the general election in November.
In interviews, classmates of the two boys at E. O.
“No more decorating, no more vacations, no more heavy-duty spending,” he said with a sigh.
I don’t think it’s appropriate for a big magazine from the East to come in and pretend nothing happened.” He added, “There will be something sort of liberating about ordering Chinese food and watching the Oscars in bed.” The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has pledged that the Oscars will go on, and it has asked the writers not to picket given recent progress in contract talks.
(Mr. Obama later clarified his statement, saying Jerusalem’s status would need to be negotiated between Israelis and Palestinians.)
His substitute for Tuesday and for March 22, when the show will be broadcast live on radio and in movie theaters, has not been announced.
/ A way of taking care of myself.” Among the many possible responses to Calle’s work, what emerges most clearly is that hers is a very contemporary instance of personal mythologizing, of using the material of her own life as paradigmatic.
It said reduced marketing budgets had taken a bite out of its online advertising business, sending its net income for the third quarter tumbling by 64 percent.
It will take a while to establish a critical mass of drivers and passengers, Mr. O’Sullivan acknowledged.
Hamilton won this event in 1998 and 2003.
There are now 450 million cell phones in China.
The math is simple: Children will have a lot more years to pay back student loans than we will to make up shortfalls in our 401(k) accounts.
Respuiescat in Pace, Old Friend, Rest in Peace.
Anheuser-Busch has continued to deny that it was marketing its products to under-age consumers.
Not only will the games be televised at the same time (the hockey on Versus is scheduled to start 30 minutes earlier), but they will be played only 32 miles apart: hockey at the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit, basketball at the Palace of Auburn Hills.
He graduated from the University of Illinois, served in the Army in World War II, and went on to earn a law degree from New York University, afterward taking a job with a law firm that paid $40 a week.
What if “eating local” in Shanghai or New York meant getting your fresh produce from five blocks away?
“The concern for me, well, America has grown to a point,” she said.
In other words, if a tour guide and his flock are in there, wait till they've gone.
In her defense, Mrs. Whitman argued that as a public official she was entitled to immunity because her conduct had not violated anyone’s constitutional rights.
“We are investigating the hospital’s failure to notify us, as required by law,” Paul J. Browne, the Police Department’s chief spokesman, said Monday evening.
“We were lucky in that the property was only lightly contaminated,” said Steve Santola, explaining that dumping ceased in the 1970s and cleanup began six years ago.
Indeed, losses accelerated throughout the day, with a flurry of selling in the final hour of trading.
The government has “reached the end of the line,” Senator Renato Schifano, who is with Mr. Berlusconi’s party, Forza Italia, said before the vote was taken to eject Mr. Prodi.
“They said, ‘There but for the grace God go we.
In recent years, in the wake of stone-throwing and several drive-by shootings, Israel has blocked Palestinians’ access to the road.
Page 9 STRAP IN AND PONY UP Airline travel stands to lose yet another luxury, at least on U.S. Airways.
To release that much energy, a meteor 1,250 miles wide — almost as large as Pluto — would have slammed into Mars at some 20,000 miles per hour.
So the closer who protects the three-run lead in the ninth is credited with only 0.035 wins — the difference between the 96.5 percent likelihood of victory when he entered and the 100 percent when he left — while the setup man keeping a game tied in the eighth gets 0.113 wins, for increasing his team’s odds of victory from 36.5 percent to 47.8 percent.
“Right now, we’re at the stage where we’re going to wait until the investigation plays out and get all the facts,” Mara said.
They are familiar with their predecessor: before the 2004 season, the Houston Astros signed Roger Clemens and Andy Pettitte, who both pitched for the Yankees the previous year.
“When people see our menu it gets them to give us a try,” Mr. Gong said, adding that he would tell his delivery workers to check for a sign before leaving menus in a building.
This German-made one has a long ergonomically designed handle.
After a slow start this year because of the aid suspension, the United States and the United Nations are feeding almost half of Zimbabwe’s population this month.
She said she will use the song's proceeds to support green businesses in Iceland, as she is doing with the venture capital fund.
The Tiki, the drink I ordered, is one of four sensory cocktails to make their debut this month at Zeta.
Panicking in the rain, I put my chain back on, straightened my handlebars and made sure my bike was ready to ride before I climbed back on and raced to catch the pack before it crossed the finish line.
Her burnished tone and carefully shaped lines invariably went directly to the heart of an aria, and although all the singers ornamented the repeats inventively, Ms. Cooke’s embellishments were expressive rather than merely showy.
Hikers cross the Arizona Avenue Trestle and pass through the Foundry Branch Tunnel before ending at the Thompson Boat Center.
Michael Blaine Jefferson, N.Y., Jan. 10, 2008  To the Editor: Thank you for publishing Andrew Kohut’s excellent commentary on why the polls predicted an Obama victory in New Hampshire (“Getting It Wrong,” Op-Ed, Jan. 10).
The surfing population during this time skyrocketed from a few thousand to an estimated half-million, and the sport earned — or endured, depending on your point of view — a long embrace from the culture at large, with surf music hits by Dick Dale, the Ventures and the Beach Boys; the rise of department-store-stocked surf wear brands like Hang Ten; and a long string of frothy Hollywood-made “Beach Party”-style movies (along with the far more authentic “Endless Summer”).
Normally, price disparities like these are quickly exploited by arbitrage traders who buy goods in the cheap market and sell them in the expensive one.
Mr. Obama also named Daniel H. Pfeiffer as his deputy communications director.
In 1968 he won an Emmy for his work on “I Spy.” “He was one of the first guys to be tunelike in his scoring,” said Mike Post, who has written themes and scores for “ NYPD Blue,” “L.A.
At least one belongs to an energy company, and several are owned by developers or homeowners’ associations.
Last time I checked, he was still innocent.” After his arrest bail for Mr. Vilar was set at $10 million.
Leaders of Greenpeace also decided to help its audience prioritize environmental concerns, said Kate Smolski, a senior legislative coordinator.
His keen insight, writing ability, and oratory skills, not to mention his professional integrity, earned him praise from judges and justices throughout the nation.
On Tuesday, Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner and Defense Minister Hervé Morin will testify before a special joint session of the foreign and defense committees of the lower house of Parliament on France ’s Afghanistan policy.
Phil Spector , the Hall of Fame producer behind hit songs like “Da Doo Ron Ron” and “Be My Baby,” went on trial again Wednesday, a year after jurors could not agree whether to convict him of second-degree murder in the shooting death of an actress at his estate.
(The initiative has since died.)
By the July 7 deadline, the couple had not found a lender willing to give them a mortgage.
A large expansion would yield similar benefits, the report argued.
But the stakes have been magnified by the current tumult on Wall Street.
The exact cause was not immediately known, but an official said chemicals in the four-story building helped spread the flames.
Roe’s spindly 6-foot-2, 170-pound frame, his sharp facial features and his penchant for telling stories in backcountry tones suggested he was something of a hillbilly.
The items in the show were chosen from 319 entries in a juried competition — also co-sponsored by the Neuberger and the Furniture Society — that invited studio furniture makers, artists, architects and industrial designers to submit full-scale prototypes of any type of furniture in any kind of material.
“The only thing I’m disappointed with is I didn’t leave three to four years earlier.” In the autumn of 2005, Mr. Eisner worked his last day as chief executive of Disney.
For a large portion of these years, I was unwilling to look at reality in all its depth.” He said that maintaining sovereignty over an undivided Jerusalem, Israel’s official policy, would involve bringing 270,000 Palestinians inside Israel’s security barrier.
“‘Step one,’ said the Flyers’ president, who began talking about the whole building thing because that is what club executives do — build and scheme and then see their plans set aflame by bad injuries and bad bounces.
Congress has prodded all parties involved to develop a plan to tap the gas since at least the 1970s, but the private sector has been unwilling to assume the huge cost of building a pipeline without considerable government tax breaks and other concessions.
...” On aid to Africa: “In tackling the development agenda, we will take a multifaceted approach, promoting synergies among M.D.G.-related development sectors.
Increasingly it is looked upon from outside with dismay or alarm.
The army turned Joseph’s Tomb into a fortified post, and a small yeshiva continued to operate there.
For a while last year, Kurdish peshmerga forces transferred down from northern Iraq and patrolled the area near Khalid’s home.
Late in the day, authorities were removing boxes of files from the offices.
“It might seem counterintuitive,” said Antoine Halff, head of commodities research at Newedge, a brokerage firm, “but OPEC should be increasing its production now that prices are dropping.
“The participants in the talks arrived at an agreement on the level of shareholders, without the involvement of third parties, such as the government,” deputy prime minister Igor I. Sechin said in a statement released by the Russian partners.
Interior Ministry officials said 14 people were killed.
Puff along for a group appearance on the “Today” show on NBC in 1998.
At the company, there is tacit admission that despite the bad economic conditions that could easily be held accountable, the company had gotten away from its early real estate magic.
By then, the store was sold out, so the stove will not be delivered until October at the earliest.
“If it doesn’t fundamentally mess up your work or social life, it’s among the normal variants.” Relief — or heightened anxiety — can come with a better sense of one’s genetic risk.
The Cushmans added that they’re also fond of playing Jimi Hendrix, Jimmy Cliff, Patsy Cline and Muddy Waters.
Bob Dylan, below, has joined the lineup of the Third Annual Virgin Mobile Festival at the Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore on Aug. 9 and 10.
Researchers there are testing the technique in animals for prostate, colon, lymphoma and brain tumors .
Instead, Gross singled to center, Gomes rumbled home with the winning run in a 2-1 victory, and the Rays landed in uncharted waters: leaders in the East division with the best record in the American League.
I avoid farmed salmon for other reasons.
A windmill atop a landfill-turned-recreation area circulates water in a nearby pond.
CARTOONS (CARTOONS BY MIKE LUCKOVICH, Atlanta-Journal Constitution, Creators Syndicate; Matt Davies The Journal News, Tribune Media Services; Nick Anderson Houston Chronicle, Washington Post Writers Group; Mike Peters Dayton Daily News, King Features Syndicate)
Yet you hardly notice, for meanwhile the soloist is passing around the stage as if listening to the sounds of the night and opening her arms to the moon.
David Hayden Wilton, Conn., Dec. 12, 2008  To the Editor: Martin Lindstrom reports the results of a study in which all subjects were smokers.
I’ll try to make a brief but clear summary of some of these important types of kisses: Aristotelian kiss: a kiss performed using techniques gained solely from theoretical speculation untainted by any experiential data by one who feels that the latter is irrelevant anyway.
And though it is an English-language film (albeit a heavily accented one), “Forbidden Kingdom” is a faithful and disarmingly earnest attempt to honor some venerable and popular Chinese cinematic traditions.
He finished at 14-under 274 for a one-shot victory over Martin Kaymer, who closed birdie-birdie-eagle for a 66.
Natasja Saad In June, when the Afro-Danish dancehall reggae singer Natasja Saad was killed in a car crash in Jamaica, few American listeners knew who she was.
She had been vice president and account director at the Boston office of Media Contacts, part of the Havas Digital unit of Havas Media, a division of Havas.
Five of the wounded are in critical condition, said Zalmay Ayobi, spokesman for the governor of Kandahar.
Absolutely -- just as I'm sure many of you have heard remarks from your pastors, priests or rabbis with which you strongly disagreed.
The other major protective device is the base isolator, the first of which was developed by Jack Yaghoubian, a local engineering consultant, in collaboration with Mr. Podany.
, a multimedia exhibition on life in New York City by graduate students, at Columbia University, Low Library Rotunda, 116th Street and Broadway, Morningside Heights; part of events sponsored by the Theoretical Archaeology Group, an organization that promotes debate and discussion of issues in archaeological theory.
Just find the loudest shirt, and there he is.
“I wanted to persuade people to go and see things that I myself liked.” The art historian John Richardson said that Mr. Russell “did a huge amount for English art at the time,” adding, “He helped English art climb out of its pre-1939 provincialism and put it on the map.” A reflection of his taste and influence can be seen in the book “Private View,” a comprehensive survey of the British scene in the mid-1960s, written with Bryan Robertson and featuring photographs by Lord Snowdon.
The wait was at the Bleecker Playground, on half an acre at Hudson Street in the West Village, of which Adrian Benepe, city parks commissioner, says, “There’s no playground in the city more crowded than Bleecker.” Local parents heartily agree.
But several other storeowners who are closed on Saturdays would not explain why, saying they feared retribution in the form of a boycott if they did.
It’s hard to be part of the upkeep of perfection.
Although Mr. Libby has not applied for a pardon through Justice Department channels, there is nothing that would bar Mr. Bush from using his constitutional authority to grant one.
Lighting 100 candles would surely have violated the fire safety code.
I feel in more danger from lawless cyclists than from cars.
A pleasant dip was one adult expectation that went unmet.
A senior partner at Bell Donnelly Architects & Planners in New York City, he designed the renovation of the Manhattan School of Music with, as he put it, “nowhere near enough money” and fused together five buildings that had different architectural styles and varying floor levels for the Council on Foreign Relations headquarters on East 68th Street.
“Most veterans in our league have had their day and chased the idea of being a star, and now they’ve fallen back to whatever they really are.
Mr. Sheeler took one of the great underreported stories of the Iraq war and brought it to light.
Ashe, who also won the United States Amateur Championship and helped the American team claim the Davis Cup that year, ended a 13-year title drought by American men at Forest Hills.
“But please note that I am not asking for Hangabehi to step down.
Discover Financial Services recently started advertising its “paydown planner,” an online calculator that shows cardholders how to reduce their balances within a certain time frame or by making specific monthly payments.
For two years Mr. Gibson, a conservative commentator, has hosted a three-hour radio program for Fox News Radio immediately following his television show.
Even the early reactions to the handsoaps came from the creeped-out, she says: they said, “They’re awful, I would never want them.” Yet the more the handsoaps were highlighted online, the more they sold — and the more they were highlighted elsewhere.
With a victory Sunday in Game 4 of their first-round Western Conference playoff series, the Spurs can make it four out of six.
But this has also been a site of tremendous discord, a tangible reminder of how fractured the city really is.
And some clear period markers are evident.
He wasn’t certain what normal was, but he checked a book and realized that it was low.
In Westchester, there has been a virtual freeze in the number of Section 8 housing vouchers the county receives for poor families in struggling neighborhoods like some of those in Yonkers.
The climactic production, which occupies the film’s last 20 minutes, is a garish hodgepodge in which “Hamlet” is run through a time machine to bring the characters back to life and give it a happy ending.
“We were the only two people there, so we had to talk to each other,” Mr. Brown said.
Father-in-law of F. Frank Isik, M.D.
She plays True, a budding fashionista who gets her big break while selling sandwiches from a cooler in the lobby of an office building: she happens to be wearing one of the designs of a clothing mogul who walks by, and he asks her to be vice president in charge of his youth line.
No charge, no fuss, no formality.
I’m one of those who had a few sleepless and dangerous nights and days in 1962 going to Moscow to see and listen to Benny Goodman.
Acted with undeniable verve by a big ensemble (itself a rarity in Broadway dramas these days), this Steppenwolf production allows theatergoers to feel they’ve experienced a Significant Play without being in any way challenged.
“But I’m like such a fan of his.
“Why wait for me to be in foreclosure?” he asked.
The study also recommended caution since there was a dearth of reliable information about their effectiveness.
BLEFELD--Dorothy J. , of Melville, formally of Cedarhurst, on June 13, 2008.
Westchester Broadway Theater, 75 Clearbrook Road.
Among those on the list of 20, Indian and American officials said, is an organized-crime boss, Dawood Ibrahim, who was implicated in serial bombings in Mumbai in 1993.
The next day, “There were 22 rings from 22 glasses.” The marble had to be sanded and resealed.
At a news conference on Sunday, Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly said people had been throwing bottles at each other before the shooting.
On Thursday, Moody’s Investors Service lowered its rating on the bond insurer Security Capital Assurance.
A new “skin rejuvenator” shower might rejuvenate the industry, too.
“If they couldn’t afford to finance that stadium on their own, they shouldn’t be leaving Giants Stadium.”
The public will have 60 days to comment.
The Marlins (23-17) have a developing rotation and a solid bullpen, but a suspect defense.
To the Editor: Re “A $10 Mosquito Net Is Making Charity Cool” (front page, June 2), about grass-roots charities providing insecticide-treated mosquito nets for those at risk from malaria: Increasing awareness of, and fund-raising for, malaria control is very welcome.
CASH--Richard Lee, 87, died peacefully August 1, 2008.
I shall miss him terribly and will remember him with great fondness each day of my life.
Plague is caused by a bacterium called Yersinia pestis, and it is usually transmitted to humans by fleas; flea-infested rats caused the 14th-century epidemic.
When pitching commonwealth on the mainland, Muñoz — an artist of words and imagery who also enjoyed a drink or two — would observe that Puerto Rico is the olive in the American martini.
In addition to voting on the top teams each week, fans predict the winners of 10 specified games.
But their value is as mysterious as ever.
never gave a plausible explanation for why it destroyed the tapes from the initial investigation, which began after a Patriots employee was caught filming the Jets’ defensive signals during a Sept. 9 game.
Mr. Flores, who was both economy and finance minister in the Allende government, spent three years in military concentration camps.
Pettitte has a superb pickoff move, but he did not expect Gomes to steal, as he did in the second and fourth innings.
As the first component of a yearlong partnership with Google , the company is holding a “Will You Marry Me?” contest to find the season’s most intriguing marriage proposal.
Eiland has already begun studying videotapes of Sabathia’s starts from 2008 with the Indians and the Milwaukee Brewers, whom he led into the postseason by going 11-2.
“They didn’t.” Yet there are also signs here that Florida Crystals remains a company in transition, unsure of how green to go.
men to at least learn how to turn on the stove; from there, many of them took to cooking enthusiastically (some, no doubt, because so many gadgets are involved).
Some book groups evolved from sewing circles, which “gave women a chance to exercise their intellect and have a social gathering,” said Rachel W. Jacobsohn, author of “The Reading Group Handbook,” which gives a history of the format plus dos and don’ts for modern hosts.
For someone supposedly in a heap of trouble, Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton is looking pretty relaxed these days.
They invariably include a sentence like this one, from a letter he sent last month: “To begin with, I am completely, absolutely and totally innocent of this vicious crime.” While he was being searched, a correction captain, Michael Ambrosino, stood by, and spoke of trying to imagine himself as Mr. Wagstaffe.
Who knows?” She added, “It’s a scary time.” Whether speaking at the Palisades strategy session or in the weeks since, arts advocates have discussed a number of ideas to improve the odds for artists over the short and long term.
I work freelance jobs on my off time to catch up with bills.
In real life, of course, Obama knows how to throw an elbow and get his hands dirty.
Oil prices dropped by $16 in four days.
(“There is one kosher Thai restaurant, in Florida,” she said wistfully.)
Old shopping lists tucked in its pages show me how long I’ve used it — I no longer buy either beer or Pampers, for instance.
Revenue growth — a key to successful I.P.O.’s — required sustained increases in military spending.
J. WILLIAM MEES Pepperell, Mass.
China has gone to extraordinary lengths to spruce up its image before next month’s Olympics: shuttering factories to reduce air pollution, mopping up algae in sailing waters, harassing critics and threatening journalists.
The so-called commercial area of the space is at the heart, with a sprawl of smaller units around the fringes, like the lower edges of the city or suburbia.
“I can relate to that and I know I can be back there,” Webb said.
The privileges have angered the country’s two other main ethnic groups: Malaysian citizens of Chinese and Indian descent.
In this weekend’s Times, there’s an interesting article on Darlington , Nascar’s first superspeedway.
More unsettling yet for politicians in London, the defeat came at the hands of the separatist Scottish National Party, which supports independence for Scotland.
Three groups have gone after Mr. Schaffer, spending about $1.4 million.
“We’ve sold almost all of the single-family specs that we had built up,” he said.
Mr. Scruggs’s father pleaded guilty to a role in the conspiracy last week and faces up to five years in prison.
Today it has six — far fewer, but nothing close to zero.
Mr. Russert also said Mrs. Clinton had canceled a round of morning TV interviews.
Sales have plummeted, and no one knows when these customers will be back.
“Been there, done that.” This is the latest steeply graded curve in the long, strange trip that is Mr. Lieberman’s career.
Thirty-two percent of Internet users are members of a social network, according to a survey by the Pew Research Center, but only 10 percent of those members regularly receive news through the sites.
NASSAU and Suffolk Counties’ victory against the United States Census Bureau to have their population counts increased will result in more federal and state money for programs there, officials from both counties say.
“I’m looking at the opportunity to complement our manned airplanes with an increased amount of unmanned attack platforms — the Reaper — so that I get persistence overhead at a lower overall cost,” General North said.
At 6 p.m., Carnegie Hall, (212) 247-7800, carnegiehall.org; $20 to $80.
“We weren’t there,” Mr. Pelz-Paget said, “but we were lucky it wasn’t freezing winter.” They also report an encounter with the Connecticut Yankee concept of time.
But it is unlikely to be the last word in what has become a contentious legal battle over the company, which is the largest radio broadcaster in the United States.
They used statements from dozens of witnesses, including the troopers who were in the farmhouse that morning.
But when Stephen Kovacevich played the work on Thursday, it felt as if he were whispering a bedtime story, inviting the audience to share memories almost too private to reveal.
Since what Silber values as a novelist is generosity and abundance, it’s good she didn’t ask me.
The initial timetable was to renovate the 1920s bathhouses this year, with the goal of having them ready for the museum by the fall of 2009, said Susan Tolchin, chief adviser for Mr. Spano.
Suggested admission: $9; $5 for students and 62+; free for children under 12 and for everyone on Sundays, 10 a.m. to noon; $20 for families.
As part of the takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the Treasury said it would extend secured, short-term funding to the home loan banks.
“Using Josh Hamilton as an example: in his very first year in the American League, he’s putting up huge numbers playing in the Western division, but everybody on the East Coast knows who he is, and he got voted in.
He buys propane canisters when he visits the Hamptons because they are hard to find in Manhattan.
“So at the president’s request, I’m moving forward.” The Democratic chairmen of the Congressional education committees, Senator Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts and Representative George Miller of California, expressed tepid support for some of the proposed changes, although Mr. Miller called several of them “unhelpful.” A Democratic aide on Mr. Miller’s committee said they included new rules related to a federally financed after-school tutoring program, a hotly debated topic when Congress sought to rewrite the law last year.
You can do the right thing and still have an extremely profitable company.”
Beers even more energized than usual, at least if measured by how many times he dropped one of his favorite words, “awesome,” into the conversation.
Critics say that by relying too heavily on the two companies to pull the country out of its housing slump, the administration postponed longer-term problems.
Carolina Milanesi, a research director in London for Gartner, the research firm, says she thinks the microprojectors are most likely to appeal to business travelers who, for example, could use them to beam PowerPoint shows from their smartphones.
This led to the now widely accepted theory that the consequences of an asteroid impact had wiped out the dinosaurs.
“All the time,” he said, grinning.
Could Bob Barr be another spoiler in the general election?
That argument is becoming harder to sustain.
But by midday Saturday, neither story line was getting big play on television; a communications expert on “Today” on NBC even gave Mr. Obama credit for his reference to the bracelet.
“We have a mantra of supporting those who supported us in the past,” Mr. Lynch said.
Bruce, a former Pro Bowl player who recently turned 36, had 6 catches for 70 yards, including a 13-yard reception on a crossing route on third-and-9 in the fourth quarter.
That makes the current production by New Georges something of a surprise, because the company has found new delights in one of the most familiar seasonal stories of all: the saga of Bill and Hillary Rodham Clinton .
Two of their three stars were as bad as James was.
Instead, the book (slender but not emaciated at 215 pages) has an elaborate cobweb of plot that might challenge the classic Victorian novels in the departments of contrivance, implausibility and sentimentality.
“No, no,” he said softly.
Snorkeling beside the boat, snatching samples of the eelgrass that remains, and the algae that is choking it, was a young botanist working on Mr. McLain’s latest project.
“Um, I’m an aggressive driver,” Padilla said.
Born July 11, 1925 in Cambridge, Massachusetts to the late Mark Shain and Rose Weis.
(Johnson) ★ AL HELD An awesome blast of light, color, space and geometry awaits visitors to this exhibition of six paintings dating from 1979 to 1985 by Mr. Held (1928-2005).
But in this complex, four-month trial, government lawyers and French environmental groups argued that Total had ignored safety regulations and its own rules.
During those same years, Britain’s national suicide rate dropped by nearly a third, and it has remained close to that reduced level ever since.
“They hated me.” The insurgents were testing the new captain, he suspected, by deliberately shooting from homes.
They represented two groups of bettors.
On the contrary, he is the victim in this case.” The Ronaldo incident is not the first time expectations about a soccer player’s sexuality have stirred controversy.
Tell me what it is.” He sobbed unconvincingly.
Obviously it’s very tempting, but it would be an awful thing for kids.” Also on Monday, the union released an analysis suggesting that the city had misspent some of the $152.7 million in new state money meant to lower class sizes.
Kellogg’s has been trying to reformulate its Pop-Tarts, for example, but has not succeeded in creating a better-for-you version.
: 13 –- WR Earl Bennett (Chicago Bears), S Corey Chavous (St. Louis Rams), QB Jay Cutler (Denver Broncos), OL Justin Geisinger (Washington Redskins), LB Jonathan Goff (Giants), DE Jovan Haye (Tampa Bay Buccaneers), LB Hunter Hillemeyer (Chicago Bears), LB Shelton Quarles (Tampa Bay Buccaneers), LB Matt Stewart (Arizona Cardinals), OT Chris Williams (Chicago Bears), CB Jimmy Williams (Houston Texans), LB Jamie Winborn (Denver Broncos), TE Todd Yoder (Washington Redskins).
And I can even hop on a jet ski .
In his video, he dropped Quiznos and Subway sandwiches onto the ground, and it was Subway’s that needed “medical attention,” as he termed it.
Don and Jackie Gregory have watched D. J., their second son, overcome every obstacle since he was born 10 weeks premature.
“Another volunteer was standing outside.
“We’re surrounded by police, and there are more coming to meet us,” she said.
There were years of rot and neglect under a previous owner, and a move by the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development , which had seized the properties in 2000, to tear them down.
After days on the boat, Mai, the teenage heroine of this story, realizes that she now understands why her father — who spent five years fighting the Communists and two years in a re-education camp — tried to live on the surface, in the now of the moment, not looking backward or inside: “Because beneath the surface was either dread or delirium.
“I couldn’t understand her,” said Mr. Berkowicz, a 32-year-old accountant.
In 2005, Congress, led by Senator John McCain, a Republican who had been tortured in a North Vietnamese prison camp, banned the military from using harsh methods.
“No, you’re killing me,” Mr. Parker responded, she said.
Mr. McCain was asked whether the surge was a winning issue for Republicans in 2008.
The movie begins and ends with the same ambiguous scene of her eventual wedding day, when her young son fights with another boy who sneers at him for having two fathers.
Viswanathan manages to present a great many characters with some skill.
That’s what our stance has always been.” Not counting the tour guides, the museum has an annual budget of $4.5 million and about 48 employees, including 13 managers and 8 part-time maintenance workers, Mr. Eng said.
The case, Wyeth v. Levine, No.
Even the guy who is not getting the stat is important in the whole function of the team and the goal that is being made.
We have our regular speaking voices, and then we have our sexual voices.
John Rechy might be called the first bard of West Hollywood.
In 2003, the environmental agency refused to set emission levels for heat-trapping gases because of what it called “substantial scientific uncertainty” about their effects and the best way to deal with them.
“There is one in the Petit Trianon at Versailles and another, a gift to Louis XV, at the Detroit Institute of Arts.” Asked about the eggs, Mr. Clarke said, “Fantastic French things only go up in value, and royal pieces tend not to move up and down with fashion because they always interest collectors.” The estimate is $300,000 to $500,000.
Some big customers, like factories, may voluntarily shut down on peak use days.
“It just opened my eyes to this whole new sport that was going down,” he said.
Con Edison alleged that a sealant used by Team Industrial Services , a contractor hired by the utility to prevent leaks, clogged steam traps designed to remove condensation from steam pipes.
It was their first season in San Antonio after playing in Dallas as the Chaparrals.
Housing prices would steepen further, creating more defaults, less consumer spending and lower tax revenues.
UnitedHealth shares fell 5.6 percent, to $51.38.
At 8 and 9 p.m., Cedar Lake Theater, 547 West 26th Street, Chelsea, (212) 868-4444, smarttix.com ; $10.
The thing that I love about this team is that I probably didn’t have to do that because I think we all knew that we wasted a golden opportunity.
The upper two floors are occupied by the Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum, which pays homage to the region’s rich sports heritage.
Two months to 10 weeks after a horse comes in, he will be close to being ready to run, assuming there have been no problems along the way.
In what was probably a first, a Bentley press document included the words “intensively farmed algae.” Don’t get mad that I love overpowered cars like the Corvette ZR1.
Mr. Follieri’s descent from Manhattan’s highest social perches began this summer when he was arrested at his Trump Tower apartment just days after Ms. Hathaway broke off their relationship.
But the technical details of the law and the Constitution were only part of a free-wheeling discussion lasting nearly two hours in which the seven justices repeatedly interrupted the lawyers, demanding that they parse and defend their positions.
“I know that’s hard for a lot of people to understand.
My last gig was a publicity stunt for a publicity stunt: I was told to deliver a song-and-dance greeting to the Anheuser-Busch Clydesdales on their visit to Austin, Tex.
Yet relaxation also is a mysterious state and hard to describe.
Mr. Gregory started anchoring the early evening hour, then named “Race for the White House,” last March.
Was Google less committed to this deal than Yahoo?
Those documents included passports, national identity cards and family registration booklets from five of the six members of the Chinese women’s team that won six medals here, including the team gold.
A pacifist, an educator, a writer and a philosopher.
National health spending first exceeded $1 trillion in 1995.
Looming over the various disputes is a maritime boundary dispute in which both countries are squaring off at the International Court of Justice at The Hague.
This year, for the 2008-9 television season, the networks are betting on a panoply of pod-busters — unconventional content meant to entice viewers to pay attention during the commercial breaks, which are also called pods.
Say what you want about bankers, but they at least are good at parroting the markets.
The portfolio had an excellent performance in 2007 — when many others did not — and its manager, Harry Lange, is very well thought of.
“Officer Nick McDonald went through the back door, behind the screen, and stood on the stage.
Mr. McClure told Reuters that the decision on the split was a culmination of ArvinMeritor’s three-year restructuring in which it closed unprofitable plants and shed its emissions unit, replacement auto parts business and other operations.
Philip LaBonte, Michigan Army National Guard (Detroit); Cpl.
He has come a long way from the unmotivated 12-year-old who began rowing in 1991 for the Norwalk River Rowing Association.
He kept his unforced errors to a minimum despite playing much closer to the baseline than his increasingly frustrated opponent.
Take-Two disclosed in its Schedule 14D-9 that it has received indications of interest from other parties “but no substantive discussions with respect thereto have yet occurred.” This is a tease, and presumably Take-Two is saying that no discussions have taken place because of its moratorium.
The yield, which moves in the opposite direction from the price, fell to 2.55 percent, from 2.66 percent late Wednesday.
On Earth Day, April 22, W Hotels Worldwide ( www.whotels.com ) will do its part to curb carbon footprints by introducing a program that will provide guests with free Puma bicycles and helmets, as an alternative to cars.
“We are not afraid of using the world to further our goal and tasks,” Mr. Lightstone said.
Put her on the ticket as vice president, or at least ask her to consider it.
“We met and hit it off,” Mr. Herson said.
The audio quality of the digital broadcast is as good as the satellite channels’, and there is no subscription charge.
Michael Slackman, the reporter who spent three weeks with Nader and his cousin Enad, said he would not have reported the incident if Nader, who was engaged to Enad’s sister Sarah, had gone through with it.
This is why Mr. Obama should not give credence to the existence of an Islam that could supposedly be represented by its “leaders.” Who are these leaders that President Obama would convene anyway?
During the protests, several Chinese flags were burned.
Mr. Shiffler also expects a new surge of replacement desktop purchases in the next few years.
I didn’t want to be teased.
That is part of the business of banking.
(Smith) MUSEUM OF MODERN ART: 'JAN DE COCK: DENKMAL 11, MUSEUM OF MODERN ART, 11 WEST 53 STREET, NEW YORK, 2008,' through April 14.
The men ended up resigning.
But Mr. Hiaasen finished heroically, with some brilliant shots on the back nine and pars on 16, a 200-yard par 3 and the par-4 17th.
It’s about culture in the end.
Mr. Rinaldo, a moderate Republican, chose not to seek re-election in 1992 after serving 20 years in the United States House of Representatives , citing increasing partisan rancor and his frustration over being in the minority party.
A political campaign could test spots of a candidate discussing the environment or the economy; if an environmental spot is popular in Pennsylvania, that might help decide what the candidate stumps about there.
Mr. Mohammed managed to get the reference through the censor twice.
Reflecting on her victory in the Pennsylvania primary, Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton on Wednesday neatly summed up the chief political rationale of her enduring candidacy.
Just consider the current debate about how to reduce home foreclosures.
Advocates of the rule say the F.D.A.
Wildcats fans were still filtering in as the starting lineups were being introduced.
Furthermore, analog degrades gradually, with the picture displaying snow or ghosts (image echoes) as the signal becomes weaker.
In a way the group stacked the deck on the orchestral question too.
The bridegroom, 32, is a first-year fellow in gastroenterology at Stanford.
Collapsing pickup sales were a primary reason that Detroit plummeted to its lowest market share ever last year, taking just 51 percent of American sales, versus 49 percent for its foreign rivals, according to an Autodata estimate.
The successes are far outnumbered by places that still face calamity on the scale of that seen in Sichuan, he and others said.
A sign behind the bar reminded bartenders that “hair and nails must be done.” A disk jockey repeatedly told customers that they must have a drink in their hands at all times.
It had been nearly 24 minutes between the original play and the redrawing of the slightly, if notably, inaccurate red line.
Mr. Gadhia, Mr. Holtzman and Mr. Hargreaves, who was ABN’s head of mergers and acquisitions for Europe, the Middle East and Africa, will be based in London.
These were elite players, but from one end of the field to the other, Silvers pointed out girls she judged to have insufficient core muscle strength, balance or overall coordination to play safely.
If the brain couldn’t distinguish between movements of the viewer and movements of the view, if every time you turned around or walked across the room the scenery appeared to smear or the walls to lurch your way, you soon might cease to move at all, uncertain of external threats, unaided by any internal compass marked You.
Or should there be more of a standard set?
3.Set a cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat until it begins to smoke.
Mr. Solinsky, 54, works in Manhattan as the director of finance and administration of the United States division of Doctors Without Borders, the medical relief organization.
“This is a program that we have promoted for 100 years that is very near and dear to the Postal Service,” said Sue Brennan, a spokeswoman for the program.
I won’t lie to you.” Haworth seems eager to hand off the baton as her sport’s standard bearer, a transition she contends is essential for its continued growth.
“We’re working with the city E.D.C., and I’m sure we and they together will address concerns,” he added.
Of the four, only Chandler — now with the New Orleans Hornets — has come close to fulfilling his potential.
It’s instructive to recall that Mr. de Montebello followed Thomas Hoving, a mad genius who transformed the slumbering Met into a public spectacle: exciting, but lurching from one debacle to another.
Myint Oo, the village headman, said the most vulnerable were those who lived in open areas.
He received the ballots of 67› delegates.
“But I take my tennis commitments very serious.”
As soon as my head hit the ground, that’s when I came to again.” Church acknowledged the seriousness of concussions, especially since he had one so recently.
The material “takes us back to 1960 and the climate not only of our criminal justice system, but of our country as it relates to race,” he said.
A former marathoner whose best time was 2 hours 28 minutes, he went to work for Asics 41 years ago, as an 18-year-old, gluing together the upper and lower portions of running shoes.
This year I accepted an assignment to research the story behind my box, and everything changed.
In fact, they never met.
The current head of the office, Maj. Gen. James R. Helmly, had been scheduled to leave at the end of May.
A number of young New Yorkers who want to live alone but cannot afford it have settled on just that sort of compromise: renting a room and sharing facilities like kitchens and bathrooms with neighbors.
“Most acquisitions, particularly in media, are value-destroying as opposed to value-creating, and that certainly has not turned out to be the case here,” said David A.
What follows is my selection of some of the notable books for children in all age ranges published in the last decade or so.
It is not clear just what it was, but several geologists say they have evidence that something very big and unusual occurred in waters near the New York area around 300 B.C.
The world has 1.3 trillion barrels of proven reserves, enough for 40 years at current rates of consumption.
The software also streams your own video, audio and photos from other computers over the TV and plays them back at 1080p resolution with 6-channel audio.
The Calhoun School Board of Trustees and the entire community mourn the passing of Mariana Leighton, former Head of School (1992-1998).
“When it turns dark people don’t want to go down there,” said Tuck Eng, 74, who grew up in Chinatown, became a Boeing engineer and has led the effort to build the new gate.
The 90-hole event concludes Sunday with 20 players earning their L.P.G.A.
“Now,” he said, “they are taking the next step — to look at the energy used to make and operate the products they sell.” Mr. Horowitz said Wal-Mart had room to improve, however.
In The Wall Street Journal , Amy Chozick wrote that Hillary supporters — who loved their heroine’s admission that she was on Weight Watchers — were put off by Obama’s svelte, zero-body-fat figure.
Ninety-nine families are currently members and pay $500 yearly for access.
A memorial service will be held Saturday, February 2, at the Forsyth Chapel, Forest Hills Cemetery, Jamaica Plain, MA at 10:00am.
Of course, Ms. Schachte’s seeming centrality might just have been an outcome of where I happened to be standing as the dance concluded.
Grays tending toward black are plentiful, and titles like “Liar,” “No,” “Good Time Charley” and “In Memory of My Feelings — Frank O’Hara” reflect a period of despondency.
Families clustered inside the city’s stretches of towering white apartment blocks and single-family houses.
HOURS Lunch from 11:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. Wednesday through Sunday.
But that exception was one of our favorites, the 2004 Gravity Hills Tumbling Tractor, which was our No.
Accordingly, the “volumetrics” plan, spelled out in a follow-up book, “The Volumetrics Eating Plan: Techniques and Recipes for Feeling Full on Fewer Calories,” emphasizes getting more for less — meals that include filling foods like soups, salads, vegetables and fruits that on a volume basis are naturally low in calorie density because they have a high water content.
In 1969, the Beatles sued EMI Records in a royalties dispute that took 20 years to settle.
“The Dalai Lama is trying to separate China, and it is not acceptable at all.
“By having a broad policy that doesn’t list anything, we feel like we can test for any substance that may be abused.” Nascar reserved the right issue a lifetime ban after one positive result, but O’Donnell said it would probably continue with a “three-strikes-and-out” policy.
ON Monday, Theodore A. Mathas left his old office at one end of the 13th floor of the New York Life Building to move into the corner office overlooking Madison Square Park.
And finally a third: surprising.
(This added to the derision over his low bowling score.)
Is the silliest episode the one in which members of the corps de ballet, male and female, lie immobile, faces on the floor in apparent humiliation, while the three “star” dancers sail through virtuoso steps?
The top American finishers in last September’s race in Beijing and in April’s race in Tuscaloosa, Ala., would get bids to Summer Games.
The show will also star Robin Tunney (“Prison Break”).
Its shares rose $2.29, or 2.3 percent, to $103.88.
In the final two minutes of regulation time, he missed a free throw, a jumper and another two free throws.
“My central subject is how men of action, above all these huge political beasts, use their time.
He has long used supertitles for his popular concert opera performances of bel canto works at the Caramoor International Music Festival in Katonah, N.Y. (He will conduct Rossini’s “Barbiere di Siviglia” there next Saturday night.)
If it does that: Mission Accomplished.
In 2001, Mr. Tankleff and his family hired a private detective, who found evidence that the family said pointed to a former business associate of Seymour Tankleff’s as a suspect in the murders.
Death Cab emerged before blogger buzz could help a nobody get an overnight record deal and a guest spot on “ Saturday Night Live .” The members built an initial fan base the way earlier Seattle bands did in the 1990s, schlepping their way across clubland and honing their sound on indie releases.
And when you're flying a kite, you can't help but be connected to that.
The rules were scheduled go into effect on Monday.
Both games were unsettled until deep in the fourth quarter.
The student population, which now numbers nearly 100,000, has held steady at about 35 percent black and 55 percent white, along with a small and growing number of Hispanics and Asians.
The companies are also accused of misrepresenting to borrowers what they owed on mortgages.
They also own Advanced Knowledge Resources, health-care management consultants in Santa Cruz.
The markets will be closed on Thursday for Thanksgiving Day, and will reopen for a shortened session on Friday.
“I haven’t lost that fire to coach, but it’s time for me to get away from the pressure.
“There’s probably not a working woman over 40 who hasn’t found herself in a similar situation, where her work performance is being questioned or challenged and she feels so strongly about her actions or vision that she wells up,” said Lisa Goff, 48, a freelance writer in Charlottesville, Va. “Hillary handled that moment the way we all hope to, by remaining articulate and not breaking into tears.” Younger women, however, may look at Mrs. Clinton differently.
He coined the term nakba deliberately to convey the impossibility of blocking the project for the Jewish state after the Holocaust.
Public Theater, 425 Lafayette Street, at Astor Place, East Village, (212) 967-7555.
He now rents an apartment in a 19th-century red-brick town house on Strivers’ Row, a landmark area in central Harlem that is still one of the most sought-after addresses in the neighborhood.
I guess I was a little taken aback by it.
Yeah, Packers fans are bitter, and divided.
“The customized lead-ins fit our personality,” said Tiana Lang, Burger King’s director of media and interactive.
On Saturday Stephen Hough was the soloist in the D minor Concerto (Op.
The latest flashpoint in the debate came Friday in an appellate courtroom in Washington, as a former reporter for USA Today faced fines of $5,000 a day for refusing to disclose the sources of her articles on the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s 2001 anthrax investigation.
Though the settlements are monitored from time to time, no attempt is supposed to be made to intrude or assimilate the people into the outside culture.
“The Maze of Bones” is only the beginning of an elaborate online game that will unfold over the next few years.
You must, really, if your art is to prosper in the present.
At the break, the doctors were served coffee and sweet rolls, not a lavish buffet.
She said that she appreciated the superintendent’s candor.
The tiny town looked like it hadn’t changed in two centuries, with triangular-shaped piazzas lined with old Renaissance apartment buildings painted with colorful, comic-strip-like Biblical scenes.
Prices range from $2 million to $60 million (for a 10,000-square-foot duplex penthouse).
Las Vegas officials plan to install a Safer barrier along the wall where he hit.
I drove a stripped-down Chevy truck, with a tangle of harvest knives and baling wire on the rusted-though floorboards.
Moving to Los Angeles at 19, she performed with the Groundlings improv troupe and in 1996, when she was 35, joined the cast of Brooke Shields’s sitcom, “Suddenly Susan.” “I never wanted to be a stand-up comedian,” Ms. Griffin said.
There were also the usual disappointments and heat-seeking selections aglitter with Hollywood types, notably Barry Levinson’s “What Just Happened?,” a self-flattering peek at the business based on the producer Art Linson’s book and starring an appealing Robert De Niro.
Such a request is routine, for legal reasons.
The police said they have linked the suspects to at least 4 of 12 similar robberies between March 8 and June 4.
At the other table South was in four hearts after West had shown diamonds.
“As long as I’ve been in the business, I think this is the worst,” said Vincent Nastri, whose Barclay-Rex tobacco shop down the street from the New York Stock Exchange sells cigars for as much as $35 apiece.
Some people seemed disappointed by the lack of drama.
You shouldn’t feel like you won the Lotto just to be able to live in this city.”
Some warhorses will be given a new twist, another Barrett priority.
On the Mekong Delta we had passed the time laughing — and here we were again laughing as the sun cut through gray skies.
 Coors executives initially considered having a video-sharing Web site like YouTube play host to the contest, Mr. McTavish said, but “quickly realized for us to do it appropriately we had to manage the contest within the context of our own Web site.” The executives hope the many don’ts in the contest rules will not discourage participation, he added.
If he wants to stay undefeated in a year for the first time since he went 36-0 in junior golf when he was 11, he will have to get past J.
But assessors are required to value the apartment as if it were in a rental building, and in each of the last three years the city’s Finance Department actually lowered Mr. Martinez’s assessment significantly.
Soon men and women will be swanning across stages on Broadway and off, bursting into new song as emotion overflows their hearts.
''They are being built everywhere in the world.''
Increasingly, rabbinate clerks sent anyone not born in Israel, or whose parents weren’t married in Israel, to a rabbinic court to prove that he or she was Jewish.
Since jobs are scarce, commutes are frequently 20 miles or more.
Benchmarks: Understands how politics enables a group of people with varying opinions and/or interests to reach collective decisions, influence decisions, and accomplish goals that they could not reach as individuals; Knows formal institutions that have the authority to make and implement binding decisions Civics Standard 25- Understands issues regarding personal, political, and economic rights.
stations in Panama, the Dominican Republic and Mexico.
As the show’s curator, Sam Scott, said in an interview, “There was pride in successful accomplishment.” Both artist and explorer were embarked on a grand adventure, he said, and the “vessel was an icon of human aspiration.” But most artists were also acutely aware of their potential for spoiling the wilderness whose beauty they captured on canvas.
She is the author of “The Chinese Reassessment of Socialism” (Princeton, 1995) and “Corruption and Market in Contemporary China” (Cornell 2004).
J. W. is Marriott’s top-tier luxury brand and is aimed at elite business and convention travelers.
Thomas said that he and Walsh had spoken recently on the telephone, but that they had not sat down in person and discussed the direction of the organization or Thomas’s role in it.
In Europe, stocks fell more modestly.
A parody film trailer spoofs 1960s and 1970s Italian cinema.
He and his sister, Brew, had a most extraordinary sibling relationship.
On Thursday, in Tangi, near Charsadda, four pickup trucks of armed men with beards, long hair and scarves wrapped around their faces pulled into a school where polling places for women were set up for a special election for the provincial assembly.
The opera begins in a timeless void, with the three main characters appearing together in a cosmic trio.
Our first year of trying, when my husband and I were 30 and 31, was a time of assumptions: that we would conceive like everyone else, that having a child was the most natural thing in the world.
The rebates are far from negligible: up to $600 for many single taxpayers, and up to $1,200 for many married couples.
Frontiere, as a youngster, appeared with her mother, Lucia Pamela Irwin, a blues performer, and her brother, Ken, in a singing group, the Pamela Trio, performing at state fairs and ballrooms.
[Gothamist] Is the Clover-Starbucks deal bad for indie cafes?
“It’s more closely curated than it’s been in the past,” said Peter Scarlett, Tribeca’s artistic director.
Political pied pipers often prove ephemeral.
JetBlue, for example, flies to Orlando, Fort Lauderdale and West Palm Beach in Florida with a total of five round-trips a day.
Most prefer to offer a package of services that carry a student from the end of 10th grade through 12th grade for a set fee, averaging $3,700.
“He has never ducked anyone, and we’ve always wanted him to run against the best,” she said.
“My problem now, you see, John, is how to handle this.
RESERVATIONS For prime dinner times, call at least two weeks in advance.
''We can do it,'' McNabb said of winning the Super Bowl as a wild-card team.
Business and management and engineering remain the most popular fields of study.
Arrive hungry and skip the taquerías.
But in an interview, a spokeswoman, Carol Schneider, said publishers would be reviewing their staffs.
Vicki is survived by her children, Robyn Kanner (Arthur Holst), Alpharetta, GA, David Kanner (Angela), Coram, NY and Melissa Nicosia (Charles), Oneonta, NY, and grandchildren, Erin, Jason, Eric, Stephanie, Danielle and Mareesa .
A Fort Carson soldier and war veteran charged in the murder and sexual assault of a woman in Colorado last month faces accusations that he also raped a 14-year-old girl and sexually assaulted a third woman, an internal Army document states.
His success elicited the familiar cries about ethics and selling out, writes Roberta Smith.
“Now, think how much progress we’ve already made,” she said.
Though perhaps not as prim and upstanding as it was when shows like “Murder, She Wrote” and “Touched by an Angel” defined its airwaves, this network tends to be more decorous than others where sex is concerned.
The threat of global recession now looms so large that it threatens the oil boom that defined Mr. Putin’s presidency.
THE DAILY BEAST: Evelyn Waugh’s satirical masterpiece “Scoop” (1938), about hack journalists in London, is 70 years old this summer and back in the news.
I was married there.” Still, she has a new church, Our Lady of Presentation, where she attends the 9 a.m. Mass each Sunday.
Most of the mourners demurred.
And I will be thinking: Mr. Obama’s speech — and in a way his whole candidacy — might not have been possible had that other speech not been given.
My room had bits of zebra stripes, alligator skin and paisley (on the headboard, the dresser and the pillow shams, respectively).
Mr. Woodyard, however, is more interested in history than in shopping.
The bride and bridegroom will begin postdoctoral fellowships in August, she in chemistry at Columbia and he in the humanities through the American Council of Learned Societies, which is also in New York.
And then again, maybe they weren’t.
In a typically prudent step, he even joined forces with a major, Mobil Oil Indonesia, to expand the size of the Indonesia natural gas project.
The pill was first manufactured in France, and since its approval by the F.D.A.
To finance its capital plan, the authority is also counting on the by-no-means-certain generosity of the city, state and federal governments.
Talks now likely to begin in South Africa this week between Mr. Mugabe’s party and that of Morgan Tsvangirai , the first-round election winner, may be the best way to prevent that, provided they, unlike past efforts, are not conducted on the dictator’s chosen terms.
The camera frequently stands still as the horror unfolds just beyond its range, and when a bloody event takes place, we are likely to be shown the face of a passive witness rather than that of the perpetrator or the victim.
Mr. Coleman said that a case had been brought against the landlord in housing court and that the department officials had tried to turn the heat on twice but they could not get into the building.
In July 1976, little more than six months after taking his seat, Justice Stevens announced the opinion for the court in Jurek v. Texas, one of the three cases by which the justices gave their approval to a new generation of death penalty statutes.
Or, presumably, wear the pantyhose again.)
A National Intelligence Estimate on Iraq that was issued in January 2007 by the United States intelligence agencies also warned that the withdrawal of American troops over the ensuing 12 to 18 months would probably lead to “massive civilian casualties and forced population displacement.” Mr. Edwards acknowledged that there was a risk that a speedy troop drawdown might lead to substantially increased sectarian violence.
But Jeff Burton, who is second in the Cup points standings, finished 15th on Sunday and still trails Busch by 32 points, with Earnhardt third, 84 behind.
Its main campus has essentially one academic building amid the narrow streets and storefronts of Scranton.
If Barack Obama’s victory seemed surprising, these critics say, it’s partly because social scientists helped create the false impression that three-quarters of whites are unconsciously biased against blacks.
But the embattled Argentine president continued to refuse to roll back a new sliding scale of taxes on some farm exports that is the focus of the striking farmers’ demands.
“Volume cures a lot,” Ms. Arpaia said.
“They need to establish themselves as the only place you need to go to get these toys,” he said.
Eisenhower then sent him to D-Day at Omaha Beach as a combat artist, to interpret the war artistically.
He added that in a three-game series, the Rays could throw three “good arms at you, and they have a lot of good, young, talented position players.” “Tampa Bay is good enough to ruin someone’s season,” he said.
“I think,” Mr. Macdonald said, “she strongly felt it wasn’t fair to involve a woman in this.”
Officials insisted Monday that the weeklong trip by about 50 members of Parliament was strictly for study purposes.
But he committed five turnovers and lost his way for a while before settling down and scoring 7 of the Knicks’ last 11 points.
“McCain,” read the headline alongside a picture of the senator.
As he often does, he plays his character with such palpable sensitivity and empathy that you understand not just what Brian is going through at each moment but also the larger implications of these moments.
That Tilt, for example, can be customized with software that re-skins the home screen.
But at some point I startled him, and he ran down Tunnel Exit Road, the rarely used strip of sidewalk midway between Second and Third Avenues.
By the time the sun finally set that night, it was nearly 9:30; we jumped into the pool, cooled off and suddenly realized we were famished.
(Readers may be forgiven if they see certain similarities to the confusions and contradictions in present-day Iraq.)
“One lady called after attending a panel and talked about one young man who she said had an amazing self-deprecating humor,” recalled Jeremy C. Kohomban, the president and chief executive officer of Children’s Village.
Assembly lines are organized like an auto plant, with just-in-time supplies of components, digital message boards flashing the day’s production target versus the actual production numbers, and slogans announcing “Quality and reliability are our first objectives.” “Because of the dollar, we spend an enormous amount of time on cost issues,” said Timothy O’Connell, the company’s marketing director.
Each Dean follows a different set of steppingstones in his life story, but the two can agree on one thing — that Martin’s brother, Terry, “cop killer, bank robber, .
“Everyone who comes from Spain goes to Fazil’s,” said Isabel Soler, a director of the Danzas Españolas company.
You gave me back my life.” Sweetest emergency call : I had done a breast augmentation on a young woman, and 10:30 on a Saturday night, about three or four weeks after surgery, she gets on the phone and she says, “Is it O.K.
“It was mostly boys who would make sexual comments or just type the same inappropriate word over and over and over again,” Sonya, now 17, said.
Manager Joe Girardi said before the Blue Jays’ 8-2 victory that Rivera simply felt cranky, offering no specifics.
When we last left Guinan’s, a combination deli, general store and pub between the Garrison railroad station and the east bank of the Hudson across from West Point, it had received an unexpected reprieve after the current reigning Guinan, Jim’s son John, was hospitalized with a brain tumor that left him unable to work.
He said convicting Detective Cooper of reckless endangerment would send the wrong message to all police officers.
We extend our deepest sympathy to his wife Lea and to all of his family and friends.
The thrust of the investigation indicated that city officials believe Friday’s accident had a very different set of causes from the fatal crane collapse that occurred in March: namely, that the condition of the equipment rather than mistakes made in setting it up were behind the crash.
Two years ago at a party celebrating the publication of his second book, “The Audacity of Hope,” the new senator rose to say a few words, recalled Ms. Jarrett.
“Women have no time to stay home and soak.
According to the association’s survey, these are among the steps corporations are taking: ¶Cutting air travel across the board and sharply reducing travel for conferences and conventions.
His work can also entail saying no.
Given its track record, it is hard to believe the committee will find that Mr. Dodd and Mr. Conrad acted improperly.
Now I’m gloating.” Obama could gloat even more when the White Sox swept the Houston Astros in the World Series, giving the team its first championship since 1917.
He continued his vacation in Hawaii , where he attended a memorial service for his grandmother, who died just before the election.
If a room is cold when you turn the light on, you walk around in a ghastly greenish dim light until the bulb warms up.
Tony worked for 30 years at Chemical Bank retiring in 1985 as SVP.
The conference seemed innocuous enough: a Moscow hotel, slide shows and several dozen doctors and specialists gathered to discuss how to treat heroin addiction.
That number has been whittled to two: the Jurgielewicz farm, operated by brothers Paul and Tom, and Crescent Duck Farm, operated by the Corwin family.
When Mr. Hughes stopped payments to Mr. Utzon in 1966, the architect packed up his family and left the country.
That assertion, which could resonate among elderly voters in crucial swing states like Florida, is being angrily disputed by the McCain campaign.
Almost 18 percent more Canadians traveled to the United States in January and February this year than in the period a year earlier.
NEED a sterling silver strawberry fork?
The group represents the elite corps of black pilots and ground crew members who fought for the United States during World War II despite the country's active racial discrimination against them.
Another danger was that the sub might simply be frozen in place with no way out and no way to call for help as food and other supplies dwindled.
Damian Smith, an elegant principal dancer, twirled through turns with his face raised to the ceiling as the rest of the cast dashed to avoid crashes, obscenities ringing out with every near miss.
With Mr. Corzine’s support, the Legislature could repeal the law as early as March 13, legislative officials said.
Lindbergh’s grandson is a member of the foundation’s board, which is offering other prizes including the Google Lunar X Prize for the winner of an unmanned race to the moon and the Archon X Prize for Genomics for the developer of a faster, cheaper way to sequence DNA.
For all of 2007, General Dynamics had net earnings of $2.1 billion, or $5.08 a share, up 11 percent from $1.86 billion, or $4.56 a share, in 2006.
Of course, it is not clear that burying Red Sox artifacts in the Bronx will have an adverse effect on the Yankees.
WARRIORS 106, PACERS 101 Monta Ellis scored 9 of his 29 points during a fourth-quarter comeback, and the former Warrior Mike Dunleavy missed a key free throw for Indiana in the final seconds of Golden State’s victory at home.
This indecisiveness now seems to run through the entire Mets organization and clearly was in play during the team’s dubious handling of outfielder Ryan Church’s second concussion in three months.
This time the focus is on defense rather than offense: examples of horse and body armor, dating from the 15th through the 20th centuries, outnumber swords, guns and spears.
The protesters, who call themselves the People’s Alliance for Democracy, dispersed on Wednesday after the Constitutional Court disbanded the governing party, citing electoral fraud, and brought down the government.
And his previous experience, which included the Guggenheim, was in Modern and contemporary art.
There’s a pride that I have in having discovered that, a connection that you actually can’t get with broadcast advertising.
(Rachel Saltz) ‘BEAUTIFUL LOSERS’ (No rating, 1:30) This fawning, self-serving documentary is directed by Aaron Rose, features Aaron Rose and is concerned with a group of middling, quasi-countercultural artists affiliated with a gallery founded by — guess who?
But NBC Universal argues that it has an exchange of e-mail messages that back its contention that the Weinstein Company had agreed to the right of first refusal on the deal.
The police said that a court had issued warrants for the arrests of nine protest leaders.
“I would say that it is beyond dispute that he has become the biggest celebrity in the world,” Mr. Schmidt said in a conference call with reporters on Wednesday.
There is a profound difference between going to a green space that is primarily parkland to play on protected fields and walking to rooftop fields past a theater built primarily for tourists through what would in essence be a mall.
They responded to Randolph three weeks ago by winning 7 of 10, but since then have been undermined by poor situational hitting one day, or terrible relief pitching the next.
The man, Joseph Dixon, 39, received 20 years in prison for armed robbery and five years for aggravated battery.
It is the hub of a close-knit community in the mostly Hispanic Mott Haven section of the Bronx, linking generations.
Such glossy-skinned apricots are fairly common in Central Asia, but have never been grown here.
“I don’t mind trying,” he said.
He is survived by his beloved wife of 45 years, Carmen Marques Perez, children, Gabriela Baron and Antonio PerezMarques, son-in-law Robert Baron, daughter-in-law Jessica Romm Perez, and adored grandchildren, Anthony Maxwell Baron and Cristina Elena Baron, all of NYC.
On the surface it is the most basic sort of game: the platformer.
“By failing to disclose the payment scheme, they deprived Jefferson County and investors of an objective and impartial bond-underwriting process and swap-agreement negotiations.” At the time of the bond deals, Mr. Langford served as president of the Jefferson County Commission.
The original dreamers envisioned a nonprofit theater in each major city.
Last month, Mexican authorities announced a ban on the importing of strawberries from a section of California’s Central Coast because of concerns that the moth might spread to Mexican crops.
The Defense Department led by Donald H. Rumsfeld was given the lead in overseeing the postwar period in Iraq despite its “lack of capacity for civilian reconstruction planning and execution.” The State Department led by Colin L. Powell produced a voluminous study on the future of Iraq that identified important issues but was of “uneven quality” and “did not constitute an actionable plan.” Gen. Tommy R. Franks, whose Central Command oversaw the military operation in Iraq, had a “fundamental misunderstanding” of what the military needed to do to secure postwar Iraq, the study said.
divisions make things like humidifiers, steam turbines and fluorescent lights.
Conceivably, but only if someone besides Ron Paul is brave enough to break out of the monochromatic pack.
Since determining last winter that they would not trade for Johan Santana, they were eager to sign an ace without giving up their best prospects in the process.
He was a loving son, brother, husband, father, grandfather, family member, friend and son of God.
“Joss Whedon never gave anyone a script,” she said.
North rebid a forcing three spades.
The best no- or low-cost housing advisers have contacts with lenders’ decision makers.
And, too, talk of God, talk of faith, makes people squirm.
His brilliant mind and adventurous spirit pioneered new domains in mutual funds, finance and real estate.
An Ohio man has been indicted on charges that he threatened to blow up the United States Supreme Court and attack well-known black men, including Justice Clarence Thomas , according to an indictment.
He was city transportation commissioner from 1994 to 1996 and later built a coalition of business, labor and civic groups, the Empire State Transportation Alliance , to promote financing for transportation projects.
For a late dinner that night, Kelly and I made a frittata — the eggs came from Antonio’s hens — with some of the leftovers: fennel, torta, and cooked artichokes.
The remaining space will soon house the Wine Enthusiast, a magazine and mail-order company that sells wine accessories, a self-storage facility and an indoor athletic facility with turf fields for activities including baseball and basketball plus golf instruction.
(Chinen) ★ LIONEL LOUEKE TRIO (Tuesday) To celebrate the release of “Karibu,” his imaginative and vivid Blue Note debut, the West African jazz guitarist Lionel Loueke performs a single set with his fine working trio, which includes Massimo Biolcati on bass and Ferenc Nemeth on drums.
It’s so smooth but with that familiar fireball to the throat finish.
Correction: June 22, 2008 An art entry in the Week Ahead column on Page 4 this weekend misstates the day on which an exhibition of works by Louise Bourgeois opens at the Guggenheim Museum.
One beneficiary of the bust is Franke Watson II, a 69-year-old retiree from New Orleans who purchased a home in Prescott, Ariz., in February for more than $100,000 below its initial list price.
Many conservative and libertarian economists supported President Bush, thinking they would be getting policy drawn from the work of Milton Friedman and Martin Feldstein, two respected market-oriented economists.
Mr. Fischman was a graduate of New York University as well as NYU Law School.
Under the proposed new rules, the United States military would need Iraqi permission to make arrests and then would have to turn suspects over to the Iraqi authorities within 24 hours.
Either can terminate the arrangement for any reason.
The pope’s comments came in a letter he wrote to Marcello Pera , an Italian center-right politician and scholar whose forthcoming book, “Why We Must Call Ourselves Christian,” argues that Europe should stay true to its Christian roots.
They focused their search on South Park Tower, on West 60th Street, which at 52 stories offers unobstructed Hudson River vistas.
Moreover, kidnapping has become a new money-making opportunity for Haiti’s poor, with no one — babies, old people, rich or poor — safe from being grabbed from the streets for ransom.
Hunting has long been allowed on about 90 percent of state land, but only recently have deer culls spread to county and municipal forests, especially in populous locales, where political will — and community consensus — have been difficult to come by.
Whatever you want to do with it, great.’ ” The trial of the three detectives, Gescard F. Isnora, Michael Oliver and Marc Cooper, is being heard by Justice Arthur J. Cooperman in State Supreme Court in Queens.
But sometimes we look at color, and that stops us.”
Clinton and Obama camps by urging Europeans to draw a distinction between the wars.
“And over time it could be a really good investment.”
In the view of a central banker, the worst thing about skyrocketing food and energy prices is not their rise, but that most people think higher prices are here to stay.
Mrs. Clinton suggested that she would be willing to take a similar approach in 2009.
Nations with similar forms of government do seem to share cohering values.
Analysts expect video ads to become far more common as technology improves, allowing brand advertisers like Coca-Cola and Nike to use sight, sound and motion in their online ads.
His many rowers will miss him.
Lance Armstrong, the seven-time Tour winner, has verbally jousted with Tour organizers over their suggestions that perhaps Armstrong was not clean during his entire career and over its exclusion of Astana, which includes several of his former Discovery Channel teammates and his racing manager, Johan Bruyneel.
One by the same artisan, with a base shaped like an artichoke, was good for the living room.
“I wouldn’t shortchange my family,” Dungy said at a news conference Monday in Indianapolis.
Adding to the difficulty of the second shot is the angle of the fairway, which twists left to right.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY KYLE ERICSON/ASSOCIATED PRESS); STEELERS AT BROWNS, SEPT. 14: Two losses to Pittsburgh kept Cleveland out of the playoffs last season.
There are moments of more rigorous choreography, including an intricate duet for Ms. Kirker and Elizabeth Mertz, who swirl across the stage in whiplash turns.
The City Council is considering a ban on plastic grocery bags.
The key difference between the two laws, Judge M. Blane Michael wrote for the majority, was that the federal law imposes criminal charges only when doctors intend at the outset to perform the procedure, while Virginia law also made it a crime for doctors to perform the prohibited procedure by mistake.
His teammates — Michael Johnson, Angelo Taylor, Jerome Young and the twins Alvin and Calvin Harrison — will also lose their medals.
Facing an unstable economy and an unfinished war, President Bush used his final State of the Union address Monday night to call for quick passage of his tax rebate package, patience in Iraq and a modest concluding agenda that includes $300 million in scholarship money for low-income children in struggling schools.
Broader stock indicators also rose.
We were offered a sizable piece of a six-month Morgan Stanley obligation at a yield of 25 percent, O.K.
Talk about gilding the lily!
She has battled an injury to her wrist, a soap opera drama in her professional relationships with other L.P.G.A.
The secret, Mr. Danze said, is thick cuts of hanging beef, the kind Rocky used as punching bags.
There is an expression in Chinese that says, “One can only stand up from the place where one fell.” If China is to truly stand up and deserve its powerful position in the international community, it must return to the place where it fell.
But her attributes — even the negative ones — are among the reasons that CoverGirl, the beauty industry giant, announced last week that it had hired her to be the face of its next advertising campaign.
“My ship is slowly sinking, but my cannons keep firing,” Mr. Osheroff said in a 2005 interview with Robert Jensen, a University of Texas journalism professor.
He turned down job offers elsewhere so he could stay in his hometown.
But in the wake of his decision last month to bypass public financing for the general election, his campaign is beginning a spree of fund-raising events across the country.
Ernest Ngwenya, 28, is South African.
Why would he tell us to sacrifice now, especially as our stimulus checks arrive in the mail?
The poor guy has worked all these years, spent all this money.
In an interview this spring, Dr. Faust held up as a model Teach for America , the nonprofit program that has recruited large numbers of students at top colleges to teach in low-income schools for two years.
Tom Coughlin, the coach, spoke sterner words than usual after the game.
We favored it for its short holes, for its wide, forgiving fairways and for the fact that at the right time of day it was largely deserted — perfect for a father whose tee shots tend to travel in the shape of an inverted L and for a child who had never played.
Such fanfare, though, arouses neither anxiety nor self-satisfaction in the amicable Mr. Lamb, who has been married to Christine, a retired elementary schoolteacher, for 30 years and has three sons, Jared, 27, Justin, 23, and Teddy, 18.
But executives at The Observer, a weekly that does not have its own presses, concluded that they would have to invest $50 million or more to upgrade Newsday’s printing plant.
“His own schedule has been busy the past two years,” said the Knicks assistant coach Phil Weber, who is coaching the summer league team.
It may be that none of this real-narrative-honesty-v.-sham-narrative-honesty stuff can even be talked about up front.” And yet Mr. Wallace never stopped trying.
The contributions could be a political investment for Mr. Romney, above left, who is widely viewed as a potential Republican presidential contender in 2012.
Wednesday at 9 p.m., Bowery Ballroom, 6 Delancey Street, near the Bowery, Lower East Side, (212) 533-2111, boweryballroom.com ; sold out.
The United States won its second women’s world hockey championship Saturday, upsetting Canada, 4-3, behind two goals from Natalie Darwitz.
A group of investors including the hedge-fund firm Jana Partners , unhappy with the company’s recent performance and management, have been hoping to take control by getting their allies elected to the CNET board.
may uphold the principles of the United Nations that America once dominated, but how much longer will it do so as its own social standards rise far above this lowest common denominator?
Orszag, who will probably be budget director, is trusted by Republicans and Democrats for his honest presentation of the facts.
Boyd’s stock is down 73 percent over the last year.
The index by the Institute for Supply Management dropped to 44.4, from 50.2 in September, on a scale where readings below 50 indicate contraction, the group said on Wednesday.
Operators who license a new 2009 Town Car before Jan. 1 will be able to operate it the longest, for five years, before it is forced to retire.
New World Stages, 340 West 50th Street, Clinton, (212) 239-6200.
Published in 1952, it has sold more than 20 million copies in 42 languages.
That was more than the crowd that saw the Brooklyn Dodgers play their last game at Ebbets Field in 1957, before Walter O’Malley moved the team to Los Angeles.
So we headed home, our cars packed with packages like the Grinch’s sleigh after he pillaged Whoville.
It will be the first time since 1919 that the city, which historically was Canada’s automotive capital, will be without a G.M.-owned plant.
Boy George and I danced all night.
And don't count on the prepackaged sauerkraut to perk things up.
The sculpture, which celebrates this 19th-century abolitionist and suffragist, is being lent from the New-York Historical Society at the request of the state’s first lady, Michelle Page Paterson .
The intraday record of $112.21 a barrel was the highest since Nymex futures trading began in 1983.
“It will be necessary to continue to monitor developments carefully.” Some analysts saw the cut of three-quarters of a point as a compromise to appease those who wanted less.
Yes, there was golf and tennis and sun.
Among the most criticized subsidies are the $5.2 billion a year in “direct payments,” which are disbursed to farmers even now when they are reaping unprecedented earnings from strong harvests and record-high grain prices.
But it can also be a lot of fun.
In the past four years, he has been in court several times over unpaid bills.
At Terreiro Do Paço (Praça do Comércío; 351-21-031-2850; www.terreiropaco.com ) he whips up creative concoctions like salt-cod carpaccio, Azores tuna with mango-tomato-fig compote, and pineapple goat-cheese ravioli.
Emerging afterward with his two lawyers, Stephen Jackson and Kevin O. Mosley, Mr. Mineo said that his injuries still caused him pain.
At the moment, the most precise candidate is ANCA-associated granulomatous vasculitis, which does not exactly trip off the tongue.
A few years ago, while visiting friends in Old Goa, India, he ate a fiery shrimp curry with a pinkish-red sauce flavored and inflamed with curry leaves, black pepper, dried chilies, cayenne and tomatoes, and then soothed with coconut milk.
We will see, but I know it’s very difficult to improve on the last year.” Elena Dementieva, the fifth seed in the women’s draw, can surely appreciate Nadal’s troubles and Ferrer’s quandary.
In 1990 the collection was released in the English-language market by EMI’s World Pacific imprint, as “The Legendary João Gilberto.” Mr. Gilberto sued EMI in 1997, contending that the old music had been poorly remastered.
Follow the leaders on the offensive line, especially Seubert of Rozellville, Wis., who knows the way to Lambeau Field and, above all, is a proven football survivor.
Foreclosure, in Depth Friday, 7:30 a.m. You are a sentient being with a TV set.
“If Joe wants to have his grand farewell in Wales, I am ready to accommodate,” said Dawson, also a light heavyweight world champion, who added: “I’m ready to give Joe the opportunity to draw the curtain on his great career in front of his family and friends and 70,000 fans.
Two doctors were needed to pull the baby boy out during a Cesarean section .
Both Visa and MasterCard disputed Discover’s damages claim, which could potentially be tripled if Discover prevails at trial.
“Iraq,” Scoblic writes, “was the most invadable member of the axis of evil.” Along with its analysis of Bush foreign policy, “U.S.
(Under pressure, Verizon rescinded the decision but stood by its position that it can decide which messages to transmit.)
PAGE 21 DEMOCRATIC MONEY GAP Senator Barack Obama's heavy spending on TV ads has Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton's campaign struggling to find new sources of money to keep pace.
Indeed the wealthiest corporations now receive the most federal largess.
He also noted that the defendants were prepared to defend the suit in court, arguing that the gunman acted alone, without their direction or assistance.
But when some residents complained that his presentation here would be one-sided because no opposing view would be offered, the superintendent of Choteau School District No.
Even Fox News broke away from Mr. McCain midevent to cover the rescue of a bear cub wounded in a California fire and nicknamed Lil’ Smokey.
Visitation will be 5-9pm today, Thursday, August 28, 2008 at Craft Memorial Home, Inc., 40 Leicester St., Port Chester, NY.
Funeral Mass Wednesday 10am St. Mary's R.C.
“It’s mighty long coming,” said Roy Montgomery, 87, who is now the only known survivor among the soldiers and who lives in a nursing home in Park Forest, Ill.
My father stayed in the Air Force for 21 years; I was only 10 when he retired with very little fanfare.
The Saints have not played at home since Week 6.
“Something that many of us remember from our youth — going up those narrow stairwells, getting up on our tippy-toes, looking out through the crown to one of the most glorious vistas you can imagine,” Mr. Weiner said, “that experience has been denied to visitors now for seven Fourth of Julys.” As possible solutions, Mr. Weiner suggested caps on the number of visitors, strict height and weight guidelines and requiring visitors to sign waivers acknowledging the risks.
Complicating matters, two men said that looting had been conducted by their neighbors.
Speculum itself offered a demonstration of that.
It was prompted by a Department of Agriculture investigation that found that Westland/Hallmark did not always alert federal veterinarians when its cows became unable to walk after passing inspection, as required.
"For a long-term fund, it’s a good buying opportunity."
A retired brigadier, Mehmood Shah, said the 2005 peace deal amounted to a total “surrender” to Mr. Mehsud, from which he had advanced virtually unhindered.
“It all goes hand in hand,” said Derrick Johnson, 47, a car salesman from East St. Louis.
The operation began in February after new satellite data showed that deforestation had spiked in the second half of 2007 after three consecutive years of declines.
Since 2002, the industry has roughly tripled in size, as pension funds, endowments and foundations piled in, hoping for market-beating returns.
I will vote the shares,” implying that he intended to vote the proxy for the spinoff.
For years it seemed that Iran was evolving away from a state defined exclusively by revolutionary ideology.
It doesn’t matter if they’re in the White House or Congress.
We’re looking forward to opening the season with the next phase of premier games in Europe in Prague and Stockholm.
William Viskup, who worked as a cameraman for the show “Celebrity Justice” at the time, said, “That was the most hysterical moment of my camera career.” Mr. Torn, who was then 73 and was eventually acquitted, recently said through his publicist that he ran for two reasons: He had to meet a friend for lunch, and he wanted to prove his fitness.
In comparison, the entire 2008 budget for the National Endowment for the Arts was $145 million.
But when they do fire, even at an armed suspect, there is often no one returning fire at the officers.
But women have written music since antiquity, and they steadily grew in prominence during the 20th century.
“But it seemed to me that I would be pretty remiss if I left business school and didn’t know about one of the more important aspects of finance.” Mr. Newsome, whose first career was as a nuclear engineer aboard a Navy submarine, was a member of a team that tried to sell the judges on a strategy that played investments in oil off against investments in alternative energy.
144 West 125th Street, (212) 864-4500, studiomuseum.org .
“I was not witness to any celebration, and we do not consider it a victory.
At the Ann Richards school, two women volunteering for the Obama campaign set up a lawn chair with a big Obama sign tied to it and a cooler full of water and soda just past the no-campaigning boundary outside the school.
“Michael Phelps can go to bed tonight feeling very fortunate he got No.
Nationally, Mr. Obama did well among male voters and black voters in Tuesday’s primaries; but Mrs. Clinton cut significantly into his advantage among those groups in New York.
The original owners gave up their stakes in 1986, creating a foundation that is legally owned by the German public, and hence cannot be sold.
The Infiniti was near the end of its three-year lease, and the leasing company, the Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation, had hired Alliance to make sure the car was in good shape.
“This is the horse I’m betting on for the future,” Mr. Abdullah said.
Some women, she said, “are irresponsible because there are contraceptives.” She asked not to be identified.
A mother's day can be peppered with vexing little surprises.
Dr. DeBakey said his greatest professional disappointment was in not solving the mystery of arteriosclerosis; he never accepted cholesterol as the dominant factor in producing the disease.
There are many more new ideas that could be funded; we just need new leaders to set them in motion.
Ms. Palin has been roundly mocked for her claim.
That would have been considered an extraordinary price a few years ago, but today it is the minimum needed to spur new investments in oil supplies, Mr. Robinson said.
He said he had lived in the United States for five years and was eager to marry an American so he could return.
He scored with the most inelegant slide — on his backside with his feet stretching forward — but points for style were never going to help him earn his 11th victory.
But Ms. Hines has more romantic notions of their final moments on earth.
Apparently considered incorrigible, he was placed in special education classes and set on an academic path of limited expectations.
Government nuclear experts brought in by the commission paint a grimmer picture, the report said.
Officials hope that the Central Library at 42nd Street, with its two stone lions named Patience and Fortitude, will become a draw for such residents.
A woman responded that such police inaction had reflected a view of wives as their husbands’ property.
He scored the first goal, catching Ramo behind his net, and skated all-out for most of the game.
Ms. Warren succeeds Vivian Schiller, who stepped down last month to become the president and chief executive of National Public Radio.
Mr. Rosile, a certified public accountant, prepared some tax returns, including Mr. Snipes’s, for the organization.
Melky Cabrera, the Yankees’ center fielder; Craig Biggio, the former Houston Astros star; Jamal Crawford of the Knicks; and Kristi Yamaguchi, an Olympic gold medal-winning figure skater, will also receive awards.
He was carrying the medal he won for the 400-meter medley relay, the race that gave Michael Phelps his record eighth gold.
That seemed unlikely to succeed after presumably losing two diamond tricks.
When Tynes missed a second field goal with four seconds left in regulation, Coughlin clapped three times with enough determination to crack his skin.
Local lawmakers called it an example of the park agency overreaching its authority.
Since Sundhage took over in November 2007, the team is 32-1-2.
Japan easily drubbed Iran in the election on Friday for a two-year seat on the Security Council, while the recent financial meltdown in Iceland appeared to have contributed to its loss against Austria and Turkey in the heavily fought contest for two seats reserved for a group of mostly European countries.
The Dow closed the week with a gain of less than 1 percent.
The male-female relationship in this scene poetically sustains and develops a male-female intimacy rare in Mr. Wheeldon’s work; and Oregon’s Alison Roper and Artur Sultanov danced it with unbroken concentration.
The locals were suspicious of the Turks, who, with their ties and clean-shaven faces, looked like math teachers from Middle America.
Jon Huntsman Sr. was a White House aide in the Nixon administration, and Peter’s brother, Jon Jr., served in the administrations of both President George W. Bush and his father, and is now the Republican governor of Utah.
René Barbera, 23, from Texas, a healthy, bright, lyric tenor, was especially strong in “Ah, mes amis,” from Donizetti’s “Fille du Régiment,” the snappy aria with nine high C’s.
Roku also says mysteriously that its deal with Netflix is not exclusive; technically, the box is equipped for future rivals.
FINE--Martin R. , of Easthampton and New York City, NY died March 14, 2008.
“Regardless of whether or not we should have a better fate, it really doesn’t matter,” Rangers Coach Tom Renney said.
No way is she giving up her day job: “I’ve had people ask if I plan to quit working; if I were governor, no one would be asking David to quit his job.
“I’d rather be coaching my team in this tournament than any other,” he said.
“Mardy played unbelievable in the first set,” Nadal said.
So far, Savage has not revealed the state of his digestive system.
On Friday, it fell as low as $11.99.
The writer Gary Giddins is one of its most acute and insightful critics.
“There is no such thing as justice here,” Mr. Hamdan said.
He accepts the reality of combat.
He scanned the picnic table full of his friends in a school courtyard one day a few weeks ago, and said, “I’m not hungry.” On another day, a group of classmates who also qualify for federally subsidized lunches sat on a bench.
He enjoyed taking the baby to the borough park, which has a lake, but found himself stepping over mounds of goose droppings.
(Scott) * ‘THE DUCHESS OF LANGEAIS’ (No rating, 2:17, in French) Based on Balzac’s 1834 short novel and set against the French Restoration, Jacques Rivette’s nearly impeccable interpretation traces how a passionate affair of the heart (Jeanne Balibar and Guillaume Depardieu play the lovers) curdles into cruelty and obsession.
BEHIND THE NEWS Lawyers are at the forefront in promoting change in China.
Generous, funny with an infectious laugh, and a talented dancer, Linda will be missed by many.
“Don’t marry him!” But Holland is the first and only love of Pearlie’s life; they met when they were teenagers in a farming community in Kentucky.
I know it.” This week, Mr. Wagoner told Congress that G.M.
The Democrats also pushed a couple catch phrases of the Obama campaign in their speeches: the need for ''change'' and that the country doesn't need ''four more years'' of a Republican administration.
“People were screaming, ‘Oh my God, not another Dallas!’ ” Ethel Kennedy knelt down at her husband’s side and pushed Juan away.
Reports will include pending home sales for October (Tuesday); wholesale trade for October (Wednesday); the trade deficit for October and import prices for November (Thursday); and retail sales for November, the Producer Price Index for November and the Reuters/University of Michigan consumer sentiment survey (Friday).
“This was the best part of the trip,” said Mrs. Knudsen, 55, a retired technical-writing instructor with Northern Illinois University who wore a Grateful Dead T-shirt and a happy countenance.
But there have been daily reports of protests and sporadic violence in some regions, people in those areas say.
Although Mr. Obama is expected to have just a tangential role in the trial, his name came up in opening statements, as Mr. Duffy listed politicians whom Mr. Rezko had supported.
IMG, a pioneer in sports management, took the threat seriously and will not make its employees available to testify in the $77 million lawsuit that begins Monday in United States District Court in Wilmington, Del.
Nestlé reported a 6 percent increase in sales in the first quarter, helped by organic growth and acquisitions.
Why should a man of proven ineptitude in foreign affairs who is leaving an eight-year legacy of decline — in our security, our economy and our stature in the world — be expected to help guide others in resolving so complex and difficult an issue?
It typically has nearly 900,000 visitors each year, 65 percent from outside Westchester.
Chris Buice, returned from a vacation in western North Carolina when he heard about the shooting.
I don’t need less than a deserving man; I need more.
A night out with the boys on the town cannot match a seven-hour race in the Alps.
And what about the trains I made by a hair all these years?
The giraffes were aloof, the penguins were show-offs and the rhinoceros refused to wake up.
McCain admired Bush’s political operation, and as he began entertaining another run at the White House, he tried to co-opt it by recruiting Bush strategists and fund-raisers.
COMEDY HASBROUCK HEIGHTS Bananas Comedy Club New Year’s Eve three-act comedy show, featuring Vic DiBitetto, Paul Bond and Bob DiBuono.
Moreover, proponents of evidence-based studies tend to be against forcing doctors to follow the advice of such studies; it is up to individual doctors to evaluate them.
And then, presumably, you would click it if you happened to want to see the latest commercial from RIM or Intel.
Every few moments Harvey Weinstein, the producer, would step forward and expertly move the procession along.
So often bland and dry, house-made ricotta cheesecake here was moist and creamy and set in a cookie crust.
GMAC, the home mortgage lender, said Tuesday that it lost $724 million in the fourth quarter, hurt by the housing slump and disruptions in the credit and capital markets.
“I’ve seen the work that’s been done this year,” said Ms. Ryan, 31, a homemaker.
“We cannot afford it,” said a corn buyer at Kato Kagaku, a Japanese maker of corn starch and corn syrup.
No, the really dark moment came during the closing credits, when we are asked to .
The Red Bulls (9-7-8, 35 points) enter the game against the league-leading Crew with a 4-1-3 record in their past eight games.
The Associated Press reported that his survivors also include two other daughters and a son.
Even before she became the arbiter of etiquette, it seemed abundantly clear to Mrs. Edwin Post that one spouse does not buy a 129-foot schooner without consulting the other.
By the end of the first year of production, nearly one million cans had been sold, mostly in Montreal.
Some of the videos have been viewed half a million times.
Before entering politics in the 1970s, he taught at Texas A & M University.
“We just had our backs against the wall.
The company opened its first American store in Los Angeles about a year and a half ago.
Her lawyer, Jack Furlong, said she would be eligible for a tightly controlled parole program after six months.
It was rush hour in Venice, so the canal’s usual tumult of crosscurrents and tides was churning with the wake of water taxis, ferries and delivery boats.
“I get the Wii, or I go out more.
“It’s a tough life even when the economy is reasonably good.”
It was that kind of morning at Royal Birkdale, already a tough course in benign conditions but a brute in a chilly tempest like Thursday’s, which had players piling on layers as if they were heading for a chair lift instead of the tee box.
This was a great watering hole in the Village where journalists, novelists, political hacks and more honest types bent many an elbow in one another’s company.
Under Bush administration policy, federal money can be spent for research on only a small number of approved embryonic stem cell lines.
It is a perfect situation, save for one undesirable wrinkle: Moyer has pitched poorly in each of his October starts, taking the Phillies’ lone loss in each of their first two series, and has a 13.50 earned run average.
Molly Siegel, its lead singer, spent a lot of time wailing “Whoo-ooh!” with a giant grin.
The company posted sales of $1.5 billion for the third quarter, a 17 percent increase over the previous year in a big year for the video game industry.
Richard Westenburg, a choral conductor who founded the Musica Sacra Chorus and Orchestra in 1964 and made it one of the most renowned choruses in New York by the end of the 1970s, died on Wednesday at a hospital in Norwalk, Conn.
And when parts of the slurry wall were rebuilt after 9/11, engineers found areas where the rock anchors that stabilize the wall would not hold, meaning there were voids in the bedrock.
But three months later, only days before the session ended, Ms. Wyman’s revised numbers showed the state would end up with a deficit that keeps inching upwards.
The rooms are small, but there are 12 windows facing west, offering views of sunsets and the Eiffel Tower.
He seemed to cut it off early — to catch the Giants playoff game.
“Now, they’re asking me for a lot more information.”
The Fed said the program, in which investment houses can tap the central bank for a quick source of cash, will be available through Jan. 30.
You will see the truth, but not the whole truth.” Mr. Teng has also been in a group of lawyers who represent dissidents and take politically delicate cases.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY DAVID HUNSINGER FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
Nor did he use occasions of extreme meteorology as opportunities to push representation to the brink of abstraction.
The excavation team, which was formed nine months ago, has conducted 2,772 inspections on 1,685 sites, forcing half of those with active excavation to stop work at least temporarily.
On Wednesday afternoon, Mrs. Obama spoke with the first lady, Laura Bush, who invited her and her daughters to visit the White House soon.
Mr. Spitzer (who, by the way, escaped federal charges on Thursday in the prostitution scandal that had forced him to resign) came on like gangbusters after his vaunted Day 1.
“But the bigger picture is that there hasn’t really been a major breakdown considering all the bad headlines out there,” he said, “from higher oil prices to the credit crisis and troubled housing sector.” The Dow Jones industrial average rose 26.62 points, or 0.23 percent, to 11,412.87.
CONNOR ENNIS The Kid in Dorsey NORTH LITTLE ROCK, Ark.
Researchers at the University of California and the International Rice Research Institute in the Philippines are developing rice that can survive flooding, which causes major crop losses for poor farmers in the lowlands of India and other countries.
We have opened a door that we can no longer shut.
Nor will many be bold enough to create a bed frame out of stacked honeycomb cardboard, as Mr. Wolfe-Pauly did.
Brenda Jefferson, also known as Brenda Foster, admitted to helping conceal the scheme.
And in contrast to the duo’s previous three releases, this album was approached with some song fragments at hand.
Paula Radcliffe of Britain holds the world record of 2:15:25.
From Other Newspapers The Village Voice examines the suicide of a 17-year-old man , Steven Morales, at Rikers Island.
He signed off on collateral damage, and Kearney turned to Caroon: “Take out the compound.
Ms. Cedeño returned the next day to a blackened, empty living room.
A few twists and turns later, Sofia will join Harry and Barbara when they set off to rescue Bernie.
I work near the 500 Kent Avenue power plant, and until it was recently covered in scaffolding, I marveled at its high-arching windows and gorgeous facade each time I drove south on Kent.
It’s peculiar because it’s hard to understand why Coe, an accomplished novelist, did (it seems) everything in his power to distance his readers from the characters and situations he wishes to portray; reading along, it’s hard not to think of Alice, bored by a book without pictures or conversations.
“Sir, what do you want to do?” Caroon asked Kearney.
In the Lilly test, the drug was slightly less effective over all than Zyprexa, which is considered the most effective among the widely used schizophrenia treatments.
Cereal and lots of coffee in the morning can do wonders for someone who had to leave home at 4 a.m. Pretzels and peanuts handed out with drinks make a difference in an era of flight cancellations and long security lines.
Ms. Doan said in a statement, “It has been a great privilege to serve our nation and a great president.” The agency said that its deputy administrator, David L. Bibb, a career employee, would take over, at least for the time being.
If she carried a lost campaign all the way to the convention, she would be driven not by a cause but by personal disappointment and thwarted ambition.
It is not clear that Mr. Yang will get the time he needs to carry out his plan.
They said this city would never flood.
“I’d like to say that we all have secret lives — and that’s why we come here,” said Mary Burrell, a longtime member of the congregation.
In their blow-out iterations, the eighth-grade bashes borrow from bar and bat mitzvahs for 13-year-olds, quinceañeras for Latina 15-year-olds and sweet 16 parties.
Touring the Harrison house is a sobering experience for the pampered consumer.
has asked that Donaghy pay close to $1.4 million in restitution for expenses ranging from the cost to review games for which Donaghy was a referee to portions of his pay.
We’re sad, but not surprised.
Lock in liberal systems where you can.
And, just like the epic battle between the sexes, it can be a bit inconsistent.
With this decision, the court might be indicating a greater appreciation that when companies do wrong, there needs to be a legal means of holding them accountable.
Given the perils of negotiating rank, many species have evolved dramatized status contests, relying on symbolic displays of physical size and force to peacefully sort out who’s on top.
They had spoken by telephone earlier in the week.
“Though there is much focus, understandably, on extremism associated with the perversion of the proper faith of Islam,” Mr. Blair said, “there are elements of extremism in every major faith.” Mr. Blair recently converted to Catholicism, from Anglicanism, but dates his religious awakening to his student days at Oxford.
At 7 p.m., the Miller Theater, 2960 Broadway, at 116th Street, Morningside Heights, alvinailey.org ; free.
“Why don’t they just take Google down?” he asked.
Once, these animals were raised locally (even many New Yorkers remember the pigs of Secaucus), reducing transportation costs and allowing their manure to be spread on nearby fields.
The answer is, probably not until 2010 or later.
Within the Alternative Asset Group, the current regional leadership of FEG and Infrastructure will continue in their respective roles.
On election night, it lived up to its name.
She was an accompanist for a children’s choir and brought her piano sheet music so she could practice.
The kitchen, recently renovated, has built-in office space and a breakfast bar; the master bath has a windowed shower and heated towel racks.
“I’m just trying to take everything nice and easy.
PAGE A7 Saturday Profile A Wealthy Saudi Mired in Limbo After the Sept. 11 attacks, the United States froze the ample worldwide assets of Yassin Kadi, a worldly Saudi businessman who was designated as a terrorist supporter, and the Saudi government told him not to leave the country.
In e-mail exchanges, these experts said the eliminated program, the Center for Capacity Building, was unique in its blend of research and training in struggling countries.
“I always felt that Chase was lucky to have someone with Jeff’s baseball experience,” Dave said.
Another pool is planned to be added next year, and an existing spa and a fitness center are scheduled to be overhauled then as well.
Mr. Isenberg said that after breakfast, he escorted Mr. Rangel across the room, where the lobbyist for Nabors, Kenneth J. Kies, was waiting.
“The Ukrainian business elite was born too quickly,” he said, adding that “there was no sense of social responsibility.” The country’s current predicament is not entirely the fault of its leaders.
He is also survived by the family's three dogs that he loved, Coco, Penny, and his favorite Marley-O; they brought him great joy, comfort and companionship.
Mr. Lewis said the results were not acceptable and announced 3,000 layoffs across the company at the time.
Contact Martin Funeral Home in Clinton, NJ at 908-735-7180 or www.martinfh.com for Service Information.
While some children have improved, most seem to have ongoing problems such as social phobias, the author says, and experts are not sure how to define recovery or whether it exists.
The $19.1 million contract is set to expire next August, after which officials from within the Education Department will conduct the site visits.
I studied music at the University of Illinois and worked on a research project that looked at making it easier for children to play stringed instruments.
PAGE A11 GERMANY PREPARES TO GREET BUSH When Chancellor Angela Merkel plays host to President Bush this week, Mr. Bush will use the time to talk about the Middle East, energy security and, above all, Iran's nuclear program.
The verdict came after more than three weeks of testimony, the highlight of which was Mr. Stevens’s taking the calculated risk of testifying in his own defense.
Michael Flores, senior adviser to Mr. Jimenez, said the union was looking into its options.
He said his improved putting had helped his ball-striking, allowing him to swing freely without worrying about having to hit the ball closer to the hole.
; Feb. 13: A preview reception of the Black Fine Art Show at the Puck Building.
The queen flies first to a new location and the worker bees follow, protecting her and setting up a new home.
Teammates rank Dwight Lowery among the most serious of Jets .
Previous studies have shown a correlation between insurance status and the stage of diagnosis for particular cancers.
At first blush, then, this festival, sponsored by Make magazine, is a gathering place of pyromaniacs and noise junkies, the multiply pierced and the extensively tattooed.
It had never been cleaned.
“He’s literally watching himself as he works the room.” Asked if he thought Mr. Sondheim would share all these observations, Mr. Evans just laughed.
Many of Dr. Pentland’s research studies with smartphones and badges with embedded sensors are discussed in his new book, “Honest Signals,” recently published by MIT Press.
“While you’re watching the games with your friends or lamenting your busted bracket over the water cooler, don’t forget to tell your friends about your support for John McCain,” urged the e-mail.
Douglas M. Steenland, Northwest’s chief executive, had agreed to step aside if the carriers combined.
Housing prices plummeted, storefronts remained empty for years, business stagnated and opportunity dried up.
But it does provide glimpses of Goldman’s roadmap as it transforms itself into a commercial bank.
There is, however, a rush of business in the weeks before and after the break.
“It’s a very good way for people who don’t want the responsibility of having their own staff,” Mr. Sherwin said.
A two-week celebration of Hungarian music next winter will include the first New York appearance of the composer and pianist Gyorgy Kurtag, whose music will be featured in three programs.
At one time, J R Labor Consultants also served as a disability adviser.
Its offerings now include a New American Welcome Center, where immigrants can learn English and become familiar with the mores of their adopted country; guitar lessons (guitar provided) for children; mambo, salsa, belly dancing, yoga and pilates classes for adults; and Saturday morning tumbling for 3- to 5-year olds.
Arranged chronologically around the walls of a small room in the African galleries (the museum needs to find a better space for its temporary African shows), the exhibition begins with a display of early Ghanaian glass beads dating to about the mid-19th century.
Sept. 27 at 8 p.m. $5 to $40.
After cruising through the group stage, the United States was upset by Greece, 101-95, in the semifinal.
“You might not meet left-wings, liberals and bookworms,” he said.
“At this point, we will try to help Alitalia survive as long as possible,” Mr. Berti told reporters in central Rome.
The net flow of money out of real estate funds totaled $7.16 billion in 2007, according to the fund tracker AMG Data Services, the first annual redemption in eight years.
N.Y.U.’s Skirball Center auditorium was too small for real fireworks, but the imagineers were able to demonstrate how they get different colors into the shooting explosions by adding various substances like copper and strontium.
The audit report covers only money that flowed through the N.R.C.C.
Comedy reverts to a childlike mix of silliness and bathroom crudity — the humor of bodily dysfunctions.
It confirmed the death of the following American on Wednesday: BROWN, Lerando J., 27, Specialist, Army; Gulfport, Miss.
Such a move could cost taxpayers billions more because it would virtually wipe out the federal deposit insurance fund.
Over the weekend, Mr. Paterson had cited Mrs. Rell as an influence on him for the spirit of bipartisanship she displayed when ascending to the top job.
Nowadays, when few people have the time, space, money or inclination to store wine for years, Barolo and its Piedmont sibling, Barbaresco, can seem almost anachronistic.
The Justice Ministry said that the Swiss government had sought Taiwan ’s help in a money-laundering investigation involving the former president’s son and daughter-in-law.
“It’s a gap, to say the least,” said Robert Gibbs, the campaign’s communications director, of the disparity in party fund-raising.
“There is no fundamental reason not to achieve it,” Mr. Kagermann said.
to act on a few products marketed as nanotechnology, like Samsung’s Silvercare washing machine and Iogear’s computer mice .
More importantly, they have two games in hand, having played 64 games to 66 for everyone from the fourth-place Devils down to the ninth-place Sabres.
If the experimenter used spatial terms when speaking to a child, saying, “I’m putting the card in the top” (or “middle” or “bottom”), as opposed to, “I’m putting the card here,” the children were much likelier to find the correct spot in the second box.
There was nothing to do but stay put, with Mr. Morgia feeding the steam engine coal all night.
The Legislature on Thursday established a commission to propose new measures to help people like Lavennia Coover, a 36-year-old divorced mother of three and kindergarten teacher who was at the end of her rope, financially and emotionally, when she made the wrenching decision to hand over her son.
The men set off fireworks to chase away evil spirits as wads of paper money smoldered amid the rubble.
And rolling past a host of almost alien-looking geological formations, cliff-top Anasazi dwellings and pristine wildlife habitat, it is something of a greatest hits album of southern Utah's attractions.
As the grades rise, so do the required levels of precision.
The arsenal included seven pipe bombs and two pounds of what the police called a “low-explosive powder”; a sawed-off shotgun and a crossbow with arrows; another pipe bomb, hidden in a foam football; and other rifles, including pellet guns.
Ms. Tooher left the integrity commission at the end of last month after receiving an offer from Inspector General Fisch, but the inquiry has kept her from joining his staff, people briefed on the investigation said.
Of course, the most dangerous rumors are the ones that aren’t true, especially the ones that send stocks south.
“Sovereign wealth fund money should be welcomed,” Mr. Paulson said.
Everyone said Mr. Ellison was bound to fail.
The half dozen examples of his work here make a strong case for his talent as an artist, indeed as someone who deserves more attention from art historians.
Joy reigned again at Shea Stadium, where the Mets, fueled by two runs batted in each by Fernando Tatis and Ramón Castro, defeated the first-place Florida Marlins , 5-3, to snap a two-game losing streak and win for only the second time in nine games.
Of course, this method requires the use of that pesky little keypad, which can be annoying.
“Typically, people book a year or more in advance,” he said.
Many Greeks work a second or third job to make ends meet.
The press was outraged, calling Guo “Super Plagiarism Boy,” a play on “Super Voice Girls,” the Chinese equivalent of “American Idol.” When the author Wang Shuo, famous for his best-selling novels about Beijing drifters and lowlifes published in the late 1980s and early ’90s, denounced Guo as an “out-and-out thief” with “no sense of decency,” Guo replied that it was only “normal for the previous generation to discipline the later generation.” Guo remains unbothered by the episode.
He was typing on a laptop.
And in combat, no one is more important to their soldiers, sailors, marines, and airmen, and to the officers who command them, than the sergeant and petty officer.
Workers must also describe in full the physical demands of their rail jobs.
But Mr. Obama’s purpose, obviously, was to open a direct channel between his candidacy and the personal lives of Americans, rather than open up about himself.
And the fact that we admire each other and like each other — that helps, too.” Ms. Mann is in her 17th season as artistic director at the McCarter.
Likewise, the actor Tom Hanks declared himself “bored” with the campaign last week, and his view is no doubt representative of some people (and of course everyone cares what Hollywood types think about politics).
And game by productive game, the Mets are starting to do the same.
Then a month of healing followed the surgery before the device was turned on.
Too often, the student mind — not to mention the business mind — is looking for a formula to latch onto that will provide tried-and-true ways of solving problems.
The plan, as broadly described by the two officials, would be the latest step by the Treasury Department, which oversees the I.R.S., to find ways to ease the credit crisis that is agitating financial institutions.
SLAP SHOTS The Rangers’ one lineup move, putting forward Ryan Hollweg in place of Petr Prucha, seemed to backfire when Hollweg took the critical boarding penalty that led to the Penguins’ game-winning goal.
In fact, because the text entry box is magnified and hints are available, this software is an example of how technology can improve upon the traditional puzzles — as long as you remember to keep the DS’s battery charged.
In Ordos, the buildings will stand alone, “100 sculptures competing for attention,” said Preston Scott Cohen, 46, an architect in Cambridge, Mass., and a professor at Harvard, on a cluster of lots ranging from just a quarter-acre to a half-acre.
“But the moment the coalition starts to focus on the details, it starts breaking apart.
Ms. Mutlaq was no exception: her older brother had already taken the same path, detonating a suicide vest on June 10 during a shootout with Iraqi government forces.
Pat Russell, a garden member, grabbed the tattered remnants of an American flag that had once flown from the tower and folded it neatly, while others took bits of weathered wood as souvenirs.
Others were notified in letters or by e-mail, Ms. Tomassi said.
Security cameras captured Mr. Rivera, who was on line at the restaurant, getting into an argument with Officer Hernandez and then starting to punch him.
The turnover of provosts — the chief academic officers — has only strengthened the hand of Mr. Murtha, the chief finance officer.
Roger was a towering figure in the breeding, showing and owning of dogs, specifically Afghan Hounds, since the early 1970s and making history for winning over 300 Best in Show awards with his family's 100 Grandeur champions.
“But she does.” Kim said: “I’d like to say he has a college degree.
This means that the only drag occurs at the tail end of the stride, when muscles are actually working to slow the leg down.
Dara Godfrey showed off a triple-tier cocktail dress.
MO WILLEMS (Tuesday) Plenty of people actually like pigeons.
Five relief pitchers worked Monday and two — Brian Stokes and Duaner Sánchez — suffered the most.
Then they were told that issues would come out bimonthly.
His loss will leave a great void, and he will be missed by his many friends and family members.
Parks, who has not been charged with a crime, have prompted people across the city to go through the mental what-ifs that once were an everyday burden.
As a senator or presidential candidate, Mr. McCain prefers to make decisions by consulting experts with opposing views, preferably watching them clash.
Members of Kraham Realty of Forest Hills mourn the loss of Sylvia Miller and send our condolences to Samuel Miller and his entire family.
In March 2007, agents caught 5,571 in the Yuma sector; this March, they caught 751.
“Thank you to my grandmother, who helped raise me and is sitting in Hawaii somewhere right now because she can’t travel, but who poured everything she had into me and who helped me become the man I am today,” Mr. Obama said.
Within seconds, the two players were exchanging thunderous blows, and the song “Kung Fu Fighting” was pumping loudly over the public address system at the Aviator Sports and Recreation Complex.
Ford vivisects every sacred cow in “post-racist” America.
But it’s not a fluke, either.
The candidates have largely avoided these questions, but the next president will not be able to escape them.
Russia and the United States are competing for influence in the Caucasus, which the West sees as a vital route for exporting oil from the Caspian Sea.
20, IV, III, II, I — yes, the four sections are played in reverse order).
He helped the third wife of Henry Ford II, Kathleen DuRoss Ford, win an estate settlement from Ford family members of $10.5 million a year after Mr. Ford’s death.
But no matter how much Ms. Peyton’s photographs have improved, my advice to her is to stick to what she knows.
The students started in mid-April.
One strategy that has cast a stigma over the industry is called typo-squatting — registering domain names with variations and misspellings of major brand names, in the hopes that Web users will inadvertently stumble upon the sites.
At the height of “Goosebumps,” there was also a television series and talk of a possible movie.
Reservations are required for the programs, by calling or by sending an e-mail message to programs@bgc.bard.edu .
In lieu of flowers, donations to the Mary Louise Bunaes Scholarship Fund would be welcome at the Church of St. Sacrement, 4879 Lake Shore Drive, Bolton Landing, NY 12814.
“I don’t see why you have a problem,” Justice Scalia told the solicitor general.
The bride’s father is the managing general partner in Elmrock Partners, an investment firm in Manhattan.
“My thoughts were intertwined, not making sense,” he said in a recent interview.
As Christmas approaches, concertgoers who bought tickets for the now-bankrupt Baltimore Opera Company won’t be left out in the cold.
Film composers, who need to work in all manner of styles, tend to develop suction-cup ears, and Mr.
But he changes that tone in a flash and becomes so endearingly friendly that there was a moment, deep into his opening-night performance, when the entire room was quietly rapt — not what you would expect at Joe’s Pub, where silverware clangs while waiters circle.
Parliament members, meeting for the first time since Kenya’s election crisis erupted last month, shouted at one another for an hour and a half over how to vote for a new speaker — whether the vote should be in secret — and then shouted some more when it came time to decide where to put the ballot box.
The driver of the car, Jonathan Boykins, 24, was idling at a stop signal on East 184th Street near Tiebout Avenue in the Tremont section of the Bronx, the police said, when shots pierced the window of his sedan, hitting the girl.
Moreover, democracies under pressure can still pose obstacles to creeping authoritarianism.
The Afghan government now wants a multilateral agreement between Afghanistan and members of the international community, specifically covering NATO, the United States-led coalition and the forces of Operation Enduring Freedom, Mr. Hamidzada said.
Whenever Roy Halladay pitches, it is throwback night already.
I’ll admit, I felt disjointed on Saturday when I arrived here for the final showdown between the Red Sox and the Rays.
Excerpts from 90 operas have been performed over the years, more than 30 of which have gone on to full productions at various companies.
Among them was Paulo Lobo, the trainer of Gayego.
He also has a marketing consulting firm and teaches marketing at the Stern School of Business at New York University.
When they presented it to him, Mr. Schwarzenbach said he immediately saw its potential.
They agreed on little, and at times ministers demonstrated against their own government.
Gómez is one of many young new faces whose play has kept the Twins in the thick of the American League Central race, even after the star center fielder Torii Hunter and the ace pitcher Johan Santana left in the off-season.
“There was definitely more elbow room,” said John D. Morris, a Wachovia analyst whose retail team fanned out at malls across the country on Friday.
That’s certainly possible ­ and, to be clear, we’d love to see the race last that long ­ but it’s folly to write about this as if it is likely.
Not Ward and June Cleaver.
“A little fog, a little drizzle — those are the good days,” Mark Forker, the movie’s director of special effects, remarked one morning in late April while the crew was shooting some of the final scenes in the book on a stretch of scraggly duneland by the shore of Lake Erie here.
Mr. Nigro offers sage, if occasionally hard to swallow, counsel on the matter of reducing personal expenditures in a section titled “How to Live on Less Than $20 a Day.” He recommends eating relatively inexpensive foods like oatmeal, grapefruit, bananas and beans, and drinking tap water in lieu of bottled water.
Rabbi Charles G. Agin is to participate in the ceremony.
Dazzled by the potential profit margin, he phones every boutique in Spain and asks for one.
(''On the Flip of a Coin,'' about a father and son, is a notable exception.)
Unemployment insurance is not as generous now.
She was 80 years old.
Older women; blacks; women with an underlying disease like diabetes , hypertension , clotting or metabolic disorders; women who had a prior Caesarean delivery; and those who remain pregnant well past their due date also face a higher-than-average risk of stillbirth.
It was also more than 2 seconds faster than the 1:53 clocking of Badlands Nitro, the other elimination winner.
Service Sunday 2:15pm at Riverside Memorial Chapel on West 76th St. and Amsterdam.
The Cowboys have not won a playoff game in 11 years, spanning four games and four coaching regimes.
WITH: James Snyder (Cry-Baby), Elizabeth Stanley (Allison), Chester Gregory II (Dupree), Christopher J. Hanke (Baldwin), Alli Mauzey (Lenora), Carly Jibson (Pepper), Lacey Kohl (Wanda), Richard Poe (Judge Stone), Tory Ross (Mona) and Harriet Harris (Mrs. Vernon-Williams).
The review is being conducted by the city’s Investigations Department, which normally looks into cases of public corruption.
officials said, was to wear their masks in the airport.
By this fall, Ms. Palin’s self-assurance was evident when she told Charles Gibson, the ABC News anchor, that she had not hesitated when Mr. McCain asked her to join the ticket, never wondered whether she was experienced enough.
At a recent conference of the Slow Food movement in San Francisco, the Indian environmental activist Vandana Shiva denounced the Gates Foundation as being the “greatest threat to farmers in the developing world.” Critics like Shiva note with concern that the Gates Foundation has hired from major agricultural multinationals a number of senior officials, including, notably, Rob Horsch, a leading agronomist who spent much of his career with the agricultural biotech company Monsanto.
We really have shared a lot of things together.
Then she picked up a knife, sliced into a fish, plucked out the guts and filleted it.
You can contain him, contain him, contain him, and then all of a sudden, it’s over.” On talent alone, Scott could be a late first-day pick in April’s N.F.L.
The trains are the advertised feature and they are among the show’s few non-botanical elements; they are even designed to run outdoors, their motors and gears equipped with weatherproof casing that protects them from the humid greenhouse air.
More than 15 NFL records, including career receptions, touchdowns and yards from scrimmage.
The game itself, the legends game and the Home Run Derby are taking place in the South Bronx, since that is where the stadium is, as well as the new one being erected.
Two minutes later it occurred to me that I didn’t want to find out too late that the pill I had swallowed would interact with the anesthesia, even if I had updated my “pull the plug” document.
“Troopers worked their way into the woods while helicopters found it by air.” One of the crash survivors used a cellphone to contact a person in Texas who had something to do with the operation of the plane, Mr. Peters said, and that person called the F.A.A.’s flight service station in Leesburg, Va. A medical evacuation helicopter found the aircraft, Mr. Peters said.
He has long called for eliminating income taxes for older people with less than $50,000 in income.
Buyer: Les Lerner Seller: Richard Young Brokers: Richard T. Guarino and Luigi Vigliotti, Extreme Realty L.L.C.
Some of them were holding on to decency in an indecent world; others had nearly let it slip through their fingers.
A call later confirmed that the museum has essentially nothing about how newspapers are made today, and thus nothing about the lowly yet exalted copy editor.
Lucy’s father, a researcher at the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta, hanged himself after the plague vial went missing.
On Tuesday, Rick Wagoner, G.M.
Many of his colleagues in Brazil’s agricultural heartland are doing the same.
Ilya Kovalchuk, the league’s leading goal scorer, collected his 34th of the season, scoring an empty-net goal with 15 seconds remaining.
Cy was also Vice Chairman of the Songwriters Hall of Fame and an active member of the Motion Picture Academy of Arts and Sciences.
He had a second seizure within a week.
In the complaint, William F. Galvin, secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, cited numerous and sometimes urgent e-mail messages indicating that as early as last August UBS executives knew the market was imperiled.
To the Editor: Re “An Agent, a Green Card, and a Demand for Sex” (front page, March 21): Sadly, this latest story of abuse of power by an agent in the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services comes as little surprise.
OTHER NEW RELEASES BECOMING JANE Anne Hathaway stars in a romanticized version of Jane Austen’s early life.
With many of these customers disappearing while others have pulled back on technology spending, Sun has found itself in a difficult position, trying to move the newest models of hardware and software.
“Institutions are investing much more in study abroad, the field is becoming professionalized, and that means it costs more money,” said Brian J. Whalen, president of the Forum on Education Abroad at Dickinson College, which recently issued study abroad guidelines emphasizing the need for cost transparency but not mandating any particular pricing system.
The Kremlin and its apologists always have the same explanation: look how bad things were; surely the most important thing is to rein in the oligarchs and restore political and economic stability.
“We have the utmost love for His Holiness and respect for his leadership, and we know where Tibet would be now without him.
The Deqin area lies in Yunnan Province, right outside the Tibet Autonomous Region.
So does Jo’s attitude toward babies: She hates the very idea of them.
“We don’t manage for volume or market share for the sake of market share,” the executive, Rick Simonson, said.
Very tender!” — to varying combinations of charming and needy.
It is allegedly going to mean heightened interest, leading to renewed respect among US sports fans, and then, well, who knows?
In 2006, State Senator Kenneth P. LaValle added to the money available for the park with $1 million for an environmental education center.
After the Cardinals took a 3-0 lead in the first quarter, Manning connected with Sinorice Moss on a 12-yard play on third down to set up the Giants’ first touchdown, a 1-yard run by Derrick Ward.
“The Senate leadership took an unprecedented gamble when they attached a package of tax extenders to the emergency financial rescue legislation,” Mr. Rangel said.
XM’s system will also track sports scores, stock listings, fuel prices and the availability of spaces in parking garages in downtown areas, displaying them in an easy-to-grasp view on a navigation screen.
Before leaving Trenton, Mr. Kantowitz and Mr. Kleinman talked about the possibility of a return trip on another of Ms. Mason’s cases.
“Those that make the most money for the company are given the salary increases,” she said.
The party’s chairman, Craig Swaggert, said in an interview that Mr. Bloomberg is “a very progressive leader and very in line with our policies and platforms,” which made him at one point an attractive choice for president.
The action shifts to a global scale, as the Corleones conquer Nevada and, very nearly, Cuba — and Mr. Coppola rises to the occasion with a sense of physical scale and epic conflict that no amount of computer-generated-imagery enhancement has yet been able to reproduce.
“I think we’ll see a miserable job market and, consequently, an eroded standard of living for the vast majority of Americans for several years,” said Lawrence Mishel, president of the Economic Policy Institute, a liberal research organization in Washington.
“We recognize that this has been tried before.
The first suit was dismissed; the second wound its way up to the Court of Appeals, the state’s highest court, where it is still pending.
To much of the world, the bombing may have appeared to be another in a series of escalating attacks by militants looking to destabilize the American-backed administration of President Hamid Karzai.
(One man simply brandished a copy of his résumé and asked the billionaire mayor for a job “with a six-figure salary.”) But it was the opponents who brought the most passion — and raw anger — to the stately setting.
Manuel, nodded toward a group of long-retired major leaguers that included Al Downing, Joe Moeller and Darrell Jackson, and said with a chuckle, “There might be some old guys out here who can help us.” Manuel’s sense of humor was apparent last September as well, when the travails of the Mets’ bullpen left him with two choices: laugh or cry.
In a statement, Bradford L. Smith, senior vice president and general counsel of Microsoft, said: “If search is the gateway to the Internet, and most believe that it is, this deal will put Google in a position to own that gateway and the information that flows through it.
By law, the new president must conduct a review of the nation’s nuclear posture, and Mr. Gates’s address could be viewed as advocating a specific agenda for the next occupant of the White House.
Ever since the invention of agriculture, Smail claims, we have seen “an ever greater concentration of mood-altering mechanisms.” Some of these mechanisms Smail refers to as “teletropic”: they work primarily to affect the moods of others, stimulating a wash of neurochemicals at a distance.
Fire destroyed the home of Mike Gilson, owner of the Big Sur Bakery & Restaurant, leaving only a chimney and charred walls.
It seems to me that “Sneak Previews” and its descendants, far from advancing the vulgarization of film criticism, extended its reach and strengthened its essentially democratic character.
The bride, who will continue to use her name professionally, graduated from Vassar.
ALMOST a half-century ago, two teams were getting ready to play at Yankee Stadium for the championship of the National Football League.
“So you will see more troubled, more failed banks this year.” And yet IndyMac, one of the nation’s largest mortgage lenders, was not on the government’s troubled bank list this spring — an indication that other troubled banks may be below the radar.
“We don’t eat them as sweet in Belgium,” said Greg Galel, an owner, “but Americans seem to prefer them sweet.” The store took over what had been the tea shop Tavalon, and still sells those teas, along with coffees and smoothies.
Though reconciliation seemed to be likely last year, the Mutambara faction ended up supporting an independent candidate, Simba Makoni, in last month’s presidential election.
“The government is going through all their funding options,” a banker advising the Pakistani government said.
“Our job as the city government is to restore these neighborhoods,” he said.
He hounded the candidates about contradictions to statements made on his Sunday morning talk show.
Brad Lubman conducted the Wordless Music Orchestra in the Adams and Greenwood works; the Bryars was unconducted.
In the next couple of months, I want to get the agency on a glide path to see what we can do to improve the integrity of the data.
The Mass at St. Patrick’s was celebrated on the next-to-last day of the pope’s visit, which began Tuesday in Washington.
Mr. Koerber pulled off seven others like it that year.
Underneath, I’m paddling, paddling, paddling.” Gibbs says he’s not nervous.
Mr. Epstein, 31, is a vice president and financial adviser at the global wealth management division of AllianceBernstein, the investment management company in New York.
Typically, a defender can lawfully use deadly force only to prevent death, rape , kidnapping or bodily injury serious enough to cause long-term loss or impairment of a body part or organ.
Now, many people can recognize fonts by name.
But he could also face a rival power center within his own administration with her on his team.
UCLA-USC is becoming a better basketball rivalry than a football one.
Ms. Clark, 58, a former academic with a reputation for a serious, even dour, demeanor, has led the country since 1999, making her one of the world’s longest-serving elected female leaders.
I wanted him to see what it was like so they would hurry up.” Officials determined that “old age” had caused the break in a 12-foot pipe that had been laid around 1923, according to Steven W. Lawitts, first deputy commissioner of New York City’s Department of Environmental Protection, which runs the water and sewer system.
To further complicate matters, Dr. Penninx suggested that her physically healthy subjects might have a different kind of depression.
career –- in addition to being one of the great Michigan quarterbacks of all time –- taking the Bears and the Colts to the playoffs (coming within a Hail Mary pass of an A.F.C.
The Environmental Defense Fund’s embrace of corporate partners has won it some credibility in a business world that is often skeptical of environmental activism.
But things were never the same, he said.
The decision has been made that the United States will have a nuclear weapons stockpile.
With 1.1 seconds left, Royal Ivey threw the ball in to Andrew Bogut, who found Sessions open in the corner.
Riverside Memorial Chapel, 180 West 76th St. Josh Friedman, Dinah Lefkowitz, Miriam Alimonos
The true reason why the current rebate has been so popular in Washington is that giving away free money in an election year is good for politicians of both parties.
A French designer of auto interiors set up shop upstairs.
He makes a weird pose, too, and his traveling press corps goes nuts: Still can’t get enough campaign references in your life?
Katie McAuliffe has tended bar there for six years and she laughed as she considered the difference in fan outlook.
Are your co-workers likely to treat you differently now that your friend is their boss?
In addition to killing a senior rebel leader, Raúl Reyes, Colombia said it recovered his laptop computer, whose contents were at the center of several allegations on Monday.
The living space is open and inviting, but it has some awkwardly placed columns.
Some board members from a group of dissidents calling itself the Acorn 8 questioned the meeting.
Watching her, he said, laughing, “You start realizing how old you are.” On a warm, windy day, Mallory played with a poise that belied her years.
Michelle Obama, who last week stood up for her husband’s common touch on “The Colbert Report,” tried to prove it by taping a segment of “Rachael Ray” alongside Barack Obama on Monday.
The buds are seldom given the chance to open, however, as they are harvested to be cooked soon after they form.
“Delay is no longer an option.
The bride is the stepdaughter of Deborah Campbell and of Peter Ponne.
Obviously, Eliot Spitzer got where he is by being pugnacious.
typically spends a substantial portion of its budget on food aid to sub-Saharan Africa; the hope with the new program is that, over time, the resulting increased quality and productivity will help the African agriculture market itself become much more effective in delivering food.
“It was just going through the definitions and making sure.” Jurors said the victim’s demeanor on the witness stand impressed them.
Almost all newspaper music critics have stories of leafleting or letter-writing campaigns against them.
One of Jesely Salcedo’s favorite memories, though, is of the visit with Ms. Duggan’s mother, who hid foil-covered chocolate leprechauns in her backyard.
Elections to fill vacant legislative seats will be delayed by two months, to Aug. 18 from June 18, the Election Commission announced.
In remarks delivered from the naval base on the 225th anniversary of the Black Sea Fleet’s inception, the mayor said that Khrushchev had never intended to give Sevastopol to Ukraine and urged a review of the current arrangement.
She has never won a WTA title because she spends most of her time on the Challenger tour.
80 Hanson Place, at South Portland Avenue, Fort Greene, Brooklyn, (718) 230-0492, mocada.org .
Do I wait until she’s in high school to break it to her that if she decides to plant her roots in California or Utah , her role in presidential elections will be less significant than her voice in deciding who should be eliminated in the next episode of “Dancing With the Stars”?
and relief programs asserted that there really was a larger public worth thinking about, transcending individual need and desire.
I get a lot of business reference calls, and I’ll be asked: ‘Did so-and-so work well with others?
They say they want to preserve a role for private insurers, subject to new federal regulations intended to protect consumers.
In interviews after the raid, several workers said Mr. Amara was a floor manager with more authority than line supervisors.
He got in touch with Tom Daschle , the former Senate Democratic leader who had quietly been serving as the liaison between Mr. Obama and fellow senators.
EMERYVILLE, Calif.-- LeapFrog Enterprises needs a knockout hit.
He would not back down.
“Urinary symptoms are mild and less likely to lead to bladder and other urinary tract damage.” A more severe form of B.P.H.
The panel had to subpoena the safety agency to get about 300,000 pages of documents concerning the mine; it also received about 100,000 pages of documents from Murray Energy.
“If not reversed, these developments, together with a pace of growth that is likely to fall short of potential for a time, should lead inflation to moderate later this year and next year.” Addressing more than 100 invitees from Wall Street, academia and government, as well as foreign central bankers, Mr. Bernanke described what some of his aides said were exploratory proposals for gradually improving credit market oversight so there would not be another crisis like the one set off a year ago by the surge in defaults on subprime mortgages.
ROYALS 3, CARDINALS 2 David DeJesus and Alex Gordon hit solo home runs in the eighth inning, rallying Kansas City past host St. Louis.
Also, nongovernmental faith-based and community groups detect and treat an unknown number of cases that they do not report to health officials.
And he won awards for citizenship and sportsmanship while playing in two Super Bowls.
He is the son of Anthula Carozi Gross and John Gross of Chevy Chase, Md.
tournament game, the first woman to dunk twice in one game and the second woman to dunk in a W.N.B.A.
effort to upgrade avionics equipment in planes and on the ground.
BON IVER “For Emma, Forever Ago” (Jagjaguwar).
I plan on resting at home over the next few weeks and focusing my energy on returning to the Stadium for its final Opening Day.
After glorying in the largess earlier this year, Mr. Jindal has gone to issuing sober news releases about hiring freezes and the new austerity.
His earliest bits drew on memories of an urban youth: sticky mousetraps, disobedient Slinky toys, sidewalk games and chants.
Igawa (0-1), who was just called up from Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, gave up 6 runs and 11 hits in three-plus innings.
It is because his lower back is killing him.
Bill, for the worst reasons.
Aides to the president-elect say he does not oppose the current draft of the status-of-forces agreement, as it puts both Iraq and the United States formally on a glide path to removing American troops.
Now all we need are a few million architects to help build them.
These attacks have only solidified Senator John McCain’s persona as the third disastrous Bush presidency.
ROXBURY Minor Memorial Library “Familiar Faces and Figures,” portraits by Lorraine Agri and metal sculpture by James Travers.
Mr. Friedman’s strength is his diagnosis of our energy and environmental nightmares.
FedEx will announce its quarterly earnings on Sept. 18.
He remained at Yale to pursue a lifetime in music, eventually becoming the first Marshall Bartholomew Professor of Choral Conducting.
Their daughter, with chopped-off blond hair and a doughy face, looks to me like Helen Keller, pre-Anne Sullivan.
Both screened at Cannes in May, without finding a distributor there.
Are restaurants required to monitor the amount of lead in the water they use for cooking/drinking?
AMENITIES: The property has a hot tub and an air conditioning and humidification system combined with radiant heat flooring.
May 10 at 2 p.m. $12 and $13.
However, I felt that it was in the best interest of the program and Providence College to make a change in leadership.” That’s A.D. speak for the boosters became cranky because the coach didn’t win enough.
As the diplomacy continues between Washington and Baghdad, bloggers reacted to the initial apology in an unusual way for the Iraq debate — they were united across party lines.
All eyes will be on the opening ceremony of the 2008 Beijing Olympics on Aug. 8.
Officials said they were watching to see if the steep declines last week of Freddie and Fannie stock would spill into the debt market and undermine the confidence of lenders.
For two centuries, those competing strains simmered.
This austerely beautiful piece is thick with slow-moving contrapuntal lines.
The roosters there still rise and crow with the sun.
Mrs. Mulkeen, 27, is a certified public accountant and an audit manager at Deloitte, the accounting and consulting firm in New York.
Mr. Wen’s emphasis on inflation reflects public anxiety over rising domestic prices for food and other items.
You can’t make that up.” To many retirement policy specialists, the lost contributions are one more sign of America’s failure as a society to face up to the graying of the population and the profound economic forces it will unleash.
“People will pay an above-average price for something that’s tangibly better, so kudos to the airlines that recognize this,” he said.
By default, many routers block the protocol for remote access, Universal Plug and Play.
Having been platooned in left field with Daniel Murphy and Fernando Tatis and having dabbled at first base, Evans is in a playoff race in his second stint in the majors.
“The style went from ‘Pretty in Pink’ to Prada,” Mr. Leon said.
Michael O. Leavitt Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services Washington, June 27, 2008  To the Editor: The American Medical Association agrees that if electronic health record systems are appropriately implemented and truly interoperable, widespread electronic health record adoption has the potential to transform the way physicians practice medicine.
By Saturday evening, the JPMorgan bankers believed they were so close to a deal that they began drawing up a presentation to investors.
But the army chief, Brig.
The interest rates on the securities were reset at regular auctions, but the market fell apart during the credit crisis when investment banks stopped buying because the paper was seen as too risky.
One of Ms. Green’s daughters came from Jamaica for the funeral.
The agency’s lack of a complaint tracking system was mentioned in two other audits, one by the comptroller’s office in 2000 and the other by the state comptroller’s office in 2005.
They have rebalanced these assets on a regular basis — especially when losses came rolling in from their main businesses of lending money in their home markets.
Researchers who study the brain know that it’s far from an immutable object.
Gordon Murray, renowned for creating winning Formula One cars and for the McLaren F1 and Mercedes SLR supercars, is creating a new city car that he promises will cost around $10,000 and pay for itself in fuel savings in four years.
Those parents were once among the most vocal protesters.
In 1838, after skirmishes between armed Mormons and state militia left several people dead, Gov.
As Democrats and the administration negotiated details of the package late into the night, the presidential candidates of both major parties planned to meet Mr. Bush at the White House on Thursday, along with leaders of Congress.
“I think I might choose where I am now, because of the joy and peace it has given me.” The amplified voice was quiet for a moment.
Oil is a somewhat cleaner fuel than coal for carbon dioxide control, but it has been 30 years since the price of oil could compete with that of coal, and those days seem unlikely to return.
To the Editor: Re “Panel Fears Use of Unconventional Weapon” (news article, Dec. 1): When considering a long-term commitment to homeland security research and development, it helps to recall the role that nuclear weapons have played in the national security of this country.
Besides his wife, he is survived by his daughter, Leah, of New York City, his mother, Ruth, of Ellington, Conn., and his brothers, George of Van Nuys, Calif., and Alan of Panama City, Fla. “He was a warrior against the chemical industry,” Frances Beinecke, president of the N.R.D.C., said of Mr. Meyerhoff.
As a fugitive, Mr. Polanski has little standing to appeal his conviction, but if he can persuade a prosecutor or judge in Los Angeles to take up the matter, a court could overturn the 30-year-old conviction.
That makes it all the easier to breed for the lightness of build — and the fragility — that Eight Belles showed.
The 7.9-magnitude tremor razed entire towns and villages in this mountainous swath of China, leaving nearly 70,000 people dead and 18,000 missing.
“We got hurt, and we got hurt badly.
But he hasn’t booked the four hotel rooms he needs for the family just yet.
Did I tell you about the time I saved the Republic?
But Ms. Armitage also likes to punctuate space: a dancer’s leg lashes out sharply, or a curving arm rises slowly into the blackness above.
Those are followed by official campus visits paid for by universities.
Fill a highball glass with ice.
She was intrigued with the Feng Shui Desk Set, by Red Asterisk, which included a small figure of a dragon, a phoenix and a tiger.
Phil was a Distinguished Professor of Astronomy at SUNY Stony Brook, and will be remembered for his groundbreaking work on interstellar matter and his ongoing atmospheric research on the ozone layer.
Any idea why?” Valerie Corbett shook her head.
He scored the game’s only touchdown in his team’s 6-0 victory.
But, with so much money on the line, there is also intense jockeying on specific provisions.
Sabathia said his arm felt fine.
“To give you an idea how low President Bush’s approval rating is right now, at his daughter’s wedding last weekend, he wasn’t in any of the photos.
“Sweetie,” he said, “whatever you decide is fine.” A few minutes later, it was time to awaken the sleeping teenagers.
General Shinseki, 66, who was the highest-ranking Asian-American in the military, also commanded the NATO peacekeeping force in Bosnia.
Makes about 12 4-inch pancakes.
It’s easy to say this is the wrong way to hear music; I think it’s a different way with its own rewards.
Their message is, what’s happening to our kids?
Environmental groups were surprised and relieved at the sudden about-face on Wednesday by an agency that had seemed determined to finish its clean-air agenda, particularly the emissions measurement change that fell under the umbrella of the so-called New Source Review program, covering older power plants that are modified or expanded.
And Mr. Sepi fled, “breaking contact” with the enemy, as he later described it.
Yet more than 800,000 Americans aged 65 and older were hospitalized for heart failure in 2006, the most recent year for which statistics are available.
The vaccines, which require three shots for a complete series, cost $400 to $1,000, depending on the country and the fees for doctors' visits.
His listeners, rapt so far, relaxed in his absence, pulling out their own phones.
The candidates’ challenge parallels that of the Bush administration and federal regulatory officials who are managing the crisis.
Because I can’t do nothing about it now but just work and try to make things better.” Randolph added, “There’s a lot of negativity going on around here, but we’ve just got to stay focused and stay positive and keep working hard.” Under N.B.A.
Before speaking at the Cornerstone Baptist Church in Brooklyn, the mayor warned that legislators who voted against the plan would have to explain their actions to the public.
As soon as he started crushing the guns, shrapnel started flying.
A memorial service will be held on April 5th at 11:00am at the All Souls Church on Lexington Ave and E. 80th St.
Under Securities and Exchange Commission pay disclosure requirements, the investment bank reported a total pay figure of $11.9 million for Mr. Wasserstein, according to a regulatory filing.
Chandeliers, bronze window frames and almost everything else of value were carried off by scavengers years ago, and recently thieves took copper heating pipes, apparently because of copper’s rising value as scrap metal.
Enchanting the work certainly is, and spacious, evanescent and intellectually stimulating.
If you can’t fulfill that promise, then good governments around the world that have staked their futures on that argument are going to be in very deep trouble.
Many of my patients are determined to remain active and are unwilling simply to accept the aches and pains of increasing age.
In particular, the experts, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the case, noted that no formal autopsy had been performed on Ms. Bhutto’s body before her burial last Friday.
The other quarterfinal in the bottom half of the men’s draw will match Rafael Nadal, the No.
According to Time magazine, she also sought to have books banned from the local library and threatened to fire the librarian.
It was Mussina’s only mistake.
In the last week of June, for instance, courts in Georgia , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Virginia and Washington state suppressed evidence in cases involving drugs, guns, burglary and child pornography under the mandatory version of the exclusionary rule.
“The reason we’re here is that we weren’t trying to get to Broadway.
“Our research shows that fans are accepting it as a positive,” said Neil Glat, the N.F.L.
Loving father of Charles and the late Jeffrey, father-in-law of Rya and Lizanne.
That sort of release is meant to build anticipation, by trading on good reviews and accumulating nominations from bellwether awards like the Golden Globes.
It is unclear how much of the $1 trillion subprime mortgage market is composed of exception loans.
And drivers are running out of gas more often, leaving their cars by the side of the road until they can scrape together gas money.
The houses may be too radical for those who treasure an experience like drinking hot chocolate in a cold kitchen.
For bankers, focusing on a niche is a way to set themselves apart from the competition.
“What is the solution?” Behind the clashes are long-simmering tensions between equally impoverished groups: the Panas and Kandhas.
“What made this case so repulsive was not just the egregious conduct against blacks and Hispanics by their co-workers but also management’s acquiescence to the harassment,” she said in a prepared statement.
For the past decade, we have peered with fascination and skepticism into the unique house of Williams.
I dropped 30 pounds in that year.
Or would we like it to go AWOL ASAP, if not sooner?
The next day, his senior deputy, Maj. Gen. George J. Flynn, was sent to the Basra Operations Center, a command center that was supposed to oversee the military operations.
Douglas H. Paal, former director of the American Institute in Taiwan, the unofficial U.S. representative to the island, is in Taiwan.
This year, Hillary Clinton took things to a whole new level.
He voted the Sooners No.
He also hosts a weekday N.F.L.
He finished with 19 points and 7 rebounds.
It really is that way for me.
PORT WASHINGTON Graphic Eye Gallery “Summer Coolers,” an exhibition of works by various artists.
Each time the man, David Tarloff, found her, trouble eventually ensued, with Mr. Tarloff becoming belligerent and threatening the home’s workers, according to officials and court records.
The government of Manitoba has a nice overview of hemp cultivation , as well.
“I just hope,” Ms. Barnes said, “because otherwise I won’t leave.”
The most popular were eMule and BitTorrent, which are used to share music, movies and software.
At the end of November, the panels were hoisted onto the garage roof.
When I was 16, she took me to look at colleges.
“I would not have allowed a World Series to end this way,” Commissioner Bud Selig said after ruling the game would be resumed after the monsoon ended, tied or otherwise.
And, no surprise, Internet video services like YouTube were consuming large portions of network bandwidth at all the companies.
“If they sit inside, that would be a misconception for the people who are giving money — that those people are eating,” said Shaib Ansari, the 23-year-old proprietor of the Mahim Darbar restaurant, which was opened by his uncle more than four decades ago.
Then the state provides them with a hotel room with blackout shades, Mr. Grijalva said.
As it happened, she had.
The word “success” has always made me nervous, because I believe built into that word are a couple of viruses — arrogance and complacency — and left unchecked, they can ensure failure.
He mentions studying with “small groups of spiritual seekers,” but offers no names.
Because freedom is not free and your excuse for doing less than you could is leaving town in January.
Your snacks should provide a balance of healthy complex carbohydrates, a little bit of healthy fat and protein to ensure you’re revved up and your metabolism and blood sugar levels are kept steady.
Then came the men in black masks one day, who spray-painted a warning on the wall: “Rafida,” Arabic for “rejectionist.” It is a derogatory word that some militant Sunnis use for Shiites.
It got testy at times.
In fact, I needed to: when the hundred things stop, I get into trouble.
But I think that’s a wonderful thing.” Despite the fury informing the play Mr. Weller is a pretty mellow guy with an easy smile, well known for his generosity.
In San Crist?, however, it hardly seemed to matter.
They are considering changing term limits in the third year of a four-year term.
“It was a fireball,” said Lieutenant Sharp, who was badly burned on his hands and face.
But Dr. Wood, who also is a fertility doctor, said, “We’ve seen reproductive blastocysts that look like this or worse and they implant.” He said Stemagen, which he started with a wealthy friend in 2005, was not interested in creating cloned babies, something that is illegal in places and morally repugnant to many people.
Most people in this small town are drunks, she said.
He studied bear markets going back to 1946 and found that every sector in the S.&.
American combat troops are needed to protect polling places from terrorism, and even more important, from voter intimidation, fraud and the perception that the results were rigged.
When you write about the workplace, that tends to mean articles about love at work.
In a mock election in 2004, Senator John Kerry was the favorite of students over President Bush by 22 percentage points.
At least four people died.
Goldman bought a minority stake in the country’s biggest sport-utility vehicle maker, Mahindra & Mahindra, in May and invested $50 million in an Indian engineering company, Sterling & Wilson, in June.
In that game, Chávez leapt in front of the left-field fence to take a home run away from Scott Rolen, and the game remained tied.
It’s not just a problem from my mother’s era.
Language Arts Standard 4- Gathers and uses information for research purposes.
“That didn’t sell,” she said, when Ms. Weiser started espousing the benefits of tempeh.
The harbor (with floatplanes parked at piers), ship dock, convention center, Stanley Park and Vancouver Yacht Club were visible in a sweeping view.
“I don’t ever find myself in fear of getting mugged,” he said.
THE FLÂNEUR: A Stroll Through the Paradoxes of Paris , by Edmund White.
Prices here can also influence the values of the increasingly popular exchange-traded funds, or E.T.F.’s, that focus on commodity investments.
But there are other practical steps the nation can take that would make it more difficult for dangerous people to obtain deadly firepower.
Mr. Kibaki’s team rejects the accusations that the government rigged the elections to keep Mr. Kibaki in power, as some election observers have suggested.
Anyway, today, Barack Obama responded to that attack, and then McCain attacked Obama, and then Obama fired back at McCain, and then Hillary Clinton said: “Hello!
Still, under its chief executive, John J. Mack, Morgan Stanley has had more than $12 billion in write-offs from various forms of exposure to subprime securities and leveraged loans, a result of a more risk-friendly approach he adopted when taking the reins in 2005.
Eric Rodwell of Clearwater Beach, Fla., will win Player of the Year, and Jeff Meckstroth of Tampa, Fla., is almost a lock for the Barry Crane.
“I’ve always been such an outsider,” said the designer, the son of a successful architect in Germany.
The results will no doubt lead some in the Clinton camp to declare that her prospects are not dimming at all, despite the rising tide of Senator Barack Obama’s delegate count.
He was a Life Fellow of the IEEE and a member of the Computer Society.
Do I want to continue a career in elective office?
This seemed way out there to me in terms of appropriateness, or in this blogging age am I living in a dream world?
Her arm is so limber from the mud she has lobbed during her political career that, now that the whole president thing is doubtful, she may have a future as the first woman to pitch for the Yankees.
It says, ‘There are good rewards to staying in school.’ ” Other principals say that the middle-school years have become a distinct period of maturation, worthy of recognition.
“We were there, and it was just kind of putting a square peg in a round hole,” Feagles said.
Still, Judith Barnes, a soprano and artistic director of the 10-year-old company, clearly hit on something that sets her group apart.
no longer gives individual artists grants,” said Hugh Davies, director of the Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego.
Mr. Walsh said that Jon’s sadness was already there, but it took Garfield’s absence to reveal the depth of it.
“I wanted it way away,” he said.
THE women are gathered for a celebratory dinner.
(For now, the products are available only through a toll-free number and a Web site.)
For example, “Don’t you believe it’s really not torture if we’re doing it to Muslims?” “I would keep going,” he said, “until I saw them making a fist.” This was consistent, Mr. Feresten added, with the network’s marching orders.
Mr. Trimble, 41, works at the edge of the exchange’s main floor, shoulder to shoulder with six other men in a booth the size of an elevator car.
Critics say they believe that would flout Congress’s 2000 mandate that female-owned businesses receive at least 5 percent of the $435 billion in annual government contracts.
After they married, in 2006, Mr. Westergaard moved into his wife’s apartment, along with Guinness, his large Rottweiler-Doberman mix.
Abstract acrylic, realistic watercolor painter, teacher, author, died May 17.
The creation of a low-cost student loan program was one of the central recommendations of the Commission on Higher Education, which studied the condition of higher education in New York for more than a year and issued a report with its findings this summer.
The firings began Nov. 22, when P. J. Carlesimo was dismissed by the Oklahoma City Thunder.
The results were good news for both companies because both are major Oscar sponsors.
“The city is confident in its legal position and the merits of this project, which include a redesigned and dramatically expanded playground and a rehabilitated historic pavilion and plaza that was supported by the community board and approved by the Art Commission,” Mr. Pejan said.
But older television sets that receive over-the-air signals will need to be hooked up to a converter box to ensure uninterrupted service.
“I’m probably more a prisoner of history than most people,” Mr. Cook said.
A boom outside the harbor is intended to keep the algae at bay, and early every morning, just in case, a scow goes out to check on conditions.
The Madison Avenue Advertising Walk of Fame is asking consumers to vote for four inductees for 2008 in the categories of favorite brand character, or icon, and favorite slogan.
The Geico boat broke down in all three races, as Seebold won.
Airbus said its price increases — up to $4 million on the flagship A380 superjumbo jet — would go into effect May 1.
About the same time, the same news media calling for Burress’s immediate banishment once made a hero of Latrell Sprewell, who joined the Knicks after choking his coach and sending a middle-age West Coast couple to the hospital with reckless freeway driving.
But Climb Wyoming’s real core insight is female solidarity — that the group, trained and forged together more like a platoon than a class, will become an anchor of future success.
It is the realism that André Bazin sees in the world of Roberto Rossellini: a world of “pure acts, unimportant in themselves,” that prepare the way “for the sudden dazzling revelation of their meaning.” The pure acts in “Paranoid Park” mostly involve young male skateboarders gliding and sometimes hurtling through the air.
Yonkers MANY of the students were dressed in khaki and burgundy, the same colors as on the school crest, which features a phoenix rising.
She is a daughter of Fredric J. Shenn and Patrice Dowd Shenn of Miller Place, N.Y.
It is possible they were still protesting somewhere I did not see.
135), the premiere of a piece by a close colleague (Sebastian Currier’s “Quiet Time”) and a composition by Ms. Tower (“Incandescent”).
If it were a political parlor game, you could map out the various degrees of separation in which Mr. Torricelli defeated Mr. Zimmer, then Mr. Lautenberg replaced Mr. Torricelli, and now Mr. Zimmer gets a second shot at the same seat against a different Democrat.
The group, the American Leadership Project, a new so-called 527 committee, is about to start a television advertising effort in Ohio and Texas.
NEW HAVEN White Space Gallery “Rebirth,” photography by John Blanton and mixed media by Danny Hughes.
Then Pierce drove the lane for a layup, drawing a foul on Trevor Ariza and a gleeful roar from the stands.
Mr. Durst proposed creating a maritime center there that would include a home base for his ferry company, New York Water Taxi; ship maintenance and repair shops; a fuel barge; marina; esplanade; and ferry link to Governors Island.
He also worked with Louis Marx, Jr., at his innovative company, All American Sports, which operated tennis camps, taking advantage of the available off-season facilities at colleges, prep schools and resorts.
Depending on the intended use, some types also have varying amounts of nickel added, or other metals, like manganese or molybdenum.
It was replaced in late October by Fraiche, which boasts a seasonal, contemporary American menu, cooked by Marc Lippman, its chef and owner.
He hit a blistering free kick against Austria in a first-round match, and headed in the winning goal in the 3-2 quarterfinal victory over Portugal.
(Scott) 'ONE MISSED CALL' A brow-furrowing blend of child abuse and adult trauma, Eric Valette's reworking of Takashi Miike's ''Chakushin Ari'' follows a dour psychology student whose friends suffer grisly deaths after receiving heads-ups on their cellphones.
(Ms. Lange took home the film’s only Oscar, for best supporting actress.)
Four people were beaten in the truck incident, and yet not long afterward a Hollywood producer proposed to Mr. Rothman that they collaborate on a cinematic picaresque about his eventful life.
They decided to build five similar residence halls.
At the hearings, a lawyer for the city, Valerie Colbert-Osamuede, acknowledged that the Council should have been told about romantic text messages between Mr. Kilpatrick and Ms. Beatty before it approved settling a police whistle-blower case last year for $8.4 million.
Should we care that when a chief executive attributes his company’s success to his own intelligence or decisiveness, he’s probably wrong?
MR. EUBANKS: When Air America was broadcast from there, we did a whole postcard on that: it was a red, white and blue postcard, “Florent Goes Radio-Active.” It was a picture of him in Marie Antoinette drag with a mushroom-cloud wig.
The labor-oriented Economic Policy Institute, for example, has listed $65 billion in ready-to-go work, a third of it highway and school repair.
“On Sunday, I’ll be hunting and cooking up some turtle and raccoon,” he said.
Reading about a subculture like swimming provides an opportunity to appreciate the idiosyncratic details and quiddity of the sport.
In addition to the sacks record, Gholston ran the 40-yard dash in 4.56 seconds and bench-pressed 455 pounds.
Major Colvin’s experiment does not end well, of course, and its ramifications mean bigger roles for characters at City Hall: the casually corrupt mayor, Clarence Royce (Glynn Turman); his police commissioner, Ervin Burrell (Frankie R. Faison); and a city councilman, Tommy Carcetti (Aidan Gillen), who thinks he can buck recent history by being elected mayor, a position no white man has held in years.
On their Web site ( cartalk.com ), for instance, is an entry billed “Listen to Car Talk: Our Mediocre Show and the Myriad Ways You Can Hear It.” The PBS show, in which the Magliozzis play two car mechanic brothers with a public radio program, mines that self-deprecation.
But when I was almost 8, we moved a few miles northeast to East New York, about a mile from the Queens border.
Their need for a top starter has just become painfully obvious.
A father of three raised his hand and asked the question that was on everyone’s mind.
“But we’re not going to kill people.”
Videos on YouTube from 1966 show Ms. Makeba, with her musicians in jackets and ties, performing in an elegant long dress that also happens to have a leopard-skin pattern: supper-club Africana that’s at home on any continent.
“I’m sure it will come,” he said, with both extra assistance for research and greater availability of loans.
In triumph, he wanted nothing more than Jones’s water bottle.
It’s stuff they taught me, the nuns taught me and the church still teaches.
Even an old guy can change, Moore said, “If people can just have patience.” That is no doubt easier in Boone than in Ann Arbor, where it could be argued that Moore’s high-powered offense heralded the coming of Rodriguez’s.
Guys who make their name in this league, who make a mark on their teams, do it every week.” Instinct helped ease Lowery’s transition, Tomey said.
Mayor William Applegarth of Riverton joined local police officers at 7 a.m. Sunday to knock on doors of several of Mr. Tholen’s neighbors and to suggest they evacuate for the day.
But to Ecuadoreans, Manta is a flash point in a regional debate over the limits of American power in Latin America.
The premise of her campaign — “35 years of experience” — has been revealed by voters to be nothing but empty words; indeed, voters find “just words,” devoid of action.
That’s because this year, you can have hair of the cashmere goat instead.
The school recently hosted a classical music concert.
There is also the accumulated baggage of Mr. Giuliani’s personal life, which hurt him in the presidential race.
Most of the work consists of pruning, cleaning up and labeling plants for the local gardening tours that come through.
C2C has mainly been a business-to-business endeavor, and only a few of the 100 products that have won MBDC certification — Herman Miller chairs, United States Postal Service envelopes — are familiar to consumers.
But while it calls for American combat forces to be out of the cities by June and all forces to withdraw from the country by the end of 2011, there is disquieting talk in Washington of having tens of thousands of troops stay longer and slyly redefining their missions.
A man rushes a woman in a hectic circuit around the stage that includes making her step on and over a stool so fast that she keeps starting (it seems) to injure herself.
His name was the first General Manager Brian Cashman mentioned when asked Monday about his confidence in the offense.
As it becomes clear that a constant stream of blog posts and e-mails decimates the capacity for recall, people will be confronted with the modern Sophie’s choice — your BlackBerry or your mind.
And while much was made of John F. Kennedy ’s bad back and the rocking chair that gave him relief, it was only in the years after his assassination that his case of Addison’s disease, a hormonal disorder, became widely known.
National Century’s former president and chief executive, Lance K. Poulsen, will be tried on fraud charges in August.
“He believes you can have the support of the black community, appealing to the pride they feel in his candidacy, and still win support among whites,” Mr. Axelrod said.
INCREASES in the pay of corporate chief executives since 1980 have caused anger among countless employees and some shareholders.
“Now that Carnival is starting, you can’t move around anymore,” said Mirina Vio, 72, a passenger on the maiden voyage who complained that life here in her native city had worsened considerably in recent years — higher prices, overcrowding, dirtier streets — as the tourism industry blossomed.
“The big political story is not what President Bush says about himself.
When I was in junior high school, a fight with my sister left me so incensed I plotted how to get revenge.
Because government contracting is an opaque process and losers don’t typically file formal protests, it’s difficult to know the identity of competitors who lost out to Siemens.
Daniel Pauly, director of the Fisheries Center at the University of British Columbia, calls her “a spunky hero.” That may be because she takes the issue personally.
When you lose two of your best friends on the team suddenly, it’s hard.” The season had already been wearing on Nash, a two-time most valuable player.
“This cholera epidemic is man-made,” Dr. Douglas Gwatidza, the head of the group, said in a telephone call with reporters.
“The frustration is that he could have leveraged the Cuomo name and pushed his way into the process,” said the associate, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he did not want to antagonize Mr. Cuomo.
“Talk about a regressive tax,” he complained.
Responding to violent street protests against rising food prices that ground Haiti to a halt over the last week, President René Préval announced subsidies on Saturday that he said would cut the cost of rice by more than 15 percent.
He continued his hobby during pre-med studies at Harvard, from which he graduated in 1955.
The three bedrooms made it large enough to accommodate guests, and the double living room, which was divided by a set of French doors, allowed Ms. Reid to have a big, light-filled studio to paint in.
You can’t imagine how many Somalis are saying, ‘Yes, this is the one.’ The reaction is so good.” But while many Somalis disagreed with Mr. Ayro’s tactics, he was also perceived as a freedom fighter resisting an unpopular government backed by outsiders, including Ethiopia and the United States.
Mr. Paulson’s plan would take a step toward both of these changes by consolidating banking and insurance regulators and potentially merging the Securities and Exchange Commission with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, then stripping the combined entity of much of its regulatory authority.
“Let the discovery be had when there’s a good reason for it.”
High-school students now learn, along with the names of presidents and state capitals, the great parable of 1960: Kennedy beat Nixon in the debates because Nixon refused to wear makeup.
The company has developed a prescription clip ($99), small lenses that clip onto the devices.
Otherwise, I will reciprocate by inviting these pay-for-play birthday hosts to Turnbull & Asser, choosing some really expensive shirts and thanking them for such a nice gift.
The movement was nurtured in the sanctuary of churches — Catholic, Anglican, Baptist, Methodist and Apostolic.
The spokeswoman, Meredith Kenny, did not return telephone or e-mail messages for comment on Thursday.
“Matt is great,” Mr. Murphy said.
“You can’t help but look at what’s gone on in Wall Street with lending and with derivative securities and you can’t help but be kind of upset,” said a technology worker, who asked to remain anonymous because he did not want to be fired.
“In the past I always made the final decisions, but this was as I hadn’t done it in 25 years or more.” Together with Jason Olaine, a 40-year-old producer hired in November by Festival Network, he booked this year’s event.
Classical Vivien Schweitzer The pianist Lisa Kaplan, a member of EIGHTH BLACKBIRD, has said that while at many schools new-music groups are ''the lowest on the totem pole,'' the highest honor at the OBERLIN CONSERVATORY is to play in its CONTEMPORARY MUSIC ENSEMBLE.
“But in the last three years, he became inebriated with his own power, he forgot himself.” Mr. Rivera, the first Hispanic mayor in this city about 15 miles from Manhattan, was a symbol of how Passaic had been transformed from a 19th-century industrial powerhouse, home to a large, middle-class Slavic population, to a 21st-century blue-collar enclave that is nearly 70 percent Hispanic, said Edward A. Smyk, the Passaic County historian.
Unfortunately, there aren’t a lot of Richard Reynoldses.” Still, Reynolds’s most frequent irritants and obstacles are more mundane.
Beginning with a cozy family party we could all imagine attending (if we lived in the 19th century, that is), it grows ever more fantastic, becoming a little girl's dream about an ever-growing evergreen tree, a battle between toys and mice, and a journey through snowy forests to the land of the Sugar Plum Fairy, where everything is delicious.
Gen. Dennis J. Hejlik, who asked for 1,169 of them.
And so he is pressing ahead with this year’s event, the 28th installment of an annual show remembering John Lennon , even though what little corporate backing he had evaporated and ticket sales are as sluggish as they are for most every other kind of event in New York.
The races were the second in a series of boat races for the Miss Geico Triple Crown series, according to Great South Bay’s Web site.
Revenue grew 6 percent from a year ago, to $30.7 billion, but that growth masked the continuing shift among the company’s business lines.
He translated, took notes and pictures, and helped Mr. Schanberg maneuver in a fast-changing milieu.
“I was a guy from Webster, S.D., who didn’t even have two nickels to rub together.” Instead, Lesnar opted to turn to professional wrestling and became a star.
Continuing his much-scrutinized trip abroad, Mr. Obama said it was in Israel's interest to make peace with the Palestinians.
Fresno State broke a scoreless tie early in the third quarter with a 31-yard field goal by Kevin Goessling.
Not for these divas the punk-inflected stylings you find on the cutting edge of the drag scene.
A deadening, numbing place, where sobriety made you crazy and mind-altering substances made you sane.
), old brandies (including Antoine’s Centennial Private Reserve Grande Fine Champagne 1840), liqueurs, cordials and a detailed vintage chart.
But the three-judge panel said DNA collection did not call for Mr. Kaemmerling to change his religious practices and did not hamper his exercise of his religion.
He said that he would like to see it linked in some way with the Lion House, but that Capildeo was resisting.
Now, obviously that’s a decision that only she can make.
Other bloggers expressed admiration, and envy, that Ms. Nielson found the energy to make marriage sexy while raising four small children.
Navistar’s total order is for about 4,470 MRAPs and Force Protection’s is for about 3,400.
“What I like is that it can give you tough-guy quality without being tough.
It is their longevity, however, that enchants Dr. Sacks, a man who still writes on a typewriter.
The viewer can seem literally to turn pages on the screen.
The Janitor, as he’s called in the program even though he tells us his name is John Green, is the last Jew on Earth.
Major panels don’t start until tomorrow, and a few clubs haven’t joined the six-bands-a-night showcase schedule.
Pakistani officials have denied any government connection to the siege on Nov. 26-29, in which nine gunmen and 163 other people were killed.
“But it’s hard to keep that momentum going.
We think we have done a lot to make this by far the safest jetpack ever built.” But, he acknowledged, “It’s not a high bar.” He added, “I’ve got to get my head around the fact that at some point, somebody is going to have a very bad experience.” So far, he said, he and his team of developers have not taken the device higher than six feet.
43, Union Square Cafe, the Thai restaurant Holy Basil, the Eastern European restaurant Veselka, Daphne’s Caribbean Express, and the Japanese restaurant Soba-Ya.
Many scientific studies have demonstrated the wide-ranging health benefits of a plant-based diet — lower blood pressure and cholesterol and less risk of obesity, heart disease, diabetes and several cancers.
In 1994, he donated $1 million to her campaign for governor.
“They wouldn’t work with us.” The Hatchers borrowed from friends and relatives but still came up short.
Ms. Bratman, 29, decorated in a style she described as “bohemian vintage,” filling the house, in the Silver Lake area of Los Angeles, with pieces like brass and leather kitchen barstools from the 1970s (picked up for $80 at a vintage store in Westwood), a ’60s-era one-piece teal sofa ($500 at an estate sale), an Art Deco coffee table that she refinished ($100 at an estate sale), and a digital reproduction of a William Eggleston photograph that dominates a living room wall.
Headlines in Memphis called him, “Chicken à la King,” with accusations that he had run from his own fight.
He told one reporter that he loved his children too much to leave them money.
According to the Environmental Protection Agency, using unblended biodiesel, called B100, will result in reductions of regulated and unregulated contaminants except for nitrogen oxides, which show an increase.
That business, which was red hot in 2007, has effectively dried up.
THE LOCATION A 19th-century row house on a bus-clogged stretch of West 14th Street between Eighth and Ninth Avenues — not Manhattan’s most glamorous block.
King Blues Club & Grill, 237 West 42nd Street, Manhattan, (212) 997-4144, bbkingblues.com ; $35.
The Percée marking the new vintage’s release migrates from town to town in the region, with this year’s event to be held in the tiny neighboring villages of Sainte-Agnès and Vincelles, whose stone houses are typical of the homes the area’s winemakers traditionally built for themselves.
“It’s like somebody going out with your best friend and marrying them,” one said.
A diplomatic post in Iran, although not a simple logistical matter, would also be a limited but significant step forward.
The bills the governor vetoed covered a wide range of topics.
But metaphysics, to the extent that it involved a belief or a program, was never of interest to him in art.
PAGE A27 Gun Law in Washington, D.C. A19 SENATE RACE THAT REFUSES TO END The land of 10,000 lakes has at least that many problems in trying to solve the deadlocked Senate race between the Republican, Norm Coleman, and the Democrat, Al Franken.
Outdoors FARMINGTON Stanley-Whitman House “Spring Sundays.” Learn to make the herbal tea substitute for English teas, popular during the Colonial period.
Bank of America said it planned to wring $7 billion in costs from Merrill over four years from the consolidation, a plan that could result in thousands of layoffs.
Graveside services Friday 2pm at Knollwood Park Cemetery, Ridgewood, NY.
“We started doing reviews of Nancy Drew books, blogs, interviews with designers.” Now, 10 years later, that comforting sunny demeanor has become their most valuable asset.
She asked him about the tattoo on his left forearm, a panther with the words “Trini Boy” near its paws.
That’s what I always tell our guys.
“You can assume it’s going to be within the absolutely same neighborhood,” he said.
For years, mayors, police commissioners, community leaders and others have sought to drill into the heads of New Yorkers a simple toll-free phone number to anonymously help in solving crimes: 1-800-577-TIPS.
They bought the place for $215,000 that year, moved his studio there, “and then we had to sit tight until we could figure out a way to pay for the rest of it,” Mr. Harvey said.
In Apple’s quarterly conference call last week, Apple executives said that one-third of Fortune 500 companies were interested in giving iPhones to their employees.
The school also had 124 dropouts.
“It underscores the value of vaccinating pre-adolescent girls,” since the vaccine works fully only in girls who have not been exposed to HPV.
To cut enrollment, the system would push up application deadlines and raise academic requirements for freshmen at the most popular campuses, he said.
In fact, it appears that it may be difficult after all.
Hess’s 21 ... d5 was a mistake.
Yet the couple said the process was simple compared with what they called the “nightmare” of having bought and redone three homes in New York.
“It just happened.” F. A. O. Schwarz, toy store to the hedge-funded, also recognizes it.
In unusually blunt remarks, the chief of the United Nations mission in Afghanistan warned in an interview this weekend that unless Afghanistan’s international partners conducted their military operations with more care and cultural sensitivity, redoubled their work to minimize civilian casualties and accelerated their reconstruction programs, they risked jeopardizing their efforts to stabilize and rebuild the country.
The language in “Bass Cathedral” is ecstatic, although it expresses ecstasy with little interest in inducing it.
That is just the first installment of such data on display.
PAGE A17 BOB HERBERT A college degree is becoming a prerequisite for a middle-class quality of life.
Ozzie has been here before and that matters.
They buy their own soccer shoes, and hold bake sales or garage sales to cover travel costs.
“EVERYBODY knows that in a stadium of 80,000 people, it’s always a very low percentage of people who are causing trouble,” said Mr. Samerjan, who said that at an average game about 25 people were ejected.
Also on Tuesday, Paramount executives confirmed that “Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull” would be released digitally, though its director, Steven Spielberg , has long insisted that his movies be released exclusively on film.
Since winning the South Carolina primary a week ago, Mr. Obama has visited a dozen states, including places seldom visited by Democrats.
She is the owner of Emily’s Edibles Inc., a baked goods and catering company in Charlottesville, Va. She graduated magna cum laude from Georgetown and received a master’s degree in health and behavior studies from Columbia.
Ms. Collins first ran into him when he was walking his dog.
The United Nations has projected that global food prices will remain elevated for years.
Most of what is talked about here could be learned from a Google search that combined the phrase “Jewish people, history of” with “misery,” “oppression” or “prejudice,” but the value of purely informational programming like this in the age of Wikipedia is in seeing how ideas and theories and narratives move people.
Mr. Schlegel had been scheduled to take part in Monday’s walk but had an undisclosed health problem that delayed that walk a day and then kept him from the assignment.
Every meeting it was, ‘There’s problems with the rivets and we need to hire more people.’ ” Apart from the archives, the team gleaned clues from 48 rivets recovered from the hulk of the Titanic, modern tests and computer simulations.
The new findings, while not conclusive, give scientists what is essentially a wiring diagram that they can test and refine.
A bundle of confounding coaching decisions — Eric Mangini’s decision to forgo a 50-yard field-goal attempt and a later decision to go for it on fourth-and-2 from his 20 with 2 minutes 21 seconds left — helped lead to the Jets’ collapse.
“He began to see almost a kind of conspiracy against him.
Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr., who will be leading a delegation of Bush administration officials at the talks beginning on Tuesday in Annapolis, Md., said the sessions were not meant to resolve specific disputes but instead to discuss how to overcome economic downturns and deal with impending crises in energy and the environment.
But snakes’ color discrimination is so poor, the researchers say, that even with less accurate color matching the chameleon appears better camouflaged to the snake than to the bird.
A call had come in from a top adviser to Alfonso Cano, their new supreme commander.
The impression is, if people are having home births, they must be hippie freaks or religious fundamentalists.” Ms. Golluscio was thrilled, she said, when the woman in the adjacent apartment moved out for renovations, but then she worried that the construction workers might overhear her making strange noises.
“Children have been misled to believe that graffiti is art,” Mr. Kotnik said that evening as he drove his black Chevy Impala with tinted windows down Metropolitan Avenue in Middle Village.
For this, she moved to India?
Peer-to-peer file sharing is a common way to exchange copyright files illegally, but companies are also rushing to use it for legal distribution of video and game content.
résumé of his sponsor, has said he will appoint Mr. Putin as his prime minister.
I came in view of the Taj’s entrance and the spot where my grandfather’s black Fiat was always parked.
That data shows ways in which this recession is unlike recent downturns, in that it is hitting industries that heretofore had escaped unscathed.
(Charles Isherwood) 'A CATERED AFFAIR' John Buccino and Harvey Fierstein's short, slow and somber depiction of a blue-collar family planning an expensive wedding, inspired by the 1956 movie, is so low-key that it often seems to sink below stage level.
Ms. Shaheen, a Democrat and former governor of New Hampshire making her second attempt to beat John E. Sununu, the Republican incumbent, is fighting her battle in a male-dominated system that has been relatively stable for two centuries.
The company acknowledged that the software had not been adequately tested and caused a series of problems with a database that manages e-mail traffic.
It said it would conduct a detailed analysis to ensure that the request “does not include an excessive profit rate for the company and other elements that are not in the best interest of ratepayers.” Con Ed’s chairman and chief executive, Kevin Burke, said in the company’s statement, “Our rate application reflects our commitment to continue to invest in the long-term future of New York and to maintain a reliable delivery infrastructure.” Mr. Burke received $5.52 million in compensation last year, up almost $800,000 from his pay in 2006.
During Labor Day weekend, we collect one extra dollar in green fees from thousands of public golf courses that participate in the foundation’s Patriot Golf Day.
The study, by the RAND Corporation, was commissioned in January 2007, about seven weeks after a Queens man, Sean Bell, died in a hail of 50 police bullets.
LeNell's: a Wine and Spirit Boutique, 416 Van Brunt Street, Brooklyn.
The BBC has already found some success syndicating content on the Google Web site YouTube, where its videos have garnered more than three million views since last February.
About 40 percent of blacks said that Mr. McCain, if elected president, would favor whites over blacks should he win the election.
The municipal and industrial waste generated in the United States could provide up to 50 billion gallons per year of clean transportation fuels through the use of plasma gasification.
Either way, it is very hard to keep a political spouse out of the limelight — witness the fact that within days of Sarah Palin’s being named vice presidential nominee, everyone knew Todd Palin preferred the term “first dude” and was a champion snowmobiler.
“Wipeout,” also on Tuesdays on ABC, is set right here in the United States but borrows the Japanese conceit of the ridiculous obstacle course as a means of physical competition.
Mr. Donilon, 53, assistant secretary of state for public affairs and State Department chief of staff under Mr. Clinton, is a partner in the law and lobbying firm firm O’Melveny and Myers.
“Japan used to be a very distant presence,” said Hsu Ya-shan, assistant director in the Tokyo office of the Taiwan Visitors Association, a Taiwanese government-run tourism promotion agency.
That’s what I’ve come to realize.” Yet there are signs that things are changing.
But dermatologists who reviewed the group’s research say the biggest problem is that it lacks scientific rigor.
Walking can be fraught with difficulties like improper alignment and muscle tension, factors that can contribute to unnecessary aches and pains.
Our child did come out of me, from us.
With just 15 galleries (14 from Los Angeles, and a guest from Mexico), the three-year-old LA Art in New York is the most manageable fair in town.
School districts across New York State said on Wednesday that the governor’s proposed midyear reductions in state aid would be painful to absorb, leading in some cases to staff reductions, larger class sizes, and fewer sports and extracurricular programs.
He’s a post-Coltrane saxophonist, with discipline and catharsis, and when the group ran through free-bop or modal music, he brought an authentic voice to it, playing with the dark, squiggly urgency that some of the Komeda songs, like “Kattorna,” require.
Mr. Swayze allowed doctors hired by A&E to consult with his physicians.
Heidemarie Stefanyshyn-Piper of the Navy, an astronaut on a mission to the station, was on the first spacewalk of the mission, which involves cleaning and greasing a balky rotary joint, when she discovered that a grease gun had erupted inside its tote bag.
Mai Lirol Darlin This bar’s name — a Spanish adaptation of “my little darling” — is as kitschy as its over-the-top décor: tomato-red walls, sky-blue stools, pink flamingos, mushroom statuettes, clown sculptures, rococo chandeliers and a wall of Mark Ryden artwork.
“We’re about to launch a system that makes it easier to buy and sell display and target more effectively, in the way search is,” she said.
And that doesn’t even make sense to me.
It was designed so that small congregations and ministries that had long served needy neighbors on shoestring budgets — and not just large, national religious charities — could get their fair share of government aid.
He faces up to 20 years in prison.
“They eat, sleep, drink and breathe the team,” said the former Pacer Jalen Rose, who is now an ESPN analyst.
How have you never heard of them?
The next day, my dad called me to say that he’d received an e-mail message from Mr. Miller: “He says you’re dangerous down low!” He added that his friend had described me as Monday night basketball’s David Lee.
Lots of potential to go further still?
Barney Frank is allied with Mr. Paulson and a president he holds in low esteem because he, too, believes this is a step the country has to take.
Farmers and ranchers, though, are happy.
Operating profit at the company, which is based in London, has risen 75 percent over the last five years.
The ads show the agents, male and female, astride their motorcycles, in riding gear rather than business attire.
It most powerfully affects the lowest-income families and their health, and any suggestion that it acts as a class equalizer is misguided.
“I wrote it in four and a half months,” he said.
She played our Steinway while I got lunch.
Chewing gum after abdominal surgery may help in recovery, British researchers found in a review of several small studies.
He was a true innovator.” Jerry Reed Hubbard was born in March 20, 1937, in Atlanta.
Without a word, he put down his omnipresent pile of papers, walked over to a pillar, and relieved himself.
“They say it’s not abnormal to have these things here and there, so this is one of those things I have to deal with.” Randolph said the organization had discussed putting Church on the disabled list but for now had decided against it.
In the case of the Port Authority, the abuses by unpaid commissioners and high-earning executives mounted into the millions of dollars and ended badly.
Zahra Dehneh, the 9-year-old Sox fan from Chicopee, had to stop playing baseball because she did not have the coordination or strength to either hit or catch; she now swims and takes dancing lessons.
But a listener in the row ahead improbably dozed through to the ruckus near the end of the third movement, and a couple in the row behind left after the second.
Often, though, Osso’s readings took Mr. Stevens’s music to new places, with folkish hints of a Scottish dance or a Midwestern hoedown juxtaposed with vibrato-free chordal suggestions of a churchy harmonium, or the glassy whistle of artificial harmonics giving the impression of a squeaky calliope.
There is no pool, although there is space for one to be built.
In Houston, a gang-related brawl on March 11 involved up to 80 prisoners, injuring 9 inmates and 3 employees.Investigators said they had no evidence that the two incidents were related beyond antagonisms between powerful Mexican and Texas prison gangs.
“There were two concessions in North Korea that I’d like to have,” he said.
Sometimes siblings recruit one another in the restaurant business, allowing it to grow.
The evidence on whether rating agencies bend to the bankers’ will is mixed.
''I'm basically an engager,'' Mr. de Hoop Scheffer said.
She recalled recently that her disappointment was so bad she even pondered quitting and was pessimistic about producing anything positive as a newly declared professional.
About half of the students are Qataris, and while they have some advantages — including a yearlong academic program to bolster the skills of those seeking admission — the Qatar Foundation supports non-Qataris, too, forgiving tuition loans to those who stay to work in Qatar after getting their degree.
HOW MUCH: $1,000,000 PER SQUARE FOOT: $292.40 SETTING: The house, equidistant from downtown Seattle and Tacoma, is about 15 minutes from the Seattle Tacoma International Airport COMMON SPACES: The living room has a fireplace and oversized windows facing the Sound, as well as French doors that open to a deck.
“Obama is getting mad props for social networking,” Mr. Stark recalled arguing.
They liked to recall that the author Stefan Zweig, arriving in Brazil from Nazi Europe, coined the phrase “País do Futuro” (“Country of the Future”) — and then killed himself.
In conversation the band members greet the possibility of fame with a shrug — perhaps wise self-protection in an era when the definition of success is being scaled down.
And because Mr. Redman based his current concept on the piano-less trio records made by Sonny Rollins just over 50 years ago -- not just ''Way Out West'' but also ''A Night at the Village Vanguard'' -- this run should feel especially resonant.
The Federal Reserve on Wednesday sharply lowered its projection for economic activity this year and next, and signaled that additional interest rate reductions may be needed to help combat the worst financial crisis in more than a half-century.
“We only want to question, ‘What means progress, what means development?’ ” Besides, almost everyone I talked to in Ladakh, foreign and local, told me that the Ladakhis’ interest in their own heritage, in Buddhism, in traditional medicine, has increased in recent times as they see how attractive these are to the outside world.
Her new job, at Davis Polk & Wardwell, a white-shoe firm that built its name as counsel to the House of Morgan, may seem a world away, at least at first blush.
But they kept seeing each other at other parties.
At the informal Dibiterie Cheik, where Senegalese television plays and immigrants tuck into huge plates of West African dishes, a surprisingly good dessert hides out in plastic tubs in the refrigerator.
Events take place, but without context.
“They took upon them a life of their own,” Mr. Woodruff said in an interview with The Times of London in 2003.
“Thank God they didn’t have this info,” read one item, quoting Mr. Dovel, “because this case would be over!” “Do you now believe that someone else was listening to that conversation?” asked Daniel A. Saunders, the lead federal prosecutor on the case.
He is a son of Joan Kreitler Goodwin and John B. Goodwin Jr. of Darien, Conn. His father retired as a managing director for investment banking at JPMorgan Chase in New York.
A spokesman for Alliant, a rocket and weapons maker better known as A.T.K., had little comment.
If he had a little more of the common touch, he’d be a truly dangerous man.” I certainly never expected to meet him.
David Weinstein, an attorney in the government’s Miami office, declined to discuss the specifics of the case.
In one case, Medicare paid more than 2,000 claims totaling $479,000 for services provided from 2002 to 2007, even though the doctor had died in 1999.
__________ 2008: Cornish Game Hens Canzanese By Zak Pelaccio, chef and owner of Fatty Crab For the hens: 2 Cornish hens (1 ¾ pounds each), quartered Salt Freshly ground black pepper ¼ pound thinly sliced lardo, pancetta or prosciutto, diced 5 cloves garlic, lightly crushed 3 sprigs rosemary 3 dried red chilis, broken 1 cup white wine ½ stick butter, cubed and kept cold For the salad: 1 ½ ounces thinly sliced prosciutto di Parma, cut into thin strips ½ pound arugula 1/3 cup fresh currants Extra-virgin olive oil Fleur de sel.
It’s a tawdry imperial vision that’s hard not to love, even if it is currently reduced to an odd sight seen from a cab on the way to and from J.F.K.
John Kennedy and Richard Nixon were long gone before Mr. Stone tackled them in his epics.
This would allow him one more serious work and possibly a short work just before the race.
“But an adorable, precocious kid who really gets their attention — that can do it, too.
1 player in the world, Justine Henin of Belgium, suddenly retired in May because of burnout at age 25.
Booooooohhhh-zahhhhhh…… On chilly Istanbul evenings, long after the final call to prayer, you can sometimes hear the street vendors cry out to advertise their sweet, thick and fortifying offering, a true taste of the Ottoman Empire.
As befits a court proceeding stemming from a deeply held conviction, Mr. Bloomberg will find himself confronting, in the defendant, a rather stubborn man of equally firm belief.
The boy was denied release at a detention hearing Friday morning and was being held at a juvenile justice center in South Bend, said Peter J. Nemeth, Probate Court judge in St. Joseph County.
Shawangunk Wine Trail, 714 Albany Post Road, New Paltz; (845) 255-2494 or www.gunkswine.com .
Indeed, when first observed at the mall in early March, Ayazhia had sold just 717 boxes; by a return visit last week, she was over 1,000.
“They are learning the skills; it takes a couple of years.
Vladimir Sungorkin, Komsomolskaya Pravda’s editor and general director, says its “optimistic” tone and lowbrow approach give readers what they want.
Brewer, the child of Pearly Mae Mickens, as telling her, “The voices took control, and I had to do it.”
Ms. Koh said she was advised by an American employee to return at 6 a.m. Thursday to join the standby list for a 12:40 p.m. flight.
“We remain focused on reaching an agreement as soon as possible.” About 3,650 workers at American Axle factories in Michigan and New York went on strike Feb. 26, saying the company’s demands that wages be cut nearly in half were too harsh.
And throughout the country, middle school is increasingly seen as a kind of educational black hole where raging hormones, changes in how youngsters learn and a dearth of great teachers can collide to send test scores plummeting.
It was Reyes’s 200th hit this season, and Santana scored the final run, finishing what he started.
NOT so long ago, if residents in the state were not happy with their cable company, they had only one other option, and that was satellite.
But in the month since repairs were completed, power use has crept up.
Brian D. Gallagher Westmont, N.J., April 17, 2008
It said the rebels, widely outlawed as a terrorist group, had simply used the pact to regroup and rearm.
Look at a map.” For Georgia, the fall of the Kodori Gorge is probably the final blow to an effort begun by Mr. Saakashvili to retake control of Abkhazia, which gained broad autonomy after a bloody civil war with Georgia in the early 1990s.
Even before the results and assessments were in, Mr. Saakashvili claimed victory, and said the support was larger than he had predicted.
Mr. Trebicka, in interviews, said Mr. Diveroli wanted to discard the crates and metal boxes to reduce the weight and cost of air shipments and maximize profits.
It wasn’t the only big seller among the 58 lots offered on Monday — sales totaled $171.8 million — in an auction that drew collectors and dealers from around the world to the start of the second week of sales here.
Ranging from 60 to 75 percent cacao, it is best made without milk, so it is nearly as thick as pudding ($6 to $9.50).
“Maybe Kaitlin didn’t feel the magic quite like I did,” he said.
A passionate voice for change and progress, Mr. Faraz was usually at his best when writing the poetry of love and protest.
Aired Friday night on NBC: I know we have a lot of college students here.
And if something similar comes up again and again, the officials may ask the Rules of Golf Committee to make a decision.
Each was in a different neighborhood, specialized in a different cuisine and presented a different atmosphere.
“It’s the only opportunity I get to perform classical music,” said Christopher, whose high school has no symphony orchestra.
Mr. Bush’s most significant clemency came last year, when he commuted the sentence of I. Lewis Libby Jr., a top aide to Vice President Dick Cheney, after his conviction on charges of perjury and obstruction of justice.
So each morning, people rise before the sun and stumble from their huts, beneath the arching canopy of a starry sky, to fill metal pails with the small, foul-smelling hacha fruit.
There were at least four 3-year-olds last year who were as good as Big Brown if not better.
Like the Scarab, the Forum’s face seems to take inspiration from the ancient Egyptians.
Under a system known as co-determination, employees wield considerable influence in the boardroom through representatives who are guaranteed the same number of board seats as shareholders and who are paid like senior executives.
“Yao Ming said, ‘Finally, you can understand the pressure on me,’ ” Liu recalled.
Or the party leaders who have warned attendees not to drink because of the altitude.
“The market is just in a holding pattern,” said Todd Leone, managing director of equity trading at Cowen & Company.
“I never asked about the patients’ lives, about who they are.
Jobs with the mortgage-finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have served as lucrative incubators for Democratic and Republican administration officials.
The English wanted to eliminate the Pequot as a force.” Walter W. Woodward, the Connecticut State historian, said that while Indian tribes in New England had engaged in violence against one another, they had never encountered the type of warfare employed by the English, who would wipe out entire villages.
Ms. Davis recalled that the coroner had told her, “Given the medicines he was on, his brain forgot to tell his heart to beat and his lungs to pump.” The case went to an arbitrator, who ruled that although Mr. Davis had overused his drugs in the past, the doctor had failed to warn him about the new risks of starting methadone together with Xanax and that the care was substandard.
Sometimes, Galindo demonstrated the skill that has made him one of the most dangerous strikers in Major League Soccer.
The citizens of New York have lost so much confidence in this process that we should do away with these earmarks that are distributed this way,’ ” he said.
It’s like a volcano coming out, from time to time.”
It was one of the best performances I’ve ever seen.
The capper, literally as well as figuratively, is a hood of shaved toasted macadamia nuts, their texture like that of thin sheets of Parmesan.
Alexis and his mother sleep in the bedroom, and the two girls sleep on couches in the living room.
Mr. Klein received cash and equity awards worth $19.3 million in addition to his $212,500 salary.
Philadelphia officials say service will not be disconnected.
The Iraqi political leadership has achieved a lot more political reconciliation and progress since September than the American political leadership has.” Mr. Gore declined to talk about Mr. Lieberman and their dispute over the war.
And under prodding from Congress, it even created a quarterly list of potential drug problems that safety reviewers are in the midst of investigating.
But he was put on a workout regimen, and on a diet of grilled and steamed food.
“We need stronger medicine,” he said, adding, “It’s a losing game for the taxpayer if the state gives you a rebate check on Monday and then on Tuesday your local government taxes it away.” Many of his proposals will require legislative approval.
Two years ago, the Fritz Pollard Alliance, formed to promote diversity in hiring at all levels of coaching in the N.F.L., asked Myles Brand, the N.C.A.A.
President Obama, don’t you let us down!
By the 20th of January, they’ve gone back to their original scheduling.” New York City health officials said that it was too early to assess the impact, but that a survey of customers found a majority supported the new law.
In one spectacular example depicting an Islamic garden in Western-style perspective, a colorfully attired prince and his courtiers drink wine from Venetian goblets.
But that's part of the reason housing prices, despite their decline, are still about 10 percent too high, David Leonhardt writes.
From 2002 to 2005, according to the Connecticut Multiple Listing Service, houses in Woodbury sold for an average of $425,800.
The ban is the final step in a 2006 prohibition on smoking in public places, which had granted postponements to restaurants, bars, discos, casinos and other commercial pleasure enterprises so that they could better brace themselves for smokelessness.
Use them properly”; and “Knowledge of language is the gateway to wisdom.” She has amassed quite a repertory.
THE surge in Iraq has been one of the most impressive military accomplishments in recent years.
Four other screens and 14 speaker towers were being placed on the narrow meadow to the north.
The hedge funds have argued that the company should sell many of its assets – including, possibly, the headquarters building in Manhattan, The Boston Globe, some smaller newspapers and a minority stake in the Boston Red Sox – and invest aggressively in Internet companies.
It has an operating budget of $2.8 billion.
Poussin passed the time profitably by studying antiquities and by drawing from nature; upon his patrons’ return, important commissions began to roll in.
He is a distant relative of the founder — his father was adopted by the wife of one of Jamsetji’s sons.
Mr. Parker, who is also the chaired professor of management science at Insead (a business school with campuses in Fontainebleau, France, and Singapore), has developed computer algorithms that collect publicly available information on a subject — broad or obscure — and, aided by his 60 to 70 computers and six or seven programmers, he turns the results into books in a range of genres, many of them in the range of 150 pages and printed only when a customer buys one.
In contrast, Mayor Michael Bloomberg has predicted a loss of 10,700 jobs.
“People know us, we’re almost a public utility,” said Tom Chahalis, Steve’s father, who is 72.
Full reviews of all current releases, movie trailers, showtimes and tickets: nytimes.com/movies.
The increased risk is probably explained by factors associated with height, like the insulinlike Growth Factor 1 system, which stimulates cell growth and has been linked to the incidence and progression of prostate cancer.
If you don’t actually have any calls to make, the phone offers plenty of multimedia options to pass the time, like e-mail, Sprint TV for live and on-demand video, the Sprint Music Store for wireless song downloads and Sprint Radio with 150 streaming channels.
Judge Murphy said those people should not be prevented from voting if they can produce more proof of residency at the polls.
Federal officials said that both of the men who were arrested — Paul Schlesselman, 18, of West Helena, Ark., and Daniel Cowart, 20, of Bells, Tenn. — told interrogators that they had talked of assassinating Mr. Obama.
When someone makes a breakthrough, pretty soon every other team is aware of it and starts using it, too.
(A week later, Mr. Steel hired his former employer, Goldman Sachs, to shop the firm.)
“She was amazed that I was there to see her,” Hagen said, recalling that warm day in Beijing outside the gates of the athletes’ village, the Olympic moment Hagen had come all the way from Chicago for, on a whim, a wing and — considering the language and logistical barriers — a prayer.
We can’t know that with certainty though.
“He’s a good friend of mine,” said the St. Émilion winemaker Laurence Brun, when I interviewed her last year, “but it is impossible to deal with him now.
Imagine how long that game would take today!David Halpert Santa Monica, Calif.
The cases ranged from property destruction to rapes and killings.
The Turkish military said the operation had dealt a serious blow to the P.K.K.’s network.
The charges have pushed Merrill Lynch deep into the red and forced the company to lay off 4,000 workers.
“I really think it makes everyone feel taken care of.” And the icing on the cake?
She leaves many friends in Upper Saddle River and in New York City, where she was active in several groups at the New York Athletic Club, including the wine society and theatre group.
While that business has been lucrative in recent years, it has slowed as the financial markets have slumped.
“The student workers,” she said with a shake of her head as some of those same commenced to laugh.
Though my hair looked wonderful, that was the first and last time I went to M. Christophe.
On the way back home to New York that night, I had another layover, two and a half hours, in Atlanta, so I decided to follow another Chowhound lead.
Asked to specify what the advice was that Mr. Cayne ignored, Mr. Greenberg remained oblique.
(The Cubbies and the Mets are each about $25 behind, those pikers.)
It is just the right size for hand laundering.
The O’Shaughnessy Dividend fund, which heavily invests in financials, is down 17.2 percent through July 30 compared with a 15.2 percent drop in the Russell 1000 value index.
Perhaps, but, as it turns out, Federer, who is 26, has not been practicing full disclosure.
Banks now own loans they cannot sell.
It did not request explanation for these alleged errors or a review of the procedures.
The waterfalls took a team of nearly 200 designers, engineers and construction experts to build, at a cost of $15.5 million.
Villa understands that the explosive growth of women’s soccer and softball in the United States was fueled by the gold medals the national teams won in Atlanta in 1996.
Nearby, the town of Lobos has nightclubs and restaurants.
Kevin J. Martin, chairman of the F.C.C., said in an interview that since 1996, when Congress increased competition in telecommunications, prices have dropped for many other services.
Checks should be made payable to the F.I.T.
And there’s this: About 20 percent of white voters (and almost 90 percent of the voters were white) said race was an important factor in their vote, and nearly 9 in 10 of them supported Mrs. Clinton.
A fifth-round draft choice by the Giants in 1994, Howry, 35, spent four years in the team’s farm system before being traded to the Chicago White Sox.
Hoosier had 60 days to find a new insurer with stronger ratings.
PERSONAL SPACES: The master suite is on the first floor.
“Lonely and Horny?” read a headline in The Irish Independent the following morning.
Association members’ offerings range from dry and complex to soft and fruity to sparkling and dessert wines.
Mr. Duncan has worked closely in that effort with Barbara T. Bowman, the Chicago Public Schools’ chief officer for early childhood education, who is the mother of Mr. Obama’s senior adviser, Valerie Jarrett .
I definitely know when to quit: movies and plays get 30 minutes, books get 100 pages.
As Truman Capote and Norman Mailer did with their “nonfiction novels,” Swan spends the greater part of her book tracing the effect of this crime on the community.
“I’ll stay here at HBO as long as they’ll have me,” he told the magazine.
Mr. Haydenn said that the reason his supervisor gave for his dismissal was that there were urine stains found on one of the toilets he had cleaned.
chief executive, Lee Sander, may have to further delay some projects, perhaps the next leg of the Second Avenue subway, to pare costs.
Recorded telephone calls showed Mr. Blagojevich being far less than respectful when discussing the president-elect and voicing frustration at his inability to advance beyond the governor’s office.
For season-ticket holders who want the velvet-rope treatment, a members-only club with a bar and a panoramic view of Eighth Avenue facing the Farley building is set to open in the spring.
He said that on Monday, if all goes well, he will announce a major order.
Her mother, also retired, was a guidance counselor at Tenafly Middle School in Tenafly, N.J.
Then, a year ago, the company produced a well-received preview program as prelude to the imminent double bill.
She woke her husband and called her doctor back home.
Such a decentralized system would ensure that the government had a working parliamentary majority that could hold the executive branch accountable.
Senator John Barrasso, Republican of Wyoming, says he is generally for “fewer regulations and less government but I’m very concerned about the high cost of energy.” “I think the price is higher than it should be, given supply and demand, and I’m looking at it to see if there’s manipulative speculation,” he added.
Ivanovic has developed an unusually good balance of speed, spin and consistency, enabling her to control points and neutralize the major weakness of taller players: “Mobility is not as much of a weapon for Ana as for smaller girls,” says her coach, Sven Groeneveld, “so you look to compensate for that by making your serve a weapon.” REPEAT, REPEAT, REPEAT “The key to great serving is consistency,” says Brenda Schultz-McCarthy, who owns the women’s serve-speed record of 130 m.p.h.
We made bets not on whether it would happen, but when.
“Next time they should warn people about this, not the storm itself,” Ms. Jones said.
“I get that question every day, ‘Why are we following the law when the guy down the street isn’t, and I’m the one who may face going out of business,’ ” Mr. Mooers said Here on Cape Cod, the need for imported seasonal labor is especially acute, as 25 percent of residents are over 65 and high real estate prices have driven many blue-collar workers elsewhere.
It’s the pressure to have big films under your belt.” The influx of money has meant a bonanza for the top actors.
Van Rensselaer in 1785, is listed in the National Register of Historic Places and is frequently included on historic house tours in the Hudson Valley.
I also said, ‘My God, he had such a bright future ahead of him.’ He’s a good-looking guy, very down to earth.” As a graduate of Fordham Law School and the scion of a noted Staten Island political family, Mr. Fossella was, in many ways, biographically predestined to enter the world of Staten Island politics.
Through it all, Ms. Colon, now 62, fought paralyzing pain from her black, blistered legs, a symptom of her diabetes and joint disease.
He’s older and great looking and sexy.
“I think baseball is fun — you come to eat, talk, and I think French people don’t like that.
Several works dealing with childhood are assembled here, notably Yuko Suzuki’s colorful silhouettes made of cut-out, painted pieces of plywood that fill the back wall of the main gallery.
“Like when the twin towers fell, the city was quiet.
A few airlines showcase a new first class that humbles traditional first, in which passengers find privacy in enclosed suites or pods, with ottomans, tables, double beds and designer amenities to satisfy the most affluent traveler.
To clarify, President Ilham Aliyev issued two orders in 2005 calling on election officials to obey election laws and lifted a ban on public demonstrations.
Neither Kumar nor any of his fellow wrestlers here have received much notice.
A decade later, ethnic violence exploded in North Kivu.
He’s close to Hollywood, so there’s going to be stars that come to watch him.” To that end, Torre was served reminders all day.
The increase is projected to raise $265 million for the general fund, including expanded state financing for children’s health insurance.
Narrow stone steps run up the hillside, flanked by closely-clustered two-story stone houses with red tile roofs.
I assume this, though thoroughly de-eroticized, is the hootchy-kootchy dance to whose history Mr. Harrell refers in a program note.
He denounced efforts by President Robert Mugabe ’s government to portray the meeting as a negotiation imminently leading to a settlement, saying the ruling party, ZANU-PF, was “being disingenuous and exploiting the plight of the Zimbabwean people for political gain.” Mr. Tsvangirai was in an awkward position.
To move away from our energy-guzzling suburban model, then, we Americans will have to reorganize not just our infrastructure, but also our values and our economy.
If Collins stays healthy and does not botch games the rest of the way, he is expected to remain the starter.
The fungus is expected to reach Latin America in 5 to 10 years, maybe 20.
On Monday, Jerry Yang gave his version.
PARKING Alternate-side parking regulations suspended.
They can’t seem to decide if the moral imperative is more crucial than the pleasure principle, or the other way around.
Main Street begins at the volunteer firehouse and dead-ends at the waterfront of the Long Island Sound.
With their scarves and coats in muted colors, steady gazes and rosebud mouths, the figures who pause at Garance Doré seem somehow sainted.