Of parochial school students getting remedial instruction, most of them -- about 12,440 this school year -- went to class in vans that the school board leased from New York Bus Service, a private concern that operates city buses and supplies school buses for the board.
Still, the copiousness of the display may have more to do with its objective, which is evidently to portray the triumph of acquired characteristics over inherited ones.
Indeed, the Globe poll suggested that support for Mr. Forbes's flat-tax plan had eroded and that Mr. Forbes's appeal was now in his portrayal of himself as a Washington outsider "The flat tax thing got everybody's attention," State Representative Harold W. Burns, a Dole supporter and Speaker of the New Hampshire House, said.
Much of the President's money-raising has taken place at two Washington hotels, the Jefferson and the Hay Adams, where small groups of perhaps 20 donors, many who contribute as much as $50,000 or $100,000 a piece get to dine with Mr. Clinton, out of the eyes of the press.
Alcan, a Montreal-based aluminum producer, will continue to own three businesses in Britain.
Before he enlisted in the Air Force, he lived in Tenafly, but nobody's going to go to Tenafly to see a museum.''
Light Bulgarian-style salads -- tomatoes, peppers, onions, cucumbers, lettuce and cheese -- are served for $4.
Mr. Ryan said he hoped to apply at Foote, Cone some of the strategies that have recently helped FCB/Leber Katz win large assignments from clients like the AT&T Corporation and the Tropicana unit of the Seagram Company.
"Here are elastic bands and staples and my money belt and my 'fuzz buster.'
TV is in such bad repute that even its own titans now trash it.
"This is good news," said Deputy Secretary of the Treasury Lawrence H. Summers, the architect of the bailout package last year.
The Hawkeye defense continued its penurious ways in the second half, holding the Nittany Lions (6-2, 2-2) to zero points and four first downs.
The remark caused the general so much grief that he retreated immediately.
''But allowing some meaningful community input is the American way.''
My heart is sick and sad.
Admission: $8; $5 for students and the elderly; free for those under 12.
They have the commitment and the working environment.
But it took until today, on a gray and sullen Canadian afternoon, with the tail end of a dying hurricane sweeping across Glen Abbey Golf Club, for Hart to beat them all.
Joseph L. Forstadt, the lawyer for two major wholesale trade associations in the fish market, assailed the city's regulations as ''demeaning and demoralizing'' for employers and employees.
But in January when Mr. Kertzman met with Sybase's chairman, chief and president, Mark Hoffman, to say he intended to leave within six months, it set in motion a chain of events that led to the low-key Mr. Hoffman's handing over two of his three jobs to the high-energy Mr. Kertzman last Thursday.
If America's private sector is so dynamic, why isn't it growing faster?
But, he said, the system is a kind of "Catch-22," in that people who have permits can also be fined if they have too many false alarms, while people who do not have permits continue to get away with it.
He sees a black waiter and starts to shuffle.
Mr. Torricelli, who recently reported having a lead of more than $3 million in fund raising over his Republican opponent, Richard A. Zimmer, has also realized rapid growth in his personal finances over the last four years by investing in risky new companies through a blind trust and by profiting in an initial stock offering in which he is said to have received privileged, albeit legal, advice.
Afterward, a dispirited Mr. Reed described it as some of the worst advance work he had ever seen, according to two campaign officials who heard the remark.
Still, Boeing said it expected to save $1 billion in annual costs, although it did not specify how that would be achieved.
You got a bunch of guys making hundreds of thousands or a million bucks, and you need to whip a ball and chain across his head to get him to play?''
And in 1958, Doris Day recorded a bouncy tune, ''Everybody Loves a Lover,'' with lyrics by Richard Adler: ''Ev'rybody loves me.
"It is directed as if Sade, Freud, class warfare and the feminist struggle had not arrived to disrupt the established order," he wrote.
And there it was, a most welcome reminder of why so many have chosen to live in this complicated, sometimes cruel city, rather than in a simpler, more homogenized corner of the country.
He added, "It's an itch that institutions have not been able to scratch because they haven't liked the proposals to date."
When workers are equipped with the right machinery and know-how, their productivity rises.
A week after Mr. Staggie was killed, the police and armed supporters of the Muslim vigilante group fought after police riot units halted a march on the homes of alleged drug dealers in Cape Town's mixed-race Athlone district.
Not when his season was in jeopardy and his presence late in the season was unexpected.
''We are quite confident that we will prevail,'' Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani said.
When it comes to Gauguin himself, a chilliness creeps into Mr. Sweetman's writing.
With other ministers on the staff, he stood there, he said, ''waiting to see if anyone would come down the aisle.''
Knock When They're Home The Campaign Encyclopedia, the bulky bible of campaigning put out by the Republican National Committee, recommends several strategies to perfect the door-to-door blitz: The best time of the day to canvass is when people are at home.
''I'm a sportscaster, but nowadays I'm also an entertainer,'' Mr. Wolff said.
(+) 12 6 THE WEB, by Jonathan Kellerman.
The decision defers to what Marvin Miller, a nuclear engineer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, calls ''Russia's almost theological commitment to the use of plutonium as an energy source.''
of 5.86 is the second highest, slightly better than the Rockies' 5.97.
New York's image of a boisterous, bigger-than-life city is now that of a boisterous, bigger-than-life city that actually works.
And operating cash flow -- often considered a better measure of a media company's cash flow -- rose 32 percent, to $899 million, from $681 million in the quarter a year earlier.
Member of Government Reform and Oversight Committee and Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.
"His eyes welled up, but he didn't cry," she said.
It is this sense of seeing double and triple while looking at a single figure that accounts for the power of these images and makes them more effective than Mr. Morimura's multiple performances.
When Vice President Al Gore called shortly after the elections to congratulate him on the new Senate majority, Mr. Sullivan became tongue-tied.
She is survived by three children and two grandchildren.
Will "Bring In da Noise" tap into a black audience with its rendering of the history of black culture in America?
Both Dr. Angell and William B. Boni, vice president for communications at Interneuron, described the relationship of the two authors to the company.
After they trailed by four, the Canadiens came back with two goals, the first, on a two-man power play, by Mark Recchi; the second, at even strength, by the disappointing Pierre Turgeon.
He said the crack epidemic has abated, a conclusion on which several national experts in drug abuse agree.
The most psychologically challenged team in basketball found someone with a slow pulse today: Shawn Kemp.
Of course, it could always turn out to be a bad experiment, but I don't think so.
When management approached Holzman it was made clear that a) it would most likely seek a more high-profile coach at season's end, and b) Holzman, who liked what he was doing, would be well served to accept the new job.
But Jeff has already begun his tour as instant celebrity.
Officials are also trying to determine how many other cases have not been reported, and they are looking into the possibility that the parasite may have entered the United States with returning tourists.
The fire inside Marcus Camby was smoldering long before Massachusetts Coach John Calipari came to ignite it during the warm-ups for the second half of the East Regional final against Georgetown last week.
Chris Christenson was 51 when he won the 1926 nationals.
A15 In Canton, Mr. Clinton is winning the Battle of the Lesser Evils.
Yankee Coaches Job Update Chris Chambliss, the Yankees' batting coach and an aspiring manager, called his interview on Thursday with the California Angels for their manager's job ''as good an interview as I've ever had.''
recently added nonstop flights between its St. Louis hub and Austin, Tex.
Mayer, Brown & Platt, a law firm, settled for $30 million and the law firm of Perkins Coie agreed to pay $12.7 million.
Cargo bins were ruled out as a location of a bomb or the target of a missile when no blast damage was found there.
Ms. Dallape hates to think how hard it would have been to muster the courage to leave if the state's no-fault divorce law, which a Republican state lawmaker has proposed changing, had not been in effect.
Sarajevo still suffers the occasional sniper attack, and many areas remain in ruins.
Those who are so quick to criticize the way the Clinton White House has handled matters might, with some much needed perspective, own up to the disingenuous quality of some of their charges.
Opera buffa confusions and subordinate characters abound.
Adam Heneghan, 25, and his brother, Eric, 27, the multimedia directors who formed Giant Step in 1990, will report to Rashad Tobaccowala, 36, vice president and interactive marketing director at Burnett.
The panel, whose members are appointed by the Governor and legislative leaders, is to submit its recommendations to the Legislature by Jan. 22.
"Protecting White America," a black man's story of accommodation and burnout, was written for the occasion by Ms. Mandel's husband of 18 years, the actor Frankie R. Faison.
He has just made his directorial debut with ''Emma,'' one of the most ballyhooed movies of the year, for which he also wrote the screenplay.
She is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Patrick J. Kearney of Bayside, Queens.
"You let them reach for the skies, you let them do the things in which there might be danger, because you want them to grow," he said.
It doesn't matter anyway: O. J. is a figure of tragic, heroic dimensions, like Othello, Iago, Romeo, whoever.
When he faced Democrats in his first two years in office, Mr. Clinton tacked leftward, raising taxes to combat the Federal deficit and trying to sell universal health care coverage.
Imagine that you are able to follow his lead and work yourself into a state of concern, and perhaps even outrage, over the lamentable workings of some reservation governments.
Service was lost about 9:30 A.M. and was restored by 4:10 P.M., said Beverly Levy, a spokeswoman for Southern New England Telecommunications Corporation.
7 before moving to Chicago to assume national leadership.
And as his regular band wandered out toward the end of the show to join in with the mariachis, it wasn't hard to be impressed by somebody who has spent a career in an ambiguous zone between definitions.
But not originality alone, because there can be originality in stupidity, with no musical description of any emotion or any beauty the man has seen, or any kind of life he has lived.
And when the runner moves, he will be represented by a dot in that miniature diamond.
The Assembly Democrats want to spend about $1 billion more than Mr. Pataki, and Mr. Silver has submitted a list to the Governor of $2 billion in potential sources of additional revenue.
And Mr. Rowland, who comes from the blue-collar city of Waterbury, sees his urban agenda as a continuation of his effort to correct problems caused by the Great Society programs of the 1960's.
Soon after the accusation was made against Mrs. Altman, a white computer teacher at P.S.
Those who remain, including a few from the old school of producing, are mostly occasional presences on Broadway; others are specialists in musical spectacles or wealthy investors.
" The "serious need" of the graduate student was poorly served, indeed, by the thesis writer who is quoted.
75240; (214) 907-0414 or (800) 527-2500.
"They're a bunch of great guys who just wanted to see me prosper.
A climactic moment in the movie is a soliloquy by Mr. Goodin after a campaign stop at a mall.
''I learned a lot from him,'' Mr. Monory said.
He hit a solo home run (his 10th) to left field in the seventh, in his final time at bat tonight, to slice the deficit to 5-4.
The video-conferencing link could also prove helpful, Mr. Wright added, but there is no work-station set-up at a desk where a traveler could simply plug a laptop computer into the superfast line and get to work.
In its 1995 decision overturning the conviction, the Ohio Supreme Court said that in the context of traffic stops, motorists needed clear guidance so they could tell when they were no longer obliged to cooperate and so that police officers could not ''turn a routine traffic stop into a fishing expedition for unrelated criminal activity.''
Love, your mother and father.''
He was booked for the next two years.
He's a contractor; she's a housewife.
Nobody should smoke, young or old.
April heating oil rose 1.32 cents, to 62.65 cents a gallon, and April unleaded gasoline rose 1.46 cents, to 65.49 cents a gallon.
Maybe a blessing for others too.
Admirers offered to set up meetings with people with the power to put his proposals to work.
NBC News may try to retain Mr. Gumbel for other assignments, but he will be available to negotiate with any network or other television entity.
But given the uncertainty surrounding the state budget this year, some college administrators are worried that even if the money is restored, it will not come in time to help students and their families.
He remains winless and threatened with marginalization if not elimination from the race.
There was no indication of how Mr. Netanyahu would placate him.
In fact, she did so just a few weeks ago.
Marc Racicot and Attorney General Joseph P. Mazurek will ask the State Legislature next year to institute a maximum speed of 75 miles per hour on the Interstates and 65 m.p.h.
"Psychologically, it's still very new," said Mr. Rifai.
Massachusetts Health and Education Facilities Authority, $80 million of revenue bonds for Bay State Medical Center.
The closest large mall is the Monmouth Mall in Eatontown, six miles southwest.
I sign up for almost everything.''
Box 269 Alexandria, Va. 22313 Save The Children P.O.
But prosecutors expected Mr. Bailey to eventually return the stock and its profits to them, minus what he had spent on approved expenses; instead Mr. Bailey announced earlier this year that he was keeping the profits, more than $20 million, as his fee.
She is also a candidate for a Ph.D. in art history at the City University of New York.
But it certainly felt as if we were about to hit bricks and mortar.
It is used to address seasonal shortages of reserves, and is not a signal of any change in monetary policy.
They buggy-lugged the paper from people's cars to the bins.''
More important, it would give the judiciary added credibility, demonstrating that court intervention in the city's affairs need not last forever.
Ms. Davis, who lives in the sprawling, low-income Iberville housing project just across the street, was on her way to the grocery.
Not only did the Yankees defeat the tough Pat Hentgen to maintain their three-and-a-half game lead over second-place Baltimore, which came from behind to beat Detroit, 7-6.
Heat two tablespoons of the oil in a heavy skillet.
The Bengals expect Brilz to return for the Sept. 29 game against Denver.
Remember gays and elderly vote more than anyone else, so tell your friends.
The shares of Omnicare Inc. of Cleveland declined $4.375, to $50, yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange after the company said on Tuesday that Government investigators had seized records from Omnicare's Home Pharmacy Services unit.
And when, as he does from time to time, Mr. Draper stops to describe some event like the Boston Massacre or Paul Revere's ride, his narrative adds little if anything to the work of others.
Mr. Miyazaki has never made much effort to have his films distributed outside Japan, in part because foreign distributors wanted to cut them or otherwise alter them.
"In the 1980's, people wanted entire libraries."
Women may be more likely to take summer romances more seriously, Dr. Fried said.
Net interest revenue fell 6 percent, to $488 million from $518 million, mainly because of lower interest-related profits from trading.
MANHATTAN CARNEGIE HILL $1.25 million 158 East 95th Street 4-bedroom, 3 full-, 2 half-bath, 4-story brownstone town house; dining room, 2 powder rooms, 4 fireplaces, 2 living rooms, study, south garden, 18.9- by 100-ft. lot; taxes $7,600, listed at $1.395 million, 3 weeks on market (Broker: Corcoran Group) FORT WASHINGTON $125,000 730 Fort Washington Avenue (Tryon Towers) 2-bedroom, 2-bath, 1,235-sq.-ft. co-op in a prewar building; elevator, windowed dining room, sunken living room, partial Hudson River view; maintenance $801, 61% tax-deductible, listed at $135,000, 30 weeks on market (Broker: Simone Song) TRIBECA $450,000 150-152 Chambers Street 1-bedroom, 1-bath, 1,460-sq.-ft. condo in a loft building; gourmet kitchen, fireplace, common roof, 2 exposures; common charge $500, taxes $1,020, listed at $460,000, 22 weeks on market (Brokers: Eychner Associates; Douglas Elliman) WEST SIDE $982,000 22 West 66th Street (Europa) 2-bedroom, 3-bath, 2,241-sq.-ft. condo in a recently built building; 24-hr.
The news was conveyed to Ms. LuPone just before she was to go on in a London performance.
In a break with a nearly 25-year-old practice in Mississippi, Governor Fordice nominated four white men to replace four retiring state board members.
It seems like a flavor saver of sorts, a preservative method that could keep the United States Open's most colorful, most popular, most goatee-loving figures in the tournament as long as possible.
MR. MARTINEZ and his management team know they are pushing hard.
Mr. Donohue met his current house mate while working in the fishing industry.
Kevin Coombs, 19, of Garfield, was sentenced to 15 months and Christopher Talbot, 19, of Lodi, was sentenced to 12 months for the desecration.
But during a meeting last year with Arab Interior Ministers, Prince Nayef, the Saudi Interior Minister, said publicly that although Riyadh had stopped financing militant Islamic groups, individual Saudis were still helping them without the ''knowledge or consent of the Government.''
Only a few miles from Manhattan, Woodside seemed a world away from the Upper East Side sidewalk where the life drained from Mrs. Alvarez; from the cell at Bellevue Hospital Center where Mr. Royster is being held and examined, and from the Manhattan courthouse where a grand jury is to convene today to begin to decide his fate.
It might launch a skirmish to break the deadlock, or even try to invade the South.
While local boards existed before decentralization, they were essentially toothless until 1970, when they gained hiring powers.
He also fretted about the dangers of a "brain drain" and "declining English proficiency among young people."
The combined company would have annual revenues of nearly $500 million and about 3,400 employees.
As part of its new strategy, the federation will seek to organize not just one or two employers in an industry in a region, but also to organize all employers in that industry.
Thomas shot 9 for 14 from the floor, including 2 of 3 from 3-point range, for the Wildcats (4-0).
In today's dollars, that would be $4.64.
Rather than hire foreign contractors, he created a national youth service and put teen-agers to work, along with idle troops, to rebuild roads.
(The backdrop of the male-dominated theater establishment remains intact from one book to another, but that's because it remains intact in life from one era to another.)
That infrastructure is deteriorating, and local governments do not have the wherewithal to undertake upgrades.
Others say such a response deflects, or even worsens, the problem.
ABC Carpet and Home is not welcome on Long Island's affluent East End.
Dressed only in lemon and olive oil, it depends on the flavors of the seafood itself; the textures are underlined by the smooth avocado, crisp leaves of lettuce and crunchy bits of flying-fish roe.
Mr. Puccio, his voice rising to a shout, asked the jurors: ''Would you run?
We might have been in the Nuovo Cinema Paradiso, but instead of flickering images projected in black and white, we watched knights in shining armor stride across the stage, less than 3 feet tall, their colorful plumes bouncing and their shields clanking.
Speaking of time, the two-minute trailer for "Black Sheep" is so crammed with pratfalls that it appears funny.
Indeed, while senior White House aides went out of their way to insist that domestic electoral politics had played no role in Mr. Clinton's decision to retaliate against Mr. Hussein's incursions into Kurdish enclaves in northern Iraq, they made it equally plain that they now saw Mr. Clinton's stewardship of foreign policy as a selling point, not something to play down.
And advertising for Glendale Federal's campaign, created by Omnicom Group's BBDO West in Los Angeles, has shifted from assaults against Bank of America to attacks on Wells Fargo and First Interstate.
Published by Shaw Guides, it is available for $19.95 in book and cookware stores.
In an effort to keep the young salmon from overheating, the Federal Bureau of Reclamation is bolting a huge $80 million temperature control system to Shasta Dam.
Perhaps the greatest failing of the managed-care company, Dr. Schiffer said, was that, despite claims to the contrary, those administrators who were reviewing requests for extended treatment had no clear-cut criteria for deciding whether medical necessity warranted it.
But there is no mistaking the disaffection that emanates from these strange canvases.
The price is an additional $15 above the $38 one-way price for each vehicle, plus a $25 one-time registration fee.
Tell them that the status quo is good enough.
''I am certainly a proponent of the First Amendment,'' said Lisa Unsworth, managing partner at Houston Herstek Favat in Boston, ''but any freedoms come with responsibilities.
Being part Indian, I guess he felt he had to get an Indian name in there somewhere -- I've always claimed he had to be in the firewater to give a kid a name like that.
I had a piece of equipment in the car that slipped, and it was blocking the brake pedal."
At the same time, the co-op is credited with the $2,000 by the city.
Mr. Wadlington's invention allows someone to initiate the turn signal with a quick tap.
It should be obvious that the correct answer, both times, is (d).
I don't bear any guilt for knowing how to write a grant."
Explaining the reason for Sprite's success, Mr. Conway cited the new green plastic "dimple" bottle as well as distribution improvements and a marketing campaign aimed at 15- to 25-year-olds.
Cygne Design, a private-label and brand-name apparel vendor in New York, has reported three consecutive quarters of losses, and its trade credit agreement was suspended in November after it failed to make payments.
There will be a consolation game at 1 P.M. Saturday and the championship at 4 P.M. Boston's Fleet Center is the site for Hockey East's event, which has its top team, Boston University (28-5-3), facing Providence (19-14-3) and UMass-Lowell (25-7-4) meeting Maine (25-8-4) in semifinals tomorrow night.
Then there's a 1938 portrait of Maya, one of Picasso's daughters, in a pinafore, a virtuoso turn made to look childlike, remarkable for its freely scribbled lines against a bare surface and its acutely drawn, sober face.
"Our voters, any Russian voter within the bloc of national patriots, will not accept this kind of brief message," he said.
Optioned INF Herbert Perry to Buffalo.
''Lion, I want to touch your hair,'' squealed 3-year-old Molly Bareiss of Stamford, tugging .
By May 1996, that figure had increased to 80.8 percent.
''Some people like Tylenol; some people like aspirin,'' Mr. Marion said.
For heaven's sake, you can even throw a stone across the river in some places."
"Diabolique" is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian).
The 1968 law establishing Memorial Day as one of five Monday holidays surely hastened its trivialization.
''After that the market will realize it's dealing with a very high-risk stock.''
And soon, Mr. Green said, ''it became a landslide, a snowball.''
Mr. Yager credits a Bay Area nonprofit organization for vastly raising the quality of his summer job.
Zogg, with much to smile about by now, enthusiastically nodded, then waited for her daughter to come through the runway.
There are no rental apartments in the borough, Mr. von Sternberg said.
"That issue was our big disappointment for the quarter."
With its Open rough as high as Don King's hairdo and greens that resemble Olympic ski runs, Oakland Hills has been known as the Monster ever since.
Those remarks were attacked by politicians in New York and Washington.
The new Congress will be narrowly divided, however, and Mr. Clinton will have to find a way to use Republicans not only as an electoral foil, as he did successfully in the second half of his first term, but also, if he wants to leave a legislative record, as genuine partners in compromise.
That's the kind of message young audiences can relate to.
Terrance Brennan, the chef and owner of Picholine, features rhubarb in a variety of dishes, including a vinegarless "vinaigrette" served with a salad of grains and greens.
Now I'm trying to spend more money on investments.''
UNDER 12 The content is inappropriate.
SISTER MARY MORROW not only works in a hospital.
The Lincoln Plaza Cinemas are on Broadway near 63d Street in Manhattan.
Nature itself, in the form of richly diverse ecological communities, has been separated from humanity and compartmentalized, the compartments being those smallish reserves, refuges and national parks that we feel we can conveniently afford to set aside.
The women, who at the outset of the study were on average slightly over 18 years old and 23 weeks into their pregnancies, were divided into four groups based on folic acid consumption.
They're celebrating a Grammy for their album "Infinity" (Impulse).
has harbored visions of development above the railyards, with the profits going to capital improvements in its subway, bus and commuter rail network.
I don't know what the statute of limitations is for sexual harassment, but I don't plan to press charges.
But now we have a way to stop most of these accidents.
Camby, 22, who entered the National Basketball Association draft after winning college player of the year honors last season and helping lead UMass to its first Final Four appearance, has admitted accepting cash from one agent and jewelry that another agent bought.
But the concession insures that Democrats will have a chance to rewrite farm policy in seven years.
Even now he has a hard time with English accents.
If the owner of a distressed building is struggling to pay the mortgage or the tax bill -- or if he simply pockets the rent money -- maintenance is likely to suffer.
If you're working only on flat surfaces, you can get by with a 2 1/2-inch flat brush.
"The deal," he said, "made sense from an economic standpoint, because although the capital cost of converting office space to retail is high, the rent value for the additional floors is very competitive."
The addresses mattered, of course, because Marlowe tended to do a lot of legwork handled by computers today.
"Ashes and Diamonds" is matched in brilliance by the director's 1977 "Man of Marble" (to be shown Feb. 13 and 14), about an impetuous film student (the character is based on Agnieszka Holland) whose graduation project is the making of a politically sensitive whatever-happened-to documentary.
But Mr. Courtney would not criticize the park's guidance about playing dead.
One police official, speaking only on condition of anonymity, told The Associated Press that Mrs. Vassallo had been trying to kill her children while committing suicide.
Mr. Oliver and about 20 other members of the Jersey chapter of the national Surfrider Foundation were gathered around a big table last Saturday afternoon at a hotel in Sea Girt to discuss what they believe is a campaign of harassment of surfers in New Jersey, whose beaches are the most heavily regulated in the nation.
With Mr. Brezhnev too infirm to work, Mr. Andropov and Mr. Chernenko were vying for power.
Shares of Lycos Inc., a company that operates an electronic directory of the Internet, opened trading yesterday at $29.25 a share -- $13.25 over the initial public offering price -- before drifting back to close at $21.9375 in Nasdaq trading.
Either way the sort of important people Mr. Woodward writes about know as well as he does that they are at his mercy, not merely because of who he is and what he does but also because of who they are and what they do.
Everything came together for a group that found its touch and spunk with Pack sandwiched by the shooting guard Kerry Kittles and the small forward Kendall Gill, who scored 32 points for a diminutive lineup that produced the most points for the Nets so far this season.
"The university does not want to be a museum of buildings," Mr. Parsons said.
The Federal Government closed down in December, the endowment had lost 40 percent of its appropriation, three-quarters of its staff had been laid off.
They even went so far as to publish a limited set of numbers to show that Barneys was financially healthy, a first in the secretive company's history.
Workers have threatened to walk off the job today, and the Norwegian Government has said it will not intervene.
Such is the seriousness with which the residents of the town of New Castle embrace recycling, which is practiced zealously by those who adhere to its tenets.
Because Jen is studying carefully the differences in the insects, she identified three that were harmful and five that were not.
While some directors saw Mr. Siegel working around the office, Mr. Kahn did not officially inform the board of the arrangement for about 18 months.
He caught 90 passes in triple coverage, although Northwestern may dare to play him straight up.
School officials said the child's state of injury was too obvious to be overlooked.
Like the lawyers in Mr. Simpson's criminal trial, the defense in the civil trial plans to challenge the physical evidence against Mr. Simpson by attacking the way the police handled that evidence.
We still go to dinner.
Martine Sitbon and Julian Schnabel preceded Ms. Sui as guest designers.
Karen's adoptive parents, Joseph and Julia Quinlan of Roxbury Township in Morris County, petitioned a court for permission to remove her from life support so she could die ''with grace and dignity.''
All that's here is "This Island Earth," a nicely lame 1954 science-fiction film featuring aliens with bad wigs and big foreheads, along with running commentary from one man and a couple of robots watching the show.
But the agency, with strong support from President Clinton, is nonetheless asserting jurisdiction in an effort to lay down sweeping restrictions based on what it claims is new evidence that cigarettes are actually "nicotine-delivery devices" that are addicting millions of children annually.
When the Cultural Agency in Japan researched the effect of word processors, they discovered that nearly 40 percent of respondents said they had become more forgetful in writing characters.
His use of the baton was anything but scientific, and jokes (a couple of which are repeated here) about just how the orchestra knew when he was signaling the downbeat are legion.
Based near Cisco in San Jose, Stratacom is a major producer of equipment based on two related high-speed data-transmission formats -- asynchronous transfer mode, and frame relay -- used by local and long-distance telephone companies.
Perhaps the biggest force behind consolidation is that Americans are simply living longer and see less need for life insurance.
This weekend brings visiting day, and it is my duty as a parent to lug to camp every can of A & W Frosty Mug Taste Root Beer (kids are ferociously brand-loyal) I can find within a 15-mile radius of Augusta, Maine.
Catherine Joan Beldotti, the daugher of Mr. and Mrs. David Beldotti of Upper Montclair, N.J., was married yesterday to Michael Carty Donlan, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Jack Donlan of Park Ridge, Ill.
That was Unbridled's Song, another son of Unbridled, the winner of the Kentucky Derby in 1991.
Kurri's performance in his first four games with the Rangers only added to the concern.
"The President is persuaded that disclosure of the annual total budget for intelligence should be made public and that this can be done without any harm to intelligence activities," said a senior intelligence official, speaking with reporters on the condition of anonymity.
"We know that it may be early for some of these services, but we're placing bets in areas that are going to be big in this media," said Tom Phillips, a senior vice president at Starwave, who was a co-founder of the satirical magazine Spy.
But the decision, coming after Congress had already enacted a law aimed at curbing Federal securities class-action cases, raised concerns that it might further deter valid investor lawsuits, since those cases could now be pre-emptively settled in state courts with far less legal effort than it would take to fight them in the Federal courts.
The New York Stock Exchange's composite index rose 3.69, to 348.87, and the American Stock Exchange market value index rose 3.60, to 567.04.
Moreover, this deliberative poll seeks to remove the voters from the messy realities of American politics.
The worst shooting team in the National Basketball Association missed 16 of 17 shots during a stretch of more than six minutes in the fourth quarter.
Science was forever coming up with new miracles.
STUDENTS who attend Purchase College have had a long and turbulent history when it comes to voting on campus.
As a quarterback, Aikman throws lasers.
His father is an oncologist in Tel Aviv.
''We plan on putting two extra players on the field when the officials aren't looking so I could put two players on Cooper Rego at all times,'' Kowalik said.
The S.& P. 500 was led by Merck & Company, which rose 1 5/8 a share, to 66 1/2; General Electric, which jumped 7/8, to 85 5/8, and Intel, which rose 2 1/4, to 83 1/2.
Of the two groups Mr. Gore addressed today, working women have been more problematical for the Republicans, particularly since Mr. Dole, as a Senator, voted against the Medical and Family Leave Act and has opposed abortion rights.
Yet tensions are certain to continue on both sides of Pennsylvania Avenue because while Republicans hung on to Congress, they could not claim an overwhelming mandate either.
The well-muscled people in the weight and machine rooms look as if they know what they are doing.
But his story of a Japan at risk of slipping from the first rank of industrial powers is both plausible and, from the American perspective, just a bit reassuring.
Contending that the Federal time limit applies only to parents, not their children, the advocates argue that the state could use its own funds to pay parents' benefits beyond five years and Federal money to assist children.
The Rangers were keeping pace with, and at times even dominating, the unbeaten Florida Panthers last night at Madison Square Garden.
The plan encourages growth where roads, utilities and transit are in place and discourages it in less developed areas.
Columbia/HCA said the tax court ruled that Hospital Corporation had correctly reported its taxable income using a combination of cash and accrual methods.
All right, enough cheap fun.
The fort is an easy 10-minute walk from the village, following the road leading uphill behind the church.
"The pitch was meant to get in and get him off the plate," Foster said.
"The guys would like to work for Disney.
What he always had was a voice.
To the Editor: Re your series "The Downsizing of America" (March 3-9): What I found most surprising was a table showing that of the people already hard hit by a layoff, more (60 percent) blamed "the economic system in this country" than any other factor.
Late the same afternoon, about eight miles to the east in Chilapa, half a dozen hooded men walked through several neighborhoods distributing a guerrilla leaflet proclaiming the E.P.R.
THE END OF SCIENCE: Facing the Limits of Knowledge in the Twilight of the Scientific Age, by John Horgan.
He went to the roundtable in full dress uniform as he lectured on the stormy relationship between Hill and Stonewall Jackson.
''He knows his party will kill him if he doesn't endorse Dole, and Kemp is his excuse for going there.''
She graduated from the University of New Hampshire The bridegroom, 35, is a sales representative in Bridgeport, Conn., for the MacKenzie Group, an architectural hardware company.
At the time, Pate was the Razorbacks' leading scorer, averaging 13.4 points a game, and Adebayo was the leading rebounder with 7.6 a game.
For example, he said, patients who are strong and dextrous sometimes cannot figure out the sequence of actions needed to put on a blouse: one arm before the other and then button up the front.
''I wouldn't blame the university if they fired me tonight.
's first attempt at warranty repair, a motherboard replacement, silenced the sound system.
And, she said, "since I am not exactly Susie Homemaker," she counts on another friend to bake for holidays and special occasions.
Even the normally restrained Harvard Divinity School is livening up course descriptions.
Consider how easily the value of Russia's currency could be destroyed.
You can trust a mail-order house with your credit-card number as you would never trust it with cash, because you know that the credit-card company will hear your complaints, examine parcel-service records and back you if the merchandise fails to arrive.
With variations on familiar carols, rediscovered obscurities and new seasonal tunes, the holidays nurture creativity mixed with calculation; by now, there is hardly a niche left unsung.
" He relayed the information to United States intelligence officials last week, on his return from Cuba.
FREE CHOICES TODAY The McDermott Trio -- Long Island natives Kerry, violinist and a member of the New York Philharmonic; Maureen, cellist and a member of Cello, and Anne-Marie, pianist, of the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center -- play Haydn, Mendelssohn and Shostakovich at 3 P.M. today the Port Washington Library on Library Drive (883-4400) TOMORROW The C. W. Post Orchestra, under Susan Deaver's baton, performs orchestral music by American composers at 8 P.M. at Tilles Center on the C. W. Post campus in Brookville (299-2474).
Though the campaign runs from Thanksgiving through February, donations arrive all year.
Is it an American school, or a French school?
The promotion with Microsoft, developed by TL Partnership in Dallas, a unit of the Omnicom Group, is aimed at ''children, parents and gatekeepers,'' Mr. Burwick said.
Industry executives and analysts say that neither side can be sure of victory.
Among those taking part were STAN MIKITA, GLENN HALL and AL ARBOUR, now the Islanders' vice president for hockey operations.
Without Reneberg, Agassi, who shuns doubles commitments, may be asked to volunteer for a mission he does not want to accept.
Mr. Lucchesi expected opposition at the state's hearings, but there was none.
But it is doubtful that the 33-year-old right-hander would have even been considered if the Yankees had a 10-game cushion rather than a 5-game spread.
Dr. Liem is survived by his wife of 58 years, Popai Lee Liem; a daughter, Edith Sul of Cambridge, Mass.
''I would love to have been in a position where I hadn't been injured last year and hadn't had teams questioning that.
The Condo was settled four years ago by Trinidadians and quickly gained a reputation as a refuge for fellow countrymen.
They picked him up for questioning but determined that he was not involved in the crime, police officials said.
"Bob's talking to people," Torre said.
Prices can be nearly as steep at Piaget, the Swiss maker of jeweled watches: it just sold the men's version of its top-of-the-line watch, encrusted with 101.18 carats of diamonds, for $1.75 million.
The charges were originally part of a broader indictment that also accuses Mr. Yousef and two other men, Eyad Ismoil and Abdul Rahman Yasin, of helping to bomb the World Trade Center.
Actually, the third quarter ended on dueling 3-pointers -- one by Elie and another banked in by Vlade Divac at the buzzer, making it 80-75, Houston -- and the arena braced for a taut conclusion.
But that appears to be a minority view, the majority arguing that more drastic measures are necessary.
No sooner was the suggestion made than Mr. Nemtsov said he had no such plans.
Some say he dispenses illegal blows, using the helmet improperly, hitting quarterbacks late, trying to dismember offensive players rather than simply tackling them.
He was later deputy mayor in the Koch administration.
After all, the Olmec, whoever they were, made answers hard to come by.
The magazine had grown accustomed to being the only source of revealing accounts of political events in France's former African colonies.
Mr. Lipsyte says, "This is below market value because the complex was built under the Mitchell-Lama laws intended to create affordable housing."
But what really promises to drive interest in Xylan is supply and demand.
Luther differentiated between the religious realm of the church, in which Christians are called to follow Jesus's teachings of love, and the political realm of the state, in which law, rather than love, applies.
Adam Dalgliesh), Mairead Carty (Detective Sgt.
Mr. Grubman and Mr. Reingold did not always disagree so vociferously.
Donovan Darius, the safety, incurred two damaging penalties and dropped a sure interception.
"Closing is not a good sign," Mr. Kurland said.
How do we see and reach out for an object?
The Harrison School Board adopted an austerity budget last Wednesday.
The fairway before him was green, freshly mown, crisp, almost shimmering in the sun.
"But he hits triple doubles, he plays point guard, he plays two-guard, he plays forward and even center if he has to.
Colonel Henricks brought the craft down at 8:37 A.M., ending a mission lasting 16 days, 21 hours, 48 minutes and 30 seconds.
''I considered going to Stanford and maybe playing as a walk-on,'' said Thomason, who missed last Saturday's game against Holy Cross because of a broken hand but has been throwing in practice this week and may play against Penn.
He helped gather other black leaders in front of the State House to protest the Governor's and Assembly members' appearances on Bob Grant's radio talk show, saying Mr. Grant was a racist.
Last Friday, Mr. Rogers skipped Mr. Dole's latest campaign appearance here.
Even the menu looks familiar; the difference is that Le Marais offers glatt kosher beef.
Sitting in front of her family's duplex apartment, Maria Galeas said she wanted to marry her older boyfriend, Mr. Lanier.
The school, founded in 1985, offers two- and four-year culinary programs for its 330 full-time students.
Mr. Torricelli, in his response, said Mr. Zimmer was distorting his record on welfare.
He, too, bent but did not break.
The implantable devices monitor heart rhythm and, if it goes awry, fire electric shocks to return it to normal.
Irvin was indicted on charges of drug possession by a Dallas grand jury last week, but Upshaw is standing by him.
Buchanan voters looked beyond the primary with hope that their candidate not flare out with a bang at the August nominating convention, as he did in 1992.
''We'd call him 'the Ancient One,' because he is so old,'' Mr. Welch said.
He said: "When you come into a new situation, you ask, No.
David G. Sciarra, executive director at the Education Law Center, questioned whether that sentence was enough to give Mr. Klagholz the power to enact a system of public school choice.
But the reaction elsewhere is less euphoric.
ON A LARGER SCALE, THE TIMING could be promising.
The last time there was a bipartisan commission to look into the long-term reform of Social Security in 1983, among the reforms that came out was the raising of taxes and the raising of the retirement age, eligibility.
Mr. Cochran and the entertainment lawyer Robert Shapiro conducted a guerrilla war for control that colored everything from the seating arrangement in court (Mr. Shapiro temporarily commandeered the critical chair to the right of the defendant) to takeout food orders (Mr. Cochran, when he triumphed, phased out Mr. Shapiro's favorite Koo Koo Roo chicken).
In the new simulations, the "best buy" model, Dr. Frenk said, was one that assumed a universe containing only 30 percent of omega, or critical density.
Robert M. Morgenthau, the Manhattan District Attorney, whose prosecutors obtained the garbage industry indictments, said the Barretti sale should increase competition and lower prices for 250,000 businesses and private institutions in New York.
The program was heavy going at first.
''We purposely chose a diverse cross-section of artists who have emerged in the last quarter of the century,'' Mr. Gardner said.
"But I'm not there for peace.
"In fact, most of our sites are open to hunting."
For years now food writers have been carrying on about how wonderful American produce can be.
At the Great Golf Learning Center in Farmington, there are lessons only, at $20 to $25 for a half-hour session.
For any Knick worshiper who remembers the 1970 and 1973 title teams, which player would you rather have taking the last shot in a big game?
The bullet of cubism flies into the story a couple of times but is swiftly ducked; nothing is said about another art form dependent on Stravinskian processes of linking encapsulated moments: the movies.
He is always with me, always mine."
''Dick Zimmer has consistently voted against the best interest of New Jersey's seniors.''
Dioramas like this can be found in world-class museums like the Museum of Natural History in New York, but they are rare in Africa.
In 1975, as Portugal's colonial empire abruptly ended, East Timor won independence after more than 400 years of foreign rule.
The directors took a calculated risk in 1992, selling their old building to a real estate developer who offered $25 million, even though it would make their collection homeless until the new structure was complete.
The plan unwisely spreads policyholders across the country.
So Wooten walked back onto the field and told security guards to bring the fan to the field.
(The 43 others are mostly from ground-based sites.)
''Our overall record is not where we want it to be.
The place is the McCarter Theater, through next Sunday.
It was built in 1931 by Msgr.
''We're trying to button down this agreement, close down all these interpretation issues,'' he said by telephone.
The bill faces difficulty in the House of Representatives, which passed a different version last month, but election-year concerns are reported to be giving the measure some momentum.
By late January he's back in his workshop, repairing figures and buildings for the season to come.
And the white shaft and beacon were clearly visible miles away.
owns the building that houses the art shop, a movie theater and Lee Bauman's Lingerie Shop.
Colorado College, unbeaten in its last 18 conference contests, appears headed toward its third straight WCHA title, which no team has done before.
As an assistant director for physics and mathematics programs he played a leading role in projects involving high-energy physics, controlled thermonuclear fusion and work being done at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at New York University and the Los Alamos Meson Physics Facility.
That figure produces a minimum value for the entire company of 23.4 trillion lire ($15.6 billion).
The key to success in promoter wars is not just the allegiance of music acts but also the negotiation of exclusive contracts with concert halls to promote shows there.
Ms. Meyer, the compensation expert, estimated that the entire package amounted to $10 million to $12 million a year.
But there were many signs that numerous difficulties remained.
''It's now a major part of our base, particularly California and the Pacific Northwest.
But these would only marginally trim the $3 trillion -- yes, trillion -- gap between what Social Security is likely to collect over the next 75 years and what it is obligated to pay under current law.
"So we decided to find out."
Comment: Mike Tomczak will be making his second start, after a successful outing last week.
A18 APPEALING TO NORTH DAKOTA North Dakota would seem to be Pat Buchanan country.
I was slipping into dreams.
Place 1/2 cup of pine nuts in a food processor and pulse until chopped.
3 Peru's leader will not intervene in a life sentence for an American.
He is a son of Una Evensen of Piedmont, Calif., and Ronald Evensen of Portland, Ore.
It's easy to see the confidence he has in his pitchers.''
In 1763 William Pitt the Elder said: ''The poorest man may in his cottage bid defiance to all the force of the Crown.
Robert M. Ball, a former Commissioner of Social Security and a main negotiator for Congressional Democrats in the 1983 fix, wants to invest a chunk of the system's revenues on Wall Street.
But executives familiar with the talks said that NBC, which is owned by General Electric, was at loggerheads with Time Warner over the terms for expanding MSNBC's distribution.
''But we're going to be united here.
One sponsor, a used-car dealer, lasted one day.
The Government is also offering a package of tax breaks, including a tax holiday for the first eight years, duty-free import of machinery, a waiver of local-content rules for car exports and a Government-financed training program for auto workers.
4 (preview) and 8 P.M. BECKETT LECTURE, Rose Building, Kaplan Penthouse.
And wasn't Ms. d'Harnoncourt "talked to" in 1990 about the job of director of the National Gallery of Art in Washington?
They may now occupy only a small fraction of available channel space in the growing universe of entertainment programming.
Blue Jays 1, Athletics 0 Pat Hentgen (7-5) took a no-hitter into the sixth and wound up allowing two hits over eight innings as Toronto won at Oakland.
Michael O'Neill, the chief financial officer, said the going price for acquisitions was far too high, making it unlikely BankAmerica would make a big purchase any time soon -- long a subject of analysts' speculation.
The magazine was not afraid to take up causes, such as Chancellor Willy Brandt's policy of reconciliation with the Soviet Union.
Reeves, a graduate of Christ the King High School in Queens, was part of the deal earlier this season that sent Alonzo Mourning from Charlotte to Miami.
''The caterpillars attach themselves to tree trunks or in sheltered places.
And three weeks ago, he dismissed the idea of resignation as "cowardly."
However, the danger of smoking to health rested on little more than anecdotal evidence coupled with moral censure until 1950, when studies appeared in the United States and England that strongly incriminated cigarettes as a cause of lung cancer.
During the post-World War II retailing boom, he looked for areas of expansion and studied maps to see where the freeways were being built.
He is a publicity hound, obsessed with fame and glamour.
He now insists on his copyright."
Last month, Sun applied for a license to build an $800 million boardwalk casino in Atlantic City.
Music critics are alternately hated, feared, ridiculed, even admired; yet everyone in the music world seems to want them at concerts.
Yesterday, representatives from Stadium operations, the Police Department and Major League Baseball met to map out strategy in the event of a Yankee victory.
The vote was almost entirely along party lines.
"It's a naturally occurring fungus that's involved in the decomposition of organic matter," Dr. Kuhns said.
Such networks now cover 71 percent of all workers who have insurance provided by their employers, compared with 63 percent a year ago.
Ralph A. Tedesco, director of occupational education for the district, said the students were a good influence on high school students here, with whom the adults share courses like electronics, cosmetology, accounting and automotive repair.
This followed a series of informal meetings that had taken place between Mr. Icahn and Mr. Goldstone since June, these persons said.
Arthur Ochs Sulzberger, president and publisher of The Times, responded that Mr. Agnew spoke in error ''when he implies that The New York Times ever sought or enjoyed immunity from comment or criticism.''
He should also order his campaign and Administration to provide a speedy and full accounting of their fund-raising ties to the Indonesian business empire of Mochtar Riady and his son, James Riady.
But college aid may be cut sharply under a proposal by Gov.
One of those freer hands belongs to Jonathan Miller, whose 1994 version for the Glimmerglass Opera was resurrected at the Majestic Theater of the Brooklyn Academy of Music on Saturday.
The competition typically attracts 20 to 30 boats from as far away as Long Beach Island and Cape May.
Is the mark of Cain meant to stigmatize the murderer or to protect the fugitive?
The boy was taken to Jacobi Medical Center, where he was listed in critical condition with a fractured pelvis late last night, Mr. Samuel said.
Nef2 because 20 gh invites 21 .
"If I go up north now, I'm not going to get any innings," he said.
We hold ourselves to timetables.
While the Board's resolution uses the phrase ''determined to have been guilty,'' Mr. Darcy said it was meant to include not only cases where a judge or jury had found wrongdoing but also cases in which the county had offered money payments to settle this type of lawsuit.
''As you might imagine from the weather, today was the least productive day, I guess, that we've had since we've been here,'' said Robert T. Francis, vice chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board.
The experience of winning the coveted World Cup, the summer after winning the Stanley Cup, has raised his confidence to higher levels.
The incident that gave rise to the charges against Father Akuzie began about 3:30 P.M. Monday when he invited the two women to a room in the Cross Bay Motor Inn at 137-27 Cross Bay Boulevard in Howard Beach, Officer Noreen Murray, a police spokeswoman, said.
The contract replaces the last year of Martin's old deal and binds him to the Saints through 2000.
I'm still pretty bullish about Hong Kong," the Governor said in an interview in his sparely furnished office.
In a single moment, the actress sums up her reason for being there: to put the stamp of finality and forgiveness -- the buzzword is closure -- on a troubled, unreconciled life with a sainted man.
Tomorrow, I'm going back to the real world.''
It capped a 15-2 run by New York after Chicago had led, 86-76, with 7:17 remaining.
Main courses include grilled rack of lamb with braised bitter greens, charcoal-grilled squab accompanied by cranberry beans and drizzled with a red-beet olive oil, roast rabbit served with a white wine and lemon sauce and risotto of porcini mushrooms.
Umbro International, a subsidiary of Stone Manufacturing in Greenville, S.C., that markets soccer equipment and apparel, has selected the Goodby, Silverstein & Partners unit of the Omnicom Group in San Francisco to handle strategic assignments worldwide as well as creative assignments in the United States and Canada.
But Showtime may have competition: Mr. Lumet himself.
It was little wonder that when Whole Earth Review found its survival in jeopardy, the magazine made that call to action on its own behalf.
Defense Secretary William J. Perry, appearing on the CBS News program ''Face the Nation,'' said: ''My judgment is that we should not be involved in civil war in the north.
Passers-by asked the police guarding the park in quiet, respectful tones whether the victim's identity had been determined, and if they knew how she was doing.
At their next meeting, the agent gave him a stack of business magazines and asked him to read them.
Later, Mr. Litton plays two notes and asks, "What interval is that?"
''We get 20 million tourists a year and a lot of them are carrying cameras,''she said.
Interfaith Medical Center owes more than $11 million to the fund, Mr. Rivera said, and has not made a payment in over a year.
''But now that rents have stabilized and the economy has recovered, companies are basing their leasing decisions on the fact that they need more space to grow their businesses.
His branch water comes in dark green wine bottles with corks and vintage dates.
Also in the pipeline are more tentative projects like a Magic Johnson Theater, with at least 10 screens and 3,000 seats, between Third and Second Avenues.
''There are already some constraints built into the system,'' he said.
Nor was there much direct foreign investment; most foreign companies here handled only sales and distribution.
He was also well known in New York as a major benefactor of Columbia University, his alma mater.
Hindemith's scoring is both picturesque and demanding, and Mr. Schwarz rose to the challenge of turning the notes into imagery, without the benefit of dancers and scenery.
John Sculley is 57, while Arthur Sculley is 52 and David Sculley turns 50 this year.
But to work, the tool must be extremely hard, and diamond coating is a way to achieve the necessary hardness.
"He had a lot of back spasms."
Mr. Kim is generally believed to be running the country, but he has not formally taken up the posts of President or Communist Party leader that had been held by his father, Kim Il Sung, until his death in 1994.
Investigators suspected that the bomber might have walked some distance carrying the pack but would not have armed it -- by attaching the wiring to the clock -- until arriving at the park.
"I couldn't do it, couldn't face the tennis because every time I went to hit the ball, I was thinking of Tim," Sampras said.
Al Dunlap is very good at seeing life without the fluff.
The net income from that practice is supposed to be used for the medical school.
Mr. Poole says he is fantasizing about freedom, about what it would be like not to be stared at and ridiculed every time he goes out.
"We sort of took the Python method, I think, because they made some pretty good movies after their television show stopped," he explained.
And he replied, "No, I've been playing you in the movie."
Make that a towering, 20-acre pile of 30 million highly combustible tires, so vast that if they were laid end to end, they would stretch westward like a black rubber necklace from this rural Rhode Island neighborhood to about the middle of the Gobi Desert in East Asia.
''I joined Debtors Anonymous and worked out a plan to pay all that money back,'' he said recently.
Russia was always viewed as the tortoise, which, stupidly in the minds of the Chinese, tried to do political and economic reform at once.
The regulation went a step beyond a 1994 state law that specifically limited such notification to individuals convicted of sexual assault ''on or after Jan. 1, 1995.''
Poland's National Broadcasting Council is supposed to announce soon the winners of a competition for new national broadcasting licenses.
The spark for the rally -- as has been the case for most big market moves this year -- was economic news that caught investors by surprise and changed their short-term outlook.
The resulting TV pictures are dimmer, fuzzier and subtly blockier than those on a standard TV and sometimes include extraneous material on top.
The Toyota Motor Corporation, Japan's largest car maker, and the Matsushita Electric Industrial Company, the consumer electronics giant, said yesterday that they would set up a company in September to develop, manufacture and sell nickel-metal hydride rechargeable batteries for use in electric cars.
Ironically, this is the same mandate Congress has.
"They didn't say they were the police."
Everything that had been pushed out of the central panel of ''Departure'' came flooding back, like a racket of cafe tunes and military anthems drowning out an organ fugue.
The British Airways bid was made in conjunction with the French company Groupe Bollore-Rivaud, which is the largest shareholder of Air Liberte, with a 33 percent stake.
Because Greenpoint is home to more than 40,000 Polish immigrants, the producers thought the location was central to their film.
New Jersey ranks fifth among the states in the number of residents who attend out-of-state schools, after Alaska, Vermont, Connecticut and New Hampshire, according to the State Commission on Higher Education.
The F.B.I., for its part, has been busy trying to turn Russian officials based in New York and Washington into American spies.
The union, which has been working without a contract since Nov. 1, has set Tuesday as the target day for a one-day strike.
If Mr. Najibullah were still alive, he would surely recognize in that the strongest echoes of The Great Game.
In the opener, James Baldwin outdueled Justin Thompson, a fellow rookie, allowing three hits over eight innings as the White Sox won, 4-2.
That's if they don't cut each other to ribbons first.
Oakley underwent surgery today at Beth Israel Hospital North Division in Manhattan.
A blowup photograph offers a peek into the hallway that led to the servants' quarters -- created so they couldn't be seen from the gallery balcony.
Despite their differences over the issue, both the Mayor and the police union believe that shifting jurisdiction over contract disputes to the state board would lead to higher pay for police officers, since the state board would compare New York City officers' pay with salaries of their suburban counterparts, which are often much higher.
The near-collapse of the Mexican economy in 1995 had a far greater effect on trade-related jobs in the United States than the trade agreement itself, the study found.
Jerilyn L. Jones, the marketing vice president of Worldtravel, added, "We've done everything we can to price the packages at a reasonable cost."
But Douglass made the cut, and it is probably smart to keep such a well-liked veteran on the team.
As a Connecticut rabbit in King Arthur's Court, Bugs sat with the Duke of Ellington and the Count of Basie.
Mr. Balaguer, in contrast, continues to control his party's much larger legislative delegation, which gives him the kingmaker's role he has sought since constitutional reforms prohibited him from remaining in office.
One of the best buys is a ribbed silk turtleneck by August Silk, which comes in at least eight colors, including black, gray, ivory, chartreuse, purple and coffee ($44 at Bloomingdale's).
As for the Rock-and-Roll Hall of Fame's attitude toward women, there's only one word to describe it: sexist.
But the Mayor's focus on the companies may have less to do with his interest in the intricacies of their practices and more to do with his effort to keep the spotlight on what he considers perhaps the finest accomplishment of his tenure: lower crime rates.
"We hope," he said, "that the Attorney General will make the appropriate review of practices on other campuses."
It is surprising, in fact, to discover that the piece was not created by the performers but by Borut Separovic, the founder of the seven-year-old company, which originated as a pop music-video group but is now presenting high-energy physical theater.
g6, but she would have faced 16 Qe1 and 17 Qh4.
''We're going to move him in because we think he needs to develop some,'' Reeves said of Kanell, a fourth-round pick out of Florida State.
''But it seems strange that a politician like that would have such thin skin.
Laid out on a mortuary slab, she astounded the mortuary staff when she started snoring.
The opponents also argue that many restaurants in the state already reserve 75 percent of their tables for nonsmokers.
When all the cheese is melted, stir up from the bottom.
Cincinnati Milacron, a maker of machine tools, fell 5/8, to 21 1/4.
Now, nine months later, the walls of Creative Artists' headquarters (designed by I. M. Pei) in Beverly Hills are still standing, despite some predictions to the contrary.
In view of what happened, he said, the advantage of a nearby cutoff switch is obvious "now that we look back."
Now that the new station has replaced the two stops, these people must buy a station car or, like me, be dropped off and picked up by a friend or relative.
It's made me the major league pitcher I am."
Made in Italy of reinforced nylon, it has a nonskid bottom that holds it in place.
Children skip school for a host of reasons that Mr. Rowland's proposal ignores, these critics say.
He did not think he was qualified, did not want to presume that he understood what black Americans of that time had gone through.
AUTUMN AT BAY STREET The summer may be over, but the Bay Street Theater in Sag Harbor is not going dark.
After all, there could be plenty of future clients here this week.
Suzanne Railey, a representative for Christie's auction house who was known for her talents as an international hostess, died last weekend in her Manhattan apartment.
single into right field in the first inning of the second game against starter Dan Miceli -- with two outs, of course.
With the corn and soybean harvests at their peak and pheasant-hunting season starting today, people here have other things on their minds, and many seem sick of political battle.
The arrests appeared to be the most severe crackdown on the opposition by the ruling junta, the State Law and Order Restoration Council, since her release.
An interim dean will be named to fill the six months until Mr. Goldstein takes office, the university said.
He refused to commit himself to using the money for school rebuilding, however, saying the subject will be negotiated with Mr. Vallone before being submitted to the State Legislature.
Workers also say they suspect that all along, Mr. Billecart has had the interests of European industry at heart more than those of Air Afrique, notably the plane manufacturer Airbus Industrie and Air France.
When it did not, he put up dummy's ace and took four club winners to reach this ending: $(DIAGRAM$).
Near Oregon's northern border with Washington, a 500,000-volt transmission line known as the Big Eddy sagged onto a tree and shorted out at 2:01 P.M. As engineers at Oregon's Bonneville Power Administration struggled to bring the line back up, two other 500,000-volt lines in the area apparently became overloaded by power displaced from the Big Eddy and shut down as well.
''They should have stood together with their packs on and made a lot of noise,'' he said.
Mind you, the authority is being high-minded.
"If you want to be successful, you have to bring more to the table.
SATURDAY The South Shore Philharmonic opens its season with an all-Beethoven program.
Also tomorrow through Monday, noon to midnight.
By June, his wrenched back had healed enough for Thugwane to accompany his teammates Xolile Yawa, Lawrence Peu and Gert Thys to Albuquerque, N.M., for altitude training.
CRIME OF THE CENTURY HBO, tonight at 8 Screenplay by William Nicholson, based on the book ''The Airman and the Carpenter'' by Ludovic Kennedy.
Daily, 10 A.M. to 10 P.M.
Prices for the properties involved are presumably moving up as well since the higher rates are expected to be sustained, although no sales are known to be imminent.
Jim Wright was a crook.
Frost had transferred from Stanford to his home state of Nebraska for the sole purpose of winning a national title, but this season is not even three weeks old, and the 1-1 Cornhuskers already have a must game next week against Colorado State.
And that's because of the second joke: Russians know that their next President is going to be a Communist, they just don't know whether his name will be Boris Yeltsin, Gennadi Zyuganov, Vladimir Zhirinovsky, or Grigory Yavlinsky.
Let's say these officials were right, Mr. Shapiro said while waiting for a downtown train at the 51st Street station, scene of the Wednesday night disaster.
To a small degree, the aggressive effort to focus on the women's vote here this week reflected a tinge of concern among Mr. Clinton's advisers over evidence that Mr. Dole at his convention might have won back some of the Republican women who had drifted to Mr. Clinton's camp.
Shifting to coded messages, Mr. Yeltsin held an awards ceremony in the Kremlin that featured famous anti-Soviet artists, including the movie director Mikhail Mikhalkov, whose "Burnt by the Sun" is about Stalin's terror, and the sculptor Ernst Neizvestny, whose memorial to the millions who died in the gulag was unveiled this week in the city of Magadan.
One diplomat, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said: "This election falls short and does not meet international standards of free and fair.
He graduated from Columbia University, where he also received a master's degree in architecture.
''If you look at the plan of a nicely designed house, there are large spaces for shared activities, as well as more private alcoves for people to be alone,'' he said.
Again, there is no evidence that the child welfare agency intervened to restore the housing grant.
General Butler, who spent years planning for nuclear war, said he ''came away from that experience deeply troubled by what I see as the burden of building and maintaining nuclear arsenals.''
's Hall of Fame in 1992.
"If they do not surrender, we will be forced to intervene," Mr. Kazan said at a news conference in Ankara.
GOLF Williamson and McCarron at the Top Jay Williamson tore through the front nine for the second day in a row and Scott McCarron dominated the back nine as the two upstarts remained atop the leader board yesterday at the midway point of the Kemper Open in Potomac, Md.
Mr. McDougal engineered its purchase and resale, in what investigators say was a pyramid scheme to prop up his savings and loan.
There is validity in the city's complaint that carrying out the 1985 decision has had a ''significant, adverse impact'' on the school system's ability to help needy students.
'Moral Authority' The Nobel Peace Prize awarded to Mr. Pearson for his part in the Suez crisis is on permanent display in the lobby of the Lester B. Pearson Building in Ottawa, seat of Canada's Foreign Affairs ministry.
and reporters, and weeks of tortuous negotiations began.
William C. Triplett 2d, former chief Republican counsel to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, solidly an anti-proliferator, says the latest sale is ''one of nine secret Chinese arms deals with terrorist or unstable governments this year'' that demonstrate ''the total bankruptcy'' of the Clintonian anti-proliferation program.
Serve at once with Parmesan cheese on the side.
Republicans in Congress have also sought to obtain a memorandum by Louis J. Freeh, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, that criticized the Administration's drug policy.
For both flights, the airline uses small commuter planes.
In 1991, the year Mengistu was overthrown, Tulu set a world junior record of 32:08.74 at 10,000 meters.
Even unto feeling Hillary Rodham Clinton's pain recently over sensationalized stories that the First Lady had invited a New Age psychologist to the White House and imagined a morale-building conversation with Eleanor Roosevelt.
What is unusual about anti-Sibelius bile is that it has so often stemmed from fellow composers.
The Citadel agreed to admit women only after the Supreme Court ruled that the all-male admissions policy at the Virginia Military Institute, the nation's only other state-supported male-only college, was unconstitutional.
Handmade pewter, silk quilted pillows, turned wood furniture, glazed pottery, woven hangings, jewelry and quilts -- all are there.
KAY ENVIRONMENTAL CENTER ''Preschooler-Parent Walks'' sponsored by the Morris County Park System.
But you cannot realize that vision for Bosnia without removing Messrs. Karadzic and Mladic.
A week later, Justice Sheindlin found Mr. Livoti not guilty of criminally negligent homicide.
The Pirates won that one on the pinch-hitter Dave Clark's eighth-inning single.
Meanwhile, pick the mussels from the shells, discard the shells and refrigerate the meat.
But Council members said they hoped the Mayor would replace the money as the year progressed.
You can go to a New Yorker or a GQ or a Golf Digest -- you can find ways to buy around it."
Craig Cranwell, 42, a onetime regular at the Clam who was visiting his old haunt while on vacation from his home in Northern California, declared the city's ultimate solution amusing.
That's why you have to get educated about the system.
Dealing for Higher Ground Wireless companies scrambling to secure sites for their antennas are running into strong local opposition.
If it expands, the strike could devastate South Korea's export-led economy, which is slumping.
It's a question a lot of people care about.
"It may be the last opportunity we have," the association's president, H. Claude Shostal, said at a news conference in lower Manhattan.
But in many cases, zealous agents showed projections of the phenomenally high interest rates continuing for 20 or 30 years.
The spending plan for Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education is the most hotly debated of the 13 that Congress faces annually.
Conservation International surveys endangered ecosystems and identifies raw materials for cosmetics that can be harvested from renewable resources.
The Second Amendment states, ''A well-regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.''
Bill Guerin, who came into the game with three goals against the Rangers this season, left the ice and the bench area briefly in the second period after appearing to injure his leg in a tie-up with Mattias Norstrom.
''I'd be amazed if things didn't change in Hong Kong, and change considerably.''
"You never know who's looking at you," said Vicki Johnson, an 18-year-old from Algonquin, Ill.
I'm not saying they were.
No, the waitress replied, she was not a citizen.
British Airways said yesterday that it was inviting five airplane makers to bid for an order of up to 60 regional jets worth $1 billion.
Hollywood, he says, may be capitalizing on the primal fears that humans still carry from the days when they were easy, tender targets for many a predator.
Previews, Saturday through Oct. 3; through Oct. 20.
"It's a real win-win," said Peter B. Morin, chief executive officer of the company.
-- Jeffrey Deutsch, Elmhurst, Ill. A.
Even as the playgrounds become safer, some people believe something is lost.
Mussorgsky's "Pictures at an Exhibition" might seem a conventional close to the concert, but it will have a fresh orchestration by the Dutch composer Geert van Keulen, who is also the orchestra's bass clarinetist.
(<0) 3 18 THE CALVIN AND HOBBES TENTH ANNIVERSARY BOOK, by Bill Watterson.
One of Mr. Voroba's favorite dive spots is off the Penfield Lighthouse in Fairfield, where there are three sunken ships to explore.
The deputy did not accuse him directly but raised a host of questions to be explored by the commission.
Egidiana Maccioni, wife of Sirio and mother of Mario, Marco and Mauro, says owning a restaurant is hard, very hard.
In part, its success reflects Americans' growing love affair with aquariums.
For his major league career, he was 19-36 before last night.
As evidence of the depth of difficulties that he said the President would face in a second term, Mr. Perot cited the endorsement that the editorial page of The New York Times gave Mr. Clinton on Sunday.
Mr. Gumankov, the son of a landowner who was arrested and sent to the Siberian gulag by Stalin, has privatized the state factory he manages and kept the 152 employees from the Communist period working.
Wielding a hammer and an Uzi, the police said, he demanded that she come with him.
It is also the only district that shares borders with all the other five.
Another troublesome insect is the woolly adelgid, which has been devastating the hemlocks in the region.
Then, he spent two years in jail fighting a raft of corruption charges, all of which were eventually dropped or thrown out by the courts after Ms. Bhutto returned to power in 1993.
His father is the president of the Eurasia Foundation, a private foundation that finances democratic projects in Russia.
Clinton Administration officials spoke of strong sanctions to force Mr. Abacha to move toward democratic elections and stop the abuses.
While urban school foundations have increasingly hired fund raisers to seek money to supplement their budgets, hiring Mr. Stewart was a substantial risk for this quiet Hudson River village of 10,000.
(Democrats have been reluctant to support any tax increase since they were badly punished by the voters for approving former Gov.
Astronomers, who live in dormitories at the 9,300-foot level, require access to the observatories.
"You have to look at it that we picked up ground," Manager Joe Torre said.
In addition to Eastern Europe, Barrington, which is based in Miami, is developing hotels in Latin America.
''They never get anything done for the people when they get to Washington,'' Mr. Bauman said, ''because they're indebted to special interests.''
Can the bargains compare with the big, full-service places like the Chelsea Piers Sports and Entertainment Complex, the Reebok Sports Club New York and the Peninsula Spa, where new memberships cost, respectively, $1,500, $2,680 and $4,760 a year?
The cause was cancer, said the university, where he was a professor of chemistry.
Under stiff demands from the International Monetary Fund, which is a major lender to the Philippines, the Philippine Government is attempting to rewrite its tax laws.
Anthropologists studying 20th-century pueblos have found a bewildering mix of secret societies co-existing with the more recent Kachina religion.
The results have been no different.
Two weeks before the crash of Trans World Airlines Flight 800, the inspector general for the Department of Transportation completed a report on airport security that described how undercover Government agents -- some of them carrying fake explosives -- had been able to breach security at four of the nation's largest airports, entering secure areas that would have given them access to airplanes.
My husband had still not realized what he had done until she told us that she watched the entire event.
Flyers Rally Past Sabres John LeClair had two goals and an assist in the third period as the visiting Philadelphia Flyers overcame a two-goal deficit to beat the Buffalo Sabres, 5-2, last night.
I was wrong: Mr. Vongerichten dusted the shrimp with orange zest, readjusting the balance between the flavors.
Devious accounting practices, raiding surpluses of various state trust funds and tampering with public employee pension system.
Once the relationship ends, the question is what happens next.
"If interest rates spike up, their underwriting would dry up immediately."
Baltimore (3-6) vs. Jacksonville (3-6) Key stats: The Ravens lead the A.F.C.
Mexico is an earthquake zone where hotel construction codes may be as strict as anywhere else in the world -- but where corruption can mean that enforcement slides into negligence, with fatal consequences.
In any case, the dwindling of Carmel has complex causes.
But he liked the Jets from last year, when he had been negotiating about coming here.
Thus, the ultimate question: If you could go back and turn a switch that would make him non-gay, would you?
When color television required a whole new palette, he provided the standard.
At the narrow South Ferry station, passengers were surprised to find only one clerk at the booth.
Thousands of New Jersey children who have to cross busy highways to get to school would be able to ride the bus under legislation proposed yesterday.
Sales of the reduced-fat hamburger did not justify keeping it on the menu, said Mark Miller, an analyst at CS First Boston, especially as McDonald's opened smaller restaurants and satellite sites with limited menus.
To promote their cause, they compiled a video sampler of their multimedia computer animations.
A heaping grilled pork loin sandwich is accompanied by glistening sauteed onions and apple-rhubarb butter.
The Mercury News series was suggestively titled ''Dark Alliance: The Story Behind the Crack Explosion,'' and appeared with a logo showing a man smoking crack superimposed over the C.I.A.
Sales at stores open at least a year were up 9 percent.
Twenty-five percent of all workers are college graduates.
Earlier this month, Andrei Lukanov, who was Prime Minister in 1990, was gunned down outside his house at midday, apparently in connection with disputes over corruption in the Socialist Party, of which he was a leading member.
Like Diane Ravitch, Shanker, who was active in the civil rights movement, sees standards as an equity issue -- the only assurance that disadvantaged children will receive the knowledge they need to succeed.
'' He is therefore genuinely grateful when he survives the operation (of course he survives; we wouldn't be reading his account if he hadn't) and when he finds his language, memory, judgment, strong opinions and ability to write a newspaper column all intact.
''No Menu'' signs in different languages and styles, a new urban art form, adorn building after building.
Overall crime in New York City dropped by 14.5 percent, according to the F.B.I.
She said she had lied to herself that it was all right because it involved a sergeant.
And they have convinced some Americans that the drug-war phrase is indelicate, impolite and unconciliatory.
The hotel has an extensive collection of antiques, Meissen china figurines and 19th-century paintings.
I gather together all our students' itineraries.
Unfortunately for readers, these aspects of Owens's life are doled out in a thoroughly mechanical and abstract fashion.
"We have been running the ad about six months," he added, "and it's working.
2 DeKorte Park Plaza, Lyndhurst.
The company, which claims to have invented the legal pad in 1888, makes and markets nothing more exciting than envelopes and writing pads, but is profitable, before a one-time charge.
The students, several of whom mentioned recently reading the novel "Primary Colors," a fictionalized account of the 1992 Clinton Presidential campaign, seemed fascinated by the life of a campaign operative, and at times more hard-nosed than their teachers.
No one has solved the riddle of how Mr. Cutajar ended up an anonymous lost soul in Hawaii.
The recent decision by liquor marketers to begin advertising on television and radio ''boded well'' for stimulating future growth, the newsletter said.
I know I do, and most everyone else who went to camp seems to as well.
I could be making 500 bucks a day at home, working double-time for the phone company and making flies for collectors in my spare time."
One analyst was puzzled by how AT&T could do so badly in ''an industry that is growing very rapidly.''
MELAMED Hamden, Conn., May 15, 1996
Mr. Hasselkus, head of BMW's successful motorcycle division, will begin the new post on Sept. 1, replacing John Towers, who stepped down June 1.
Safety features include dual air bags, door beams to protect occupants in side-impact crashes, and front seat-belt tensioners that tighten when the sensors detect a powerful crash.
In a capital case, this is the essence of preventive lawyering.
This is the eighth season with the Detroit Lions for Barry Sanders, and after watching him against the San Diego Chargers here on Monday night it is obvious that this special running back can still juke, jive, dive, dance, prance and spin unlike any other pro back.
ROBBIE MCKAY, who opposes the ban.
And unlike Muster, who began planning his life around this year's tournament immediately after winning last year's, Stich had been undecided about turning up in Paris while still on the mend from ankle surgery in March.
He walks around in a cloud of carcinogen.
North Koreans in DMZ North Korean troops entered the buffer zone between North and South Korea for a third day, American and South Korean officials said.
For astronomers, not being able to find most of the universe has been puzzling and frustrating.
The revamped service is expected to begin with an unlimited 30-day free trial.
The college tournament can be heard globally by Web surfers whose computers have a sound card and speakers.
He not only survived but triumphed in vaudeville, radio, television, nightclubs, records, books and movies.
When perusing the local classifieds while sipping tea at Heathrow, you may decide to respond to an ad for a Courier Personal.
Without raising an eyebrow of protest -- in fact, while actually grinning -- the Mayor allowed a national political candidate to make a partisan statement at his side.
Once inside, the two sections of the 50,000-square-foot museum flow into one another, but the choice at the beginning, said the museum's director, Jane Leavey, is the real point.
Within months, however, it seemed to pass.
Still, several private economists said the increase in the deficit could be a sign that American factories might not be producing quite as much as they had projected.
Mr. Genoud, who made a fortune from publishing the diaries of Josef Goebbels, the Nazi propaganda chief, helped set up the Arab commercial bank in Geneva in 1958.
Three of them lead the list among girls 12 to 17: ''Sabrina, the Teen-Age Witch,'' ''Clueless'' and ''Boy Meets World.''
A Coast Guard cutter, the Reliance, intercepted the Xing Da last Wednesday about 110 miles north of Bermuda as she was steaming to meet what the smugglers believed was a fishing boat from Falmouth, Mass., on Cape Cod.
The Jazz is all about the veterans Stockton and Karl Malone and the Sonics are all about the petulant Kemp and Gary Payton, and Generation X had the fresher legs.
What is surprising about Criminal Court is the seriousness and dignity that the best judges give even the slightest cases.
Accurate attendance figures are not always the strong point of such places, but anyone who frequents them would be hard put to dispute these.
record of 36 home victories in a season, set by the 1975-76 Philadelphia Flyers.
This is akin to using oil lamps and washing our clothes in the stream.
And he stresses two elements that his aides believe separate him from Mr. Buchanan: governmental experience and electability.
Even more money was spent on specialty products like automotive periodicals, racing jackets and toy car models.
Today's America is a foreign country to George Kennan.
"To the untrained eye this looks like a garage sale," he said as he spread out a table of odd items.
A1 COLD GRIPS THE REGION Bone-bristling cold set records for the date in many places around the New York region, as pipes froze, boilers cracked, and shivering souls battened themselves indoors whenever possible.
Think he's got something to prove?
Terrell Brandon had 19 points and Tyrone Hill 18 for Cleveland.
Agents never found physical evidence linking him to the attack.
Contrary to party flacks who downplay the schism, she believes that abortion is "still the issue that most divides Republicans" -- and evidence has been accruing in her favor just as her book is published.
I also realized that you've got to do the homework and keep practicing what you learned in class.
''The colon almost looks like it evolved for the purpose of harboring bacteria,'' she said.
"It was as if it was the same day in Afula."
Without the Government financing, the 75-year-old Fokker would probably have found it impossible to continue operations, since suppliers would have been unwilling to provide parts and services on credit.
There is a familiar theme in the horse's struggle to succeed.
But of course, as Hishin puts it in "Open Heart," "There is no such thing as a soul and never has been."
$(D2.$) Asset Swap for Redwoods Offered The Federal Government and the State of California offered oil and gas fields, timberland and other property worth at least $380 million in return for a large grove of Northern California redwoods controlled by Maxxam Inc. of Houston.
Like ''Atlas,'' Ms. Monk's three-and-a-half-hour opera, ''The Politics of Quiet'' is an outgrowth of her interest in Tibetan Buddhism and the writings of Willa Cather.
Spokesman for Amberson and N2K said that although the featured topics are to change each month, all of the material is to remain available on line.
Jerome Liebling, one of the founders of the film and photo department at Hampshire, said the program ''was for entrepreneurs who could move ahead.''
In his most important judicial appointment thus far, Gov.
As a protegee of Zbigniew Brzezinski, Ms. Albright ''has a strong personality and is knowledgeable and for a Democrat, she's strong on issues like NATO,'' Mr. Rodman said.
The National and Democratic parties also felt that employers needed the right to lock out workers, in order to to combat the country's powerful labor unions.
But it has resisted the other demands, citing the needs of commercial users and the complex issues that contribute to inhalant abuse in poor countries.
"I understand that many residents are concerned about the future of their school district and their community," Ms. Pearsall said.
The site is home to rare species of wildlife and plants.
He also had to rely heavily on one-time infusions of revenues, or "one shots," like the sale of the commercial license for WNYC, the television station the city has owned since 1962.
''We are tired now, but after we have rested for a while, I will consult with party executives to see how we can manage the party and build unity for the future.''
Should I avoid buying where I see it?
Joseph McCarthy is paid $70,000, and the other three earn $60,000 or more.
The suspects grew up in an area where many teen-agers have their own cars and secure futures, where gardeners tend landscaped lawns and shrubs, where students may be troubled with drugs or alcohol but the notion of murder is alien.
Officials from all three finalists, though, dispute that.
Without the required blinding speed for a 5-9 point guard, Brown's four years under Mahoney were, as he put it, "up and down, topsy-turvy."
Moreover, he said, "I do not see it as the end of the great writ."
North Carolina 65 Wake Forest 59 Jeff McInnis's steal and shot in the lane with 1 minute 9 seconds left helped cap one of North Carolina's greatest comebacks as the 11th-ranked Tar Heels defeated No.
Obunsha Media's major asset is a stake in the private broadcaster, the Asahi National Broadcasting Corporation, known as TV Asahi.
By 1990, only 115,000 colonies existed.
The others are fishing and pleasure boats.
Vice Presidential candidate, Jack Kemp, used a football metaphor skillfully: ''We cannot just run the clock out on the 20th century.''
North Side's shares jumped $3.25, to $38.50, in Nasdaq trading.
He is reportedly being treated for ''alcoholism and attention deficit disorder'' rather than for beating up people, because the Giants hope he will do that on the field next season for the new coach.
His purpose may be to deflect attacks that he aims to buy the White House.
The Yankees preached for five seasons that his nonstop intensity would be a detriment and implored him to calm down, but now they leave him alone.
The Voting Following is a list of state lawmakers who voted not to override the veto of a bill that will help New York City police and firefighters win larger pay raises.
(+) 10 6 RUSH LIMBAUGH IS A BIG FAT IDIOT, by Al Franken.
Gunmen opened fire on Mr. Taylor's group as it arrived at the downtown Executive Mansion for a meeting of Liberia's interim government, said Gen. Victor Malu of Nigeria, head of the 8,500-member multinational African peacekeeping army deployed in Liberia.
Mr. Pataki picks a judge.
Tickets for "Heidi," which features a live goat and is recommended for children 3 years old and up, are $6 and may be obtained by calling 221-0730.
"Her background was accounting and financial.
But time limits have since become the rage nationwide.
's, is placing two initiatives on the ballot that would ban practices that H.M.O.
Tourism in Southern California is especially strong, fueled by a steady influx of foreign visitors.
''I can't think of another area in London where I can do so many things in one spot,'' Christopher Dorrian, a banker working in London, said of the area, in the high-rent borough of Chelsea and Kensington.
Mr. Yeltsin today appointed Yuri Krapivin, the current head of the Federal Protection Service, as acting chief of presidential security.
During that period, the rate of poverty for children under 6 also grew drastically -- from 18 percent to 25 percent.
As a Catholic myself, I share his enthusiasm for the often neglected doctrine of purgatory.
The meek shall inherit the Indianapolis 500, if the inaugural Indy Racing League event here today is any indication.
All the deals, it would appear, have been rigged, the briefs filed, the gold stolen.
''This family really needs to sit down, talk to one another and construct a realistic model of where their income is and where their expenses are,'' Ms. Eddy said.
ALEKSEI KOVALEV had a group of guests: his youth hockey team from Russia.
The 17th annual Festival of Historic Houses, which features three self-guided walking tours, will be held June 7 through 9.
One irresistible note: Mr. Myers claims credit for a more spectacular feat, albeit on a much smaller scale.
AMMIEL ALCALAY Brooklyn, July 16, 1996
But McEnroe scoffed at the notion that three years after his pro career ended he is still as intense as ever on the tennis court.
Because Council members are aware of the needs in their districts, they should have input.
Nor is there a sharp difference in background.
In the new technologies, Python's two CD-ROM's and Internet site (www.pythonline.com) still pretty much have the field to themselves.
Behind every argument, every game, was a lurking, willowy figure ready to harm.
Right now, that image seems hollow.
REBOUNDS After the game, PATRICK EWING reiterated his desire to have JEFF VAN GUNDY remain as the team's coach.
Nearly every other Dole-nominated delegate from Mr. Smith's Congressional district, the largest in the state, was rejected.
Lucinda Williams with Emmylou Harris (May 31); Irish Folk Festival; Louisiana Swamp Romp (June 2); Diana Ross (June 8); Itzhak Perlman with the Klezmer Conservatory Band, the Klezmatics, Brave Old World, and the Andy Statman Klezmer Orchestra (June 10); Barry White (June 19); Chick Corea, Roy Haynes, Joshua Redman, Wallace Roney and Christian McBride; the Neville Brothers; Luther Allison, Joe Henderson's Double Rainbow Quartet, Delbert McClinton, Roomful of Blues, Randy Weston and others (June 21-23); Joan Armatrading (June 27); Aretha Franklin (June 28); Judy Collins (June 30); Preservation Hall Jazz Band (July 3); Nanci Griffith with the Chieftains (July 8); the Temptations, the Four Tops and Martha Reeves and the Vandellas (July 9-10); Luther Vandross (July 17); Mavericks with Junior Brown (July 21); Luther Allison, Joe Henderson's Double Rainbow Quartet, Maceo Parker, Delbert McClinton, Charlie Byrd Trio, Mary Ann Redmond, Darryl Hall and Anson Funderburgh and the Rockets (June 23); Gipsy Kings (July 29-30); Pete Fountain and Al Hirt (Aug. 7); Tom Paxton (Aug. 14); Anne Murray (Aug. 21); Peter, Paul and Mary (Aug. 23-24).
was in the works before the Broadway musical but opened the same year.
''Now we've got some serious food!''
You can get results from many other sources, but we're the only source of the stories.
"They make it seem like you're going on vacation," Ellen Lazerow, a New London resident who belongs to the group, said of the evacuation booklet.
Over all, women who have used the pill have about half the risk of those who never used it, and those who took the pill for 10 or more years have only one-third the risk of developing this cancer.
And all units would be decontrolled in 1999, or when their leases expired, whichever came later.
Surely, it cannot be proper for a hotel operator to turn out a customer with a reservation because something better comes along.
On that album, Ms. Braxton conveyed combativeness.
"So much more alien traffic is coming over," said Hector Rios, a Border Patrol agent.
''It gives a poor image of the city,'' the Mayor said.
Like Mr. Nixon, Mr. Shalev wrote, Mr. Netanyahu is a political outsider with a grudge against the establishment -- in the Israeli's case a Likud establishment that spurned his father; a perception of the press as invariably hostile; a conviction that he can set things right with the appropriate explanation, and a view of a world filled with enemies.
Tour, and Michelle McGann defeated Aki Nakano and Kaori Higo by two strokes with a seven-under 65 on the Ami Golf Club course.
"Then you have this little place of six million people, with bigger foreign exchange reserves, bigger trade.
"One year, I wanted to make a big push, so I took 1,500 cuttings.
Yet, for many here, support for the Government has stayed strong.
Kirsch on the Square, Village Square, Hermanus, (27-283) 22282, opens at 9 A.M. for breakfast and serves light lunches until 5 or 7 P.M. About $5 a person.
Even today, Mr. Perkins is awe-struck by Presley: ''I believe when Elvis was born, God said, 'Here is a messenger, and I'm going to make him the best-looking guy, and I'm going to give him every piece of rhythm he needs to move that good-looking body on that stage.'
Her timing was unfortunate, because while she sat under her electric blanket and best Pratesi sheets, a handbag named in her honor was having its debut at the new Lana Marks boutique, at 645 Madison Avenue, near 59th Street.
It is not politically doable.
The patient and the family are very lucky.
Mark V. C. Taylor, Church of the Open Door in Fort Greene.
Change to an aerial shot of the Empire State Building, with the pig now wearing a tuxedo and top hat.
Aside from the need to put the victim on par with the accused, what other considerations are there?
"When Pigs Fly" opens today at the Lighthouse Cinema on the Lower East Side, a relatively new showcase for revivals, short subjects and films as eccentric, chancy and marginal as this one.
This is not about what Dole wants.
As a teen-ager, he loved movies and remembered acting in plays while a member of the socialist Jewish youth movement.
He laughed about it, but Starks also sounded much like a disciple of those teachings.
That, at least, was the much heralded theory of the 1980's.
As the divorce proceeded, legal fees and living expenses ate away at her savings.
Management has stuck to 2 percent raise for each year of a three-year contract.
As simple as that sounds, consider that the park likes to keep a stock of some 2,300 of the chairs -- which are imported from France -- in circulation, said Jody Boese, coordinating supervisor for the park.
A professor who was also an ordained pastor could serve the parish part time, Bishop Epting said.
Nassau also expanded in Elmont, converting a former restaurant across Hempstead Turnpike from Belmont Park into a clinic.
Technology is a powerful tool to help."
As Mr. Clinton said, the White House should look more thoroughly into the background of guests and of candidates for various commissions and advisory panels.
Parents, in their view, can no longer spank a child without being harassed by a government agency, while schools are constantly subjecting children to offensive sexual materials or anti-religious teachings.
Nevertheless, the hours clocked at the laboratory are not what determine achievement.
You must go beyond listening to questioning, so that as you receive more information you're both entering a deeper understanding.
HAROLD M. ICKES, departing as President Clinton's deputy chief of staff.
In 1939, in a warm-up round for the Texas Open in San Antonio, he shot 59.
Needless to say, The Journal let only Mr.
Greta O'Brien, 38, from Sandy, Utah, did not suffer a fractured hip as first thought and was released Tuesday from the University of Utah Health Sciences Center, Anne Brilliger, a spokeswoman, said.
Previous secession efforts elsewhere have failed over that requirement; among them is an effort in Los Angeles County five years ago that was approved by the state board and then struck down by the courts.
"We would all come out from Moscow and walk together."
They are 100 percent wrong."
21 HEAT-WAVE HITS TWO STATES A heat-wave in Texas and Oklahoma killed at least 20 people last week, some of them elderly people who could not afford to use their air-conditioners.
It didn't take long, for instance, for Mamady Keita, a master drummer from Guinea, to make the point at a recent World Music Institute concert.
The yield of the 30-year Treasury bond rose to 6.62 percent from 6.59.
Today's game was rescheduled for March 12 at 7:05 P.M., so the Yanks will use split-squads that day since they also have an afternoon game with Toronto in Dunedin, Fla.
Blowing the Whistle Companies have brought suit in other instances as well.
There is widespread agreement among kidney disease experts that many American patients are not sufficiently dialyzed, experts said.
He was expected to return to work in time to monitor Sampras's fate from his customary courtside post.
I wore my naivete almost as a badge of honor.
Next year's proposed budget includes major increases in security-related spending, he said.
''We're able to do extraordinary things, pulling together and everybody doing their jobs.
Your enjoyment is not diminished by the knowledge that -- unless you are staying here -- you will soon drive your rental car back to reality.
Maybe if we emulated Japan's effort at equity, the need for welfare would be diminished.
"It's unfortunate it took injuries to get me back in the rotation, but that's the way things work," Gooden said after the game.
Three New Works of Americana And 'Appalachian Spring' Concordia Orchestra Alice Tully Hall The Concordia Orchestra got carried away in promoting its "American Discovery" concert at Alice Tully Hall on Thursday night.
In the 1994 draft, the Mets picked both Wilson and Payton in the first round.
You want them on your side, but I expect people to miss Mattingly and to make their comments maybe the whole year.
"These wheels are my wings," she said.
Moshe Basson, another Jerusalem chef and restaurateur, takes a totally different approach to Israeli cooking but also exploits native ingredients in reviving the foods of the Biblical era.
While some of its features are part of other Wegmans stores, this is the only one with a brick oven 16 feet in diameter that can bake 300 loaves at a time.
Norman Marcus, a lawyer for the neighborhood group, called the ruling ''a great victory, an example of how a single community can stand up for a principle that affects every other residential neighborhood in the city.''
A lack of progress in the budget talks in Washington contributed to the drop.
Isn't it all about giving, anyway?"
Our growth strategy is focused on non-mall locations.''
"I suppose intangibles are important in football, baseball and whatever, but in our game to me they are tremendously important," Torrey said today after practice at the Gold Coast Ice Arena.
"You have a lot of hidden potential."
Miller was injured during Indiana's 91-86 victory over Detroit on Saturday night when he collided with Otis Thorpe and Allan Houston.
Vyacheslav Kozlov grabbed the puck at center ice and swooped in.
Mr. Eigen, who left the World Bank to found his organization because of the corruption he saw in developing countries, called the bank's stand ''revolutionary,'' saying, ''In the past the bank shied away from the corruption issue because it looked like interference in a country's domestic affairs.''
There's a puzzling, dark secret in Stanley Donen's classy thriller CHARADE (1963).
The court today also ordered a separate trial for Mr. La Barbera.
Mr. Taylor, who had fled the country under Mr. Doe because of embezzlement charges and escaped from a Massachusetts prison while awaiting extradition, rides around town in a gold Mercedes all-terrain vehicle with a large retinue of gun-toting, siren-screaming escorts.
The steeplechase trainer RICKY HENDRICKS saddled his first winner of the meet, as Hudson Bay set a course record of 3:364/5 for two and one-sixteenth miles over the jumps in a $24,000 claiming race.
"This is why we can't," Ms. Bryan said, stepping gingerly over a slab of ice by the monkey house.
"But they can't refuse their husbands.
Responding to Lloyd's contention that a delay could be fatal, Judge Payne said that the ''irreparable injury'' that the American investors could suffer ''significantly outweighs any demonstrated harm to Lloyd's of complying with the its obligations under the securities laws of the United States.''
Eddie Mahe, a veteran Republican consultant, said Republicans should not ''pull the trigger too soon.''
Finally, it dropped -- just as the jaws of everyone at Market Square Arena dropped tonight after the Knicks won a regular-season game that had all the qualities of a playoff classic.
The new rules had lessened the impact of a previous court order that all members of a credit union must share a common bond, like employment by the same company or membership in a community organization.
And by supporting the brokerage network to which shareholders turn for guidance, the fees can help funds that aim for clients willing to pay for advice.
Without fuel for their burners, Rozier balloons lose lift at night and are forced to descend.
The sexual harassment suit, which officials said is the first of its kind to be filed by the Federal Government against the Police Department, contends that department officials failed to stop the activities even when the officer complained repeatedly.
His fingerprints can be found all over Mr. Clinton's move to the center and support for ''family friendly'' measures in the past year or two.
Dallas will struggle without Irvin.
And in the short term, he said, the Republicans could "lose that P.R.
Management would also fare better in a proposed merger with ROC Communities Inc., the proposal that started the current frenzy.
(Chief Rifice and Dr. Harris both declined to comment on Mr.
In addition to the academic curriculum, each cadet is also required to study two foreign languages and play a musical instrument, as well as receive Orthodox Christian religious education.
Who would have thought, 18 months later, that the Republican Party would say yes and Mr. Buchanan no?
Few analysts expect the current strike against G.M.
Of course, in this age of eco-products and green design, some may object to seeing flowers cut down in the service of human ideals of beauty.
Many Internet users object violently to mass mailings of this kind, calling them ''spam'' and pressuring service providers to cut off the offenders.
Every year the sum of the Templeton Prize is adjusted to exceed that of the Nobels.
"The equipment has to keep running," said the plant manager, Robert B. Koch.
And from Rodeo Drive to Madison Avenue, upscale retailers and brokers have stories about how the market for luxury goods and services has grown.
A Way to Use All of the Soap The adage ''waste not, want not'' can apply to Sidney and Gayle Steib's invention for insuring that every bit of a bar of soap is used.
It takes twice as much land and twice as many cows now to make the same living you did 10 years ago."
He accused some of changing their testimony to build the case against him.
They used uncharacteristic multiple-wide receiver formations because three tight ends were suspended or injured.
pitchers had produced a 5.19 earned run average compared to 4.86 for the corresponding period last season, had pitched 16 complete games compared to 18 and had thrown 7 shutouts compared to 23.
At least one Westchester high school is showing active concern about the projections.
However, he said before the surgery that he hoped to be ready by training camp in July.
The two males, rotund as Tweedledum and Tweedledee dressed for battle, approach each other at what, for a tortoise, is a smart trot.
I had come to Samashki, or what was left of it, with a small entourage -- a driver, a photographer and a translator -- and a question: What happened to Fred Cuny?
While both the Population Council and the F.D.A.
"It's not the bank I started to work for," she said, insisting on the anonymity that most fretful employees demanded for their insights about their unraveling situations.
They said that senior officials would have little confidence in outside investigators.
Then, perhaps remembering there is good reason why they are ranked No.
Since 1990, the Chiefs have generated 226 turnovers, best in the National Football League, and during the 90's their turnover differential is plus 89; Pittsburgh is second with only a plus 46.
He plans to open the first branch on 265 West 23d Street, near Eighth Avenue on June 25.
He scored a season-high 41 points, including 18 of the Knicks' last 25.
This calculation is based on the theory of generational accounting developed by the economist Laurence J. Kotlikoff.
George M. Grover, a nuclear physicist who developed a deceptively simple heat-transfer system that helps devices like satellites and lap-top computers operate more efficiently, died on Oct. 24 at a nursing home in Albuquerque, N.M., where he lived.
Even if they have money or success, they are just males."
''We stood outside and talked.
But it may be too late for that.
Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, Republican of New York, invoked Franklin D. Roosevelt as his authority for saying: "If people stay on welfare for prolonged periods of time, it administers a narcotic to the spirit.
He wasn't exactly operating in porcelain incognita; his research yielded half a dozen existing patents on toilet lights.
''Usually it's just coins in their pockets, metallic jewelry, sometimes even braces,'' Sergeant Aice said.
The cutbacks taking place this week are in the flock division, and not in the Polartec operation, which makes the high-selling synthetic fabric used in making sporty outerwear.
"Therapists haven't always been accountable," said Dr. Ian Shaffer, a psychiatrist who is chief medical officer of Value Behavioral Health, which manages mental-health care for 22 million employees at 900 large companies, through a network of 33,000 mental health professionals.
You can find people who insist that the crust of breadcrumbs must be broken seven times, that the duck must be goose, that the sausage must be just so; and in Castelnaudary, a pleasant town on the Canal du Midi about 30 miles northwest of Carcassonne, where southern independence was finally stifled, they make such claims for the dishes' purity that restaurateurs have clubbed together, and formed a cassoulet society.
Now corruption is more democratic -- anyone can skim money off a business deal, arrange a kickback on a contract or squeeze someone to pay a bribe.
Four years later, she was talking again, because she had by then decided it was all right to be different.
Several sing in two out of three evenings.
The games were broadcast to an estimated 100 million viewers, most of whom had probably never seen a person with mental retardation in public.
Though I signed a lease for it, I asked to be put on the waiting list for another unit in the same building on a different floor.
But in a moment we will see its sinister purpose.
That is why those who think that Japan's trade barriers will easily give way, or that its economy will be "deregulated" as its Prime Minister keeps promising, are fooling themselves.
But the costs will come down quickly once somebody makes the first trip.
Then there are the life-style and emotional factors.
Consumers can be cited with contempt of court and arrest if they do not answer the subpoena.
Then we went out for a walk.
Investigators say they searched his home and found nothing to suggest the man would blow up an airliner.
In its article, however, the team goes on to cast doubt on this mechanism by noting that data reveal a large jerk in the Earth's magnetic field around 1970 that is mirrored in an quick speedup of the inner core's rotation, implying that the movement is produced by magnetism rather than gravity.
Ms. Duff's East Side town house has been an important port of call over the last 18 months for top Clinton Administration officials, many of whom she knew before her marriage to Mr. Perelman, a registered Independent.
Today, fears over lawsuits have reached such heights that even many veterinarians will not accept donations of suture packages that have passed unopened through operating rooms.
"The building has deteriorated tremendously," he said.
$(A1.$) Important Pieces of Jet Missing While divers have recovered all but 5 percent of the wreckage of Trans World Airlines Flight 800, senior law enforcement investigators say that many of the missing pieces are from an area of the jet that could tell them whether the cause of the crash was sabotage or mechanical.
In 1989 he turned to restrained works by 20th-century British artists, displaying them in a small Federal house on West Houston Street that was also his home.
He had just been arrested for car theft, and this was not the first time.
It dictates the design of health benefits.
Only a person with a heart of mush, namely the incurable liberal, can watch his struggles without weeping.
There was no such violence last year, and in any case Istanbul's embrace of Christmas seems too strong to be broken by protests from militants.
"Yesterday, the market was crawling with tourists as it is today, but I don't know about the future," said Mohammed Hossein a merchant of copper handicrafts in one of the tiny winding alleys of the old market.
Just when it appeared that their third and deciding playoff game with D.C. United would go into a shootout, United scored on a penalty kick with 64 seconds left for a 2-1 victory and a trip to the Eastern Conference finals.
It was to begin commercial production at the beginning of the year.
Electricity is what it was all about.''
They said military intelligence agencies had only recently begun sifting through the material, including intercepted conversations among Serbian commanders, to find information that might help convict military and political leaders of mass murder.
Vukovar was besieged by the Serb-led Yugoslav Army for three months in 1991, falling on Nov. 20 of that year.
Now there is an icon!
The fact that the Chechen opposition leader, Zelman Yandarbiyev, met with Mr. Yeltsin in the Kremlin now seems to many here like a stunt engineered to help Mr. Yeltsin win the presidency.
The final series proved there is hope out there for everyone.
''These are not going to be tolerated,'' Holtz said today during a telephone news conference.
But often, when a rogue trader or financier gets caught, the marriage cannot survive the strain.
However, much of the campaign, which will be supplemented by packaging with Olympic logos, "will replace advertising we would normally run" with summertime or refreshment themes, Mr. Zyman said.
In its 80-year history, the P.G.A.
Prosecution witnesses in the trial testified that he was going to visit ''his close friend'' Raul Salinas.
The idea was simple: beer wholesalers would sell cases from upstate and out-of-state suppliers to taverns in New York City, getting payments in cash.
Some of the most beautiful compositions focus on trees -- as black silhouettes against pale fields under even paler skies or, cropped of their foliage, as silvery white trunks set off by grass that is relatively dark.
"We have sold more than 60 tickets," he said, "but we have to give the money back, because without the honorees, you just can't get people to come."
The Italians are particularly adroit at this sort of packaging.
The noncallable issue is rated Baa1 by Moody's and A- by S.& P.
He blames "the few Indians in town who feel they are constantly being discriminated against" for any racial tension.
In each year's quince classes, Sister Juanita sees girls who drop out, run away from home, become pregnant.
We lost by one vote.
''It's all ancient history to most people,'' said David Rivkin, a veteran of the Korean War who marched yesterday with the Jewish War Veterans.
"It is scary to think that these officers believed that they would somehow get away with something this stupid," said a lawyer with knowledge of the case, who insisted on anonymity.
He is one of the great players of the instrument."
"I live in Wading River," he said.
The Big Three seem synecdochic of the diner as a whole: faithful lemmings who have found some hard-to-describe tranquillity here.
Organizers of the network say it will reach 60,000 subscribers within the next year.
Marshal Alfred E. Madrid, who arrived later, said the marshals knocked on the door when they heard Mr. Bissell answer the phone.
unit of the Sara Lee Corp., to TBWA Frankfurt, a unit of Omnicom Group, to handle its hosiery account, previously at Springer & Jacoby, Hamburg, Germany.
The police blocked access to the presidential palace, so the growing number of student protesters who have been demonstrating daily moved to a nearby square.
About $10 to $15 buys a sand-art project, a T-shirt to color, a cutesy plastic figurine to paint and 45 minutes of absorbed silence in which parents can sit in a chair and drink free coffee.
But he had to take a battery of exams, he said, a process that took several years.
"THE GOLDEN AGE OF GOSPEL SINGING," New York Public Library, Countee Cullen Regional Library, 104 West 136th Street, Harlem.
One day before the three-year statute of limitations was to expire, MONICA SELES filed a $16 million claim yesterday for lost earnings against the organizers of the Citizens Cup tournament in Hamburg, Germany, where she was stabbed.
In less than an hour, he was dead.
When he's not passing judgment on parking scofflaws (a word, his research revealed, coined during a Prohibition contest to describe illegal drinking), Mr. Popick has helped resuscitate the memories of other New Yorkers, both illustrious and infamous.
Mr. Eisner and Mr. Ovitz did not respond to phone calls.
Missing among the clergy is the Rev.
Handshakes were not enough for the Government officials and leftist rebel leaders of Guatemala who signed a peace accord in Mexico City last week that curbs the power of the military and sets the stage for a final armistice to a 35-year war.
"The premier of Ontario, the Division of Labor, the union clerks and the Ontario Jockey Club.
In such fly-by-night casinos, green felt tables are set up in the same banquet rooms where bar mitzvah receptions are held.
"The only stipulations are that the snow is not obviously polluted and the receiving waterway's flow is not impeded."
Gurney, starring Stephanie Zimbalist; Sept. 2-14, "Snapshots," the world premiere of a new musical by Stephen Schwartz with a book by David Stern.
By January, when the eight-week regular season began, dancers often rehearsed until it was time to dress for performance.
David Smithies, president of the Waldbaum chain, said that the snow from last week's blizzard had been shoveled from the roof, but that Friday's downpour had added considerable weight.
The staff of the home reports significant improvement after treatments, said Anneke Young, a practitioner at New Center College, who directs the program.
"Bob Dole has managed to confuse everyone on an important issue," said Joe Lockhart, a campaign spokesman.
His art refers to African-Cuban traditions and to the displacement and loss that are part of emigre life.
The car maker posted a pretax profit of 589 million marks ($377.9 million) and a net profit of 111 million marks for 1995.
Toyota assembles the fast-selling Corolla in Cambridge, Ontario, and in a joint venture with G.M.
Because far more jobs are available than people to fill them, the qualified technical temps tend to have the upper hand right now, Mr. Kennedy said.
She wisely kept her "do-wah" scatting supple and breezy.
Dr. Arthur J. Moss, a professor of medicine at the University of Rochester Medical Center who led a test that proved the value of the new use, said the surgically implanted defibrillators send strong pulses of electrical energy to selected parts of the heart to force it into the proper rhythm.
The Navy is looking for a durable, stealthy attack plane that can be launched from aircraft carriers, and the Marines would like a warplane like the Harrier jet that can operate on short runways and land vertically.
Steinbach's home run, in the sixth inning of a 5-3, 10-inning loss to Seattle, was his 35th this season and 34th as a catcher.
Turkish officials say the deal does not violate sanctions.
"Photography is without doubt an art, but not all photography is art," Mr. Monterosso said.
Mr. Werner said Congressional races now had a ''national tinge,'' because the Republicans waged a national campaign in 1994 to gain control of both houses.
NBC followed that with more moves last season, most of which worked.
The death of the traditional television western is a complicated historical matter, too.
But Britten's oddly beautiful music, with astringent, tonally grounded harmonies and oscillating colors for an orchestra of 13 instruments, is haunting.
There were scuffles, but no injuries, and elsewhere life in Pakistan appeared to be largely unruffled by the political shift.
Kathy Paddor, the director of marketing at Crate and Barrel headquarters in Chicago, said that bridal registration in the chain's 62 nationwide stores ''now accounts for a huge part of our business.''
After giving up Robin Ventura's home run in the second inning, Rogers cruised on sinkerballs.
WCI reported an average 36.5 million shares outstanding in the three months ended July 31.
Twenty years ago, they both wanted out.
And many of the judges Mr. Clinton has appointed to the federal bench are precisely the ones who are dismantling those guardrails that protect society from the predatory, the violent, and the anti-social elements in our midst.
Ms. Bergen bought the estate from Roger Moore, who spent summers in the south of France.
Rabbi Horowitz, 39, is not only a fourth-generation Hasidic rabbi, but a member of the Bostoner Rebbe family, making him something of Hasidic royalty.
Mr. McCullough had been the chairman of the Meridian Bancorp of Reading, Pa., which Philadelphia-based Corestates agreed to buy in October for $3.1 billion, a deal that was closed yesterday.
It said the elections for a national Parliament and the three-member Presidency as well as for leaders of two regional entities -- one Serbian and the other Muslim-Croatian -- could go ahead.
But ''Rent'' and ''Noise'' are unusual in that they spread the pain around.
A good way to anchor the boards is by driving woodscrews through the subfloor until they grip the boards above.
Ms. Greenbaum often lectures about her work, and holds workshops to help people make their own portraits.
Although returns were incomplete, and came from only 15 of the 25 states, and four of India's seven territories, political analysts said the trend they showed seemed to offer a rough guide to the overall result.
''This is going to change the way a lot of our customers do business,'' said Mike Anderson, director of marketing for Mellon Bank, which is handling electronic payments for Virginia Power.
The summer of 1996 promises to be as tough as ever.
" Some analysts, however, said the recent selloff in computer industry stocks was overdone.
If you are using a taller ladder, lash it to the tree and have a friend steady it as you work.
Under current law, anyone who meets eligibility criteria for Medicaid and welfare is entitled to assistance; Federal aid increases automatically when the need expands.
But Ms. Shollenberger refused to submit her name, saying the body was filled with her enemies.
The church's House of Bishops met in September 1990 in Washington, voting to censure him by a surprisingly narrow margin, 80-76.
Look at it that way, and Ms. Werner is performing a public service.
"She'd get all these guys who were stiff and smack them.
The budget proposal also includes a $550 million surplus, to cushion against tax revenue shortfalls and unexpected spending increases.
The illustrations, said Warren Melnick, another of Mr. Gould's associates, were copied so they could be downloaded by slow modems.
WITH: Phyllis Somerville (Ma), Elizabeth Berridge (Phil) and Fiona Gallagher (Vinnie).
In a survey in 1952 only 20 percent of the respondents believed that Hitler's opponents should have resisted in wartime.
That is more than could be said of the Navy after the now infamous Tailhook aviators convention in 1991.
POST OFFICE Express Mail and special delivery only; main post office at 33d Street and Eighth Avenue open.
Football National Football League NEW YORK JETS -- Signed Jumbo Elliott, offensive tackle, to a five-year contract.
This desire to generalize from Anne's experience has been an issue ever since the diary was published.
A source outside of the department took pity on Mr. and Mrs. Gaines, who were nearly overwhelmed with grief, and told them that a cop had shot their son.
Both are distributors of electronic components.
"It's called how you really legislate."
His father is a mechanical designer at Design Plus in Grand Rapids, Mich.
"You just can't do that in politics.
(Mr. Kurzweil could not attend).
The agency proposed that automobile makers be required to post four large warning labels about children and air bags if their vehicles did not feature new technology that stops deployment of the passenger-side air bag in a crash if it detects an unbelted child or rear-facing infant car seat in its path.
But the talks soon bogged down.
In its own announcement, the Chinese Government reflected a sensitivity to national pride and tried to dispel any impression that a foreign power was dictating the terms of any international agreement.
''Garbage,'' Mr. Wassmer said when asked the biggest challenge immigrants posed to the village.
Their hardest stretch may come in late November, when they play 6 road games in 6 cities in 12 nights, a trip that includes Pittsburgh, Vancouver and Phoenix.
"We should move away from it."
One bill would give grants to businesses that create new jobs; the other would enable companies to recover up to half of their relocation costs.
Critics in any of the arts would do well to heed the principles Mr. Holland offers or evokes, for virtually all apply.
The concept of 10-year-olds still in a baby sitter's grip is laughable to many people who grew up just a generation ago and who remember childhoods largely free of adult supervision, at least during daylight hours.
"We want them to free the hostages," he said of the Chechens.
''The views of President Godsey do not exceed the boundaries of academic independence in a Baptist university,'' the trustees stated in their resolution, adding that the book ''has no adverse effect on the educational mission of the university.''
In part, this follows from the cost: the tens of billions of dollars needed annually to assure first-class care for all preschool children will not be easily found in family budgets.
As the Giants' quarterback in what could be a 1-4 start after the Vikings' visit today, your passes aren't accurate enough and they don't have a tight spiral.
''For me, fashion was a club, for tired rich people,'' he said.
Copper for December delivery ended 2.05 cents a pound lower at 98.5 cents; the actively traded March contract fell 1.15 cents to 98.45 cents.
Late yesterday afternoon, as the bond market was closing, Moody's Investors Service said it was considering lowering its rating for $387 billion in Treasury securities.
If you have any regrets, you're forgiven.
"I hope," Gooden had said, "they're not expecting another one."
In 1995, more than 2,000 died in floods; in 1994 more than 5,000, and in 1991, 5,000 lost their lives in the largest flood of the decade.
The incident lasted only about 13 minutes as the defector, Capt.
None of these rules apply to the development banks.
The authorities, who released few details on the killing and car accident, only said that Mr. Steingraber was driving his ex-wife's car, with the couple's three children as passengers, when it became involved in an accident in New Rochelle.
One said he expected to be "living off peanut butter and jelly."
And if you are giving late in December, how you pay can be important.
Caterpillar fell 2, to 78 1/8, and General Electric fell 1 3/4, to 102, while Procter & Gamble fell 1 1/2, to 109 3/8.
Miss Khalaf, who studied journalism and mass communications at the American University in Cairo, is a rising local talent with a poised studio presence.
Mr. Mills eventually left the classroom to pursue graduate studies, which led him into administration.
Burrell dislocated his right shoulder while reaching over Gerald Glass to deflect a pass.
At Retama and Sam Houston -- where an annex for overflow from the grandstand has been converted into a simulcast pavilion, and part of the grandstand now is reserved for overflow from that -- even simulcasting is seen as too little to assure survival.
Lang, a privately held company controlled by the entrepreneur Dale Lang and the Sandler Media Group, a New York investment company, is in debt to Time Warner and NatWest Bank, among others.
Spread the filling over the dough and press it in with the rolling pin.
INVESTING IT /Page 4/ I-Stat is a little medical products company that even some well-known bears love dearly.
A1 COURT VICTORY FOR POLICE The Supreme Court gave some support to the police in connection with drug arrests made during routine traffic stops.
Paul Goble, a former State Department expert, has advocated a swap of territory, in which Nogorno-Karabakh would go to Armenia.
But the majority leader was also confronted with unexpected pressure -- demands from Democrats and requests from Republicans -- that he move firmly to rescue from House-Senate negotiations a health insurance bill that he has said he wants enacted before he leaves Congress.
Despite ambitious experiments by some cable television and telephone companies, the interactive television market has not caught on.
So here are a few of mine.
Mr. Chapman was at the great Yankee slugger's bedside when he died in August 1948.
Ah, such are the awkward impediments to doing good.
officials have counseled against pushing for such changes in labor law, asserting that they are doomed to failure in the Republican-led Congress and will make labor look as though it is preoccupied with its own interests.
Mr. Battle had hoped that DNA tests would clear him of the rape and murder, but the results were inconclusive.
"And if they have done one already this year, we're asking them to do one again."
A volcano on New Zealand's North Island spewed molten rocks into the air like "thousands of bright red skyrockets" today, blotting out the sun with an eight-mile-high plume of steam and ash.
The mood was solemn but not morbid, just a family joining together to help put Grandpa into his final resting place.
$(38.$) Wired Withdraws Public Offering Wired Ventures said that it had withdrawn its initial public offering for a second time, citing a market unreceptive to Internet-related companies.
Throughout his presidential term, Mr. Mitterrand refused to offer France's apologies for Vichy's wartime roundups of Jews, most of whom ended up in Nazi death camps.
The Federal Government will collect 19.1 percent of the $7.6 trillion gross domestic product in fiscal year 1996, according to the Congressional Budget Office's latest projections.
This week it was in Portland, Me., where he disavowed the Founding Fathers altogether.
Approval time has gone down by about 15 to 20 percent, the architect said.
Among the 150,000 or so Old Order Amish, who live in 230 settlements in 22 states and Canada, in-line skating is justified as an efficient, sensible means of locomotion, another example of how the modern can square with the traditional.
Selling (Gasp) Condoms on L.I.
Now, after a surge in support from the neighborhood, the corps' red and white 1981 Ford van is again whizzing through the streets to aid those needing emergency medical care.
The doctors are financed by the Wellcome Trust, a medical research foundation, the World Health Organization, the United States Army and other groups.
It is the essence of the Bob Dole story, and now, after nearly a year of campaigning for President for the third time, the Senator is starting to tell it in some detail.
Most women interviewed for this article said they had learned of the service from a friend or at a childbirth education class; doulas express frustration that obstetricians and pediatricians are often unaware of their existence.
Why is it taking so long?
"I haven't commented on Whitewater since Day 1, so I won't comment on today's whatever," Mr. Dole said today.
Virginia's Constitution gives the privilege to legislators, except in cases of "treason, felony or breach of the peace."
Brooklyn's Fugees were visibly perturbed by sound-system problems in their opening set.
"This is an extremely impressive filing showing the depth of support for Bob's campaign," said David Plouffe, Mr. Torricelli's campaign manager.
Why aren't the schools teaching all this?"
Meanwhile, his latest book, ''The Open Sore of a Continent: A Personal Narrative of the Nigerian Crisis,'' has been widely reviewed and praised.
He also recommended that both the L.I.R.R.
He turns her into a kind of Greek kore, then into a rocky pyramid of faceted, angular planes, a kind of human analog of Cezanne's mountainous landscapes.
Less known was the expected duel for the gold medal in the 1936 decathlon between two Californians, Woody Strode, the great black-American Indian, and the great white hope, Glen Morris.
A suspect has been identified in the incident.
"He's got to understand that if you win by half a tire length or a bike length or whether you're intimidating the other guy or you're not, all that matters is that you win and get even.
The commander, Col. Luc Marchal of Belgium, denies he placed the lightly armed peacekeepers in excessive danger when he ordered them to escort Prime Minister Agathe Uwilingiyimana, as violence swept Rwanda's capital Kigali in the early hours of April 7, 1994.
According to the accounts I have read regarding this matter, Ms. Myers, when informed that she was going to be dismissed, fought hard for her job, face to face with the President.
T HOUGH conducive to the production of intimate art about nature, life in a small country is not necessarily its prerequisite.
"We will build a billion-dollar business from AT&T's crumbs," Mr. Schrader said, borrowing an image from the novel "Bonfire of the Vanities."
GREAT SWAMP OUTDOOR EDUCATION CENTER Elisde Anderson, coordinator of the Morris Area Lyme Support Group, presents a video program and discussion on how to enjoy the outdoors while protecting yourself from deer ticks.
The cells seem to be assigned to fields at random, their positions relative to the scene being as jumbled as the pieces of a jigsaw dumped into a box.
I tuned out as two young women burbled over buying movie tickets by computer.
The Gloriette's reconstructed roof terrace, open to visitors, looks down on a duck pond and commands a sweeping panorama of Vienna.
and has not lasted more than five and two-third innings in any outing.
JOSEPH FELICETTA, the chef and part owner of Fusion Grille, is opening a 65-seat restaurant in Port Washington, Octopus Garden, in mid-November at 45A Shore Road (883-4920).
This hourlong distillation makes effective use of film from the courtroom camera and interviews with the opposing lawyers to tell the story, from the shooting to the decision in April by a Bronx jury, including four black and two Hispanic members.
Self-reliant homesteaders were often driven into bankruptcy by banks, many eventually losing their land.
"I went in to make sure Rock was all right," Brooks said.
In order to entice buyers to move into the first building the developers have set prices low, deferring, in effect, the bulk of their hoped-for profits to the buildings that they intend to put up subsequently.
MANHATTAN -- Named Susan Hannon softball coach and John Brubaker men's lacrosse coach.
Golota (28-1) can take a major step toward his goal Saturday night, when he fights Riddick Bowe (39-1) in a 10-round heavyweight bout at the Atlantic City Convention Center.
''Japan pays a significant diplomatic cost for not being able to communicate effectively in English,'' said Ryuhei Hosoya, a senior diplomat at the Japanese Foreign Ministry.
A young woman told of how when she was 17, she succumbed to the manipulative come-ons from a social worker she hoped would help her visit her family.
Certainly, he would be the logical -- as the courts have held he is the legal -- next in line for a shot at Tyson's World Boxing Council crown.
As they sift the evidence, archeologists are finding surprising new elements that may have conspired with drier weather to bring about the calamitous fall.
He was shifting from process-driven Minimalism into a more broad-ranging style, encompassing Romanticism, Impressionism and select contemporary influences.
"Our youngsters need to see they can succeed in it," said Mr. Clement, a former New York City school principal.
The environmental equity program is led by Edith Pestana, a public health and environmental consultant.
$(B4.$) Teachers Review Plan by Crew Thousands of teachers got a chance to review a proposal made by Schools Chancellor Rudy Crew to adopt national education standards in New York City -- standards aimed in part at assuring that every student in each grade level gets a similar core of knowledge.
's omnipotence, reflected most personally in Mr. Kallstrom's clout, came to deeply color the dynamic of what the Federal agents repeatedly emphasized was a ''parallel'' and not a ''joint '' investigation.
The President's veto on Monday surprised his Health Minister and congressional leaders and was criticized by family planning and women's groups.
Boston: Little, Brown & Company.
In October 1983, a suicide bomber killed 241 United States servicemen in Beirut, Lebanon, by crashing a truck into the lobby of their barracks and detonating an explosion of a magnitude estimated at 12,000 pounds of TNT.
The company sponsored salvage expeditions in 1987, 1993, 1994 and again this year, so far investing about $20 million.
It has been a traveling exhibition, having opened at the Wadsworth Atheneum in Hartford May 1994 and gone on to appear at schools, churches, libraries, shopping centers and even prisons.
But the First Lady too often ends up dispensing innocuousness rather than Aristotelian wisdom.
Hundley said it was only the third time in his career he had cleared the fence going the opposite way.
Exports were up 10.5 percent from a year earlier.
R. DIEHARD WITH A VENGEANCE.
Still, New Jersey is filled with people who consider a private club a worthy and reasonable expense.
He is one of those rare artists with a cultural radar system that is constantly picking up sensations, responses and fresh thoughts: still at the center of everything that is modern or post-modern.
So is it time for an obituary?
Indiana was the only Big Ten team to be given a berth, a surprising decision since the conference is traditionally strong.
A chilling March 1922 Lenin letter included in the Yale volume outlines measures for dismantling the Orthodox Church and seizing its valuable assets.
Charles Flateman, the president of Gray Line New York Tours, which also offers gospel tours of Harlem, said: "People are coming to New York who are more educated and younger.
Mr. Giuliani's point is that the city cannot work miracles when those nearest to the situation look away.
He was referring to the periods when the current, or spot, price of copper rose above the price for copper three months later.
Two members of the theater's volunteer guild are doling out tickets to subscribers.
An array of delicate anemones wave their pulpy pink, white and purple tentacles in other tanks.
Santa's rosy cheeks and broad smile are beaming from store windows, trees have been bought and decorated, the strains of ''Jingle Bells'' and ''Silent Night'' waft through the air in cafes and shops, and children wait anxiously for the moment when they can unwrap their gifts.
Lead solder at joints and even lead pipes themselves can be corroded by hard water.
At issue in this case were provisions of the so-called Helms Amendment, a 1992 law aimed at protecting children from indecency on cable television.
* Emily Soell was named to the new position of vice chairwoman and chief creative officer at Draft Direct Worldwide, New York.
Those conflicts are usually settled internally.
The fires in the sparsely populated country have killed 17 people and injured 62 and destroyed more than 31,000 square miles of forests and pastureland.
First, those who want the waiver on a pre-existing condition must act fast.
"If the truth is exposed, then the complexity of what took place can be revealed," said Ivan Juric, the city manager of Jasenovac, who had family members who were killed on both sides during World War II.
The agency, whose New York chapter is based in Thornwood, organizes two relief missions a year, in which groups take medical supplies to Vietnamese hospitals and clinics.
RJR Nabisco, the tobacco and food products conglomerate, gave $831,053 to the two parties in the 15 months ending March 31, 84 percent of it to Republicans.
He has pleaded not guilty.
''With banners, you're talking about very flat messages,'' Ms. Zornosa said.
But in the courtroom I looked at him and it was his head that went down.
At 29, he was the oldest male gymnast here, but despite all the waiting and all the injuries he has endured, he managed to win the gold over silver medalist Marius Urzica of Romania and bronze medalist Aleksei Nemov of Russia.
Navigation Technologies Corp., Sunnyvale, Calif., an initial public offering of 10.5 million of shares, 8.4 million in the U.S. and Canada.
Their landlord, they say, almost never ceases to amaze some of them and intimidate others.
Their architects grasped the difference between responsibility and compliance.
On Friday, Mr. Eatman and Mr.
''Even if there has been a fault, all faults can be corrected,'' said Mr. Youssef, the retired Government official, who like many Iraqis says it is now long past time for the all of the sanctions still in effect against Iraq to be lifted.
''You got that turkey going?''
While Marc S. Ryan, a spokesman for Mr. Rowland's budget office, said the administration was open to Mr. Ritter's proposal, he questioned whether it would cost more than a sale to private investors.
It also produced record crops of cotton grown by slaves working in a brutally repressive plantation system.
But when Dominique saw the rough openings in the wall, she panicked.
Treasury prices were further bolstered after the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, Mo., which complied the Fed survey known as the beige book, said that while "the pace of growth accelerated recently," signs of higher wages "remained scattered."
He was 74 and lived in Chicago.
He went to work as an assistant to W.T.
They expect to be resilient on the artificial turf, where the temperatures rise even higher.
While showing off the film maker's grandiose and impressive ambitions, it has none of the stirringly elegiac tone of ''Wild Bill,'' Mr. Hill's last and much better exploration of a moribund Wild West.
IT'S that time of year -- when baseball gloves are being lovingly massaged with oil, cleats pulled from the back of closets and pitching arms warmed up.
Mickens is stoic about such learning experiences.
What liberals in their confident cosmopolitan universalism did not grasp was the value of parish boundaries, of ''parochialism'' -- a word that liberals, secular as well as religious, have always loved to hate.
A12 AN OPERATOR'S ERA ENDS The losing of the last AT&T operator center in New England will bring an end to a way of life for a 50-year operator.
They are the subject of this retrospective of 70 works lovingly organized by Allen Frame.
After the announcement, first reported yesterday in The Wall Street Journal, America Online shares jumped $2.875 to $33.375.
Mr. Holbrooke gave the idea serious consideration.
It was a legend on Cape May's famed beachfront, a beacon of the community and a paragon of style.
Will Campbell leave Adam Graves and Aleksei Kovalev on Messier's wings, or will he juggle the combination here, as he has been doing more often in recent weeks?
The students and teachers at Edgar High School, where minorities can be counted on the fingers of one hand, have supported Pang, said Mark Lacke, the school principal.
Qd4 21 Qg2 Qe5 22 Nd5!
And I now stand with a dynamic new leader of the city's largest union.''
"It's charming, not that you have the full view, but the twin towers stick out.
"These data are in sharp contrast to the recently reported employment data, at minimum raising the red flag to the reliability of that data," she said.
It's a lighthearted wine, attractive to look at, easy to drink and quickly forgotten, like a delightful -- but trashy -- summer novel.
That moment stands for the beauty of sport to me: You play as hard and as well as you can and sometimes you win.
They said, 'You can't go back in.'
by getting shoved off the line of scrimmage.
The director (Frank Finlay), eager to avoid harmful publicity, concedes that she was not especially liked.
But Mr. Pogue is not yet a marquee name like Joe Eszterhas or William Goldman, who can earn $1 million to $3 million per screenplay and $250,000 for a week of rewriting.
"If it becomes purely transactional," he said, "then someone figures out how to do it all on the Internet and deliver."
The most complicated part of a debate bill is determining who should be invited to take part.
But Kristin Spear still saw a niche for herself.
"I am deeply troubled by the suggestion that the university has abandoned its historic commitment to freedom of expression in the process of developing the contractual agreement."
But the pay is undeniably better than at home.
You could meet with the President, hang out with the Vice President, help make policy, dine and dance at White House galas, even kick back (pun intended) in the Lincoln Bedroom -- if you brought enough money with you.
By now, the fact that television programs and personalities thrive and perish on ratings ought not to shake many viewers.
''You make us think of a tender sun which we can admire without looking away, of the kindness of an artisan who leaves for work each morning with a smile,'' the director Bertrand Blier said in a eulogy.
$(28.$) A Bronx man who shot himself after killing his wife at her office in the Flatiron district last week has died at St. Vincent's Hospital, the authorities said.
''But it was so much nicer and more persuasive, coming out of her mouth.
Maybe it was they thought it was cool.
Mr. Reiner turned and asked me, 'What do you think?'
He rejected the charge then, and tries now, with reasonable success, to demonstrate that he did not enforce ideological conformity at the C.I.A.
"If you don't, you'll be sobbing every day."
The decision came after a two-month review that began with 15 agencies and had been narrowed to Greenberg Seronick and the Boston and Stamford, Conn., offices of North Castle Partners.
One of Detective Chronis's colleagues at the Manhattan North headquarters, who spoke on the condition of anonymity yesterday, said: "Nobody could believe what happened.
What begins as mad love -- "I filled sketchbooks with drawings of him sleeping.
Pirates 5, Giants 4 Jason Kendall singled home the deciding run in the eighth inning as Pittsburgh beat host San Francisco.
Both occurred in areas and during times of day that are considered relatively safe.
Participants at both meetings included some of the most renowned scientists in history.
From the outset, then, "Founding Father" runs directly against the grain of modern biography, which, as Janet Malcolm has so candidly stated, is driven by the urge to expose and eviscerate.
They are beholden, they maintain, to powerful forces beyond their control.
"It really made people understand here in France how efficient the Internet could be," he said.
Here is a selective guide to coming cultural events in New York and beyond.
In fact, some of Mr. Milosevic's harshest critics are men who say he hasn't been nationalistic enough.
The Czechs, the 1996 world champions, will play Germany Saturday for the third berth in round two from the European pool.
O'Dwyer, an established starter in only his second season, remains at right guard.
Inspired by Huckleberry Finn, he always wanted to raft down the Mississippi, from St. Paul to New Orleans, past the river's notorious whirlpools and the small towns lining its banks.
In any romance, you learn to accept the little blemishes of your partner.
We can't lose a hair of that.
Young children do not always need direct services but a speech pathologist should be consulted.
Mixing quasi-religious symbolism with a mood of gothic horror, the film could be taken as everything from a spoof of German horror movies to a mock Christian allegory.
Princeton was at 49 percent, and many other selective colleges, including Stanford, Dartmouth and Williams, were above one-third.
The Rh positive or negative designation refers to the presence or absence of another antigen formally designated D, Dr. Reid said.
The place has been gutted; only the antique wood bar was kept.
Here along the Chechen border, it was almost impossible to count the casualties in the nine-day hostage crisis, including the number of hostages killed.
This would be a profitable endeavor for the Treasury.
But two have occurred in the last five years.
''As the number of years he serves as head coach pass, I suppose that question becomes more and more significant,'' Beauchamp said.
"I thought I was always going to get away with it."
While now a shadow of the institution that once owned factories of its own and that in 1960 represented half of all Israeli workers, the organization, a supportive ally of the previous Labor Government, is now flexing its muscles.
"It's quiet and it's very accessible to the Meadowbrook Parkway, which takes you everywhere.
The ad has the sort of dark, self-deprecating humor that should remind everyone of Mr. Dole in his better days, which was virtually any time that he was not running for President.
I left because I got a fantastic opportunity."
Mr. Van Wagoner said he was 25 percent in technology, while his successor is 37 percent in technology.
Cocktails at 6:30 P.M., followed by dinner.
A reading above 50 indicates that more respondents said that conditions were improving than said that they were declining.
In 1981, the center introduced the girls' East-West game.
On the casino boats, gambling will not be allowed until the vessel has passed the three-mile state limit offshore, into waters where gambling is legal.
Nearing the outspoken end of the century, new playwrights, represented in regional theaters countrywide, are no longer laboring under the influence of the master of American lyric theater.
In the kids' room, I saw two beds with red covers on them and another bed off in a corner.
Dennis Gillings, chairman and chief executive of Quintiles, said the combined client list included the 20 biggest American and European drug makers.
I would guess that the preservers of the Rochambeau house in mid-Westchester will also be offering corrections to that article.
In the Northeast, it appears that there was less shopping in malls and people wrote fewer checks and cracked their wallets less often than in the rest of the country, particularly during the holidays and in the New York area, initial sales reports show.
This is the best news for the country's wetlands since the Senate refused to consider Mr. Shuster's destructive efforts to rewrite the Clean Water Act and, in the process, narrow vital wetland protections.
To offer phone service, RCN plans to string copper wire to individual apartments or lease capacity on the existing copper network owned by Nynex.
''I think I'd say I'm the soul,'' said Ms. Meadow, who is 49 and who last year made a robust return from a bout with breast cancer.
To meet the first challenge, beginning about 10 years ago, a small cadre of wineries began upgrading their vineyard practices and wine-making techniques and now offer some excellent wines at low prices.
468 Piermont Avenue, Piermont, N.Y. (914) 359-1089.
Maybe Not, " which opened in 1994, one of the most popular German films in years.
And the long-term trend, he said, is that the United States will gain more jobs than it loses from the agreement.
For President Clinton, Thursday evening will be a memorable one.
Which leads to a question of perspective: Are the cemeteries half full or half empty?
Until this year the Czech Government, like the United States Defense Department, insisted in public statements that there was no evidence that gulf war veterans were suffering unusual health problems as a result of their service in the war.
They have been among the prime movers in free agency in trying to free the moribund franchise from its infernal history.
"There were 66 cabinetmakers working in New York in 1805," Ms.
An American Baptist spokesman, Richard W. Schramm, said the denomination, based in Valley Forge, Pa., had yet to determine whether the churches were also cut off from the national body.
What to Do First and foremost, keep your weight down.
Mr. Hazelwood has been acquitted of charges of operating the tanker while drunk.
Such concern for the welfare of a defendant's children is not unusual, said Harry First, a professor at New York University Law School.
In the plea, Archer Daniels -- a food processing giant that advertises itself as the ''Supermarket to the World'' -- will admit that it fixed prices of lysine, a feed additive, and citric acid, an organic acid used in various foods and beverages.
No,'' said Ieng Sary, the breakaway Khmer Rouge leader who is implicated in the killings of huge numbers of his fellow Cambodians in the 1970's.
The 1992 platform proclaimed the "right" of all Americans to "quality, affordable health care."
In Indiana, which is typical of many states, a recipient loses her share of a welfare check for two months for the first infraction, for a year for the second and for three years for the third.
Because the air temperature is a little below freezing, the snow falling here has been wet and heavy, putting a severe strain on roofs.
''Whatever it takes to win, we take it,'' Mariano Duncan said.
But its ruling suggested that any future tests be labeled to indicate the use of only one testing methodology.
the crowd chanted loudly, as Berlusconi moved toward the stage with a bounce reminiscent of vintage Ronald Reagan.
Caldwell's Bloomfield Avenue is similar to many other 19th-century business districts that are struggling to survive as regional malls, supermarkets and large hardware chains grab their customers.
There was a long silence on the line.
Such modification is not difficult.
Another layer is positively charged, with empty spaces, or holes, in its structure where electrons should go.
"I think they are stubbornly insistent on keeping the Oscar system," he said, "to the detriment of the mission they are called to do, which is to choose the best music of the year."
Romeo Gigli, Christian Lacroix, Ralph Lauren, Nicole Miller and Todd Oldham also intend to enter the jeans market.
Another was LeRoy Schweitzer, a tax delinquent former crop-duster who is seen as Mr. Schwasinger's main implementer, and who became the ideological leader of the group, mediators and the Freemen themselves say.
But we convinced them it would be just as big in this area, if not bigger."
Investigators said the raids targeted a network allegedly run by Ahmed Zaoui, former European leader of Algeria's Islamic Armed Group, who was given a suspended four-year jail sentence by a Belgian court in November 1995.
His father is the president of Manhattan Products/Laundry Aids Inc., a manufacturer in Carlstadt, N.J.
THE signs are hopeful these days along the 577 miles of New York and Connecticut coastline that embrace Long Island Sound.
The family lived in Princeton, N.J., before moving to California in 1986.
Its chairman is James H. Clark, Netscape's co-founder.
is 11 years old and no longer a small company, but it began with Toskan, a makeup artist, cooking lipstick on his kitchen stove.
On Valentine's Day, he said, he sent 1,001 bouquets of red roses to Phyllis McGuire, the singer who is also his friend.
"Ozawa is desperate," said Shigenori Okazaki, a political analyst with SBC Warburg Securities in Tokyo.
* Mates condoms, "Chemist Shop," 1988, Still Price Court Twivy D'Souza, Britain.
He overcame a Democratic surge in New Hampshire, normally the most reliably Republican state in the East, that may have resulted from the bitter Republican Presidential primary there last February.
These doctors want to rent your whole body.
The new company, expected to be called On Command Video, will provide pay-per-view entertainment and information services to about one million hotel rooms worldwide.
If you say too much, the police will arrest you."
On Monday evening the Metropolitan Opera will present its first production of Britten's ''Midsummer Night's Dream,'' the 9th of the composer's 15 operas.
''I'm looking forward to next week,'' said defensive tackle Marvin Washington.
The 43-year-old Weibring stood at seven-under-par 203 to change places with Sutherland, the midway leader, who had a 72.
Eric has been able to hold on to his job temporarily because the parents of his friend Noah are picking up the papers for both of them.
Clearly the Gordian Knot needs to be broken in one fell swoop.
SHORELINE commuters from the New London area now have an option to battling traffic on Interstate 95.
She had a wheelchair, but would need someone to help her with Tatiana and Terrelle, her 4-year-old son.
Rodman is another potential Chicago problem.
Amy Brenneman is Steve's second wife, Laura, who valiantly tries to knit together a picture-perfect family from two broken marriages that have left scars on both children (she has a young son, Toby, from her first marriage).
UJA-FEDERATION OF NEW YORK 130 East 59th Street, Room 427, New York, N.Y. 10022.
During his New York visit, which began on Thursday and ended last night, Mr. Netanyahu mixed and mingled with the city's politicians, journalists, business people and religious leaders.
However, even Fini says Italy isn't ready for a "post-Fascist" president and refuses to speculate on when it will be.
When I found a cabdriver knowledgeable about fish 'n' brewis (pronounced brews), a concoction of salt cod, potatoes and hard tack, I asked where I could eat it.
She misses being treated like a man.
"But sometimes I think alcohol saved my [expletive].
They're great support for all sports.
Yesterday's trading in Milan was the first investor reaction to the resignation of the chief operating officer, Renzo Francesconi, who said the company was understating its losses.
On its cover, he is wearing a red Kangol hat, an Adidas warm-up suit and a giant gold name belt around his neck.
Some Democratic analysts argue that any voter likely to break with Mr. Clinton over this single issue was already with the Republicans, whose platform is staunchly opposed to legalized abortion.
''The lots range from one half acre to two acres.''
You had to ask yourself: What is this madness?"
While the one-day tumble added to the volatility that has characterized the stock market this year, the drop was not dramatic in percentage terms, shaving just slightly more than one percentage point off the Dow.
Now predictions are stated as fact in newspaper columns and op-ed pieces.
Beyond that, the critics say, it is a bit inconsistent, if not hypocritical, for the Governor to bemoan the idea of peddling false hopes at the same time he seeks to raise state revenues with the introduction of a new fast-paced lottery game, called Quick Draw.
Prices: Lunch, main dishes, $7.50 to $10.
And because outsiders, in particular Western nations, have not been present on the ground, where their lives and reputations would be at stake, international support for the West African troops deployed there has been both tepid and inconsistent.
Johnson Controls officials said they were pleased with the terms of the settlement.
Last year the Justice Department began investigating whether the companies discriminated against minority groups.
"Not long ago, I had a young kid come in with a ponytail, T-shirt and jeans.
"If they -- Republicans or the swing Democrats -- see somebody they don't think can win, they don't bother voting.
Many Olympians, including the American swimmer Amy Van Dyken, started this way, but Riley hated it initially and would sob and cling to the wire fence outside the Brisbane pool as her mother, Lin, forced her inside for swim classes.
It could be the motto for this block which, with its growing number of kosher restaurants and food shops, is becoming known to some as the "modern-day Lower East Side" and is attracting Jews from outside the city.
And I think if I had stayed there, that would've been done.
**Waking three or more times during the night and taking 15 minutes or longer to go back to sleep.
The sentiment gleams through in one of Mr. Copperfield's least ornate tricks, the one he tells his audience his grandfather taught him.
"It all depends on whom you talk to and where you go."
When the Foreign Minister of Kyrgyzstan met with her Turkish counterpart at a recent international gathering, she asked him a question so painful and so blunt that it made front-page news in Turkey.
As for the tableau of famous singers that closed the 1963 Newport festival: "They were telling their own story; and for the space of a few years, ignorant of the last world war and united against the next, largely innocent of ideology, still protected from a consciousness of the realities of money, privilege and power in which they were already swept up, they let it flow from their own voices, and their own hands, into the lives they had yet to live."
Sprinkle with the olive paste and top with the roasted tomatoes and crumbled goat cheese.
"And so I went out and I partied, and I got myself into a little trouble.
Shares of ACX Technologies Inc. rose 5 percent yesterday after the company said it had hired Dillon, Read & Company to explore the possible sale of all or part of the Golden Aluminum Company.
It would have made for a nice showdown.
But it is also a serious project, they say.
Sunny, Heavy Wagering The weather may yet smile on the Breeders' Cup.
Serious consideration should be given to the less expensive and less obtrusive design the garden commissioned from the architect James Stewart Polshek and the engineering firm of Cohen, Dippel & Everist.
Any futurist enterprise runs inevitable risks.
Tribe said the Supreme Court was likely to uphold the panel's ruling.
At another point he lashed out at investigators from the independent counsel's office who had questioned him, calling them "Gestapo."
What's more, the Industrial Revolution was already producing such excesses of bad taste that a movement was under way to educate both industrialists and the public at large in the rules of good esthetic behavior.
A slender staff of office carries a dazzling little female figure at its tip.
's (Frankie Bones, ESP Woody McBride, Scott Hardkiss, Apollo, Mixmaster Morris), marveled at how well electronics whizzes like Daft Punk and Laura Grabb could perform the music on live instruments and discovered that rock bands like Low and Poi Dog Pondering could also fit into a rave.
''It's a lousy job,'' he said.
765 Route 17 South, Paramus.
Stanley Getzler, who moved to Manhattan in 1956 and became a successful stockbroker, found Lenore Simon, the little girl who used to share his sled on snowy afternoons as they careered down Kingsbridge Road.
The suspect drove off, clipping the sergeant, who was not identified because he is an undercover officer and who suffered minor injuries, she said.
Mr. Dillon certainly thought so.
If it comes to throwing someone out from the warning track, that's not going to happen.
European scientists hurled half the planet into a tailspin last spring by declaring that male fertility was plummeting, perhaps due to pollution, only to have American scientists conclude six months later that males were plenty virile; it was the scientists' math that had lost its potency.
He was the restaurant's sous chef.
It was so good one diner considered cancelling her entree and ordering a few more.
But the good news is that it's not a fixed, unchanging structure and therefore some evolution in its behavior is not impossible.
Fifteen of Fuhr's saves came in the second period and were reminiscent of the way he used to dominate the Flames as a member of the Edmonton Oilers in the 1980's.
Mr. Houghton said he was "hopeful that Houghtons can participate in the management of the company" in the future but said he was making no promises.
As the bodies pile up, Jeremy is helped by Walker's beautiful daughter, Robin, she of the ''stylishly short auburn hair .
Under a licensing agreement with a Russian publisher, Newsweek will provide material from current issues of the magazine for a new Russian language newsweekly that will start up in May.
The Government has been negotiating with the Daimler-Benz subsidiary that owns 51 percent of Fokker about how much each side would contribute to the bailout.
VISITORS to the Datahr Rehabilitation Institute's new daytime activities center here may be met at the door by Chris Trottier.
But the relative mood of calm was more a measure of how much terror Peruvians have become accustomed to during the last 16 years of guerrilla wars, rather than the absence of danger.
In theory the pendulum could swing back again, reducing the demand for the skilled and raising demand for the unskilled.
8 P.M. Tickets: $32 to $65.
It is the same story in Brooklyn, Queens and the Bronx.
Up to the very end, he had surmounted his problems with the kind of persistence he has shown so many times before.
12 12 9 Observations on the strange ways of life in the 1990's.
As you might expect from a restaurant owned by Alan Stillman's New York Restaurant Group (which also owns Smith & Wollensky, the Post House, Cite, Park Avenue Cafe and Manhattan Ocean Club), the meat is good.
After I finish with Mike Tyson, they're going to disappear."
Discussing Shenyin's outlook, Mr. Kan said he did not expect any significant growth in 1996.
The boost a fellowship can give to an artist's prospects and ego is its greatest value, he said.
Ms. Burke, Mr. Dole's former chief of staff, said the Senator ''didn't seem to have difficulty shifting roles'' as his job description changed, and it is a credit to Mr. Dole's versatility that his Republican colleagues never seemed to question his ability to make the needed transitions.
We'll balance the budget and invest in protecting the environment, and protect Medicare and Medicaid while reforming them so that we can all preserve them over the long-term.''
B.M.J., which is based in Bordentown, N.J., is the parent company of the Bank of Mid-Jersey.
"Now there are very few poisoning cases, so the goal has been basically accomplished."
Bringing such a big name to such a small state was a coup for the Schafers, and they escorted the Whitmans to Bismarck's Civic Center, where 200 people had paid $250 apiece to support Schafer's re-election bid and to shake Whitman's hand.
At a recent lunch with a Smithsonian producer, Bruce Talbot, Mr. Cerulli suggested an album of music that Americans danced to from the 1920's through World War II.
There is an old expression for the present state of municipal finances, and it comes straight out of the 1970's: fiscal crisis.
Mr. Siegel said his case was the first in which the plaintiffs include customers as well as business owners.
Ms. Warner could not resist blaming her friend for all the rumpus.
Some are elegant, with live piano music, like Kang Sum Gang in Flushing.
"Everything has changed," he says.
Yet the wisdom of providing additional help to needy and neglected children seems undeniable.
If you are chased by a dog when walking, jogging or biking, stop, turn toward the dog, point and say firmly ''No'' or ''Go home.''
There will be little room for explanations -- ''How could we expect Jumbo to get hurt?
''I was always worried to just return it.''
June 24-July 6: "Love, Julie" with Helen Reddy and Millicent Martin.
Atlanta Hawks Coach Lenny Wilkens gathered his team at a Secaucus, N.J., hotel to watch game films of the Sacramento Kings, whom the Hawks are scheduled to play tonight in Atlanta.
Backweb Inc., another push start up, has also introduced software that delivers information channels directly to a personal computer.
NBC expects to take in the biggest total of advertising revenue for a single day in television history, as much as $80 million, said the president of NBC Sports, Dick Ebersol.
German Volkists rejected Christianity as Jewish.
"This is a setback for religious freedom," he said.
The lawsuit was filed in Raleigh County Circuit Court in Beckley for the children's mother, identified only as Rebecca Doe of Alaska, on behalf of her daughter, who is now 11.
Moreover, the job has given ''Digital Dan,'' as Mr. Lawrence is known to his listeners, a new purpose in life.
Walking along 125th, she talks to store owners about improving facades and signage.
To do so, Mr. Mahe said, "he's got to demonstrate that it's a partnership between him and Newt, but that he's senior partner.
She added,"If someone else tries to get into your space, you just stare at them angrily."
In July 1947, he warned Harry Truman that once it was established neither the President "nor anyone else would be in a position to know what it was doing or to control it."
Matthew and Al say they, too, have their spending under control.
STOCKBRIDGE Berkshire Theater Festival (413-298-5576).
''In the meantime, he waits to see if I am about to take him to court, and I wait to see if he's about to take me.
What are the proper attributes of New York: the Hotel?
The Tony administration committee found that only 4 songs from the show's score were eligible because the 11 others had been in films or other Rodgers and Hammerstein musicals.
groundout and Huskey drove in Vizcaino with a line drive to left.
But because of a wide variety of opinions among the Justices, their views of other forms of commercial speech remain unclear.
Mr. Ozawa will have the opportunity on Wednesday to grill Mr. Hashimoto in Parliament.
In Nasdaq trading yesterday, shares of Big O rose $1.4375, to $15.25.
He is the son of Thilda I. Alvarado of Brooklyn, who is the support-services supervisor for TIAA-CREF, the pension fund in New York.
George E. Pataki and House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a strategy that apparently succeeded in an area that includes many state workers who are worried about losing their jobs to budget cuts.
The torch will come from New York City, traveling by ferry to Exchange Place in Jersey City, where it is scheduled to arrive at 9:17 A.M.
With women, their success depends so much more on enlightened males.''
For people like Mr. Budimbwa, who speak of East Kasai as becoming a ''de facto republic,'' however, the obstacles to strong development remain formidable.
Between 1991 and 1996, prosecutors say, more than 200 motorists decided to make that call.
If you use this method, be careful not to drill past the wallboard into the insulation.
FROM BEHIND ROSA AND Carlos de la Cruz's art-filled house on the bay in Key Biscayne, there's a sweeping view of the Miami skyline.
1 men's alpha-hydroxy product in the department store market with the help of lengthy informational advertising campaigns.
The hijackers responded by flashing lights from the ferry and, at one point, driving it in a circle apparently intended as a symbolic victory lap.
It is hard to say why, when ''1812'' is so well loved in the West, ''Moscow'' should have remained all but unknown.
Taking a Swing Another favorite of Mr. Wallace's is Sport Haley, a designer and maker of golf sportswear.
After Mr. Arnett returned home, hecklers hounded him at speeches.
Just a few months ago the Clinton Administration predicted that the hospital trust fund would lose $8.2 billion in the fiscal year 1996, which ended Sept. 30; the actual deficit was much smaller.
''Some of the targets might be overly ambitious, and we will work with him,'' Mr. Giuliani said.
Also, the unions that provided strong backing in his last race are expected to have less impact this time, since their resources are spread thinner with a large number of elections in next month's primary.
Only later did disillusionment set in.
The Museum of the American Indian moved from 155th Street to Lower Manhattan.
And officials at the Pentagon expressed only minor reservations about the merger, though airline officials were less certain about its benefits.
According to a recent poll, only 12 percent of those surveyed think he is doing a ''good or very good'' job.
"Gerry Frank's Where to Find It, Buy It, Eat It in New York" (Gerry Frank, 1993) has remarkable listings, particularly since Mr. Frank lives in Salem, Ore. Its main irritations are that he shows he is an outsider in enthusiastic commonplace observations delivered as revelations.
He probably is the only local chef with experience at a Michelin two-star rated eating place turning out cheeseburgers, nachos and stuffed potato skins in a casual pub.
"We're a small county, and a small office.
He continued: "It's one thing to prove a conspiracy.
To outsiders it seems like hyperbole.
The Zhongmei Dance Company has a wealth of source material to drawn upon, but doesn't quite know what to do with its treasures.
So it's better for me to just shut up and play.''
Dallas Green, meanwhile, had not felt quite so threatened by the possible arrival of Orange Blue.
He spoke to reporters after giving a speech tonight at the Automotive News World Congress here, a trade conference.
First Bank, the 25th-biggest United States bank at the end of the first quarter, had $36.2 billion in assets at the end of June, an 8.2 percent increase from a year earlier.
The White House used the good news to make good politics, sending out a bevy of senior officials to brag about it at a morning briefing where they attributed it to Mr. Clinton's 1993 deficit reduction package.
The number of oil and gas rigs operating nationwide dropped by 10 this week, to 765, Baker Hughes Inc. said today.
I started losing weight, and I'd run a little faster.
Yet none of her autobiography found its way into her music -- and little of it into the papers.
His partner, Mr. Edwards, said he was now negotiating to buy two other buildings on the block as a pure investment.
''The 1980's were so overwrought; then, suddenly, everything was so bare,'' says Holly Hunt, the owner of the company that bears her name, a furniture and fabric showroom in New York City, Chicago and Minneapolis.
In the final today, Princeton will face host Marquette, which beat Prairie View, 104-49.
But the United States, which organized the Dayton conference, is essentially ignoring the promise -- and not only in Serb-held territory.
The Crime Bill is putting 100,000 new police officers on the street.
Then under a 1995 bankrupcty settlement the junior mortgage holders forgave $8.5 million in debt in exchange for 20 apartments and Resolution Trust lowered the $3.4 million underlying mortgage, which was due, to $3.25 million, extended it seven years and forgave $2 million in interest.
Affirmative action is a beneficent and constructive social policy, not a conclusively unassailable abstract moral and legal tenet.
The fiber division's profits rose 2.5 percent, to $208 million, as sales fell 0.5 percent, to $1.82 billion.
Paula Kukulka walked across Washington Square by herself, smiling ever so slightly.
Boeing has been testing airlines' responses to the proposals for the bigger planes, which would cost up to $200 million each.
But if any community has a right to be paranoid, it is this one, baked in sour memories: from the Tuskegee study in the 30's in which 652 black men suffering from syphilis went untreated to the attempts of the F.B.I.
But even as NATO ferried the Serbian officers, officials of its peacekeeping force suggested that the approximately 60,000 troops deployed in Bosnia would not seek to detain any of the 52 people indicted for war crimes so far, including the Bosnian Serb commander, Gen. Ratko Mladic, and the Bosnian Serb political leader, Radovan Karadzic.
Is there a Harbor Country ''look''?
Mr. Tyson is serving a life sentence for his role in the case.
The Republican platform repudiates the treaty as ''inconsistent with American security interests'' and argues that the United States, in order to deter the threat of weapons of mass destruction from rogue states, will ''require the continuing maintenance and development of nuclear weapons and other periodic testing.''
WHEN Greg Norman's tee shot on the 12th hole splashed into Rae's Creek, the ball could be seen in the blue-dyed water, but his dorsal fin had disappeared.
The dessert was sweet Hungarian pancakes, made by a chef at Cafe des Artistes.
In fact, the episode of the CBS series "Murder, She Wrote" scheduled to run next Thursday -- opposite "Friends" at 8 P.M., Eastern and Pacific times -- brings the sleuthing author Jessica Fletcher to "the set of TV's highest-rated sitcom," according to an ad in TV Guide, where "she discovers that one of the friends has committed a low-down, dirty deed."
Trump Plaza Boardwalk at Mississippi Avenue.
America Online, based in Dulles, Va., began blocking Internet sites this month that had been sending mass commercial E-mail messages to America Online subscribers.
The Port Authority says it is moving on these projects.
The Mr. Jordan whose company owns CBS said there was ''a great debate at my house'' over the change in the script.
Monmouth County's in-shore fisheries for hard and soft clams (the soft shells are slightly crumbly, like limestone) have been revitalized in the past two years by the opening of clam purification plants in Highlands and Sea Bright that can process 360 bushels a day.
More important, he intends to double the engineering team at the plant, mostly by hiring recent and eager graduates from Polish universities.
The Southcoast Capital Corporation and the Brenner Securities Corporation, two closely held investment banks, said this week that they intended to merge.
Commenting on possible Fed action, Greg Jones, an economist with MMS International in San Francisco, said: "While a tightening appears to be likely, it is not inevitable.
In the Rams' matter, a league veto of 21 votes against, 3 for and 6 abstentions turned to a 23-6-1 blessing one month later when the team increased its relocation fee to the league from $25 million to $46 million.
Sponsored by a Manhattan company known as RMS Titanic, the expedition had been working for a month to salvage artifacts and sections of the rusting hulk for commercial display.
People close to the Boim family said the victim had still held American citizenship, but no confirmation was immediately available from American officials.
Still, Ruben Malave, associate director of La Fuerza Unida, a Hispanic outreach program in Glen Cove, said the tensions are continuing.
I never think of that as work.
But her story began to unravel during seven hours of questioning at the 75th Precinct station house, according to Officer Martin Foley, a police spokesman, and eventually, he said, she admitted that she had killed her daughter.
The agency is also looking into the marketing and advertising practices of the Seagram Company, the Canadian distiller.
New Frontier this week accused the Liberal Democrats of breaking the election law by circulating ''malicious false propaganda'' in the ad, and it filed a lawsuit.
Did Nile actually arrange to have his father, instead of his mother, killed by Hardcore?
PENALTIES charged to hotel guests who check out early continue to proliferate, with Hilton Hotels joining the ranks of Westin and Hyatt.
The class content of a Pat Buchanan rally is so thick you can smell it.
She also supports abortion rights.
Even the townspeople wonder why the apartheid Government chose Brandfort as her place of exile.
''And now they're the most happy people I ever saw.
My husband and I booked accommodations in two B & B's with the agency.
And this week, in a less prominent senatorial race, the country narrowly escaped a similar disaster.
Georgia NATIONAL BLACK ARTS FESTIVAL Atlanta, June 28-July 7 (800-741-0706).
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi and Public Advocate Mark J.
"My 15-year-old son's temper flares up at every little thing," Melanie Chirichella of Bohemia said.
But Mr. Nichols said many other visitors to the same buildings had not reported symptoms.
The products are manufactured at a single plant in Jackson, Tenn., and their sale would not affect the rest of Quaker's Aunt Jemima line, including syrup and pancake mixes.
The plunge came after executives at the company, a software maker based in Sunnyvale, Calif., told three analysts late Thursday that higher-than-expected costs from the recent acquisition of Diab Data would reduce earnings, the chief executive, David P. St. Charles, said.
In the 1992 results, the top 1 percent held 38.8 percent, with the next 9 percent holding 42.3 percent and the bottom 90 percent holding 18.9 percent.
A. Shallots, a cross between onions and Heaven, belong to the category of multiplier onions.
As a result of all this, both Castro and Kim established themselves as legitimate nationalist leaders.
''After the kind of meals we offer, people tend to want a simple dessert,'' says Mr. Marquardt, who is responsible for most of them.
Terry Collins, out of work for only a month, got a new job today, becoming the manager of the California Angels.
The rally this week may help dispel some of the chill from a selloff earlier this month.
Our competitors tend to market either through direct mail, telephone sales, or through field sales consultants -- the people who sell door-to-door.
In short, the little volume is not to be classified with the ''Gentlemen Prefer Blondes,'' the Ring Lardner, the ''Of Thee I Sing'' or the ''Once in a Lifetime'' school of American humorous satire.
In the election, the front won only 20 percent of the 340 million votes, about the same as the Hindu nationalists who formed a minority Government immediately after the election, then collapsed in 13 days.
As in past years, the international survey includes a program devoted to a single country.
Also scheduled for the mission are three dozen medical, biotechnology and engineering experiments.
As usual, those helping Doctor Who will do a lot of terrified screaming.
''I've got a good 10 years of projects lined up right now, so I'll be here for a while,'' he said.
And the energy and precision of his accounts of Wolpe's hard-driven Toccata, the slight but amusing "Rag-Caprice" and the emotional "Form IV" did justice to these communicative if sometimes ascetic pieces.
But, he said, ''I think the burden is on the selectionists to produce the selective advantage.''
Mr. Lieberman is a lawyer for the Federal Labor Relations Authority in Boston.
Then, referring to his Irish-born mare's talent for racing long distances, he said, ''We were a little concerned that this might be a little short for her, but we got a good pace up front for her to run at.''
(Mr. Levkov sells his guide for $15 but half are given away by his advertisers.)
And it will allow that investor to be notified if someone has simply asked to buy a bond with characteristics, like maturity and credit quality, that match a bond in the portfolio.
I seem to be nearly alone in finding the coy miniaturism of "Bed and Sofa" exasperating.
Our interest was in getting U.S. firms into important, fast growing markets like Indonesia.''
But when the putt went in, winning the tournament for the United States on the 17th hole of the final match, the Presidents Cup got the dramatic finish it needed to build a pedigree of its own.
With 99 percent of the precincts reporting in Nashville, the yes vote for stadium funding received 59.4 percent to 40.6 percent voting no.
The movie is flawed by mediocre sound and by a pat scenario that locks its characters into stereotypical attitudes.
There is now a series of free Young People's Concerts, held one Saturday each month during the school year at the Pequot Library, which with South Shore sponsors the event.
Mr. Knox had pleaded guilty to violation of civil rights laws and possession of cocaine, charges not related to the shooting.
''The Red Sox led, 2-0, in '86,'' Boggs said late Monday night, stone-cold serious as he tried to find comfort in so painful a personal memory.
If the systems gave horizontal guidance, it is possible they could turn and still collide.
A prime example of the theme in the Curious George books can be found in ''Curious George Goes to the Hospital,'' in which George swallows a piece of a jigsaw puzzle and is run through a battery of hospital tests.
"Can you hand me that script?"
What he does not understand is why it took the Government three years to come up with a response to the so-called mad cow disease, which surfaced here in 1986.
Before long, there were dozens huddling on the rafters above the stables, hobbling around the haystacks, dropping dead all over the place.
Having broken a taboo, "The Boys in the Band" had become taboo itself.
The safety board's assertion caused visible conflict between the board's leaders and criminal investigators, who have widely discussed their search for evidence that the plane was sabotaged.
There still are no door handles.
1 FLORIDA FUTURE CLOUDY FOR DOLE The most reliably Republican of the big states exemplifies a bind for Bob Dole: states that ought to constitute his base are up for grabs.
at the Apollo Theater and a local D.J.
"You can't have a policy of raising the compensation of municipal employees and have a big tax cut package too," he said.
Nor are they particularly noisy: we live less than two blocks from the New Jersey Transit Coast line, yet we are hardly ever aware that trains are passing.
Their Robin was Errol Flynn, a striking, clean-cut young dynamo fresh from his electric debut as "Captain Blood."
A year later she moved on to Cambodia, working by then for United Press International as well as Newsweek and several other publications.
It also runs a 24-hour drop-in "crisis center" on West 41st Street and a shelter for single mothers and their babies on West 52d Street.
"It was something I wanted done, and they accommodated me with two years."
The investigation by Judge Garzon, Spain's best-known magistrate, came in response to a complaint filed in March by several Spanish groups, among them a lawyers' association and an association of prosecutors, as well as the United Left political party.
IT is an unpretentious house down a private lane, out of sight of the road.
Most puppies sell for $500 to $1,500 Mr. Falberg said and added that "ethical breeders are very concerned about where their puppies go."
To entrust the investigation of this unprecedented hemorrhage of F.B.I.
But after sober reflection, industry officials are realizing that any final pact will take years to put in place and may not even address the most important barriers to United States technology exports.
The governor approves of the idea but has not reviewed the bill, a spokesman said yesterday.
For years, computer viruses spread mainly by people physically exchanging infected diskettes.
However, the victories haven't come easily of late for Philippoussis.
We'd rather not look at them when we walk down the street.
In an effort to endure the hours of hunger, cold and terror at the camp, an anteroom to Auschwitz, Mina Pachter and other women carefully, sometimes painfully, wrote out about 80 recipes, using what pen or pencil and paper they could find, and later sewed together the pages.
"If we'd moved anywhere else, it would have cost us $40,000 just to install the wiring we needed," said Scott P. Kozak, corporate controller of Plaid Brothers, which provides interactive products to businesses, and which moved in last month.
They should stop fooling around with abortion and cats' rights and they should work on human rights.
Lucas Davenport and his team of cops contend with a trio of robbers 10 5 4 determined to kill them.
We lived here 23 years.
For six months, before suspects in the killing were arrested in September 1995, her father would frequently stand in front of the house where she had been burned alive and ask everybody who walked by if they had information about her abductors.
But when I pulled up in front of the house, there was a big ''For Sale'' staked in the lawn and the house was empty.
Tosco's chief executive, Thomas D. O'Malley, disclosed the refinery's status during a conference call with analysts to discuss the company's plan to purchase the Circle K Corporation.
The settlement calls for $600 million to be distributed to plaintiffs and $40 million to pay expenses and legal fees.
Signals were restored at 7:19 P.M. and trains began arriving at and leaving from the Manhattan terminal with delays of 30 to 45 minutes on all three lines, the Harlem, Hudson and New Haven, Ms. Anders said.
2 Tennessee Tennessee could have the best team in the nation and a Heisman Trophy favorite in quarterback Peyton Manning.
Open positions of short sales rose to record levels in the most recent month, the New York Stock Exchange said yesterday.
They took the sublet, in walking distance of her job.
In the Senate, Spencer Abraham, a first-term Republican, has shown leadership and courage that make him a much-admired advertisement for the State of Michigan.
Nash is expected to add just the right touch of veteran experience for Calipari, fresh out of college coaching.
Mrs. del Ponte responds that of the 500 or so cases her office handles a year, many involve crimes that originate outside Switzerland, forcing her to rely on foreign police assistance.
Many historians suspect that elements of the story border on myth.
The first flights in the 1960's were disillusioning, and two Viking spacecraft in 1976 landed there and could find no unambiguous evidence for life on the surface.
Most often they are hostile, draining her energy and even attempting to kill her.
The purchase of FG Inversiones, which had a profit of 1 billion pesetas in 1995, is Merrill's second recent takeover in Europe.
He had to rebuild himself before he could build his career.
Soon afterward, it was said that Admiral Merino had asked to leave the Valparaiso hospital to end to speculation that he had died.
did not really focus on Mr. Nicholson until he faced a routine lie-detector test given to the agency's employees every few years.
agents around, Mr. Murnion said, is that they brought in a cell that made cellular phone calls possible.
Sheer visceral intensity can be an important part of the musical message; think of the violent rips by the low strings at the start of Mahler's Second Symphony.
By getting the Federal Government permanently out of the practice of subsidizing the production of butter, powered milk and cheese within five years.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 614 calories, 11 grams fat, 65 milligrams cholesterol, 455 milligrams sodium, 40 grams protein, 95 grams carbohydrate.
In a telephone interview from Buenos Aires, the Argentine official in charge of the negotiations, Rodolfo A. Diaz, would say only that the two sides had come to a ''definitive agreement'' and that ''all of the disputes that there have been between them are now completely resolved.''
So in the end the contest for the Russian presidency comes down to two men shaped by Communism -- Boris Yeltsin, the apostate who broke with the Soviet faith, and Gennadi Zyuganov, still the acolyte.
In the summer of 1994, Brown was in China to persuade its leaders to buymore jet aircraft and to allow American car makers to produce vehicles in China.
Lisa Leslie, a 6-5 former Southern Cal star, had a game-high 24 points, and Katrina McClain added 13 points and 12 rebounds.
or ''Can he really come through?''
Officials at the institution have said the women will be roommates, which many believe will help them survive the crucial first year.
The British press called them ''the dream couple'' and kept asking when they would marry; intent on retaining the image, they would coyly reply, ''Not yet,'' even while involved in secret affairs with others.
Who knows where this new intelligence came from -- some mixture of Perot infomercials and hard experience probably.
"That brand provided more than 50 percent of Coca-Cola's incremental volume growth in the second quarter," he said.
"The premium for contingency," wrote Supreme Court Justice Harry Blackmun in 1987, "compensates for the risk of nonpayment if the suit does not succeed."
But aiming high can be difficult.
''Beyond the Clouds'' has screenings at Alice Tully Hall today at 6 P.M. and tomorrow at 1:30 P.M. as part of the New York Film Festival.
She said the parents' program still existed with a ''new facilitator.''
In the decisive fourth quarter, the Bulls double-teamed Payton, forced him to give up the ball, then harassed his teammates into mistakes.
"If the attitude of the Government does not change, there is no chance left for prosperity," he said in an interview with Obshchaya Gazeta.
The sense of melting pot is rare enough in this city, but here the pot tips to send a stream of blended age, race, ethnicity, gender and sexual orientation flowing from Central Park around the Upper West Side and back.
The United Nations reported 61 injuries and deaths caused by mines in Sarajevo alone in the last two months.
The producers retreat to the control room.
THE Young Artists Philharmonic, directed by Sal Princiotti, and the Stamford Center for the Arts have joined forces in sponsoring a summer jazz workshop under the direction of the saxophonist John Mastroianni.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, more than 300,000 service jobs were created last year, with more than 110,000 of them in computer-related services.
Plastic surgery was the answer for Joseph P. Toonen, a sales manager for Cox Cable in San Juan Capistrano, Calif.
''They do it year round,'' she said, remembering how in her first job as a secretary she was often asked to send wives flowers after her superiors' extramarital flings.
No commuting distance and no Nosy Parkers: what more could you ask for a getaway?
SIOUX FALLS SKYFORCE -- Signed Emmett Hall, forward.
"The expectation expressed at the beginning of the year to end the year in the black, or at least break even, was not fulfilled," the chairman, Pieter W. van der Wal, said in a statement, adding that Grundig's "indisputable restructuring successes have been canceled out by a drop in prices, higher labor costs and currency-linked losses."
Brad Peebles, who was voted the Class of 1971's ''Most Outstanding Boy,'' is listed in the local telephone book but had not heard about the reunion.
A second measure would increase penalties for stealing a pet to 18 months in prison -- five years if the thief intended to sell the animal -- and a $7,500 fine.
The company has already done studies in humans that kept track of the psychological health of those on the drug and reported that people who took the drug showed no mental problems associated with it.
But antagonistic ideologies are not really an obstacle to cooperation, because, as it is, members of a Japanese political party may have no more of a common platform than people at an average American beer party.
Momentum has been juggled like a hot potato in this deadlocked playoff series between the Rangers, who entered it as the logical favorites, and the Canadiens, who entered it as underdogs with ample attitude.
The courts indicated that the state had an interest in insuring the reliability of death-penalty decisions.
On the plus side, some 150,000 Israeli tourists have passed through Jordan since October 1994, without a single untoward incident.
I wondered how I would feel when I reached an age when surfing -- the passion and anchor of my life -- has less than zero social cachet, even tends to raise a concerned chuckle.
China announced tonight that it would carry on large-scale military exercises off Taiwan through the presidential elections there, ignoring Taiwan's calls to end belligerent acts and resume a dialogue.
''The question we will now have to ask is whether what's good for Boeing is good for America's interests around the world,'' a senior State Department official said.
Ms. Springer is already raising funds to lead her group to renovate and build on 16 blocks of the Horace Mann Ambridge community between Broadway and Grant Streets, an area chosen as an enterprise zone by city officials.
There are a lot of places we're willing to play.''
A Disney spokeswoman said she would look into the matter.
Rut Miro, who represented the spirit of Amaya, entered in a skirt with a long train that extended almost all the way across the stage.
"The corruption, the conduct in general.
During his 32 years with J. W. Seligman, Mr. Brodsky acquired a reputation on Wall Street as an expert on stock-transfer taxation and securities-law compliance.
Mr. Lang, who is based in his native Austria, is looking for an apartment in New York and for boutique space.
To appreciate how large the rocket boosters are, a display compares the relative height of a person to the various space craft.
Most others, however, have just called on the Governor -- hoping she can help them secure the coveted passports to attend the final three games of college basketball's pre-eminent annual event, which will be played March 30 and April 1.
Dr. Modestus Lee, director of neonatology at United Hospital, was there to take over their care immediately.
We suspect that criticisms of evolutionary psychology are as vocal and as aggressive as those that were leveled against sociobiology in the 1970's.
The block's three sitcoms set in high schools -- ''Saved By the Bell,'' ''Hang Time'' and ''California Dreams'' -- do modestly well in the ratings.
The Japanese business is crucial to this generation of American designers.
From people's reaction, you would think there was a Beatles reunion taking place.
''This is a very good team,'' said Bill Walton, by no means an unbiased observer but also undeniably an expert on current talent as a broadcaster for NBC, Pacific-10, U.C.L.A.
Even with a modest pond, she added, one should expect snapping turtles.
"Can this be the same aluminum siding?"
As the passage continues, delineating the details of a farmer's life, we think we know what we're in for -- quiet, subtle stories, inhabited by characters with long memories.
Instead, I saw one of the two set down his briefcase and then drop his trousers.
But that appears unlikely, and not just because a blizzard prevented any negotiations today and leaves Monday's talks in some doubt.
In the spring children brought lilacs to school for the teacher's desk.
Lines like that, delivered with a sneer and a flash of her piercing blue eyes, have made Ms. Lawless, 28, a cult figure.
That was four years ago.
Last month, Justice Department officials in Washington rejected the Chancellor's move to suspend the board members and install trustees to run the district.
Throughout the system, there is a backlog of 51,000 work orders for a variety of maintenance problems.
About 10,000 of the approximately 65,000 registered competitive gymnasts in this nation are men.
Fedex wants work rule changes that it says will make pilots more productive, as well as more freedom in leasing non-company planes and crews in peak shipping periods.
Mr. Goldbaum, 38, is an equity trader at Schonfeld Securities in Manhattan.
She was until recently a law clerk to Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist.
Only when you smell the individual melon at its stem can you determine its true nature.
In his discussion, appended to the committee's report and intended, it says, for all Roman Catholics, the bishop also warned of the importance of balancing "the avoidance of serious risk" of AIDS by using a condom with the church's view that "it is not a proper means of education into adult sexuality."
But why would anyone want to take him for that salary if you can get him now as a free agent with the price going down?"
PEN Is Pondering" (Arts pages, Jan. 24): The measures being considered are more to attract expertise than money.
Despite all the second-guessing, the opera has tenaciously clung to the edges of the repertory, and it has been heard more often of late.
Mondays through Friday, 9 A.M. to 4 P.M. Rosedale Road, Conant Hall, Conant Gallery, Princeton.
If the outcome had been different, blacks would have been a majority on the board for the first time.
It is still subject to regulatory approval.
''No ball playing or Frisbees.''
On the other hand, the Trust for Public Land, a nationwide conservation organization commissioned the Vermont tax planning firm of Ad Hoc Associates to investigate the interrelationships of taxes, development and conservation in Connecticut.
Mrs. Gibbons, 26, is the administrator of the Impressionist and modern art department at Sotheby's in New York.
Fortunately, Leonard Slatkin is not among them.
WEST VIRGINIA - Announced that junior G Greg Simpson will make himself eligible for the NBA draft.
TAKIMA GONZALEZ, a high school senior here, grew up long before she wanted to.
And State Senator Ray Lesniak read a letter from President Clinton to festivalgoers before Mr. Dole's arrival.
But the ratings have less to do with their exertions than with a show's place in the network schedule and the intangibles that keep people tuned to one station rather than another or actually prompt them to switch channels.
The Nets' low mark is 68 points -- a record that seemed unbelievable to break for a team that had won two of its last three games.
The junior Mr. Bayh had worked as a law clerk, served as campaign aide to an unsuccessful Democratic nominee for governor in 1984 and practiced law with two firms before he made his first run for elective office in 1986, winning the post of Indiana Secretary of State.
Fourteen percent of the primary voters described themselves as independents, and 41 percent of them backed Mr. Forbes.
While this is his first bid for elected office, Dr. Klein has been active in many organizations.
This year's corn crop is expected to bounce back to normal, swelling by 27 percent over last year's level, to 9.4 billion bushels, according to the Department of Agriculture.
Easy," Solomon Burke kept saying to calm himself and his band on Saturday night at Avery Fisher Hall as he sang the smooth love testimonials that earned him the nickname King of Rock and Soul in the 1960's.
"Since I do not play very well," he said, "it takes a long time."
And that, said Gary C. Hufbauer of the Institute for International Economics in Washington, "could blow a huge hole in the Uruguay agreements."
If health economists can't get their research findings across to physicians and other economists, Mr. Fuchs asks, what chance do they have to influence politicians and voters?
By Laura Silber and Allan Little.
Viewers familiar with the Hudson River School painter George Inness's mystical bent, might see in them a reflection of Inness's belief that the world we see is a pale copy of another, permanent world beyond this one.
"We still hold the stock and we're very pleased with their management," he added.
Even finding a group of nomads who would take her along was full of trials and errors: one group turned her down because the women thought she was a man in drag, though it is hard to imagine how they could have thought that.
But as he stood in a T.W.A.
Two other free choral events are scheduled next Sunday afternoon.
Some say only a few vulnerable people are affected by depictions of violence.
As a recent high school graduate and an extremely frugal traveler, I am looking for respectable accommodations for $35 or less.
But prices are high in cities like Vorkuta.
Despite being all low in fat, cholesterol, sodium and calories, the dishes look spectacularly delicious in the book's lavish photographs.
When they saw the bombing, she said, "we felt as if it happened in our own country.
An eighth company, DuPont Merck, a joint venture of Merck & Company and E.I.
They convey an active, outdoorsy image to their owners.
His first impulse is to try to deflect or sound-bite his way out of problems, rather than really opening his mind to evolving realities.
Is Cardinal Bernardin troubled by any disappointments?
"Employees who change jobs or lose their jobs shouldn't lose their health insurance, too," he said.
That's what I -- if I have brought anything to the Presidency I think that is special, I think I do have a feel for how all these issues fit together and why.
The man at the piano is playing Irving Berlin's ''What'll I Do,'' while the waitresses, wearing tan blazers and little black bow ties, serve up Cosmopolitans in tall martini glasses.
Clarence Weatherspoon led the 76ers with 24.
It has always been second in importance in to the Maoist Shining Path, and even at its height had fewer than 1,000 fighters.
"What I've told these guys was that someone's got to step up every day and do it," said Coach John Calipari.
This applies to clergymen, trial lawyers, auctioneers and politicians, for example.
Citing a stream of reports, letters and minutes of meetings dating as far back as 1978, Superior Court Judge Francis Allen ruled last year that the town had deliberately refused to solve local pollution problems and ordered the town to comply with D.E.P.
''He's artsy, driven, hip, good-looking, and he plays tennis really well.''
She made 1,000 a day and was so fast, and the knodels so perfectly shaped, that she was briefly pigeonholed as the Great Knodel Maker, the same woman who six years before had been afraid of chow mein and would order takeout food rather than walk into a restaurant.
For 1996, though, even if there are enough older chassis to fill a 33-car lineup, spare parts and engines may be in short supply as the end of May approaches.
Since a major budget reduction in 1992, the budget of New York City's Department of Cultural Affairs has held fairly steady, but its grants to small theaters tend to be in the $5,000 range -- not enough to enable any theater to survive.
Bald eagles were catching the wind currents, and a black-footed albatross scavenged along the beach.
When Oquendo, for example, signed his $8.5 million contract in February 1991, he had been a regular infielder for three seasons, averaging 156 games.
Victor Gomez, a former currency trader for the Chemical Banking Corporation, has been indicted on Federal charges related to the bank's loss of $70 million from unauthorized trading of the Mexican peso, prosecutors said yesterday.
Then, it told neighbors who fed Mr. Gallagher during his homelessness and pleaded that he be helped that his case was closed.
There was no indication who made the concession that broke the deadlock on Monday night.
But some 9-year-old would still be waiting for the ball.
S.B.C., Switzerland's third-largest bank, said the reorganization would lead to a loss of about $1.53 billion this year but would increase profits in 1997.
Brown dunked over him in a scrimmage and then performed a Deion Sanders celebration dance.
"America -- we urgently call upon God Almighty to destroy its economy and society, to transform its states into countries and turn them against each other and to make it an example to all nations."
Some Republicans were so surprised to see the reserved Mr. Dole in a sultry pose, they assumed it must have been taken by the kind of telephoto lens that caught Princess Fergie having her toes nibbled.
"I feel like getting on the receiving line myself," he said, receiving kisses from women who cherish him as they do their interior decorators and couturiers.
Far from a turning point, the assassination of the soldier of peace at the hands of a religious nationalist remains a searing symbol of the divisions in Israeli society -- and, perhaps, an augury of violence to come.
Small, president and chief executive officer of Fairmont and former executive vice president of Disney resorts.
Though "Dolly" in this incarnation had received great reviews in New York, it had not drawn great houses; this run was petering out after merely 14 weeks.
''There are plenty of reasons to buy the dollar.''
Hate leads to violence, and violence leads to retaliation and ultimately to community unrest."
Younger students, part of another group, enter the gallery.
Wallace is intentionally vague on this period of his life, and what he divulges sometimes contradicts the recollections of friends.
''Getting all the banks to agree with this is going to be quite a task,'' he added.
At Salomon Brothers, pretax income increased more than sixfold, to $368 million, from $60 million in last year's first quarter.
A lieutenant responded: "Your allegations of harassment by the supervisor are unfounded."
In late trading in New York yesterday, the dollar fell to 1.5015 marks from 1.5103 marks on Friday.
7 in F. When Telemann left room for decoration and showmanship, Ms. Verbruggen supplied it with taste and agility, and she found a measure of wit in the music that eludes too many Telemann interpreters.
I don't like it, but I accept it.
The measure is particularly popular in California, where Gov.
Boris Preti of Italy withdrew from the competition after injuring his right knee during vault warm-ups.
Senior House Republicans thought the bill was so important that they delayed a vote on sweeping health-insurance legislation to discuss for six hours something no one disputes: that English is the main language of commerce, government and everyday life in this country.
The police arrested 30 leading Kurdish party officials at the end of a party convention on Sunday night and then battled pro-Kurdish protesters today in a confrontation that left 80 people injured.
Mr. Sanders said he was working with several large tenants who want to sign short-term leases "while they test the water."
But over time I realized that preferences created with the best of intentions were dividing America, instead of bringing us or bringing them together.
Running in Place How Bill Clinton Disappointed America.
A few Orange County residents jeered after her name was called out, and fellow contestants complained that Ms. Goldsby, as a pageant veteran, had known special tricks, like using hair spray to make her swimsuit cling.
It grew out of a composer's fascination with church polyphony and plainchant.
With the talent we had coming back, I knew we could get back to the World Series.
29 Horse racing: Travers Stakes preview 31 Tennis: Pat Cash tries to qualify for United States Open.
But the company was counting on a profit -- and the board's support of controversial measures to make it.
It has been in place for about two weeks and has cost more than $100,000 to install and to run, said Reinhard Maiworm, the director of the program department at Goethe House.
Senators Kassebaum and Kennedy have vowed to resist amendments to their bill, including proposals for medical savings accounts and limits on malpractice suits.
Two companies that operate freighters carrying more than 12 passengers are Ivaran Line (see article on page 12) and Curnow Shipping Limited, whose 128-passenger St. Helena offers transportation between Cardiff and St. Helena, where Napoleon spent his final exile.
Nevertheless, Mr. Rashid, a former Atlantic City cabdriver who emigrated from Pakistan in 1990, scrapped his $4,000 Taj Mahal sign and is having a replacement designed with the restaurant's new name, Mehfil.
''I just walked into his office and said, 'I'm going to convince you about group selection,' '' Dr. Wilson recalls.
EXTRA POINTS While the Giants were trying to keep their final cuts quiet, word was beginning to leak out on Saturday night, and it looked as if no big names would be released.
''Jim has a very open attitude, and a lot of people were able to develop their work there,'' said Ms. Monk, who lives and works a few floors above.
Then we go in and bail them out.
Court officials said that a change in blood pressure medication led to the illness, adding that there was no connection to the photographs.
The Hilton Hotels Corporation bought Bally earlier this month for $29.29 a share, or $3 billion in stock and assumed debt.
The last couple of years have been better than the early 90's.
By the end of the day, the military had at least temporarily given up trying to control the flood of people, who defiantly refused to press on to Rwanda.
They may have been picked up by a woman in a waiting car, the authorities said.
The recent conflict in eastern Zaire, which ended in the capture by rebels of the capitals of Zaire's North and South Kivu provinces, came after Zaire announced last month that it intended to expel all the Banyamulenge, or ethnic Tutsi who had long resided in Zaire, from South Kivu.
Moreover, said Gitta Sereny, a British writer in London who published a new study of the Nazi leader Albert Speer last year, it is still unclear whether the British knew ''that the killings which began in July 1941 were the start of the genocide of all European Jewry and the systematic elimination by murder of Eastern Europe's non-Jewish cultural elite.''
But we helped a really good Louisiana Tech team do what they wanted to do to us.''
Tomorrow at 7:30 P.M. Free.
William H. Gates 3d, the chairman of Microsoft, said MCI would help Microsoft as it tried to build the Microsoft Network into a on-line service rivaling America Online or Prodigy.
A royal portrait of a not-so-courtly subject: the vulgar, self-centered and promiscuous consort of Britain's George IV (who was just as wayward as she was but got away with it).
If the jury convicts him, prosecutors say they will seek a 15- to 17-year term.
In Albany, three competing school reform bills have been introduced in the State Legislature, but they are likely to do little better in freeing up the schools.
"I wish I could say, 'Well, Ron Guidry had this in 1978 and it took him two months.'
Like every Democratic President since Woodrow Wilson, Mr. Clinton favors an activist Government.
The day largely went against Mr. Simpson, although the judge said his lawyers could argue that specific items of evidence held in the police department's crime laboratory may have been contaminated.
''We are not even sure all of the children were even ever enrolled,'' said one school official.
Empire has raised rates on those policies several times in recent years, trying to stem large losses and encourage individual and small group policyholders to switch to managed care plans.
"I like the cultural diversity in his Cabinet.
Dash longs for a full chord.
(Currently, Bloomberg leases what little access it has from other channels; TV Land has no local distribution.)
This is not a reasonable request."
To save her life, Ana must sign a paper saying that the fugitive, who has already been executed, threatened her with a gun.
In an interview, which he kept brief, at his home, Dr. Lothringer defended his treatment, saying that the girl herself wanted to go off her medication.
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani: A perpetual campaign, to preserve his kinder, gentler persona.
Jack Meador, 77, of Whitewright, Tex., and Jane Meador Cook, 63, of Mesquite, Tex., the heirs and siblings of Lieut.
Besides a Jack Yeats retrospective, there's something called ''Heroic Painting,'' which, though one of the most bizarre affairs to come down the pike in a while, is also somehow riveting.
Niggerization is doomed to fail in the long run.
Bayerische Hypotheken und Wechsel Bank A.G.. informally known as Hypo Bank, said yesterday that its operating profit before risk provisions rose 30.5 percent in the first quarter of 1996.
The United Nations mission here is scheduled to end June 30, and it is not yet clear whether Chinese and Russian opposition to an extension can be overcome.
When Davenport whined about how rough it was to carry the extra load, the trainer removed it but requested that she remember just how liberating it felt when 10 pounds vanished from each leg.
Visitors to a small mining town in Nevada encounter terrifying forces.
He has sculptured the hair, real and otherwise, of models like Linda Evangelista, Nikki Taylor and Bridget Hall, and of performers like Courtney Love.
''There are a lot of questions about it.''
"Brew pubs opened at a rate of about five per week last year," said Jim Neighbors, the administrator of the brewing studies institute.
"There's light at the beginning of this tunnel," explained David M. Cutler, an economist at Harvard.
She studied at the Washington Square College of New York University while being paid for grading papers and exams at the education school at New York University.
We'd be putting a barrier up that's artificial.
Once I got here we decided to concentrate on the humanities, cultural studies, go with our strengths.
It categorizes its donors with quirky names: Perpetual Supporter ($10,000 -- Marlon Brando has long been one of those); Angelic ($5,000); Maniacal ($1,000); Munificent ($250); Sustaining ($100); Retaining ($50).
Politicians close to him indicate that he was upset when Ehud Barak, at this stage the apparent front-runner, held a big news conference last week to announce his candidacy.
"It's so much more profitable with so much less money," he said.
The reason, County Executive James W. Treffinger said yesterday, is a recent change that is saving the county $2.1 million a year.
Lehman heard it all happening.
The main market index rose 77.12 points, or 2.32 percent, to close at 3,401.79.
They were reassigned to schools in the middle of the school year.
A spokesman for Mr. Weld said the Governor's campaign was not fazed by her late entry.
The meeting between Mr. Peres and Mr. Arafat was held at the entry to the Gaza Strip after the Israeli Government infuriated Mr. Arafat by delaying permission for him to fly to Ramallah, in the West Bank, in his helicopter.
A. I went to Budapest thinking that these people don't know how the drive for profitability works.
"We are an E-mail-run company," said Michael Murray, vice president for human resources and administration at Microsoft.
The Clinton Administration has condemned it as a cynical hoax, the Republican Presidential candidate, Bob Dole, has denounced it as dangerous, and in a letter released today, former Presidents George Bush, Gerald R. Ford and Jimmy Carter call it a threat to the public health of ''all Americans.''
Just 15 runners, all men, entered the first Boston Marathon in 1897.
"They might want more span to the core and more room for mechanical systems, but the buildings are reasonably up to date."
In comparison with Brandy's soft delivery of the spare, lovelorn lyrics written by Babyface, L. L. Cool J sounds stupid when he comes swaggering into the song with corny lines like "Waiting to exhale collapses lungs."
It harks back to McLuhan's influential theories about media in the 1960's: his proclamation of the obsolescence of linear thinking and the written word, his insistence that the medium was more important than the message.
Under an agreement, B.A.T and its Brown & Williamson subsidiary agreed to sell several discount cigarette brands and a manufacturing plant.
East won with the ace in this position: $(DIAGRAM$) East carefully cashed his club ten, on which West threw the spade nine.
When he won that Western Open back in 1991, Cochran was the beneficiary of a collapse by Greg Norman, who blew a five-stroke lead with eight to play.
That new agenda was crystallized in former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres's vision of a ''new Middle East,'' in which Arab-Israeli and Arab-Arab economic development and cooperation would replace confrontation.
Special teams set up your hopes on both sides of the ball.
"It never occurred to me that I couldn't go on working forever," she said.
You feel a mild hit on your toe.
The symbols of the sweat lodge continue to sustain him.
Fannie Mae has a $207,000 mortgage limit on a single-family house.
"I was just throwing the ball over the plate because I didn't want to walk them," Henry said.
The PSION SERIES 3A is the Jaguar XKE of electronic organizers.
Among the fund's holdings are McDonald's and Coca-Cola.
Without Maeda, the Japanese started poorly on rings and finished the compulsories in eighth.
Judge Reinhardt brushed that argument aside, concluding that the workers at issue should enjoy those benefits because the company had agreed that those benefit plans should apply to all of its common law employees.
For one thing, it was the first time that the Russian Coal Workers Union, which represents management as well as workers, has thrown its weight behind a strike, underscoring the depth of the discontent in mining regions.
''He wanted that person to agree who he said was at the dinner,'' Dalis said.
''We sort of knew how to deal with Peres, we knew what he wanted from us and what we were going to get,'' said Mrs. Dweikat.
The top-seeded Florida team of Stephanie Nickitas and Dawn Buth beat Farley Taylor and Cristina Moros of Texas, 6-1, 6-3, to claim the doubles title.
It was a difficult putting day -- he three-putted the 18th hole from 12 feet, missing a 3-footer for par -- but he struck the ball as well as he has all week.
I got my first sense of the problem's scale five years ago on a reporting trip to Charlotte, N.C., which as a midsize Southern city is no one's idea of an unaffordable place to live.
Produced by Dorothea G. Petrie Productions in association with Jaylar Productions; a presentation of Hallmark Entertainment.
Lacks says the board has tried to justify the dismissal with a policy that applies only to student misbehavior, not teaching.
20 Television: ''Bastard Out of Carolina.''
Mr. Schutzman gave as an example a $375,000 house in Great Neck, L.I., that had been insured with a $500 deductible and a premium of $1,200; the premium increased to $4,300, with a $14,000 deductible for windstorm damage after the original insurer refused to renew the policy.
Catching such moments in the midst of these conventions is like going on a scavenger hunt with your remote control.
The sole image is of a peak-roofed Torah shrine, its scrolls neatly arranged on shelves, flanked by two menorahs.
Each group was inordinately proud of its accomplishments," she said.
On vacation after vacation, across nearly a quarter-century, he had managed to injure himself in the most bizarre way possible.
''This is being driven by strategic necessity, not by price.''
Yesterday, he was more introspective about his sometimes combative style.
Open Saturday through Tuesday, 11 A.M. to 6 P.M.; Thursday and Friday, noon to 8:30 P.M.
''What we are talking about are pardons that are being promised with an eye toward the future,'' Ms. Martin said.
On the other hand, in the post-modern era the military may represent the only institution whose story line has not changed.
"They're just my version of how I feel."
"We spend enough of your money, and we get enough in taxes."
That doesn't mean they won't try.
It was the first European trophy for Paris-St. Germain, which has reached a European semifinal four years in a row.
"I've been blessed with a talent that I've been able to let surface over 14 years in the big leagues," Boggs said, shrugging.
"If the Serbs are allowed to vote in Srebrenica they will elect a Serb Mayor and a Serb city council.
The nine states, which filed the request together, are Hawaii, Iowa, Kansas, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, North Dakota, Rhode Island and Vermont.
Two batters later, Surhoff hit his sixth homer.
diesel-locomotive and armored-vehicle factory in London, Ontario, are also expected to walk out.
He was no more nervous than anyone else.
The inner child is transmogrifying into the inner A.A.R.P.
Success, as abrupt and electric as a summer thunderstorm, enveloped the music group TLC five years ago and shows no sign of ending.
With one out and Bogar on first, Lance Johnson hit what looked to be a routine fly to right field.
The company cited slower-than-expected orders from supermarkets and the effects of Hurricane Hortense on a factory in Puerto Rico.
For two hours I turn the dusty pages, trying to make sense of what is by any standards an odd mix.
She is survived by two sons, Charles H., of Pottersville, N.J., and Perry S. 3d, of Bernardsville, N.J.; a daughter, Esther B. Wilkens of Darien, Conn.; a sister, Anne H. Boynton of Stonington, Conn., and eight grandchildren.
we begged our driver, who was too shy to honk until we were almost on the dock.
To say that the more than 300 pictures reproduced in the book's 492 pages just barely manage to convey Ms. Goldin's talent is no overstatement; her work needs to be seen in bulk to be appreciated.
A week ago, the bond market was roiled by an employment report showing unexpected strength.
Profits in 1995 were bolstered by a more than tenfold jump in earnings from trading on the bank's own account, while provisions for risky investments fell.
Thoughtfully, and at times emotionally, David detailed the life history of his 54-year-old brother and cast new light on the suspect's personality, mental problems and troubled relationships, on the evolution of his ideas and even on the sources of money that allowed him to travel around the country.
I knew if I tried to push, it would probably catch up to me.
But the Patriots relinquished their rights to him several days later after protests from women's groups, acknowledging that they had not done their homework sufficiently, although Peter's troubled past was common knowledge in the National Football League.
She is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Farbman of Sarasota, Fla.
"They're spending 35 minutes of their day sitting in an auditorium for us to prepare them to go home and ask their parents to participate in a sale," Mr. Seluga said afterward, with some bitterness.
But the State Health Department cleared the ambulance service, saying the tube was properly placed, but later dislodged, and did not contribute to the man's death.
They offer compelling testimony to the abiding obsessions and evolving craftsmanship of a man who ranks, with David Mamet and August Wilson, as one of the great American dramatists of his generation.
In the latest New York Times/CBS News Poll, 36 percent of 1,257 respondents said they believed that the Republican Congressional program would be good; 32 percent labeled it bad.
Tight budgets, advanced technologies and the end of the cold war are at last bringing some sanity to the way the Pentagon buys new weapons systems.
Interneuron Pharmaceutical Inc. fell 1 1/8, to 24 1/2.
Mr. Malito "has always been known as Al's guy, and these days, that helps bring in business," said a Republican Assemblyman from Long Island, who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
When he was not on his Slim-Fast liquid diet, Nicholas L. Bissell Jr. would occasionally leave his office here for lunch, with his aides in tow.
Carl O. Snowden, chairman of the Annapolis Economic Matters Committee, said he expects the City Council to approve up to $10,000 next month for a feasibility study.
Mitsubishi Motors' shares were unchanged in trading today at 917 yen.
But they do maybe 100 or 120 bypass operations a year.
One, Lindsey Curtis, 11, said: ''The voices were exciting.
The articles said that Mr. Sprague "was partly responsible for deciding not to prosecute" the son of former state police commissioner, Rocco Urella Sr., who had been connected with a 1963 homicide.
Inside, the architectural firm of Greene & Greene, pursuing an esthetic of artisanship and ''honest'' materials, designed built-in mahogany cabinets, a polished steel fireplace with inlaid copper and brass, and amber-glass lighting fixtures.
And toward the end, Cassim's search for a vanishing island with limitless treasure is visually murky and slow enough to make children restless.
single up the middle after the reliever had failed to record an out in three at-bats, one a walk to Ray Durham, who had gone to the plate attempting to sacrifice.
But if you drink the wine with juicy beef, the tannins will be neutralized, heightening the upfront plush fruit.
Mr. Rosenthal has had many discussions with artists of today on the subject, and it is obvious by the number of contemporary works in the show that he believes abstraction is still alive and well.
He harkened back to his only other Game 3 in a Series, one played for the 1986 Mets, a team that survived its initial two-game stumble to overcome the Boston Red Sox in seven games.
Steve Eldridge, assistant director of operations for a traffic reporting service, Metro Networks Inc. called the city's snow-removal efforts "abysmal" and estimated that up to 60 percent of the streets were still blocked and that many commuters' trips into the city took up to three times the average.
Still, while the flow of Federal, state and city dollars into low-income housing has slowed substantially, it has not stopped altogether.
Mr. Rodgers was later hired by Cecil B. DeMille to design the costumes for his 1934 film "Cleopatra," and this led to a number of positions designing costumes for Hollywood productions.
The Zia Government, which came to power in closely contested elections under a caretaker administration in 1991, followed 15 years of military rule.
Yet it is one of the book's flaws that Mr. Dewey is vague about sources.
The Getty's future home, a $750 million extravaganza designed by Richard Meier for a hilltop in Brentwood, is now to open next year, though who really knows, considering all the delays and cost overruns in the dozen-year-old project?
There is no other alternative, no form that has equal claim."
Thus the parade became the ''biggest and best ever;'' the team the ''classiest.''
She was then bypassed in favor of the 13-year-old Tara Lipinski for a place in the coming world championships.
Newspapers report that, Mr. Clinton claims as Commander in Chief he is covered under the Soldiers and Sailors Relief Act of 1940, which grants automatic delays in lawsuits against military personnel until their active duty is over.
There is no money for cakes for the children, or newspapers, or occasional trips to the movie theaters in nearby Yessentuki.
To elevate it as such would make its reports and documents subject to outside review.
They complained that the older models were scarcely worth making because they were hard to sell, particularly as G.M.
He was born Karl Kehrle on Aug. 3, 1898, in the Wurttemberg region of Germany.
Behind the Governor's ambivalence were polls showing that Montanans opposed the mine by almost 2 to 1.
I decided it was the latter, which only made my performance more frustrating.
says Jason, a wired boy with a shaved head and skinny body that give the impression of a drumstick.
What's at stake is nothing less than the constitutional guarantee of freedom of the press.
Instead, they found he was carrying enough marijuana to be charged with a felony.
Lesser men have fallen trying to conquer Elaine Stritch, but not Mr. Gutierrez.
During the Bosnian war, Greek companies shipped oil to the Bosnian Serbs and to Serbian-dominated Yugoslavia, in violation of the United Nations economic embargo.
''Florencia,'' a lavish love story adapted from a tale by Gabriel Garcia Marquez, may be the largest international splash by a Mexican operatic composer.
But we'll get the rest of that tax relief.
Most of these families end up feeling they have received more than they have given.
"Build it and they will come."
In trading in New York late yesterday, the dollar settled at 1.5200 marks, up from 1.5163 on Wednesday.
In a noted row with Universal, the distributor, Mr. Gilliam shortened the film as required but balked when asked to provide a happy, or happier, ending.
Its economic base, the Federal Government, is not going to move.
Now, finally, it all appears to be over.
"I don't like doing things half way because it feels really good when you accomplish something," she said.
The Knicks ended up reacquiring him by claiming him off waivers.
Would-be voters in yesterday's primary were turned away from scores of polling places in Brooklyn because voting machines were delivered too late, raising the prospect that the results would be challenged.
Although Bryan has been living with the Pullaros for a year now, and is doing well, he has neurofibromatosis (a genetic condition of tumor development), and the adoption remains in limbo until Massachusetts agrees to cover medical expenses (support has been denied by Connecticut).
He also served in the Office of Naval Intelligence.
The defeat in the second game was the first for the Reds in five doubleheaders this season.
To the Editor: Creating a sports authority to finance a new ball park for the New York Yankees (news article, March 28) would only be a smokescreen to insulate Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and Gov.
That brought its gain for the week to eight-tenths of 1 percent, despite sharp slides on Monday and Tuesday.
In my opinion, we should let the special prosecutor do his work and don't second-guess him.''
Even reducing the amount of salt in the diet is increasingly in question.
There are more than a few people here distraught over the troubles that have befallen the man celebrated in a banner over Main Street as ''Our Hometown Hero.''
Crenshaw was watching Daly putt and noticed that Daly's stroke was similar to his own.
"I want it to be that all the people in the world can press a button and be on the Internet," she said.
That was a departure for the computer giant, where software had long been seen primarily as a vehicle for selling hardware.
"The transfer of the F-16 aircraft to Jordan will contribute to Jordanian security, as well as to the security in the entire region, and further the commitment made by the United States to support Jordan's efforts to further the Middle East peace process," Mr. Clinton said in a letter to the House Speaker, Newt Gingrich.
''What it does is rely on consumer insights to get smart about our clients' business before we put pen to paper,'' Mr. Lawner said, ''to understand the emotional and the rational sides of a business.''
reform package does not pre-empt "important state labeling laws," such as freshness dating, unit pricing and kosher labeling.
The 30,000 office-building maintenance workers who have taken to the streets say they mainly fear that a lower starting salary will encourage management to get rid of the higher-paid current workers and replace them with lower-paid newcomers.
But this film's also-ran aspects are partly offset by Gene Hackman's superlative performance as a wily old racist whose grandson is determined to save him from execution.
But,'' he adds darkly, ''this confusion is part of a much larger mental health problem.
With some alteration, the Bay Street Theater in Sag Harbor is combining the major piece, once meant to fill an evening all its own, with a curtain-raiser ''Come Into the Garden, Maud.''
Visa has sued American Express before, accusing it of infringing on its sponsorship of the Olympics.
''We have been selling art all along over the years,'' Mr. Ader said this week.
But Mr. Peck and other analysts were quick to point out that Intel's results simply proved how strong its near-monopoly position had become in PC microprocessors and did not necessarily represent good tidings for other technology companies.
Mr. Koolhaas takes a more analytic approach.
And yet, a few paragraphs earlier, she acknowledges that every woman in the Senate, with the exception of Carol Moseley-Braun, voted for the Republican plan to cut welfare benefits.
In the last six months, scores of Tutsi who survived the genocide in 1994 have been killed by Hutu supremacists who sneak over the border from refugee camps run by the United Nations in eastern Zaire, United Nations investigators say.
This group includes the 15 European Union nations, plus Norway, Iceland and Lichtenstein.
He said he did not know what had motivated the attack, adding, ''I'm afraid that the decision to go back to Chechnya will be a very difficult one.''
Schott's answers came when Paolantonio prompted her to defend her continued possession of a Nazi swastika armband.
Ms. Stockert is the personal shopper for F.A.O.
THE ESSENTIAL GOMBRICH: Selected Writings on Art and Culture.
To the Editor: You are right (editorial, Oct. 22) in urging President Clinton to order a full public report on the activities of John Huang, the main link in Asian contributions.
Issuing more currency just brought on more inflation, and eventually the Government decided to abrogate its contracts.
''We're the winners,'' she said, exulting to Roland, while suggesting that Atlanta fans stock up on tissues.
With nonpayment of state salaries stretching into summer, the portion of this province's 2.3 million people who earn less than the official poverty level has increased to 46 percent, from 36 percent in January.
KNOWING WHEN TO STOP: A Memoir By Ned Rorem.
In the end, some observers suggested that Mr. Ovitz's departure might actually help Disney.
"Even with the ice bags and all, I think I jumped pretty high when I saw that."
The gated communities in the Sierra foothills have been able to keep most strangers out of their cloistered cul de sacs.
"It almost doesn't matter what band it is, the kids want to get out there and move around."
And as long as we gel, the sky's the limit."
Most of the city's dozen casinos have been cooperative in reserving the 2,000 hotel rooms required.
Poems and drawings, for children and grown-ups, celebrating strange characters and experiences.
You hate to say goodbye, but we're in total rebuild.
He's willing to become the strong-arm man for a beautiful cattle owner in distress.
As a result, it owns more technology and health care stocks and fewer financial and utility stocks than the index.
Mr. Locke was elected governor of a state with an Asian-American population that makes up only about 4 percent of the state's 5.5 million people.
The repertory encompasses both sacred and secular carols with additional descants composed by Mr. Halley, and Elizabeth Allyn accompanying at the organ (860-542-1542).
''Virginia is keeping its head,'' Mr. Warner said.
"People are interested in body building, training for marathons and other sports.
I spent several minutes using a small pair of tweezers to fill tiny holes with headless nails.
Ten minutes later, the women couldn't stop interrupting one another.
The company's dancing ''is about men and women's relationship with nature, and the African Diaspora,'' he says.
The Japanese dishes held their own with the Chinese.
''The great thing about Mike is that he can still annoy people,'' said Timothy Spall, who plays Cynthia's photographer-brother, Maurice, in ''Secrets and Lies.''
But he has said previously that he is furious about the Nazi comments.
SLAM, DUNK No celebration of Black History Month would be complete without an annual appearance by the Harlem Globetrotters.
Standing at the nation's metaphorical heart, it could be, in Mr. Cardinal's words, ''a place of forgiveness, of survival and rebirth, of looking at the world anew.''
From the sofa in her living room, looking out across the deck to dense trees clinging to the steep Ozark terrain, she called it ''a nice place where I can raise my girls without being scared.''
He helped them with their homework, took them to ball games, took the boy to karate shows, and walked with them to Highland Park, where the police say four of his victims were shot.
Also, the Government cut its figure for January's gain in housing starts to 1.5 percent from the initial estimate of 4.4 percent.
Ms. Orbach said she was influenced by her time in the United States.
Moreover, he said, most auctions require a cash or certified check deposit after a successful bid -- usually, 10 percent of the sale price -- with the balance to be paid shortly thereafter, usually within 30 days.
But Friday night, Johnson said his back felt ''a little achy'' and ''maybe it's telling me I'm not ready to start yet.''
This also enabled North Carolina's midfielders, led by the playmaking of the star freshman Laurie Schwoy, to deny their Notre Dame counterparts.
There were a couple of daytime surprises.
If the complainant starved to death without the accused offering to settle the dispute, he had to compensate the dead man's family.
The growth of government support for services provided by religious institutions has partly been deliberate and partly coincidental.
Music will be provided by a disk jockey, and the price includes a buffet of hot and cold hors d'oeuvres, dessert, tea and coffee.
It is stripped down -- no bells, no whistles.
He graduated from Colby College and received a law degree from George Washington University.
I read the newspapers, unfortunately, and I'm aware of the vast unrest.
The finest result by a player without international credentials was that of Boris Kreiman, a 20-year-old national master from Brooklyn.
Prosecutors said that a Mafia-controlled cartel overseeing the $1.5 billion-a-year industry had long inflated trash-removal costs by up to 40 percent for virtually every business, hospital, university and private school in New York.
Piercing to the factual heart of such claims is particularly difficult on Wall Street, where discrimination cases are heard not in the open forum of a courthouse, but in the closed-door proceedings of security-industry arbitration panels.
Construction on the first phase is to begin in September and occupancy is expected by next spring, he said.
And her best paintings -- of the late 1940's and early 50's -- have a vibrancy and elegance all their own.
Since October, outsiders have bought five units and three more are in contract, said Joan Garvin, a corporate loan officer for a bank who is the president of the co-op board.
Most of the evidence has pointed to the other men, Ramzi Ahmed Yousef and Abdul Hakim Murad, who prosecutors say used Manila as the base to prepare for attacks on a dozen jetliners early last year.
With Alex Kingston as Moll.
The bride, 31, is the graphic manager of the Margo Feiden Galleries in New York, which is operated by her cousin.
In addition to his son Steven, his is survived by his wife, Betty Jane; two other sons, Josh, of Newtown, Conn., and Treat, of Toronto, and a sister, Louise, of New Hartford, Conn.
Henry James's "Washington Square" - about a vulnerable maiden, her steely father and a fortune-hunter - reached Broadway as THE HEIRESS, adapted by Ruth and Augustus Goetz.
By 1978, Town Hall had only $5 in its bank account.
The documents may not play as effectively -- or at all -- now that tobacco lawyers have seen Wilner use them in court.
Its central metaphor, as the title suggests, is pornography.
''The proof must be in the record,'' Judge Duffy said, referring to more than 4,000 pages of trial transcripts.
Now at twenty, little Girtie is in the talkies earning $35,000 a week.
At EMI Classics, we know that, contrary to Allan Kozinn's assertion, classical music and its ''industry'' are far from dead.
The newspaper accounts include references to killing, kidnapping, the use of drug world figures as mercenaries and the purchase of guns in South Africa, all in the fight against the armed Basque separatist group known by the initials E.T.A., which stands for Basque Homeland and Freedom in the Basque language.
"All you death wish addicts, you corrupters of truth/You killers of the spirit, you marauders of youth/Get your hands in the air," Mr. Seger sang on Wednesday night at Madison Square Garden.
The checkup should be performed by a doctor or a specially trained registered nurse or doctor's assistant and should include a personal and family history and a physical examination to identify or find clues to problems known to cause sudden cardiac death.
"When they say half-hourly service, you go there not expecting that the trains that show up every half hour are going to go by you without stopping," said Beverly J. Dolinsky, a nonvoting member of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority board, representing a coalition of riders' groups.
How much consciousness of our own death can we bear?
Ulysses Coleman, who is 33 but nurses his obsession like a teen-ager, arrived at the Fulton Mall yesterday morning with blue bedroom slippers on his feet and a quarter wedged in his right ear.
In percent *Estimated daily average, source Telerate**Municipal Bond Index, The Bond BuyerSalomon Brothers and Telerate for Treasury's bellwether bonds, notes and bills
"She tasted the man's food and then she gave her nod of approval," one executive who witnessed the scene said.
"Six months and a $1,000 fine is not acceptable.
One station, with four sewing machines from treadle to electric, is set up as a tribute to industrial Bridgeport and to Elias Howe, the Bridgeport resident who invented the sewing machine.
A black record store owner in Harlem whose lease battle with a Jewish businessman prompted protests that led to a deadly arson fire has been offered a new lease in the same building.
Eagerly, several of the 80 kampers chimed in with an answer: ''You gut him!''
"I put the question differently.
Over the last four years, Americans have watched him jog around Washington in shorts, indulge his appetite for doughnuts, even reveal his taste in underwear.
Olivia Cole, who had never pitched a full game, took the mound in her place.
Last week's Federal court ruling, just affirmed on appeal, let about half the field into the race.
They concede that elections for board members draw such a woeful turnout that this year, only 5 percent of the eligible voters cast ballots.
Shortly after I had begun to openly lament the absence of the dolphins, a pair appeared as we rounded one of the final bends.
Company officials expect the acquisition to gain shareholder and regulatory approval and the deal is expected to close early in 1997.
"It's a good question, but I can't answer it," he said.
"Later I learned that show business is about entertaining," he says.
A number of health professionals are troubled by these new marketing ploys.
We don't know what he was looking at."
Put the snapper in the pan and lay 4 mint leaves over each fillet.
"I feel like I work for them."
'' Dave Herman, the offensive lineman who handled Bubba Smith in the Super Bowl victory, said: ''I was at a card-signing show recently and people started to ask me about the old days.
As a youngster he traveled extensively in Europe and acquired a working knowledge of French, German and Spanish.
The problem was not Venezuelan law, he said, but environmental officials.
He said Promesa was willing to negotiate repayment of the remaining $100,000, but only if the city acknowledges that the $189,000 was properly spent.
St. John's was atrocious from the field (29 percent in the first half) and sluggish around the basket.
Still, were Covent Garden's temporary homelessness its only hiccup, it might be seen as a small price to pay for returning to a glittering palace in 1999.
The same will probably happen as the time nears to draw new district lines and eliminate a position.
He said he had received a one-page letter expressing Sextant's interest, on behalf of a client, in making a proposal to shareholders in the range of $1 billion.
Amend, unless he is found guilty of serious offense.
As the Brewers' president, Selig had a conflict of interest that reared its ugly head in the controversial trade of damaged players between the Yankees and the Brewers that is now in arbitration.
He has hired friends whom he initially introduced to the industry and who have been successful in their own right.
But before the Yankees could raise the curtain on that showdown, they first had to complete the out-of-town tryouts in which they used Detroit and Toronto much the way Broadway producers use New Haven and Boston for final rehearsals and last-minute casting.
"My son is now 9, and I don't want him thinking a tattoo is cool.
For elderly homeowners on limited incomes, however, the equity may represent the difference between continued independence or reliance on their children's generosity.
Investors buy precious metals during times of economic instability because their price remains fairly constant.
That is bad public policy.
The second half of the program consisted of Bach's great motet "Jesu, Meine Freude," again with continuo accompaniment.
If you want something else, you should go through proper channels."
Further afield, the American efforts to build pressure on Iran -- the guerrillas' main patron -- were set back as the French and Italian Foreign Ministers called on their Iranian counterpart to engage his help in a search for peace.
Many other cities have taken New York and Miami as models of what not to do.
So it was only fitting that their game at Continental Arena ended in a 0-0 deadlock, the first scoreless tie in the history of the Devils' franchise.
With the help of the American Ambassador and top Sudanese military and intelligence officers, Representative Bill Richardson, a New Mexico Democrat, persuaded the rebels to drop a demand for millions of dollars in ransom.
Gen. Rasim Delic, commander in chief of the Bosnian Army, and Gen. Zivko Budimir, chief of staff of the Bosnian Croat forces, who ended a weeklong visit to the United States today, said their forces, allied in the Muslim-Croat Federation, would require extensive retraining to operate the new weapons systems they hope to acquire.
Because most offenders jailed for crack have been black, the disparity has been attacked largely on racial grounds.
Each is sold at cost, about $1.50, a gesture of solidarity that also serves to counter claims that the Government is anti-Islamic.
The only differences of opinion between the United States and the United Nations are over which side is to blame for not moving faster to create the force and how it will be led.
It does not constitute comprehensive reform.''
In an attempt to compete better with Vanguard, the American Stock Exchange in January lowered the trust's expense ratio to just a hair below Vanguard's 0.20 percent of assets, to 0.1845 percent.
There was this America being defined -- actually, I thought, from the right and the left -- that I wasn't really a part of.
More are expected to be hired soon.
Of last year's 10 best-selling albums, according to Billboard magazine, every one -- from "Cracked Rear View," by Hootie and the Blowfish, to "The Lion King" soundtrack -- was released in 1994.
To a large extent, economists said, the financial markets have already done much of the Fed's inflation-fighting work for it by sending long-term interest rates sharply upward earlier this year.
She was given credit by at least one Jewish refugee from Austria for saving her family.
He told NATO officials the elections would take care of Dr. Karadzic.
A dose of straight talk in prime time, even if force fed, may help reawaken the voters.
The parties raise soft money in huge quantities, supposedly to strengthen the party machinery, but it is regularly channeled to individual candidates.
To win their case, plaintiffs' lawyers in this civil trial need only prove Mr. Simpson's guilt with a ''preponderance'' of evidence, rather than ''beyond a reasonable doubt.''
Neither has been on the field since practice began July 20.
"Earlier we had order and no freedom," said one woman, the only person in the focus groups who had voted for the former Soviet leader Mikhail S. Gorbachev.
It goes on regardless of the weather.
He suggested that people would be better advised to seek advice from their mothers than from psychiatrists, "yet there is no mother-child privilege."
"Just the way his body language is.
He came to prominence as a director by staging eight productions for the Old Vic in the 1940's and made his directing debut in the United States with "The Browning Version" in 1949.
He spoke against an "in-your-face social activism that has not worked" and warned the overwhelmingly liberal crowd against becoming judgmental and criticizing others for not being "pure" in their withdrawal from technology.
NOFX devoted the middle of its set to a cheerful inquiry into ethnicity: a reggae parody urged, ''Kill all the white man,'' followed by the punky ''Don't Call Me White,'' in which the band sets itself apart from white stereotypes, and ''The Brews,'' a declaration of punk Jewish identity: ''We can't lose a fight, as we are the chosen ones.''
It will be named after Mr. Wexler's parents.
One is about job loss.
After 46 days under clinical treatment for dependency on medicinal painkillers, Favre has been in training a little more than three weeks.
These summer-lovers for window boxes in full sun are called Supertunias or Surfinias and the smaller-flowered millifloras.
It's a long way from those films to ''The Sandlot'' and this, but Mr. Richmond manages a bright, wholesome visual style without too much squeaky-clean glare.
Big brains demand big hair.
And now, giving the lectures is part of what the Tuckerberrys call organizing life after "L.A. Law," which went off the air in 1994, or as Ms. Eikenberry put it, becoming "unfamous."
The water main, three and half feet in diameter and 28 years old, is buried at one end of Twin Lakes, a popular fishing hole along California Road here.
For meat to be kosher, for example, the animal must be slaughtered in a certain way and the flesh wholly drained of blood before it is cooked.
They have steadfastly refused to allow Muslims driven from their homes during the war to move back into areas under Serbian or Croatian control.
"It's a hard sell," Mr. Miringoff said.
It is Sundstrom who positions himself to cut off opponents' angles for skating and passing, often breaking up plays without need of a collision.
He was in first place, Greene was now second, and Lewis, the three-time Olympic champion, was third.
It is characteristic that when laid low by malaria, he sees exquisitely colored, detailed visions of the Second Punic War.
National League HOUSTON ASTROS -- Signed RHP Xavier Hernandez.
The teachers had to be out of their minds.
As Mr. Maupin says in the documentary, Hollywood still allows itself to be swayed by people who complain "that the very mention of homosexuality, the very display of it in some form on the screen, legitimizes the subject."
Mr. Azimov is a relative newcomer to Tajikistan's clan politics, which are dominated by President Imomali Rakhmonov.
More than a few funds specializing in technology stocks or laden with high-technology shares finished among the fourth quarter's biggest losers even though they were on the list of leaders throughout the year.
Letters Russell Baker: Putting the boot into smoke.
Busemann, in a classic case of winning the battle but losing the war, finished second in the same heat in 4:31.41, 14.48 seconds faster than O'Brien.
Rounding out the coming weekend at Purchase College is the return of Philharmonia Virtuosi next Sunday at 3 P.M.
"You direct your security resources to where you think the threat is," said a former high-ranking airline security official, speaking on condition of anonymity.
Pete Wilson had tried to use the issue as a springboard for his Presidential campaign.
But the Administration will not make the report public or allow the board's chairman, Anthony Harrington, to testify about its contents under oath.
The National Treasury Employees Union and the American Federation of Government Employees argue that requiring Federal employees to work without pay violates the Constitution, even if their salaries are paid after a shutdown is resolved.
Still, Trinidad and Tobago played creatively, drawing the star forward Dwight Yorke into midfield to create openings for his teammates.
In that 19-minute set, Sanchez Vicario had 19 unforced errors, the teen-ager only 4.
Albert Evans and Jennie Somogyi topped even this brilliant display: she took a flying dive into his arms and then folded like a jackknife to slip out of his embrace.
But the writing was considered the real star of the show, and, as with any star, there were tantrums and tensions, particularly in the show's final year.
Mrs. Dupree, who is 70, is part of a small group of people who have banded together as the Society for the Preservation of Afghanistan's Cultural Heritage, dedicated to spreading an awareness of what is being lost, and to efforts, so far largely unavailing, to halt the destruction.
Timmy had an appointment to be examined by Dr. Robert L. Carneiro, ethnological curator of the Hall of South American Peoples and one of the world's foremost experts on shrunken heads.
At a meeting with the architects, Mr. Cochran went after the design "with a buzz saw," Ms. Diamond recalled.
That is roughly 840,000 more people than the Yankees have drawn in any season to their venerable ball park in the Bronx.
Our plan allows the export of encryption up to 56 bits, but does so in a way that will encourage the production and marketing of products that both protect privacy and prevent crime.
Roy Lichtenstein was one artist whose work was put to the test this week, and it more than passed.
For every three patients, Chantique has one nurse -- from an agency for cosmetic-surgery nurses -- checking them every half-hour, day and evening.
What law would be subtle enough to allow plans to fire doctors who drive patients into other health plans, yet protect doctors who inform patients about treatments that the plan does not cover?
He smiled tightly, nodded, and walked out the wood shop door, disappearing in dazzling sunlight on Clinton Street.
They also serve as an epitaph for the family he writes about; they are Americans abroad, out of their depth in Africa and pretty much out of step in Europe.
But to his credit, he gathered himself together.''
If he had put the money in his pocket, then you're talking about a whole different thing.''
Anybody put in that position would do it.''
Assemblywoman Hochberg, who also criticized the education provisions of the state spending plan, said that overall, the Governor was employing poor budget practices.
Ms. Stadler and Mr. Drew continued to announce their engagement, then cancel it.
It seemed a way around the problem of the world wanting leadership from a United States unwilling to spend much money to lead, let alone pay the $1.1 billion it already owes the United Nations.
Lincoln Center Festival '96, three weeks of indoor and outdoor performances, runs from Monday through Aug. 11 mainly at locations in and around Lincoln Center.
''She does it the other half.
Frequent, low-profile meetings appeared to have brought the two sides closer together, but the differences that remain might be more than gaps between tax rates and payroll threshold numbers.
The modern cathedral, designed by Swiss architect Mario Botta, stands as a red-brick cylinder with lime trees outlining its sloped roof.
House Democrats and environmentalists are urging the Clinton Administration to veto legislation that would hold pipeline regulations to a cost-benefit test, saying it would unduly ease rules intended to prevent oil spills and gas explosions.
Both travelers and travel agents can place bids.
Appropriately, one of the minor wines in his portfolio is named for a cygnet (SIG-nit), a baby swan.
''Any rational company that has something bad going on within it is going to want to know,'' he said.
''He summoned the company band to play dirges and patriotic hymns at the site of 'aged monarch of the forest.'
Most Britons have not forgotten the time that Michael Fish, a forecaster of such high profile that his recent extramarital affair became major national news, declared in 1987 to a nervous nation that ''you can rest assured there isn't going to be a hurricane'' -- moments before a hurricane struck.
With a preternatural acuity of eye and hand, he can monitor every nuance of the somewhat tumbledown area in which he lived for many years.
Close behind Zenapax in the clinic are a drug for various leukemias, in partnership with Kanebo; a drug for cytomegalovirus in transplants and in AIDS patients, and a drug for chronic hepatitis B and liver transplant, with Boehringer Mannheim and Sandoz, all of which are in the second of the typical three phases of clinical trials.
He is clearly drawn to her, and she, in turn, discovers that his ''dejected'' posture and flustered talkiness, ''precisely the qualities that made George unsuitable as a romance hero, made me breathe a little more quickly.''
In a statement, the exchange said the outside counsel would investigate ''the relationship of certain of its members'' to Ashton, and report to the exchange's governors ''in due course.''
The whole world gasped in shock early yesterday when Ali suddenly materialized on that platform at the far end of Olympic Stadium, the perfect choice to light the cauldron.
Here is a sampling of shows and exhibitions in Manhattan that are to close soon: Closing This Weekend ''HUGHIE,'' Circle in the Square Theater, 1633 Broadway, at 50th Street.
This sort of scene can happen with some planning and enough space for the plants to grow.
Samples of memorable reportage abound: Sydney H. Schanberg in 1975 on the fall of Phnom Penh to the Khmer Rouge, Homer Bigart in 1962 on the United States backing a loser in South Vietnam, A. M. Rosenthal at Auschwitz in 1958 asking how the sun could shine in such a place, McCandlish Phillips in 1965 on a Ku Klux Klansman who was born a Jew.
But he added: "Some on the other side of the aisle seem committed to taking a couple of good wholesome slices of health insurance reform and slapping a lot of extraneous junk food on top, creating a health care hoagie of medical savings accounts, caps on medical malpractice awards and other unhealthy additives.
There was a tug-of-war during the day between those who fear too slow an economy and those who are wary of stronger economic growth later this year," said Alan Ackerman, senior vice president of Fahnestock & Company.
"The whole notion that U.S. bonds are on some kind of credit watch is wild -- this is the kind of thing that happens to companies, not to the United States.
How long the people of Horner will remain in the area is uncertain, many of them say.
He seemed incapable of explaining why he was running for President, and when he was asked the question on the Larry King show, his wife, Elizabeth, jumped in and answered for him.
On the last day of school, elementary and middle school pupils took home handbooks that listed books to read, local landmarks to visit and library locations.
Settled on the couch, various children climbing on and off his lap, Mr. Aarons recalled a mysterious auctioneer in Ohio near Detroit, where he worked in television for three years before joining WNBC in 1993.
"The major banks are considerably more solid than they were, and they are capitalized above international standards," said Adolfo Lagos Espinosa, director general of Serfin.
"The constituency for easy money -- low rates -- at the Fed has just lost one of its most outspoken champions," said Stephen S. Roach, chief economist at Morgan Stanley & Company.
Thanks to encouragement from the two counselors, Kharisma is looking into attending private school through programs that place inner-city youths.
PASS the jampacked evasions and refried platitudes.
I find that kind of mentality reprehensible.
We're thankful when women rail the truck with sticks to create an ambience of foreignness, and when their men pass with an armload of corpse, we upend our knapsacks, we take pictures.
Certain that relatives would soon be chasing them, they told the driver to take a helter-skelter route to the Ghanaian border, about 20 minutes away.
And telling these stories is dormant in all of us, I think."
The Bosnian Serb leader, Radovan Karadzic, said today that he would not run in the September elections in Bosnia.
The conventional scientific view holds that humans should not suffer long-term health effects to exposure to chemical agents unless they had acute health symptoms at the time of exposure.
Ms. Amos brings to rock's vanguard an uncommon ability to translate the most intimate emotional matters -- sexuality, spirituality -- into music.
Aides to Governor George E. Pataki did not return calls requesting comment this evening .
The qualification most frequently cited is resistance to Israeli occupation, with candidates proudly listing how many times they were imprisoned, beaten or -- most prestigious -- deported.
He was Ancke in Mr. Holmes's 1952 novel, ''Go.''
That is comparable to natural immunity to rotaviruses, and also to the efficacy of influenza vaccines.
The plant is unlike its closest relatives and Mr. Spain has been unable to find any documentation of it, so he took the honors of giving it a name.
A program that began with the best of intentions -- providing help for families who lost their primary source of income through no fault of their own -- has contributed to the breakdown of the family and stymied efforts at urban revitalization.
The team had already made clear it would not try to re-sign Esiason; Glenn Foley, who will not be totally recovered from a surgically repaired shoulder until the season starts, will be the backup.
The most imminent recommended action would call for jetliners to carry extra fuel in their center tanks (between the wings and under the passenger cabin).
Ms. Haag, with her first show, is just beginning to climb the fashion world's ladder, and this initial step was auspicious.
This was the first game of the season in which the defense did not have one penalty.
IGOR LUKES Boston, Nov. 8, 1996 The writer is an associate professor of international relations at Boston University.
No one stopped to look at the Indian jewelry and pottery for sale in an alcove.
(2) That phantom fund-raiser introduced the President to a wealthy South Korean businessman in April of this year.
He built a model home using Thermapan materials, which Mr. Taraba called "our initial breakthrough into large-scale work."
2 P.M. Also Sunday at 2 P.M.
We raised two children here.
''You're sweating up a hundred dollar shirt.''
A smaller tenderloin mated with a moist lobster tail makes a winning surf-and-turf combination.
The work of both men was rooted in the pre-war France that produced the left-wing, socially conscious Popular Front, when the fashion was to romanticize the despair of proles trapped in a world they did not understand and could not fight.
Bob Dole's attacks on teachers' unions have upset some Republicans in Stark County, Ohio.
But senior political aides acknowledged their concern that Mr. Perot, whose support in the polls has been creeping up over the last 10 days, could draw enough votes to deny Mr. Clinton a majority of the vote, and Mr. Clinton's remarks today were clearly aimed at appealing to such voters.
This year Meredith has learned that the ancient Greeks were "geniuses -- all those people who discovered those things," and included citizens like Eratosthenes, who measured the circumference of the Earth, and Euclid, who thought up geometry, "all the stuff they do in school now."
Despite their wounds, his comrades from Ladder Company 121 dragged Mr. Williams away from the flames in the third-floor apartment at 40-20 Beach Channel Drive in Edgemere, and carried him down one floor, where they laid him in the hallway and tried desperately to resuscitate him with cardiopulmonary measures.
''In Connecticut, we're blessed with being close to good emergency care facilities.
Ridership often runs up to 350 passengers a day, according to Paul G. Forsberg, the owner since 1960.
The study was published in The New England Journal of Medicine.
To the Editor: I learned from your Aug. 18 news article on bus-bunching that one thing hasn't changed since I last drove a New York City bus in 1981: the willingness of the Transit Authority to play the public for fools.
Arms Makers in $1 Trillion Contest The $1 trillion competition to design and build a midpriced jet fighter for the Air Force, Navy and Marines begins in earnest this week, and executives from Lockheed, Boeing and a team linking McDonnell Douglas and Northrop Grumman cannot find enough superlatives to inspire their troops.
Instead, the inner core came to light with the help of instruments known as seismometers, whose sensors in holes in the ground pick up faint vibrations and echoes traveling through the earth's interior realms.
Indeed, those of us who first urged him to run for President last year did so with the knowledge that he would devote his talents and energies to bridging the racial divide in our American family.
Gran Vilaya, discovered in 1985, consists of 80 interconnected cities with some 24,000 structures.
But this has gone on for more than four days, and we have no real orders to tell us how to control them.
That was followed by a smartly produced new show, "In the Zone," targeted to a youth market.
"But if they'd kept him here, I'd be real depressed."
To have a book featured for one month on a cardboard floor display in front, called a dump, a publisher pays $10,000.
As controversy has grown over Democratic fund raising, Mr. Clinton has sought to distinguish between the practices of his own re-election campaign and those of the Democratic committee.
Ninety-nine percent of the school station is announcements, and the government channel only has council meetings.
Bruins 6, Panthers 2 Host Boston avoided a first-round sweep, scoring three goals in six minutes of the second period against Florida.
The prix fixe menu was introduced last Friday night and will be available all of next week.
Part of that exploratory stage, of course, might well be the leaking of the memo to the press to elicit reactions.
Felix Gonzalez-Torres, whose modest yet evocative sculpture and photographs about love and loss were often inspired by AIDS, died yesterday at his home in Miami.
That is clearly an anxiety felt by Chechen leaders.
Such relentlessly Freudian interpretations of Elvis's life do little to illuminate the real reasons we care about the singer: his creation of a revolutionary musical idiom that embraced even as it reinvented a host of American musical styles; his articulation of a generation's inchoate yearnings for love, sex, rebellion and lost innocence; his ability to remake whatever he sang by infusing it with a humor, exuberance and pathos that made it indisputably his own.
Mayor Marion S. Barry Jr., whose powers over the city have greatly eroded under the muscle of the control board, described the same problems and proposed the same solutions upon returning to office two years ago.
What laws govern an account of this type?
That means that when the buyer's new mortgage is recorded, tax is due on the full amount of the new mortgage.
Prompted by a sense of crisis, Mr. Hosoya proposes adopting English as a second official language of the nation and bringing in more native English teachers in the school system.
As singers, they are adept at negotiating the vocal leaps and soft lyricism of Ms.
With bushy black or close-cropped hair, tattoos painted down arms and dressed almost entirely in black leather and big boots, Mr. Watanabe's toughs gave a new face to Japanese design.
When the cheers died down, he added, ''Now, if you will let me be the bowler, and you take the catches, we can bowl them all out and rid Pakistan of this political mafia.''
Even on good days, after a hard rain settles the pollutants, the stench from the canal could best be described as smelling like rotten eggs mixed with crude oil and then set on fire.
Mr. Reith, 31, is a marketing manager with the Harris Group, a software development company in Baltimore.
One of the most compelling aspects of ''Liar's Poker,'' Michael Lewis's wickedly funny book, is its deft portrayal of the trading environment at Salomon Brothers.
Analysts attribute the price drop to an inventory correction as personal computer manufacturers must use up stocks accumulated in anticipation of a too-optimistic forecast for Windows 95, the new operating system Microsoft released in August.
Though he said there was no evidence of such misuse of records in this case, Robert T. Buccino, the deputy chief of the State Organized Crime Bureau, said, ''They did have access to medical records, and it could be used for extortion and other criminal purposes.''
''I don't know if I've seen a more vicious competitor,'' Gretzky said of Keenan.
In THE BONES OF TIME (Tor/Tom Doherty, $23.95) Ms. Goonan has toned down her prose but not her ambition.
Leaders were Robert E. Brennan, Raymond Chambers, Robert S. Jepson Jr., Henry R. Kravis and Michael R. Milken.
He took command after Lieut.
In a game with no fumbles, the Redskins intercepted four of Brown's passes, while the Giants snatched only one of Frerotte's passes.
A1 DOLE ADDRESSES WOMEN'S VOTE Senator Bob Dole directly confronted a weakness in his Presidential campaign -- his lack of support among women.
It's a shame to see any store that's been successful not make it in the discount era.
last season, allowing 47 sacks.
Today one of the early pilgrims to his home, a brick mansion overlooking Lincoln Park, was Theresa Cropper, whose son, Quinn, received a heart transplant in 1991 just 13 days after birth.
Eventually, the clamor died down, and the Council took no action against him.
DIVING is normally an Olympic Summer Games sport, but the Rangers were suggesting that the Pittsburgh Penguins were belly-whopping on the ice much like real penguins.
This heady growth has its critics.
Unlike others who lived off the land, he did not hunt, and Ms. Burke, the food store employee, said she thought he was a vegetarian.
And although the committee says the review "is not meant to reflect on my integrity," Father McBrien declared, "it will be used by ultraconservative groups and individuals as another hammer to whack at me."
Shareholder proposals ''need to be presented on a continuous basis so the commissioners understand the passion of the proponents,'' he said in an interview.
Lucent had to give a lunch, thanks to the long-scheduled breakfast appearance by President Scalfaro of Italy.
"One of the concerns that has been increasingly raised by New Yorkers and others is the risk posed to people, particularly women, of being pulled over by someone using a blue light and pretending to be a police officer," Mr. Pataki said at a news conference in Albany, where he used marked and unmarked state police cars as backdrops.
All amber fossils, Dr. Grimaldi says, should be coded as is now being done at the American Museum of Natural History, according to rarity, and only those with more than two or three duplicates should be subjected to DNA extraction.
''How much fun is it to have a rap sheet be run on you -- even if you're spotless -- to do a volunteer job?''
As right-wing lawmakers condemned the planned pullback in a parliamentary debate today, hundreds of settlers and supporters demonstrated outside Parliament and in downtown Jerusalem, denouncing the withdrawal as an "abandonment of security" that would put them at the mercy of Palestinian militants.
''I don't want to be controversial.
And if the Social Security Administration is vulnerable, despite its rigorous security measures, then creditors and hospitals and retailers -- even, say, the video store that keeps customers' credit card numbers -- are surely permeable.
Okrent, who will be 48 on Tuesday, was raised in Detroit, a proprietary Tiger fan.
''It was more fun than copy editing and proofreading,'' he said.
Mr. Dole, seizing an opportunity to attack Mr. Clinton, offered proposals last week.
In the French, he is cunning.
Rankings are based on January sales figures of 3,985 bookstores and of wholesalers serving 50,000 hardcover retailers and 60,000 paperback retailers (gift shops, department stores, newsstands, supermarkets).
He recently represented a 10-year-old black boy tied to a tree and terrorized by a white couple and two white children.
Christine Todd Whitman proposed legislation to overhaul the state's welfare program that would increase spending by about $150 million on child care, transportation, job placement and other services to help move welfare recipients into the workplace.
Mr. Ekeus said that access to computers has been a delicate issue for this reason, even though inspectors have been instructed to search for terms relevant only to their task.
Such safety devices as air bags and collapsible steering columns have made traffic accidents more survivable, but they do not help if the impact begins at the windshield.
Hilltop buys from about 15 suppliers.
Then Mr. Greeley, knowing of the Parrys' interest in diving, said, ''Why don't you go down and take a look?''
He is returning from an extraordinary antiterrorism summit in Egypt and a 24-hour visit to Israel, where he was praised as the peacemaking hope of the world.
had long expected, from a family member with misgivings.
Prentice Bloedel, a founder of the Canadian timber giant MacMillan Bloedel Ltd., died on June 15.
American Stage Company, Fairleigh Dickinson University, Teaneck.
the characterization must never be stressed to the point of making her at all ludicrous.''
Today, Mr. Clinton appeared to be challenging Mr. Dole to match his veto promise.
Punishment of China may chill discussions between the two countries at a moment when the United States needs to use its influence to reduce the heat building between China and Taiwan.
The techies have it made.
Sitting amid large black boxes filled with thousands of election petitions, lawyers for Senator Bob Dole and Steve Forbes, the multimillionaire businessman, spent hours yesterday wrangling over the minutiae of New York State's election laws, arguing over the contents and the validity of Mr. Forbes's nominating petitions for the Republican Presidential primary.
Sumitomo has contended that Mr. Hamanaka, who lost an estimated $1.8 billion trading copper, was a rogue trader who acted without the knowledge of his superiors.
A cello is made of some 35 precisely worked pieces of wood.
Sitting in Lewis's office in Toronto, he explained why.
First, Rosenblatt was lured into one of Pazienza's archaic testosterone wars, trading heated words and smug glances after the bell between rounds.
Eli Cohen, an Israeli who directed "Under the Domim Tree," also directed the acclaimed 1988 film version of "The Summer of Aviya."
Ms. Chan, with a nod to the Orthodox Jews who pack the restaurant on evenings and weekends, gives Rabbi Newman a strong hand around the Full Moon.
If the answer is yes, do not grab him.
Reformed theology, a major stream of Protestant thought deeply influenced by John Calvin, holds that God's grace is beyond thorough human understanding: no one can know who are the elect that will enter heaven.
Sales of the guides remained steady but unspectacular.
Theodore Wrighten of Charleston; a sister, Margaret Fludd of New York City; 34 grandchildren and 15 great-grandchildren.
Jacqueline G. Siegel, an analyst at Gerard Klauer Mattison in New York, singled out one of the companies, Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc., which is developing drugs to treat leukemia and other types of cancer.
Others who glean details of their hidden lives from letters or snippets of conversation say they recently abandoned wearing veils and using straw sack mattresses, switching to thin foam-rubber pads on flat boards because straw was too difficult to maintain.
"It wasn't all beautiful," he says.
But one woman stood out like Miss Liberty, demurring, "I think things are fine: my life is very good."
There is no reason why those who live on any street in America should not have the same right as the person who lives at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue -- the right to send your child to the school of your choice.
13* 9 INTENSITY, by Dean Koontz.
But that auction involved two licenses for each of 51 markets in the United States.
One takes responsibility for the world in which one lives, I think.
If you show art to a child and it is part of what he understands, it can be an influence."
''If tennis is a game for ladies and gentlemen,'' Marble wrote, ''it's also time we acted a little more like gentle people and less like sanctimonious hypocrites.''
He flew back to Dallas yesterday afternoon on the Cowboys owner Jerry Jones's plane.
Federal regulatory agencies may also consider restrictions, but those, too, may raise free speech concerns.
Mr. Reed said Judge Ruth Sussman had instead set bail at $25,000.
He'll be in his wheelchair.
Mr. Moritz said that he expected it would feel strange living upside down for "the first six months."
Mr. Papadakos also pointed out that the company had not applied for building permits.
Everywhere you looked, there was Williams.
I represent people regardless of their party affiliation.''
Investors want stability above all.
With Mark Strausman, the chef and owner of Campagna in the Flatiron District, running the restaurant, the menu has a more eclectic, less strictly Italian focus.
Another $2,500 went to James Martin Davis, the Democrat who is challenging Representative Jon Christensen, a freshman Republican in an especially tight race for re-election in the Second Congressional District.
64 East Palisade Avenue, Englewood.
Thousands of Gujarat natives crowded the halls of the temple today to witness a most sacred occasion: the moment the sect's much-revered guru invests life to the 10 marble statues that will preside over the temple and answer the community's prayers.
In fact, last summer Mr. Clinton decided to match the Republicans' goal of balancing the budget by just after the turn of the century, having previously resisted a specific deadline.
He's a nuclear materials black marketeer.''
The transfer will cost hundreds of millions of dollars, and Administration officials said Mr. Perry would try to persuade Saudi leaders to pay for at least half.
"I thought, 'Wow, she's tall, she's beautiful, I hope she's intelligent.'
Modern genetics has immediate relevance for them, she said, and huge implications for their future should they ever be asked to undergo medical tests for insurance or employment.
Since its founding in 1977, the organization has been a rare mixed breed in New York intellectual life: a force that drew together thinkers from many different worlds for brainy cross-pollination.
will also issue its complaint against the two men, which will be resolved by the settlement.
The most familiar "low-down-payment" programs have been those sponsored by the Federal Housing Administration and the Department of Veterans Affairs (formerly the Veterans Administration).
In response, Senator Bob Dole plans to introduce a new bill to change tort law -- one even more ambitious than the full-blown makeover for civil justice proposed by Republicans last year.
supporting the argument that here was a person of special talent who would benefit the United States in freedom far more than in prison.
The museum's costume department dated his headgear to around 1892, and from photographs in the museum's collection, the house was thus identified as the Watt-Pinckney mansion, flanked by the fancy apartment buildings of ''Strivers' Row'' in Harlem.
You have to be a psychiatrist, a priest, a mother-in-law.
He added: "Responses to them will be adequate.
Should I throw it out?
I don't want to have that feeling ever again.
The results spurred a rally in auto issues and helped steady the stock market.
"There are some who don't like 'equip and train' within the region, within Europe and even within the United States," the delegate, Mohamed Sacirbey, said today in a reference to the program.
''People don't want to be short of gas if another cold front is coming.''
Toys "R" Us has 20 percent of the nation's toy market, but saying it might not stock a toy isn't pressure.
Analyst estimates of the cost to G.M.
With a less catastrophic diagnosis, the difference in life span -- and self-definition -- between negative and positive men might narrow.
The general issue has to do with the ethics of caricature, which Mr. le Carre and I construe differently.
Owens ran four or five races as part of the demonstration.
Ms. Cutler, a Clinton friend and Democratic operative as party official and communications specialist, had hoped her mission might end soon after it began two years ago with a gesture of support: the creation of a newspaper advertisement from supporters complaining of partisan abuse of the First Lady.
Quite the opposite: by saying that the concrete reality of the building is the important thing, Mr. Frampton is not arguing in favor of a definition of architecture as mundane, or approaching it in any less serious a way than any of the theorists whose work this book implicitly throws into question.
''But this group is a different breed of cat.
Mr. Carey, 51, assumes responsibilities from Tom Clark, 59, who has served as chairman of BBDO North America.
Especially for Anderson, whose titanic shot to center field set a record: Major leaguers have hit 124 grand slams this season; they combined for 123 last year.
Clear Channel, the nation's biggest radio broadcaster, will add Radio Equity's 15 FM and 4 AM radio stations to the 92 stations that it already owns or operates.
She is not, perhaps, a natural Cinderella, and chose to interpret the character as a pallid little cinder, coming most alive in the pas de deux she danced with Guillaume Graffin as her eager prince.
EASTER FEST, with old-fashioned games, an egg race, live rabbits, hayrides ($2) and a puppet show at 1 P.M. and 2:30 P.M. Sunday from noon to 4 P.M. at Muscoot Farm, Route 100, Somers, N.Y. Free.
Certainly, it would be fascinating to watch.
If they raised money from a million people over two years, it would not surprise me if 10 to 20 of those contributions were---- did not meet the requirements of the law -- or 30.
Standard, Ogilvy & Mather has 313 employees and billings of $203 million from clients like the American Express Company and the Eastman Kodak Company.
The word "resort," it must be said, is a relative exaggeration here.
The result moved the Canadiens into fourth place in the Eastern Conference, tied with idle Florida at 87 points.
Even then, parents with kids in different age groups will have to choose between their younger and older children as they decide whether to flick the switch each night.
"We have an opponent in the caucuses and this campaign," he thundered.
(AP) Indianapolis Colts Indianapolis Colts fullback Roosevelt Potts was suspended for four games by the N.F.L.
''A shopping center that opened in 1980 needs a new look for the 90's,'' she said.
''But what I do know is that no matter what people think, we're all trying to do our best to win football games.
Renzo Gubert, a senator of a conservative splinter party called the Union of Christian Democrats suggested that Mr. Flick had acted for ''reasons of political opportunism.
Wages aren't going up, people are being laid off and there are no guarantees on retirement.
"This will be the icing on the cake or button on the kiosk," said Barbara Blair Randall, the BID's executive director.
ROGER S. COHEN Cranford Reason to Stock Up As soon as I hear a threat of snow, I am at the supermarket buying a full week's supply of food and staples.
In the years following, he was at first a fugitive, living in a country club in Brownsville and routinely crossing the border under the noses of United States authorities.
During a campaign a candidate will typically put on 15 different commercials, and it's amazing how much they pack into that eight minutes.''
From every point of view King's College Chapel is the climax of the Cambridge experience.
In "One Bar," a swinging tune suddenly stopped for a much-repeated note, like an LP skipping.
The soldier, Drazen Erdemovic, is the first person convicted by the Yugoslav war crimes tribunal since it was set up in 1993.
" She amassed countless awards and commendations, including honorary doctorates at Yale and Dartmouth, the National Medal of Arts, and 13 Grammy Awards, including one in 1967 for Lifetime Achievement.
I write about love, yes, but not about tenderness," she said in a 1990 interview.
Senior department officials warned precinct commanders to get their neighborhoods under control or give up their commands, the official said.
There are significant differences in sexual fantasies because men and women have different sexual feelings, needs and sometimes views.
Reebok also thinks its athletes, like Frank Thomas and Rebecca Lobo, are more accessible than the harder-edged wearers of the swoosh.
Not all programs would necessarily be rated.
Slobodan Lang, a doctor and Croatia's leading human rights activist, described to me a car trip he just took across Croatia and Bosnia, beginning in the Croatian village of Erdut on the Danube.
Several Republicans today recalled that in 1988, George Bush, then a Presidential contender, had decided to travel to Texas for a fund-raising event as a way of conserving his campaign funds.
(May somebody do the same for me in the year 2196!)
By comparison, the graduation rate for whites at Virginia is 93 percent; at Michigan, it is 87 percent.
On Wednesday, the state Public Defender's office will argue before the Supreme Court that it should not be barred from appealing the death sentence of John Martini, who has asked to be executed.
Still, the rumors may be overdone.
The French are also distressed by informal American and British votes against three other candidates, all from French-speaking countries.
He told them that satisfying the manager meant always being prepared and always being on time.
Polling is a particularly inexact science in Russia.
Recent popularity polls in Italy put him just behind that font of Alpine machismo, Alberto Tomba.
Because if you have to hire a replacement worker, that's a cost.
Twice it has closed down much of the Government as part of the tug-of-war with Mr. Clinton.
Includes a tribute to Mickey Mantle with more than 1,000 autographed items and a wax museum.
The film's hardest job is sustaining tension in such a claustrophobic setting, but Mr. Baird manages that in a sturdy, no-frills way.
He became an expert on international trade and advised Congress and the United States trade representative.
''Everything before has been a warmup lap, a trial heat,'' he intoned.
"If you want to duplicate that kind of a network, you've got to dig up streets or put up ugly telephone poles," said Lee Cox, the president of Air Touch Cellular, the wireless company that was spun off from Pacific Telesis, a regional Bell company.
Peggy Bernstein, a spokeswoman for the Schieffelin & Somerset unit of Guinness P.L.C.
His death appears to be a suicide.
"The Secretary of State has been to Damascus 17 times and Beijing once," said Casimir Yost, director of Georgetown University's Institute for the Study of Diplomacy.
Foundation Health's shares had risen 17 percent last week before closing at $36.125 on Friday.
But as the photographs on this page suggest, we lose as we gain; there is as much vividness in tenements as in tourism.
"We would take our models to fishing and boat shows, and people would say, 'It'll never happen in Hartford.'
How long small-company stocks will outperform depends in large part on interest rates, by Mr. Schonberg's argument.
Yet Republican tax cutters have steered clear of openly criticizing the Federal Reserve, and one of Mr. Lott's closest Republican colleagues, Senator Connie Mack of Florida, has introduced a bill to grant the Fed additional protection from political interference by requiring that the central bank's only mandate be to pursue price stability.
Among the airline's mishaps, for example, was one in January that began with Valujet pilots discovering that the landing gear would not retract after they took off from Atlanta.
Mrs. Weiner grew up in Lawrence.
In line with the tradition of postwar European Conceptualists like Joseph Beuys, Yves Klein and Marcel Broodthaers, Mr. Mol explores materials for their meaning and ramifications; and like them, his investigative efforts are wildly diverse, including photography, painting, sculpture, drawing, installation and other devices, sometimes occurring all in one piece.
I just got some encouraging news that I can't announce now."
So from his standpoint as a geneticist, the interacting genes can be inside an animal, or inside several relatives, or inside two completely unrelated creatures, like a caterpillar and a plant.
A framed copy of the poster hangs on a wall in his Pentagon office.
Whether the new chairman proves as peripatetic a booster of the arts as Mrs. Hart -- known for her impromptu visits to the snowiest and most secluded corners of the state -- the more practical question may be the degree of state financial support he might marshal.
She added that juries in American courts "like to do rough justice," and will declare an airline negligent if that is what it takes to get around the limit and award higher damages.
Anytime between 1780 and 1825, if you were young and gifted, and if you could raise the fare, Rome was the most fun place to be.
The key question now is whether the crescendo of bad news has at last reached a critical mass, bringing about a fundamental change in the psychology of tobacco.
''He was doing good work, bringing people home, trying to get them help,'' Mr. Richards, 47, said.
On Wednesday, just after 7 P.M., a piece of debris on the tracks -- probably an umbrella -- caused electrical arcing under a train at 51st Street.
What is Don Haskins all about?
As several religious leaders pointed out at the opening hearing yesterday before a House Judiciary subcommittee, no change in the First Amendment's guarantee of religious freedom is needed for students to pray privately in school -- provided the prayer is truly voluntary and the school does not commandeer a captive audience of students to participate.
The idea is to have as much shoe on the foot as possible to balance the width of the clothes."
The New York Knicks jersey and gym shorts of Bill Bradley were sold for $15,000 and $2,200, respectively.
The shopkeepers in this 500-year-old village tried hard to look happy today, as they marked the first day in German history that stores will be allowed to stay open on weekdays past 6:30 P.M.
Mr. Lebed asked in response to a question about how his new working relationships were developing.
Other symptoms include neurological and cognitive deficits, fevers, eye pain, sensitivity to light, dizziness, nausea, repeated sinus infections and unprecedented allergies.
If humor makes us laugh, wit makes us gasp.
In a sign of the growing tensions between the United States and its trading partners over stepped-up American sanctions against Cuba, Canada said today that it had lodged a trade protest with the Clinton Administration, and Mexico immediately asked to join Canadian-American discussions on the issue.
EIGHTH ANNUAL STAFFORD 150, Stafford Motor Speedway, Route 140, Stafford Springs.
Listener attentiveness has a sound of its own, and here one heard the silence.
The Yankees had a chance to watch the Orioles yesterday.
As demand escalated, the foundation began to explore turning all domain registration responsibilities over to a contractor.
Red files you had better think twice or thrice about.
By Violeta Barrios de Chamorro with Sonia Cruz de Baltodano and Guido Fernandez.
When she recovers, the 76-year-old Mrs. Cooper, who formed her bleak impression of nursing homes when she worked at one as an aide, says: "It's a crime the way they treat the old folks.
What she does not share with this predominantly black class from Long Island is the harsh truth about an industry centered in New York: at a time when surveys show that black readers are buying almost 160 million books a year, Federal figures show that blacks number 3.4 percent of the managers, editors and professionals who choose the nation's popular literature.
The project, said the university's president, Dr. L. Jay Oliva, will be overseen by the School of Education.
The Basics Call the park for information and maps.
That job had drawn 3,000 applicants.
That means one of the Bedouins.
The partners bought their site from Pasquale Properties, the developer of the 220-acre corporate center, which already has a two-mile jogging path.
Fox already has a deal with T.C.I., giving it distribution to 10 million cable households.
The publication of ''Cheese Primer'' (Workman Publishing, $16.95), by the cheese master Steven Jenkins, is just one sign of the times.
Orphans, cats and impossible dreams -- these are a few of their favorite things.
This is his 46th season with the Met.
The experience turned out to be an epiphany and, as a result, Mr. Link approached the line, proposing that he record its nighttime activities and asking only cooperation in carrying out the project.
Mr. Gingrich planned to resume his tour once a landing gear was repaired.
Dina Krusin, a physicist and charter school organizer, said children in the United States do not compare well in international standards in math and science.
Belmont opened its fall meeting in relative privacy yesterday, with only 6,337 spectators watching Patsyprospect win the Gen. Douglas MacArthur Handicap.
''It's a nightmare of huge proportions,'' said Andrew Stern, president of the 1.1 million-member Service Employees International Union.
Human Development on the Web The World Wide Web is serving as a hospitable environment for memes.
"We would not agree with all their conclusions," he said, quoting a letter written by his deputy.
"Quite honestly, I do not necessarily rejoice when I see yet another recording of the Vespers," said Vladimir Morosan, who runs Musica Russica from a small office in his home in the quiet community of Madison, east of New Haven.
Congress ordered New Jersey and neighboring states in 1990 to reduce smog levels 15 percent by this year.
The groundhog is to be imported.
If two men want to love each other, go right ahead.
We started working to create an atmosphere to maintain our life style," said Kris McDivitt Tompkins, who spent 20 years with Patagonia, until she resigned as chief executive in 1993.
But the most common starting gate for novices is the yearling auction, said Ric Waldman, an industry consultant who is also stallion manager at the Lexington farm owned by W. T. Young, breeder of this year's Kentucky Derby winner, Grindstone.
A5 PARLIAMENT SPLITS IN BELARUS Setting up their own breakaway assembly, supporters of President Aleksandr Lukashenko of Belarus formalized a deep division in the Parliament over a referendum that expanded his powers.
'' Mr. Rosen said that a pattern of systematic abuse directed at minority officers included racial and ethnic slurs and the posting of racially charged cartoons on Police Department bulletin boards.
They kept the guy in jail seven months on a nonexistent case and arrested the complaining witness."
But yesterday, they insisted that Mr. Conway could order rebates unilaterally.
The nation's job outlook this fall should be roughly the same as a year earlier, though wholesalers and retailers plan to do considerable hiring, according to a new survey.
In doing so, it may have handed a tactical victory to the opposition party, the National League for Democracy, and its charismatic leader, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi.
No More Novelty Until then, the shift in the perception of women candidates is changing the shape of the 1996 political races in ways that are obvious, and in ways that are not.
Throughout the day today, Taliban fighters in Japanese pickup trucks were said to be pouring north toward the Salang Tunnel, a Soviet-built feature high in the Hindu Kush that is the last major barrier facing the Taliban before they confront the militias of Gen. Abdul-Rashid Doestam, an Uzbek, and Ahmad Shah Massoud, a Tajik who was the military commander in the Kabul Government.
But there are times when you suggest something and get screamed at and told to shut up, so you have to pick your spots."
Senate business stalled today for the second time in a week as Republicans tried to prevent Democrats from introducing a politically popular amendment, in this case to soften cuts in money for education.
''And even then, nothing worth more than $25,'' she said.
Louisiana residents, who already pay the 10th highest auto insurance in the nation and would see the rate go higher if that decision stands, were confused by that.
But it's something we can fix.''
But Ault is a quick study.
My cottage, built of something called blue bitch stone, was surrounded by greenery and flowers.
It has been said that yuppies don't have loyalty.
It happens that two unions have begun trying to organize the 8,000 workers of the chain; last month the Lincoln Park, Ill., store voted to join the United Food and Commercial Workers.
The Photograph Studio of the Met isn't just a repository of negatives of art objects in the museum, although that record is invaluable.
The purchasing power of the 1982-84 dollar now stands at 63.9 cents, while that of the 1967 dollar stands at 21.3 cents.
Mr. Phillips acknowledged that his approach might be confusing to the general public, including teen-agers who read his magazine.
AM International Inc. said yesterday that its second-quarter loss would be "substantially greater" than the first quarter's and dismissed 200 workers because of worsening results.
''What people have to know is that the historical sources of funds for public higher education are under contraction,'' Mr. Hearst said.
Donald J. Trump said today that he would spend $75 million to build a giant yacht, equip it with a casino and dock it at Trump's Castle Casino Resort here.
If it's true, as the saying goes, that all men are little boys, then comic superstars like Jim Carrey and his Italian counterpart Roberto Benigni embody the puerile id skidding gleefully into box-office history.
does not release profits by model, Wall Street analysts say that pickup trucks and sport utility vehicles account for the bulk of the company's profits.
"They've clearly been driven to the point where they think this is the only way they can get the government to respond."
TRANSPORTATION -- Holiday schedule for subways and buses.
And the events of the last year have opened a window on the many ways plans can go painfully off track.
And biofeedback could spare voters the agony of watching doomed candidates carry on long after their campaigns have floundered.
Yet for Mr. Colgan and many others participating in the Lincoln Center festival, Beckett's most convincing link to Ireland is found quite simply in the language of his prose, poetry and plays.
Dr. Zuckerman and Dr. Lundberg described the new technique and the first results of their tests at the annual meeting of the Society of Biblical Literature in Philadelphia in November.
From what I've seen, I think they've done the right things.
In participation for these Olympics, the Cuban team trained for several months in Japan.
And an official of Ernst & Young appeared, to explain the voting process.
But politicians always can find a way to get these things in, don't they?''
Cox to Carry New All-News Channel NBC said that Cox Communications' cable systems, with nearly 3.3 million subscribers, would carry MSNBC, the all-news channel being assembled by NBC and Microsoft.
''Nothing in the market fundamentals would dictate prices should be this high,'' said Mr. Rooney of the Oil Heat Institute.
But he noted that premiums of 20 percent to 30 percent had been the rule a few years back, before high drug prices briefly became a political concern.
These include genes needed by patients with a rare disorder that results in a nonfunctioning immune system or by those few patients whose cells are genetically unable to take up cholesterol.
'' Dr. Gary Blick of Greenwich, Conn., has recently witnessed several remarkable turnarounds, including that of a young woman who had been wasting away and has not only regained weight but has started jogging again.
Westchester voters also endorsed the state Clean Water/Clean Air Bond Act -- as did voters statewide -- and an amendment to the County Charter to require an election to fill any vacancy for County Executive.
O'Neal's 3-pointer at the buzzer capped a 40-point first quarter in which the Magic shot 77 percent.
Revenue grew 33.8 percent, to $9.9 billion, compared with $7.4 billion in the second quarter of 1995.
The arrest last week of Juan Luis Aguirre Lete, 33, has been announced as an important breakthrough in the campaign against the Basque separatists who have been carrying on their fight since the late 1960's, involving more than 700 deaths.
There are others who share sincere convictions that the Supreme Court's decision must be changed by a constitutional amendment prohibiting all abortions.
During the trial, two witnesses testified that in the bar the officers, both of whom are married and have children, touched the woman's breasts.
The company, which is a temporary help and home health care business, has seen its business grow to $2.5 billion in revenues last year from $900 million in 1993.
While today's baseball multimillionaires are assured of a prosperous pension in their later years, with funds coming from Tuesday night's All-Star Game in Philadelphia, the forgotten pre-1946 old-timers aren't getting a dime.
''Just the month before, he paid off the mortgage on his home in Westminster,'' said his father, Ray E. Pitts, in a shaken voice.
"You know if you don't pitch well what might happen.
Intended as a vehicle for Mary Martin, it never reached her and was never produced.
For example, there will be an international competition to redesign Manger Square, outside the Church of the Nativity.
"It's very important that China understand that the U.S. does want to see China" sharing world leadership, Mr. Lake said.
is suing Westinghouse, the maker of more half of the country's nuclear generators, including those at Salem.
Most wouldn't believe it anyway.
Foundations, too, have been asking whether they bear some of the blame for encouraging unhealthy patterns of dependency.
True, a quirk of timing or circumstance occasionally dumps a good little movie directly into video stores.
Why are open squares good.
A wistful melancholy pervades these stories, seeping through the characters' hapless lives and coloring their insomniac thoughts.
It does not assess blame.
Ernst made sculptures from ''found objects,'' utensils and tools left in the garage of his 1944 Great River rental.
''Trying to stay in touch can be a challenge.''
The National Association of Realtors reports on sales of existing homes in June.
Ms. Benedict added that the Connecticut Superior Court had a psychiatrist review the reports from Vermont and do his own evaluation of the children, concluding that the charges had no merit.
The real point is that there isn't any immigration crisis.
* FULTON MALL -- Renovating Gage & Tollner, the 116-year-old landmark restaurant, is taking longer than the owner, Joseph Chirico, ever dreamed.
But the Braves have been there.
In fact, Mr. Yousef is merely wetting down his contact lenses with drops of saline solution.
We've been taught a lesson and we ain't going back!"
It was in that case that Warren E. Burger, then the Chief Justice, and three other Justices suggested that the result might have been different -- the Court threw out the conviction of Mr. Chiarella -- had the Government argued that Mr. Chiarella violated a fiduciary duty to his employer and misappropriated the information.
''The challenge government organizations face is to keep the information fresh, relevant and useful to their users.
''Fidelio'' is a result of a composer's obsession with a creative problem child (''This opera will win for me a martyr's crown'').
When told of Mr. Cooper's plans, Utrice C. Leid, the former managing editor who helped found The Sun with Mr. Cooper in 1984, said, ''And I am Queen Elizabeth.''
It will always be and always has been a team game.
The two companies also spent more than $9 million in legal fees.
The first two volumes, "A Star Shines Over Mt.
Mr. Pitts was 33 years old when he was posted to the F.B.I.
The sympathy that Israel received after the wave of Palestinian suicide bombings earlier this year, which prompted the Sharm el Sheik conference, seemed largely dissipated.
There was a time when Piniella was known as ''George's boy'' because the blustery owner so obviously doted on the blustery outfielder from Ybor City, the Spanish section of Tampa.
''But it quickly evolved into something edgy and more real,'' Mr. Shandling adds.
And suddenly, Charles Barkley and Phoenix are looking like a power again in the National Basketball Association.
However, in response to strong demand, Chrysler eliminated a $300 rebate on its V-8 powered regular-cab Ram pickups.
''They said, 'Put your hands up against the wall,' '' recalled Mr. Wiggins, 40, a film maker who was arrested by two plainclothes officers on a heroin possession charge one Monday evening earlier last month as he walked down 10th Avenue in Hell's Kitchen.
They include his brilliant essays, his revealing books, his productions of medieval dramas like "The Play of Daniel," the Japanese prints he gave to the Metropolitan Museum and the vast archives he donated to the Dance Collection of the New York Public Library.
If the plan is realized, in about 10 years, the development would have a value of $250 million, increasing that percentage to 30, Mr. Woolley said.
MERRILL LYNCH & CO. INC., New York, the brokerage firm, said it would dismiss about 250 employees, who represent about one-half of 1 percent of its global work force.
He now presides over what some consider to be the world's smallest kingdom, a walled warren of houses where chickens scratch at the sand for food spilled by playing children.
Some colleges are offering classes that are a combination of on-line dialogues, videotaped lectures and in-class work that, of course, require being on campus.
Mr. Green has turned the material over to the United States Attorney's office in Manhattan.
No one can remember any real issues in that campaign, except that Mr. Ostrum came from a relatively prosperous family, and Mr. Dole was partly disabled.
''MONSTER,'' New York Theater Workshop, 79 East Fourth Street, East Village.
And he ignored calls to sign a pledge, being circulated by Phyllis Schlafly, to keep the anti-abortion plank.
A3 MEXICO REBELS SIDELINED A meeting of leftists from 43 countries organized by the Mexican rebels in Chiapas was a high moment for them but also pointed up the fact that they are having trouble holding their political ground.
What we children heard whispered about their suffering was our first troubling introduction to a world outside our own.
"It's never going to feel wonderful," said Torre.
"You are dealing with a risk level that appears to be small," he said.
Because the toilet seat was wet.
Mrs. Brosgol, 28, is with Donovan Leisure Newton & Irvine.
He has been tried and acquitted three times previously for violating a now-expired Michigan statute against assisting in a suicide.
She said she had watched the debate, hoping to learn something about what each candidate would do, if elected.
He now buys half a dozen varieties regularly from Ms. Bush and uses them in soups, risottos, sautes, lasagnes, dumplings, confit, ragu and more.
His Democratic opponent was Art Trujillo, the former Mayor of Santa Fe.
There's a lot of profit taking," said Hillel Waxman, chief foreign exchange dealer at the Bank Leumi Trust Company.
The police say the houses may have been rigged by arsonists connected to the area's drug trade.
The Nets are already without Jayson Williams, who did not play the past two games.
Benasillo had a beeper, and Juliano had a cellular phone.
This is just the kind of empathy she urges on legislators, ethical thinkers and judges alike.
But a United Nations official blamed battle damage, and said he expected that power would be restored soon.
and Meares thought he heard, "No!
It was his eighth career shutout.
Then, with 7:23 left, the Dutch scored on a breakaway when Patty Shea, the American goalkeeper, got only a piece of a shot by Ellen Kuipers.
Schools closed, as did many museums, which lacked air-conditioning.
And, in addition to a November election, Mr. Hevesi would have to undergo a bruising campaign in the Democratic primary, in which the electorate tends to be more liberal than in the general election.
She also has a supervisor at all times, and among the group they try to keep their turf covered.
Personally I loved him very much,'' Balthus says.
Her English father, Richard, was a matinee-idol esthete, a companion of the aging Oscar Wilde and the young W. B. Yeats.
He does wonder, however, if there was a genetic element.
ARGUING ABOUT SLAVERY: The Great Battle in the United States Congress.
In New York City alone, it will own six stations, including the two largest all-news stations, WCBS-AM and WINS-AM, and the only sports talk station, WFAN-AM.
Mr. Campbell, who was born in Peoria, Ill., graduated from the University of Illinois and received an M.B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania.
''They lower one of those big baskets and you get whatever you can.''
Deutsche Telekom also won Government support for a plan to offer corporate customers rebates of up to 40 percent.
Torre is careful of keeping control in his casual way.
301 North Harrison Street, Princeton.
But walk on the sea we did, slip-sliding the quarter mile to the hole where the whale had surfaced.
Splash is gone now, along with three other early casinos, squeezed out when the big operators moved in.
Each room has a kind of accordion wall that rolls along an overhead track and locks into place, transforming the 11 large lab rooms into 21 small ones.
''It's true he did come up to me and said he'd found something,'' Mr. Gonzalez acknowledged under acerbic cross-examination by a defense lawyer, Robert Baker.
Then I called my wife and told her I was O.K.
8 MOVE TO TRIM BUDGET IN JAPAN Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto pledged to appoint a blue-ribbon commission this month as the first step toward a major streamlining of the Government and deregulation of the economy.
Hard work though it was, removing the grass from the site of my new beds proved a keen pleasure.
Like Mr. Miller, Ms. Hoke, 42, stands out in a crowd.
The shares pay a 3 percent dividend, or $12,000 a year.
(In 1979, he booked Madonna for nude modeling jobs at Parsons.)
Detroit's most glaring need is a legitimate center, something that will be addressed during the off season.
THEY were among the first buyers at Island Estates at Miller Place, making their decision when the development's planned 87 detached houseswere still to be built on their half-acre lots and only dirt roads crisscrossed the wooded site.
Thucydides also asserted that the disease was African, from somewhere south of Ethiopia.
Mr. Dole has prevailed so far, it might be said, more because of his opponents' frailties than his own strengths.
''Sometimes,'' Lupien said, ''teams try to get a player as cheap as possible.''
It's true that Lautrec's portraits of performers like Guilbert, Jane Avril, May Belfort and Sarah Bernhardt shouldn't be judged by current standards of Hollywood publicity stills, meaning that our equation of beauty with celebrity didn't necessarily pertain then.
The landmark 275-room, 12-story Beverly Hills hotel, featured in the film ''Pretty Woman,'' is near the chic shopping street Rodeo Drive.
One advertisement in July began: ''The same old politics -- Dole attacks Clinton.''
''I just listened to what he said: 'Oh, yes, Siderman.
It's the first food I've had that doesn't taste like smoke.''
His oldest son, Les Paul Jr., known as Rus, who helps manage his dad's studio and schedule, acted more excited about the award than his father did.
While Mary's donor took hormone stimulants to help her produce a high number of eggs (typically between 8 and 15), Mary took hormones to thicken her uterine lining for the embryo implant.
So "Manny and Lo" turns into a triangle, connecting three female characters at three drastically different stages of life.
The other is Mulberry Point Road.
Given the recent weather, maybe they should add sleighs, too.
In some, ground-level barbecue pits are installed to offer shareholders an alternative to high-altitude grilling -- and rules prohibiting barbecues on balconies are strictly enforced.
I.N.C's New Image Designers who have in the last few years felt the sting of retailers' developing their own basic sportswear collections should prepare for a bite from Federated Department Stores.
The telephone giant already has 90 million long-distance customers, and in promoting its Internet service, AT&T trumpeted its reputation of reliability in the phone business.
Saying that divers take such a pounding that United States team members are limited to 35 hours a week of training, O'Brien questioned how the Chinese can practice so much longer.
Felicia Moon also wants the judge to dismiss a subpoena seeking testimony from her 8-year-old son.
David sought to give this monumental gift to his father at the very time when he had managed to flee Peter to save his life and his music.
The State Appellate Division in Albany yesterday declared unconstitutional a special public school district carved out by former Gov.
He was appointed Viceroy of Ouidah in 1818 by an Abomey King, Ghezo, who came to power after de Souza helped him overthrow a brutal predecessor.
"The natives have practically died out," said Carleton Kelsey, the village historian and a native.
grant involves a serious post-graduation military stint -- usually eight years, with about half of that on active duty.
The cause was cancer, the organization said.
But it is hard to believe that they would purposely not interview or hire a black man.
In beards and yarmulkes, seven New York area athletes barnstorm the country in 1936, encountering alien cultures in the author's fourth basketball novel.
It looked as if Johnson caught it.
At the midday break, the Nikkei index of 225 issues was down 166.10 points, or nearly eight-tenths of 1 percent, at 21,529.74.
Being under hypnosis is "like going into a daydream," he said.
Competing proposals for a short-term fix by the White House and Congressional Republicans are similar in their basics.
He went on to make the point that the human species is also a throwback to early beginnings: ''Who would remember Helen's face / Lacking the terrible halo of spears?
What to See Flower Forest of Barbados, St. Joseph, (246) 433-8152, is open daily from 9 A.M. to 5 P.M.
Mr. Monroe, who played mandolin and sang in a high, lonesome tenor, created one of the most durable idioms in American music.
"I can't find a piece of land in a location that will give me the kinds of rentals I need to support the cost of construction," he said.
One of them is former Mayor Thirman Milner of Hartford, the first black mayor of a major New England city, elected in 1981, whose great-great-great grandfather fought in the Revolutionary War.
You don't even know he's around.
Promoted RHP Calvin Maduro from Bowie of the Eastern League to Rochester of the International League.
This immediately links "Mount Morgan" to the host of male menopause anxiety fantasies that have swamped literature in this century.
The radio station Radioprogramas reported that Mr. Fujimori's mother was also among those released, but the report could not be confirmed.
''It had the Poe gothic feeling,'' says Burke, ''but to me it didn't feel like it would work for a football team.''
Russian Bank Tightens Credit Struggling to limit the damage from President Boris N. Yeltsin's costly campaign promises, Russia's central bank imposed a series of measures to keep inflation down.
Writers, artists and photographers are recruited from all ranks of society.
He explained: "Lead is a brain poison that interferes with the ability to restrain impulses.
When the Yankees announced Watson's hiring, Steinbrenner was quoted in the club's publicity release as saying, ''We know that New York Yankee fans everywhere will love him and appreciate his talents.''
And if you are Smith, what moves can you make to help Campbell and to please Checketts and to salvage this season?
That was more than any of the four Ivy games, which drew a total of 24,941. .
WHEN ''Clueless,'' the movie about a young cell-phone-toting teen-ager who loves dressing up as much as matchmaking, was released last year, it spurred fashion trends that are still evident today.
Everyone admired the little fish as Mr. McMillan gently unhooked it and sent it on its way.
Whatever one's views of late-term abortions, this bill is not a serious effort to confront the issue directly.
Fini turns the book over in his hands, repeating the Senator's best wishes, quietly emphasizing his tiny but growing credibility outside Italy.
Somehow Ms. Alinder manages to be both sweet and insinuating.
The January increase was 1.5 percent, not the 4.4 percent that the Government had estimated a month ago.
If this story were told on a daytime talk show, the title might be ''Doormen Who Love Too Much and the Tenants Who Love Them (and a Few Who Don't).''
Ms. Arougheti said that she has several clients who have been offered ''proposals'' -- instead of formal contracts -- by some contractors.
Because the gasoline is too expensive to sell outside California, suppliers have extra incentives to keep their inventories lean.
The bridegroom's mother, who is retired, was a clinical psychologist at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York.
Dallara is concerned that his streaking team may cool off during the two-week winter break that stalls the playoffs until March 1.
We thought the Gulf Arabs would form an effective collective defense organization, backed by Egypt.
After that game, he said he was responsible for the defeat, and if he did not play better, he said maybe it was time for Todd Collins, his young backup, to take over.
After one typical spat in a restaurant about their daughter, Kate says, ''I blame you for this.''
The previous director, Barry Light, who was appointed by former Mayor David N. Dinkins, was dismissed when his contract ran out last December.
We are a bug (or a slug or a spider) in the wilderness.
After three years, 57 percent of the patients who started therapy with drugs were still alive, while only 42 percent of the patients in the surgical arm of the study were living.
"Early treatment of high cholesterol in low-risk groups may not improve outcomes," he said.
On Tuesday night, the Brownstone Revival Committee will hold a seminar on how to find craftsmen to repair facades, restore stoops, replace missing wainscotting and rectify a host of other problems encountered by those brave enough to take on a property needing ''T.L.C.''
Between the lines, axes are being ground and 20-year-old scores are being settled.
No student may repeat a comment that has already been made, which forces the writers to study each story closely for hidden gems and flaws.
Miss Turner later denied the story.
Michael D. McCurry, the spokesman, called the column "an outrageous personal attack that has no basis in fact."
"The tobacco industry is the No.
INSIDE PITCH The Mets played without catcher TODD HUNDLEY, who was weakened by a severe case of diarrhea.
In fact, crime levels are still lower now than they were in the late 1940's.
Honorable though they be, they are also mostly desperadoes, people who are so eager for office that they were willing to risk their reputations and maybe their families', too, by subjecting them to the media scrutiny inescapable in today's campaigns.
"He was nonviolent, he was just very much wrapped up in his mathematical research -- I wasn't aware he had any social concerns."
While there, he was in charge of the labor relations certificate program that Cornell conducted for Empire State College of the State University of New York.
Improving communication and relationships 1 1 150 between the sexes.
Mason, who tends to stare down officials after what he sees as a bad call, was whistled for, yes, staring down Alexander.
St. Luke's Episcopal, one of nine Houston hospitals seeking foreign patients, has contracts with insurance companies throughout Latin America and a deal with the Caribbean island of Aruba to provide certain types of specialized care, Mr. Leite-Ferraz said.
Time Warner owns 75 percent of the partnership, and U S West owns 25 percent.
But no amount of marketing, no succession of lopsided scores -- the team has defeated its opponents by an average margin of 19.3 points -- can erase the fact that the United States women lost the gold medal at the Barcelona Games, taking bronze instead.
He declined to say how much the center was asking for it.
Officer strikes debonair poses and gracefully half-dances on the platform.
''Office Depot needed to broaden their management team and strengthen their contract-stationer business, which caters to big companies,'' said Dana Telsey, a Bear, Stearns analyst.
Curtis Leskanic came in and struck out Reggie Sanders but then gave way to Bruce Ruffin (1-1), who blew his first save in six chances when the pinch-hitter Chris Sabo lined a single to center to tie the score.
And, who knows, it may remain fun for several more years.
To be sure, Federal investigators still have work to do before they can claim to have stitched Mr. Kaczynski's life tightly to what is known or believed about the person who mailed or placed 16 bombs from 1978 to 1995, killing 3 people and injuring 23 others.
Nothing beats the perfumed lusciousness of a litchi right off the tree," said Noble Hendrix, a former surgeon who fell in love with litchi nuts and is now a leading grower of the fruit, in Homestead, Fla. "But we provide the next best thing by picking in the morning and flying the fruit to New York that afternoon, so it's on sale the next day."
But most of all, Giles is with the poor children.
Shares of Electronic Arts Inc. fell 12.3 percent yesterday on news that the company would delay the release of new sports titles for the Sony Corporation's Playstation video game.
The Yankees received GABBY MARTINEZ, a 22-year-old infielder, from the Brewers as part of the compensation for the trade in which the Yankees acquired Lloyd and the injured PAT LISTACH.
MIKE PIAZZA homered, doubled and scored twice to lead the Dodgers to a 3-2 victory in the regularly scheduled night game.
The offer was made by a group led by Hisham Araim, a former director of the company, and the investor Robert Nihon.
The remarkable dual career of the 18th-century painter John Singleton Copley is examined in two exhibitions on view at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, through April 28.
It has 102,000 square feet of exhibit space now.
The blueprint involved Israel's acceptance of a demilitarized Palestinian state in most of the West Bank and Gaza Strip, with the option that the state eventually join a confederation with Jordan, Mr. Beilin said.
Bobbies wearing neon yellow jackets and guns on their hips have been in attendance at the changing of the guard.
"My piano playing was liked in the family, even though nobody knew anything about music.
Exercised their 1997 option on LHP Tony Fossas.
Monsanto's heavy investments in agricultural biotechnology have sometimes met with opposition that delayed the payoffs.
On his hands and knees, he bounds like a hare and strolls like an otter.
"All they'd play were fox trots.
''Things in this game happen so fast that there's not a lot of time to react.''
At its least convincing, it is meant to take the curse off shady behavior, like defending the guilty, arresting the innocent or losing a patient.
Move them in for a play at the plate?
Actually, the process is complicated but the formula is simple.
But they got an earlier taste than expected of things to come when G.M.
The Finance Ministry said yesterday that Japan's merchandise trade surplus shrank 83 percent in January from a year ago, to $467 million.
Restricted LOU BENFATTI The defensive tackle injured his neck in the first preseason game and underwent surgery.
Although the development is a homeowners' association, each house will have an individually owned lot of slightly under 1/3 acre to 3/4 acre.
Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, 11 A.M. to 5 P.M.; Sundays and Thursdays, 1 to 5 P.M.
Even restaurants that rely on one or two specialty dishes and strive to keep their messages simple and their menus the same have made adjustments.
In his conversation, the 64-year-old Mr. Turner seemed determined to restore his reputation, which was diminished by ''What's Love Got to Do With It,'' the 1993 film based on Tina Turner's autobiography.
And live music is back: seven-piece bands have been engaged to play at many parties.''
Everywhere there is light: not only natural light from front and rear windows and the roof above the third-floor display rooms but also light that reaches the second floor through little balconies that break up the symmetry of the exhibition rooms.
Such programs are often the sole source of help to a part of the population -- single men -- for whom access to other kinds of government aid is the most restricted because they generally do not have dependent children.
Mr. Rudas added a section to the tent and sold 5,000 more tickets in a day.
In a communique, the ministers endorsed the Clinton Administration's call to go ahead with the Bosnian elections in September as scheduled under the accord reached at Dayton, Ohio, last year, despite the failure to achieve many conditions called for in the peace agreement, such as freedom of movement and the return of refugees to their homes.
MEN BEHAVING BADLY NBC, tonight at 9:30 (Channel 4 in New York) Written by Brown Mandell; directed by James Burrows, Jeff Melman, Tom Cherones, Rod Daniels, Ellen Gittelsohn and Michael Lembeck; Matthew Carlson, Harvey Myman, Marcy Carsey, Tom Werner and Caryn Mandabach, executive producers.
THE Delegates Dining Room at the United Nations is host to a culinary safari this month.
Mr. Brant, who conducted the performance, has used the orchestra imaginatively in his expansion.
Among other efforts are these: Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays, at its national meeting in Washington on Friday, sponsored a session for youths and teachers with topics like ''Forming and Defending Gay/Straight Alliances in Public Schools.''
The most important influences on that trip turned out to be the California houses by Craig Ellwood, in the style of Mies van der Rohe, and the aluminum sculptures of Kenneth Snelson.
Only a few of the soldiers, badly wounded, ever make it out of the tunnel.
The top crusader is Pearl Jam.
But for most people there was no real way to do it.
Many in the Egyptian Foreign Ministry argued against it, contending that these economic summits were part of the Oslo peace process, designed to promote commerce between and within the Arab world and Israel.
On a daily basis, somebody is always trying to take somebody else's clients."
After 3 months of the 10-month migration, she had to stop, and even during those 3 months she was forced to take breaks now and then.
East was Marjorie Wilpon of Staten Island, who thereby captured her first regional title.
''We had the blessing of the weather,'' she said.
A plain T-shirt or a pair of cotton trousers can be picked up for as little as 50 cents or $1.
Essilor of America Inc. said yesterday that it would buy Duffens Optical for about $40 million in cash and notes.
''Thought it was gone,'' Smoltz said.
But Mr. Levine was No.
Businesspage feels more like a word processor than a Web processor.
Matthew F. Alexy, chief market strategist at CS First Boston, said he was impressed with the results of the auction.
CITYWIDE A Week of Events To Aid Communities Nearly 70,000 volunteers are expected to join in Neighborhood Week, a giant citywide effort, beginning on Saturday, to benefit more than 1,700 community improvement projects.
But Mr. Stern said the fact that the Lifeguard School used the pool was instrumental in the city's decision to keep the center open.
All the complaints were either unfounded or resolved, but dealing with them has cost the group time, she said.
Davis, the Denver Broncos' sixth-round choice in the 1995 draft, edged Green Bay's BRETT FAVRE, last year's winner, in the balloting by The Associated Press of a nationwide panel of 93 sportswriters.
No, or at least, not entirely.
Shutdown: Procedural vote to prevent Democrats from offering a proposal to reopen all Government offices temporarily without condition.
They also hoped that the papers might reveal useful information about the longstanding links between the Central Intelligence Agency and the Guatemalan Armed Forces, which have been accused of committing most of the crimes against the Americans.
"She knows exactly what she has to do and goes out and does it and does it well," Jeffrey said.
Clearly distressed, he said: ''This is not something the Transit Authority would put out on their Web site.
Soon after, an elderly woman wearing a vivid pink blouse walked slowly toward Ms. Harrigan's book-lined table.
"If every business in America could accomplish this, it would be a country of monopoly," he said.
Ms. Hill recalled the audience's reaction during a recent gig at the Apollo Theater in Harlem.
Among the offerings are grilled vegetables with a warm tortilla-and-chili sauce ($4), Tuscan fish stew with roasted garlic crostini ($12) and pan-seared sea scallops with herb risotto and broccoli rabe ($20).
When the running game works, though, a team's confidence rises.
We subject racial classifications to strict scrutiny precisely because that scrutiny is necessary to determine whether they are benign as Justice Stevens' hypothetical of a targeted outreach program to protect victims of sickle cell anemia would, no doubt, be or whether they misuse race and foster harmful and divisive stereotypes without a compelling justification.
Some opposition Social Democrats are promoting the notion that Germany's woes may be so enduring -- and so difficult to sell to a nation increasingly worried about its social comforts -- that Mr. Kohl may be forced to negotiate a "grand coalition" like the one that carried Germany through an austerity program in the late 1960's.
As Copland said, ''All of us discovered America in Europe.''
We decided to dispose of lawyering the first three drafts and go directly to the final draft."
But at 36 years old, and finally back under 250 pounds, the 6-foot-3-inch Douglas says he has unfinished business.
''Our forces are limited to our side of the border.''
The other 12 officers punished in the investigation -- four colonels, six lieutenant colonels and two majors -- received lesser punishments, and their names were not made public to allow them ''to learn from their mistakes and to protect their privacy interests,'' the Air Force said in a statement.
Still, "there wasn't a lot of heart in the move up" against the yen, said Jerry Egan, managing director at the MTB Bank.
But can't escape be what a vacation is for?
Mr. Belli steadfastly denied he was trying too much and estimated in 1987 that he had won more than $350 million for clients through cases either won or settled.
BONDS 6.47 6.45 7.44 TELEPHONE BONDS 7.70 7.58 8.31 MUNICIPAL BONDS** 5.68 5.66 6.42 *Estimated daily average, source Telerate **Municipal Bond Index, The Bond Buyer Salomon Brothers and Telerate for Treasury's bellwether bonds, notes and bills
They saw her as just a body.
At 5:35 of the fifth 20-minute overtime period, New Hampshire's Brandy Fisher captured a rebound off the stick of Meghan Smith, the Providence College goalie, and snapped it past Smith into the Friars' goal.
Nothing much more than that."
''I'd hit you in the face, but it's your wedding day,'' says the ringleader (Delroy Lindo) when he catches her.
Today, fortunately, there are a lot of pretty young women walking around, but the atmosphere is shrill.
One woman wanted to take the egg-holders out and use the box for ice cubes.
Thus are modernist masterpieces like "The Waste Land" absurdly reduced to exercises in anti-fat, anti-woman propaganda.
Christine Todd Whitman announced a sweeping Atlantic City roadway and tunnel project that will make it easier to get to the gambling halls along the Boardwalk and to new casinos planned in the undeveloped Marina district.
She bristles when she hears sentiments like Mr. Levy's that most recipients cannot work.
And for most of her life, which is 40 years now, one thing has continuously dogged and bothered her: her nose.
"This is a significant oil spill and we are mobilizing the central Government stockpiles of specialist equipment for oil clean-up," Chris Harris, the chief executive of the Coast Guard Agency, said in a statement.
Public school officials say they have a place for Elana in Public School 33 in Manhattan, but the Saxes say it does not offer enough contact with regular students, as the Cooke program does.
Congressional discussions about changes in the tax law that would have made charitable giving less useful for cutting personal taxes probably also prompted people to speed up donations they otherwise would have made later, said Ms. Raybin, who is president of Raybin Associates, a fund-raising and management consulting firm in Greenwich, Conn. She and others at the fund-raising association also say fund raisers worked harder last year to raise money in the face of threatened government budget cuts.
''The Internet could make a lot of these functions faster, cheaper, safer and more accurate -- if Wall Street and its regulators can move quickly enough to take advantage of it.''
After the killing, Mr. Zelenin cut the body into pieces while Mrs. Gluzman cleaned the apartment, although a search later revealed blood on floors, walls, the ceiling, bathtub and sink, along with damp mops and sponges, the affidavit said.
It is Kau, not Kua.
They also demanded a stronger voice in management of the team.
''It was her first birthday without Bessie, her first on her own.
Major League Soccer is supposed to be the legacy left behind two years ago by the World Cup, which had such great appeal and was a financial success.
A Search For a Father In interviews, Mr. Shakur frequently said that he never knew his father.
Before the fire, while many travelers were still taking advantage of the boom in cheap flights between London and Paris, many more had begun to use Eurostar's sleek, state-of-the-art trains, with their high speeds and convenient city-to-city service.
Mr. Ailes said yesterday that the new channel would provide "objective reporting."
Moonface Bear, also known as Kenneth Piper, claimed he could sell tax-free cigarettes under the power of tribal sovereignty.
The Super Bowl, to be broadcast by Fox on Jan. 26, as well as the N.F.C.
It is therefore imperative that nonprofit theaters maintain an artistic integrity that transcends a dilettante, nebulous, tourist-driven, expense-account theater.
The Mexico City Archbishop, Norberto Rivera Carrera, immediately responded with a public statement announcing that he would personally take control of the basilica for the time being and that the church statutes governing the shrine would be rewritten to subordinate it to archdiocesan control.
Prisoners, poor victims of abuse and aliens seeking refuge from persecution have no political power.
Such legal protection would have to come from the Federal Communications Commission or from Congress.
Appelseis is emblematic of a person with a vision.
Jean Pigozzi, who has a half-dozen homes designed by Sottsass Associati in Europe and America, recalls long, expensive projects.
Every day, we're confronted with fantasies of youthful perfection.
The glow increased in intensity, he said, and then he saw ''two fireballs'' emerge from the cloud and explode into a field of fire when they hit the ground about a minute later.
To the Editor: Re "The Conceit of Progress" (letter, April 20): It was the Crystal Palace in New York City, not London, that burned in 1858.
Businesses, unions and parties have spent hundreds of millions of dollars to drill home differences between the candidates.
RATINGS Poor to Satisfactory, Good, Very Good, Excellent, Extraordinary.
Last month, he went back to the house to watch the filming of that scene.
Ranging far afield in geography and attitude, he found a place on a SoHo corner and took a lease.
has said it hopes to better oversee the industry with new computer software that it will use to analyze records that inspectors have been feeding into a national computer database for many years.
The Americans, fifth after compulsories, had dreamed of winning the bronze at home, and the crowd of 30,788 did its best to egg them on, but after a promising start on the parallel bars and the horizontal bar, Peter Kormann's team fell back with major mistakes on the floor exercise and, more predictably, the pommel horse, its weakest event.
His presence shows that girls and boys can be friends, and because he's black, it shows that blacks and whites can be friends.
The only rule is to be sure to set out plants with the same exposure requirements.
At one polling station at a girls' school in Bethlehem that was assigned to Jerusalem voters, only 70 of 502 registered voters had shown up by mid-afternoon.
Instead, she blithely showed off her tattoos -- the rat, which refers to her maiden name of Ratkovic, and "The Scream," through which she symbolically releases the pain coursing through her feet.
Over the next 39 years, he became radio's longest-running, highest-paid and most controversial interviewer, loathed and loved by his listeners.
And now that excellent fresh fruits are available, ambitious cooks can poach them in sugar syrup, freeze them and use them instead of canned.
For all the solemnity and the lingering smell of incense in the church, it came down to this: It don't mean a thing if it ain't got that swing.
The debate was taped on Aug. 23 and broadcast by CBS TeleNoticias.
The morning-after study focused more on the Irish problems than the fourth-quarter solutions, because the flaws defied the basic tenets of Holtz's 11 seasons at Notre Dame.
Mondays through Fridays, 9 A.M. to 5 P.M.; Saturday, 9 A.M. to 4 P.M. and Sunday, noon to 4 P.M. Free.
8 P.M. Information: (212) 399-0351.
I'm mad about the neighbors and their children laughing at me because my car cannot go from 0 to 80 miles an hour in five seconds, and I'm mad about caring enough to be mad about it because it suggests I have fallen in with the loathsome American habit of judging people's character by the car they drive.
They compared new romance to the "explosive delirium" of dancing the tango, and marriage to an age-old folk dance "full of the collective wisdom of people through history as they settled into the common yet holy work of cooking meals, bearing and raising children and making a community."
The Cornhuskers did not pull out of their free fall for an additional five games, either.
The candidates follow party lines in their disagreement on Bob Dole's proposed 15 percent tax cut.
In fact, the City Charter forbids candidates to use the names of established political parties -- an effort to minimize the impact of parties in special elections.
Rich Dye, 52, a director of the fairgrounds, said that Mr. Dole's visit was ''the biggest thing that ever happened to Montpelier.''
CLIENTELE Families and older people predominate, with 40 percent men and 60 percent women.
The Northeast's third big snowstorm of the winter did not compare with last month's paralyzing blizzard, which left two to three feet of snow in the East.
The autopsy records will eventually be analyzed and presented to the six-judge tribunal that is preparing for trials in Arusha, a border town in Tanzania.
Then she kept telling him that war or no war, he was the leader of all the people and many were suffering.
Last season Dube and Goneau were rivals in the Quebec junior league.
And, then, after announcing his return, the Zodiac withdrew again.
SID VICIOUS AND NANCY SPUNGEN The scandal -- Vicious was known as the most scabrous member of the Sex Pistols, the punk band, and he and Spungen shared a heroin habit.
Lawsuits brought by individuals against tobacco companies are also scheduled to come to trial.
He is barely able to cope with the demand for lectures in Europe and North America and has written, together with the local discoverers of the caves, a series of books and articles.
-- she's made a little piano key, which she places in one of the middle octaves of her diminutive upright.
In any case, no radical candidate of national stature has emerged.
NEXTWAVE TELECOM INC., San Diego, said it would buy $200 million in wireless telephone equipment from Lucent Technologies Inc. Lucent would have the option to supply another $800 million of equipment.
Democrats believe it is to their advantage to keep their rivals in Washington as long as possible.
No matter which park they hike, they said they always happen upon something beautiful; on one day recently it was wild roses, white and faded pink, that dotted the grasses and shrubs that hugged the Madison shoreline.
The Times projections were criticized by some economists and the Clinton Administration as little more than guesses and probably too high.
Still the betting here is that passage tomorrow is an uphill battle.
With Kurt Masur, music director of the Philharmonic, and the program annotator Michael Steinberg.
Even the anonymity, the absence of authorship in medieval writing is similar to the disappearance of the author in computerized writing."
It says that minorities have often been held to lower standards than whites and thus perform at lower levels.
Mr. Enkbold, for one, confessed that he was as surprised as anyone by the election results, and daunted by the tasks that followed.
"It was the closest vote I'd ever seen for a project like this," said Mr. Finkelpearl.
It remains unclear whether that call -- to warn the Northern California utility company that was buying some of Oregon's electricity about problems on the lines -- would have averted what soon became the second major power blackout in six weeks on the largest regional power grid.
Witness, for example, the evolution of the corporate internship.
These days, the come-on of choice for rhythm-and-blues singers is a heated whisper.
In trading in New York late yesterday, the dollar was quoted at 1.5254 marks, up from 1.5245 marks on Friday.
"They'll have to worry about Ulfie," said Brian Leetch.
When Pollock painted, he transcended ordinary life.
A six-theater cineplex is showing Sylvester Stallone's latest.
In her statement she quotes Henry Dumas, Ralph Ellison and Toni Morrison.
Her father is an internist in Syracuse.
The cast-list page of its program book is 'ndeed a fascinating document, beginning with the words: "Opera by George Whyte./ Music by Jost Meier."
''It is an extremely difficult procedure to do,'' said Dr. Eric Mandel, a corneal specialist practicing in Manhattan.
Last week, the Republican Senate and the Democratic Assembly reached an unusual agreement to reject many of the Governor's planned budget cuts and come up with a budget proposal of their own that would restore at least $1.2 billion in spending.
And who's got the other ticket?
Florida's offensive line, which has struggled to overcome injury and suspension, employed its sixth different starting combination and the fourth in as many games.
Reporters concluded that Mr. Clinton in effect was attempting self-innoculation, rehearsing his television comments to come months later when he noted that, yes, the Clintons had problems like other couples but were determined to stay close.
As always in this burgeoning rivalry, this game will be something of a test.
Before her celebrity, her true loves (now on hold) were rugby, beer and sports trading cards, a passion so consuming that its pursuit caused her to max out four credit cards.
The biggest victory in Tampa Bay Buccaneers history didn't come on the field.
This time, however, was different.
The evidence so far has been mixed.
"What we are seeing, unfortunately, is just a total breakdown of law and order," said a Western diplomat.
Minor questions were raised in only two Yonkers projects, both of them D.E.P.
But Mr. Schnabel's vignettes make that point so firmly and repetitively that the film soon has little left to discover.
We're going to split it up."
Computer's Flash of Insight A computer program has come up with a math proof in work that would have been called creative if done by a human.
That collapse should serve as a warning to someone who hopes that stamp collecting can be a consistent money earner.
''I don't have a magic wand, but I have the children of the uprising,'' he added.
When he got out of his car, however, he was immediately recognized by nearly everyone in the crowd, white and black.
"There are still more bears than bulls."
A former air traffic controller was accused yesterday of defrauding the Federal Government of over $830,000 in Workers' Compensation benefits for back injuries since 1973, after he was seen loading 90-pound shelving units at his Long Island business.
Theoretically, President Clinton's new book is 178 pages of earnest discussion of the problems and opportunities facing late 20th-century America, and his view of how best to confront them.
Real-estate agents have long been known that certain addresses gave access to desirable schools.
If Pearl Jam had not been feuding with Ticketmaster, which controls most of America's larger halls and arenas, the band could have barnstormed the country; instead, it played a smaller tour of arenas that don't have exclusive contracts with Ticketmaster.
"The Governor feels the Port Authority provides not only valuable services to people in the region," Ms. Taylor said.
Pricecostco Inc., the members-only retail food and supply warehouse chain, plans to open a 150,000-square-foot Pricecosto store Nov. 15, just off the Gowanus Expressway at 39th Street and Third Avenue in Sunset Park, Brooklyn.
He's struck by the image of Bousquet, its surface clotted, "moldy," he says.
After earning a degree in television and film production at the New York Institute of Technology on Long Island, he embarked on a career in rock.
The purported plot failed; the student said he threw the explosive away and contacted Embassy officials.
The city officials maintained that Time Warner and Cablevision could not legally block commercial-free programming on the city-run channels.
In a telephone interview, Ms. Verdon said: "One reason Donna dances so well at her age is that she's an actress-dancer.
TIME TO SYNCHRONIZE On Mr. Rachofsky's clock, 12 coincides with noon to avoid confusion.
My objective is not to replace Carl Lewis."
But yesterday, in their first hotel inquisitions at a lectern, Switzer and Cowher appeared to be rolling with the punches.
Note how the H's go off duty like cabs in the rain, and the ''th'' is pronounced as though it were ''t.''
"Pete was the guy that started all this," Lemaire said of Sykora, the team's first-round draft choice last season.
Ms. Chang, in flawless makeup and a stylish ankle-length skirt, raised her head to the microphone.
Trudging along the banks of the Hudson River near Grant's Tomb at 123d Street one spring day, I spotted a gray stone object hidden in the trees below the path.
But if Chicago wins the first two games at home, the Bulls may pack a broom for the trip to Seattle.
An easy way to do that is aiming the light at a 30-degree angle from the vertical.
The President brought up Mr. Kemp only when he reminded the audience that Mr. Kemp ''once said that Bob Dole never met a tax he didn't hike.''
Let it be said that the Bulls were strong in 1994 without Jordan: Chicago games during his retirement beat the NBC average by 30 percent, 5.2-4.1.
Roberto Donna is a chef whose secret passion is more costly than anything he serves at his finest restaurant, Galileo, but he doesn't like to talk about it.
Tyler is, she said, "a major grouch" who greets her each morning with hisses.
The dollar rose as high as 1.2356 Swiss francs, before settling in New York at 1.2347 francs, up from 1.2260 on Friday.
Fox and the Cartoon Network each have about five million subscribers.
Pipes have to be drained and the house must be properly winterized, said Ernest Schade, owner of Robertson Realty in Sag Harbor.
Even the date of the parade, meant to correspond with Turkey's National Independence and Children's Day, had to be changed several years ago because it fell a day before the Armenian community's commemoration of the 1915 massacres under the Ottoman Turks.
The four-week moving average of new weekly jobless claims fell by 15,250, to 371,750, during the period ended last week.
The contradictions are nearly impossible to resolve but easy to understand.
"I've always had a problem in the past," he said, "because I'd win a race and zoom, I'd go sky high.
Transit to go directly in to Penn Station, instead of ending in Hoboken, where riders now transfer to PATH trains.
A Berlin story, one of countless like it, for this remains a haunted city of layers, disappearances and trails that come to nothing in the shallow local sand.
To win in Orlando, the Knicks need one of their strongest efforts of the season.
Last week, as the Giants were deciding the fate of Coach Dan Reeves, there were so many closed doors it was as if the Giants thought their offices were being spied upon.
The $14 million travel information system will be offered to Georgia once the trial is completed.
Northwest sells a book of four coupons for $540, with no blackout dates.
To the Editor: Re Jacob Heilbrunn's and Michael Lind's analysis of post-cold-war United States foreign policy ("The Third American Empire," Op-Ed, Jan. 2): The authors describe an American drive for empire as an end in itself, without adequately considering the motivations behind American foreign policy and whether those motivations may actually be antithetical to what most people would consider an "American Empire."
If Robinson can't turn around this franchise quickly, the Kings' new owners may get a severe case of buyers' remorse.
Galindo and Hollander were making their first appearances at the worlds, so they essentially had to establish their international credentials.
"We do not want to comment on this issue," a senior Government official said.
They say they have noticed an increase in clients coming in for weaves because their hair had been damaged by chemicals.And Dr. Mosely says that the growth in the black hair business is directly related to a rise in his own business.
The Dow lost 37 -- treading water, by this week's standards.
Despite opposition from merchants and nearby civic groups, residents of northwestern Jamaica Estates are closer to receiving relief from a flooding and sewage problem that often caused human waste to back up into their houses.
Ultimately many bankers believe that customers will pay a monthly fee of $1 or $1.50, or a transaction fee to load money onto the card.
But most are cooperating to some degree or other, says Mr. McDonald.
"As a result, the market held its own."
In his last start, last Wednesday night against the Rangers, he walked a season-high six batters.
Federal regulations require that every garage sale must carry certain basics: a stack of old National Geographics, one set of heated hair rollers, a waffle iron, at least one never-used exercise machine, six or more broken lamps and a dysfunctional lawnmower.
Her father is a senior vice president of SPSS, a software company, and her mother is a lawyer, both in Chicago.
Jennifer Capriati, at 20 light years away from the bubbly 14-year-old phenomenon who charmed the French Open in 1990, is an adult now, but she is making her comeback in baby steps.
"They want to keep themselves free in case television or a movie comes up," he explained.
But any team claiming George on waivers assumes the remaining share of his $3.6 million salary -- about $1.9 million.
The County Executive, Thomas S. Gulotta, offered the proposal in his first address to the Legislature, saying it would allow for the expansion of workfare to the approximately 1,100 welfare recipients with school-age children.
But until his downfall for accepting bribes a few years ago, he was considered Japan's most powerful politician, effectively able to anoint and dismiss prime ministers.
LAMALLE KITCHENWARE 36 West 25th Street, $19.95.
The Knicks play host to the Atlanta Hawks tomorrow.
In the midst of danger, luck plays a big part.
People had to work hard to resolve to dislike Orson Welles; otherwise they were seduced."
On Friday, the Nikkei fell by 236.13 points.
In its one pass, the Apple recognizes millions of variations of color.
title game here against the Packers.
It is struggling to recover from failures to gauge demand, manufacturing problems and crippling management turmoil that scared off customers earlier this year.
On other markets, copper fell while soybeans rose.
In Wisconsin, however, Mr. Dole gave a policy speech on welfare in the disciplined style the topic deserved.
Because of an error in computerized page design, a label was misplaced in some copies yesterday beneath a front-page picture of a meeting of television network executives with President Clinton and Vice President Gore.
"Welles just stared at him," Mr. Forrester recalled, "and said: 'Howard, come on!
Interrupting him, Mr. Jennings said, ''You can't say that on the air, Mr.
In a 29-page opinion issued on Monday, she ordered the $32,000 refunded, plus interests and costs.
Charleston's redevelopment is guided by a Board of Architectural Review, which mandates all aspects of a building's design, all the way to the color of the mortar.
The bridegroom graduated from the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and received his medical degree from the Albany Medical College.
The program, which was planned by a company called Artsvision, is to be administered, somewhat independently from the Board of Education, by the newly formed Center for Arts Education.
Amtrak then began operating on normal Sunday schedules with 65 trains, Amtrak officials said.
Nonetheless, some people try to squeeze this music into a unified theory, to find a bridge that will link the pop ballads of Mariah Carey with the alternative rock of the Smashing Pumpkins and the staccato rap of Bone Thugs-n-Harmony.
Admission: $5; $2.50 for the elderly; free for those under 2.
Melissa Ann Karmen, a daughter of Myrna Karmen and Dr. Anatole Karmen of East Hills, L.I., was married on Wednesday to Michael David Boxer, a son of Enid and Leonard Boxer of New York.
The sluggish Yankees were motivated by a lineup that produced homers from Tino Martinez, Cecil Fielder and Bernie Williams; Pettitte's penchant for winning after a Yankee loss; the frustration of losing three straight to the Mariners, and not wanting to be swept by Seattle at the Stadium for the first time.
The parents here are pretty intense, and most of them didn't go to Ivy colleges, and they are doing well enough to spend $15,000 a year on tuition alone.
At the same time, the Cooper's Ferry Development Association, a nonprofit corporation that for 12 years has led efforts to develop the city's waterfront, is battling Mr. Webster for control of major projects.
As it happens, the same company traded in the public market, in the OTC Bulletin Board, for just 75 cents a share last May.
The Yankees haven't looked good since the All-Star Game break.
Doors and window frames are painted vivid colors, rug patterns mixed, furniture scaled to room size and some ceilings raised and dramatically contoured.
Mrs. Boyle, 27, graduated from the University of Colorado at Boulder.
$(A1.$) Lowe Sues Former Executives Lowe Direct sued five executives who left to form their own shop.
22 were continuing to mount the classroom doors, which arrived on Tuesday from Texas.
"And though he said he's not seeing a problem there, he's also keeping an eye on the numbers."
I don't know anyone else who can say that.
He said there was the potential to sell more cars if Mazda remained independent, rather than becoming merely a division of Ford, like Lincoln-Mercury.
The cause of the upheaval was the impending passage of the city's gay-rights bill.
The covenants that were established at the start are still in force.
A man shouts, "The police attacked us."
He was a trustee of the Federation of Jewish Philanthropies and served as a director of the 1964/1965 New York World's Fair.
The only answer is multi-localism -- democratizing globalization so that people everywhere feel some stake in how it impacts their lives.
Lot more interesting than the same old malarkey about some Washington politician's television style, isn't it?
In response to what it sees as hypocrisy on the part of the state and Olympic officials, Amnesty International, which monitors executions, attacked the host state's human-rights record this week, calling it "blatantly racist" in its application of the death penalty.
Half the voters in the South Carolina exit poll described Mr. Buchanan as too extreme, and Mr. Dole took about 6 in 10 of their votes.
His daughter, Susan, also a Republican, succeeded him in Congress in 1990.
He said the spending request made in November 1993 by Ramon C. Cortines, then the Schools Chancellor, was well beyond what the city could afford.
The Kemp Commission, recruited by Newt Gingrich to give his party a tonier image on economic issues, is calling for an end to the income tax as we know it.
"The law has all these due process provisions for terrorists that allow them, as noncitizens suspected of terrorism, to apply for a bond for release from detention, but no such bond release for longtime permanent residents.
He was joined by Mr. Bruno, who is considered Mr. Pataki's strongest legislative ally.
To be sure, Mr. Hashimoto has not lived up to the enthusiasm that greeted him when he took office in January, seeming young and dynamic by the standards of Japanese politics.
Two days later, the clan elders and other politicians in Mr. Aidid's coalition government were meeting frantically to find a successor.
Mlicki, who also had three scoreless innings against the Reds on Friday, pitched a 1-2-3 eighth against the Rockies, striking out two.
In the movie, a lovelorn botanist uses bushels of Sterlings ("Every one in the city," one character says) to woo a reluctantly romantic New York workaholic.
Initially, Mr. Jewell, who was working as a private security guard at the park, was hailed as a hero for finding the knapsack that contained the bomb and helping to clear crowds from the area.
$(B1.$) A New Name on the Block On the 100th anniversary of the first issue of The New York Times published under the ownership of Adolph S. Ochs, the newspaper took over the street with a box-lunch picnic for 2,000 employees, a four-piece Dixieland jazz band and a ceremony in which Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani renamed the block Adolph S. Ochs Street.
Somewhere in all this was grist for every mill; it had only to be used selectively.
And Mr. Pataki is withholding his support from a final budget deal until he wins agreement on several nonbudget items, including workers' compensation, the bond act and domestic violence measures.
He acknowledged that the wines at his grandmother's seders in the 1920's were heavy and sweet.
Many come from as far off as Boston, Cleveland, Rhode Island and Delaware.
In both appearances, Mr. Clinton took pains to praise Mr. Yeltsin's victory at the polls in Russia, asking the citizens of Youngstown to join him in a round of applause and making a joshing reference at the eagle release ceremony to his own looming electoral matchup.
The average American signs 270 checks a year, according to Citibank, compared with 10 for the average German.
After handcuffing two employees, smashing doors and stripping the shelves bare of stuffed animals, T-shirts and candles, the police hauled away $12,000 worth of merchandise they deemed contraband.
Now we were getting close to the finish.
In addition to his wife, Mr. Coyle is survived by two stepsons, Greg and Ken Sharp; a stepdaughter, Cathy Kremer, and six step-grandchildren.
Mayor John Dorin wondered later, voicing his town's confusion in the face of the loss of 21 people out of only 5,000.
Or at least someone else made me see it was over."
Madonna has to spend a good long while in unflattering Depression garb, pretending to be a 15-year-old country girl who tangos and sleeps her way to a better life as ''a Buenos Aires big apple.''
Air Force and Delta Air Lines planes were evacuated from the airport, which remained open.
Just last week, the officials note, the Turkish Parliament voted to extend the operation that allows NATO aircraft based in Turkey to patrol northern Iraq, to protect Iraqi Kurds from President Saddam Hussein.
Brett Favre is the reason the Packers, now 12-5, have their best team since Vince Lombardi's last team, the Super Bowl II champions.
Swainson's hawks nest on prairies, plains and deserts west of the Mississippi River, usually from May to August.
Hospital officials said the player apparently suffered a heart attack.
The owner of the Winston Wachter Fine Art gallery on East 65th Street, Stacey Winston, also sitting at the table, said most of her clientele was 25 to 30.
"Actually, our own statistics show prices going down for Carnegie Hill," said Barbara Corcoran of the Corcoran Group.
Catherine Byrd, a spokeswoman in Birmingham for Bruno's, which is owned by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Company, said that because the review was in its preliminary stages, she could not estimate when a decision was expected.
As I pore over cookbooks, looking for an alternative to the spinach soup and chicken marbella I have prepared at least a hundred times, he always says to me: "Why don't we just have your lasagna?
These days, the New Yorker has talked more about the need to weed out supposed signature fraud.
Also, salt gives flavor to the ordinary, and this quality is what Ms. Thompson argues would be gained from bringing back Hestia.
The appeal of Chicago's "Ring" has to do with the exceptional cast: a compendium of the best on the Wagner circuit.
Both Mr. Grossich and Mr. Shuster say that about 10 percent of their lounges' patrons are women.
But we didn't pay much attention to Henry Schein Inc.
He also mangled his 40th home run on his 294th at-bat of the season -- the fastest to 40 since Ruth did it in his 316th at-bat in 1928 -- but he boasts more about his first Little League at-bat.
His prettiest fishtail dresses floated with a layer of gauze over the chiffon slip beneath, sometimes in a deep midnight color, like a scrim shielding the models' vulnerable forms.
Like Mrs. Warshaw, Mrs. Deak would not reveal her age, but she did say that she is a widow, that her late husband, Nicholas, was in international banking and that she lives at the Westchester Country Club in Rye.
Bethpage has never had another football coach.
When it did succeed, on "Love Is Blindness," there was a sense of great generosity on her part.
Under Olympic rules, he could run for Denmark only if Kenya approved, and his former country would not.
''All the critics aside, I'm going to be with him.
Those discussions, in which the Mexican President is said by officials to have voiced his own concerns over drug trafficking as a national security issue, have been followed by closer cooperation between American and Mexican drug enforcement units on the Southwest border and by concrete actions, like last month's arrest of Juan Garcia Abrego, the Mexican drug lord on the F.B.I.
But there is marketing magic to Belle, which is why he was treated so leniently.
The workshop's founders, Hoffmann, an architect, and Koloman Moser, a designer, are well represented in both shows.
"It's like when we read in the papers of a serial killer and eventually get to hear the background of abuse he suffered," she said.
It was like something caught in a hinge.
On at least one occasion, physicists said they did not fully appreciate the significance of their discovery until they read about it in Mr. Sullivan's article the next day.
By the time he returned to Nashville in 1993, Mr. Alexander had made Washington a major axis of his burgeoning political network.Now, as Mr. Alexander's campaign has gained momentum, some advisers are telling him not to run away from his Washington experience.
Watchung Square, as the project is known, would meet the definition of a power center that the International Council of Shopping Centers, based in Manhattan, uses: an open-air retail strip with 250,000 to 750,000 square feet of space and three or more large speciality stores.
The Rotary Club has plans to put together a book of the E-mail condolences and sell it to raise money for scholarships in the victims' names.
The company said Mr. Kenyon, who since 1990 has been president and chief operating officer of South Carolina Electric and Gas Company, which operates a nuclear plant, will assume his duties on Sept. 3.
There are 15 different endings possible in "Psychic Detective," and a multitude of ways of getting there.
Mark Chinitz, who lives next door to the fraternity, Tau Epsilon Phi, won't miss the loud all-night parties.
In light of all that, what Wetteland did in setting the side down in order in the ninth was just short of a miracle.
The bride's grandfather William Batterman Ruger is a founder and the chairman of the company.
COLLECTIBLE cars live in their own economic world.
"He wrote to the dog."
And by this evening, the operation was almost back to the conditions under which the search and salvage team prefers to work -- silent and steady, like the floor of the sea itself.
The exhibition has the effect of multiplying from simple school lessons into adult reflection.
"We have to step up and beat a team that's better than us," said Fitzsimmons.
Boston's paintings always hung soberly in chronological order according to nationality.
The second message is, 'Don't count on the Americans to help you.'
I can see Jeane Kirkpatrick and Richard Lugar, potential Secretaries of State; John McCain, who carries weight on Defense; Paul Wolfowitz and Richard Perle, possible national security advisers; and for educational purposes, the House Budget chairman, John Kasich, long shot for V.P.
A news analysis article last Wednesday about American policy toward Taiwan referred imprecisely to the timing of the United States' cancellation of its mutual defense treaty with Taiwan.
Though his discoveries found no immediate technical use, his explanation of how a foreign atom invades and distorts the symmetrical structure of a crystal was basic to the electronic interactions in today's computer memory systems.
Among other players who are candidates for pre-deadline trades are Bobby Bonilla of Baltimore, Kevin Mitchell and Jamie Moyer of Boston, Ricky Bones of Milwaukee, Mark Leiter of San Francisco, Curt Schilling and Terry Mulholland of Philadelphia and Tim Belcher of Kansas City.
When Mr. Terrero was arrested two days after the theft, Federal authorities said they believed he had little idea of the value of what he had stolen and no idea of the prominence of its owner.
Mr. Gaul inspected the scene of the accident yesterday afternoon.
Not all celebrities, of course, have the kind of cachet that drives up the price.
At this point the movie's soundtrack enters the girl-group era, when gritty tales of urban romance were packaged in pretty Top 40 hits.
The peace agreement Mr. Yeltsin reached with Chechen fighters in May quelled combat briefly, but a new rebel offensive this week re-ignited the war.
So I don't want my child to have a war, too.
He had won all 25 of his professional fights, including three straight first-round knockouts.
''You can't help wanting to save him from this terrible disaster.
Howard, Weil, Labouisse, Friedrichs Inc. 8X8 Inc., Santa Clara, Calif., an initial public offering of 2.5 million shares.
Occasionally, there are blurry crowds of people: Union infantrymen parading before their white peaked tents; a huddled column of Confederate prisoners herded by Union cavalry, and masses of soldiers and civilians gathering for the dedication of the Gettysburg battleground as a national soldiers' cemetery on Nov. 19, 1863.
"I'm just as thrilled about this accomplishment as I am about any other accomplishment I have achieved over the past six years," he said.
COUNTRY FAIR, Quarry Hill Road, Haddam Neck.
Netscape executives said, however, that they did not believe that Active-X would ever enjoy broad support on the Internet.
Previously, the Jets brought in O'Donnell's old offensive coordinator, Ron Erhardt, and tight ends coach, Pat Hodgson.
President Clinton opposes a voluntary prayer amendment.
But Peter Reuter, a drug-policy expert at the University of Maryland, said, ''This implies, for example, that the hundreds of thousands of domestic arrests and imprisonments, the 70 or so tons that the D.E.A.
"As an Army brat," the Speaker said, "I'm particularly appreciative of it because I've lived in military communities."
Over all, the average work force among the responding companies grew by 6 percent, compared with a gain of 4.5 percent in the previous survey.
His first attempt was a paltry 26- 1/4.
Politics is a collaborative effort in the Daley family.
Up until Friday morning, 500 workers were still assigned to snow removal and 1,500 to collection.
RESTAURANTS State: Allowed at 25 percent of seats.
12 SILENT TREATMENT, by Michael Palmer.
The warning stopped short of extending the warning to all calcium channel blockers, saying that studies yielded conflicting data.
The Fire Department is working with the telephone companies to install more pay phones in areas where they are lacking, Mr. Safir said, and it intends to place cellular phones in some parts of the city.
But they never had to deal with nearly 500 news media credentials issued the night of a regular-season game, and the never-ending distractions of a public that has become almost too adoring.
The police said they did not know how the woman had obtained the grenades, which were of East European origin.
Rebekah has a date (male) for the movies, and I'm cooking for friends.
It had recently had a serious budget deficit, as contributions ceased to increase while spending went on growing.
Sehorn said that the Giants' offer was ''a good starting point'' but that discussions were over for now.
But we haven't had an effect yet in the daily lives of the victims."
The collection is housed in more than a dozen royal palaces and homes, including Buckingham Palace, Hampton Court, St. James's Palace, Kensington Palace, Balmoral Castle and Windsor Castle.
''No one ever came to my face and said anything.
The estimable Mr. Ferre is in danger of designing himself off the fashion map with the likes of bland blond sheaths, velvet and lace bras and bustiers, a green and red tartan dress veiled in black lace and a high-shouldered leopard-print jacket with red belt cinching the waist.
It is a symbol, a totem, in many ways of the community.
Mr. Herman, 31, is a founding partner in the Kingshill Group, a merchant banking and management consulting firm in New York.
''It was part of his appreciation for art and the art scene,'' Ms. Masucci said.
It'd be like swimming in the ocean and not getting wet.''
That happened to Mariah at 7:10 A.M. yesterday, according to a statement released by St. Vincent's Hospital in Greenwich Village, which had been caring for Mariah since Feb. 29.
Last year, Mr. Morgenthau's office and the courts approved the sale of the Barretti Carting Company, whose owner had been indicted.
It is also the people whose jobs and interests, views and aspirations, lives and family histories, give the state its character.
Gay, who leases his hunting land, said the ban financially affected not only guides, but also other businesses like hotels, restaurants and sporting-goods stores.
Allison Leigh Sharfman, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Richard M. Sharfman of Short Hills, N.J., was married last evening to Jonathan Jay Harris, a son of Linda Harris of Wayne, N.J., and the late Morton Harris.
The findings will be checked out next year by another spacecraft.
Some of the routes are rated Class 5 or above, which means that a bit of Spiderman-like athleticism is needed to ascend.
it was a typographical error.
A day after Republican Congressional leaders broke off budget talks with the White House, President Clinton sought to portray himself as the conciliator, saying he would keep the door open to a deal that "is clearly within our grasp right now."
Competing With Zagat The Romac Report, based in the Philadelphia area, has just published a guide to New York City restaurants, available in bookstores for $11.95.
They said that a maneuver was a procedure involving an expert movement, while a method involved a series of steps, as in a urinalysis, and I shouted, 'Call it a maneuver!'
DONALD J. MARTIN Hilton Head Island, S.C.
Within four years, Newton Compton had issued 200 titles at super-economici prices, selling a staggering 10 million copies.
His poll ratings began to drop, problems began to plague his managers and fund-raisers, and the bandwagon went off the road.
Then in my first paycheck I noticed that $500 had been taken out.''
Katzenberg managed to outflank competitors for Fox, a former television star whose decision to return to TV made him a hot commodity.
"I took my daughter to a birthday party, and there were four Suburbans at once all trying to turn around in the driveway," said Christina Robinson, whose family traded in a Mercedes station wagon in February for a Suburban.
But if the bailout plan lacks certainty, it has a trump card that stops its critics dead in their tracks: without it, Lloyd's would go bust, and the thought of a world without Lloyd's makes many risk managers blanch.
Mike Kornblau, a sophomore from New York who attended the Dalton School in Manhattan, has started Grambling's last nine games.
The president of the 1,000-member Concerned Citizens of Montauc, Rav Freidel, attacked Mr. Pataki for "his support of the U.S. Navy's reckless poisoning of Long Island Sound."
While inflation has remained at a minimal 2 to 3 percent, the recent Government and industry statistics, however late and incomplete, show that the economy is weakening by most measures.
Other Republicans mentioned Mr. Powell, as well, even those who disagreed with his stand favoring abortion rights.
A Public Spectacle Saddens a Friend Irsay resents that his stepmother has let people question his father.
Nicholas DiMarzio Jr. grew up in the shadow of Newark's Sacred Heart Cathedral, now a basilica.
Mr. Davila, who still faces fraud charges, was accused of failing to declare about $500,000, on his income tax forms in 1993.
But Serb shelling of civilians in Sarajevo eventually provoked NATO warplanes and heavy guns to blast the Bosnian Serb army for two weeks this September, crippling the Bosnian Serb war machine.
Supporters of the assessment are focusing on the Federal Government, seeing a window of opportunity in a Presidential election year.
Miss Choi remained in North Korea, essentially as a hostage.
The Mayor also appointed Gaston Silva as the Commissioner of the Department of Buildings, replacing Joel A. Miele, who is now the Commissioner of the Department of Environmental Protection.
When he played, Robinson said, if the fielder fielded the ball in the baseline, he was "fair game."
Scott H. Strauss, a member of another of the ward's advisory neighborhood commission, said he was frustrated at trying to help his constituents sway City Hall policy.
"I'll be happy if I get 1,000 votes today."
There are also checks, plaids, stripes, argyles and Op Art-style effects for the truly daring.
I have a very mean sense of humor.''
Dr. Lavie interprets this as their way of preventing "the traumatic experiences of their pasts from surfacing and disturbing their sleep."
Mr. Kassar and Andrew J. Vajna, who founded the company in 1976 (Mr. Vajna left in 1989, when he sold his Carolco stock for a little more than $100 million), are both reportedly under investigation by the I.R.S., too.
It would neither confirm nor deny that it is investigating Vinik, but the head of the Securities and Exchange Commission's investment-management division, Barry Barbash, told The Journal that Vinik's activities "raised questions" under the anti-fraud provisions of the 1934 Securities Exchange Act.
The Justices may feel obliged to review other cases to explore the full range of issues.
Never sell out the future of our people for money."
The other three teams -- Dallas, San Jose and Tampa -- will be operated by the league this season, although additional investor operators will undoubtedly be sought for the future.
If this notion is too tough for children to accept, it is supposed to be.
Diplomatic Status Of Consuls Q. I am thinking about renting my condo apartment to a foreign consular officer.
Even though it was nearly sundown, Byambaa, a handsome woman of 50 in a blue Mongolian tunic and green kerchief, did not look surprised when Tomur and Lutaa, my guide, randomly chose her ger for a visit.
"The current students know that these things will happen, but they don't have the faith that they might be the ones who accomplish those tasks -- in short, we've cut out hope."
It's the skies -- and the satellites that rove silently through them -- that Mary Anselmo may not have as much control over.
After he took over he further solidified his authority by dismissing all the officers left over from his grandfather's reign.
Despite the fact that some people are charging more for a bottle of wine than some other people earn in a year, there is still more than enough wine around.
Ms. McKee, who sang with the country-rock band Lone Justice in the 1980's, has metamorphosed into a rock diva.
Though a spokesman, Mr. O'Mara, who is the state's chief regulator of the electric and natural gas industry, said that his $25,000 payment compensated him for quitting his law job and working full time on Mr. Pataki's transition between November 1994 and mid-February 1995.
Grandfather is clearly one in a long history of artists without an income, and not much of an art.
It did not take the influx of youngsters such as Carl Everett and Alex Ochoa to drive that point home.
"We're in a stage where supplies are in excess of what is being consumed," said Edward H. Murphy, the director of finance, accounting and statistics at the petroleum institute.
A Jeep Grand Wagoneer, with the seats folded down, will hold 200.
Some are professionals; others are aspiring toward their goal but have day jobs, and others are students.
Mr. Scelsa's taste is similar to WFUV's.
The massive stone formations and rugged outcroppings of moss-covered ledgerock provided ideal denning sites for coyotes, whose own breeding season was just coming to a close.
In their search, Mr. Ellroy and a retired L.A. detective sift through countless cases in which men abused and mutilated women.
People say weed makes you stupid.
Mr. Valenti is sanguine about winning approval for the latest expansion.
While our classmates headed for Daytona for beach and bacchanals, my college roommate Chuck and I piled into a dented maroon Chevy Impala and set off for Orlando, and the tamer pleasures of fly balls and infield practice.
President Clinton, defending his veto of a bill banning a kind of late-term abortion, emotionally voiced his concern about women who risked losing their ability to give birth again if they do not get abortions.
While bond and stock traders retain vivid memories of 1994, when the Federal Reserve raised short-term interest rates by 2.5 percentage points., "I don't see that scenario repeating itself," he added.
But Federal law enforcement authorities said early today that the F.B.I.
The major political parties had conflicting philosophies and their candidates in most cases had to go out and hustle for votes.
John G. Rowland said today.
The capital was relatively calm today.
My lawyers informed me that there was no reason to expedite my divorce since there are no children involved.
For much of this spring, Mr. Pataki has been steering his administration on a moderate tack, doing and saying things that have confounded and angered his conservative allies even as they have surprised and delighted the consumer advocates, women's groups and environmentalists.
The Mets lost the game, 9-1, and Person lost much of the reasoning behind keeping him in the rotation when Wilson returns from the disabled list on July 15.
''They sell low-quality merchandise in so-so retail locations that don't attract traffic,'' said Peter A. Chapman, president of Bankruptcy Creditors' Service Inc., a research consulting firm in Princeton, N.J. Best emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection for the first time in June 1994.
"Up until now, my guerrillas knew how to avoid death," Mr. Ocalan was quoted by the Munich-based Suddeutsche Zeitung as saying in Lebanon.
After a Pitt timeout, Santiago missed the first before hitting the second free throw.
South must lead to the heart king, lead a low spade, and allow West to win with the queen.
A comparison of success rates at the nation's infertility clinics can be ordered from the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology, a self-regulatory group in Birmingham, Ala., by calling (205) 978-5000.
He also contends that the numbers are inflated by inclusion of revenues from fur storage and fabric coats trimmed in fur, a charge Ms. Kenyon's group denies.
Projects include new road and drainage systems, new utilities and, last week, the dedication of a new control tower and ground-breaking for new dormitories.
That, too, was a first for the family, which later put the company up for sale.
Those echoes will not sleep late Saturday.
Because of American leadership, more people than ever before live free and at peace, and Americans have known 50 years of prosperity and security.
game that makes the first two days so delightful.
Mr. Yousef also used his closing statement to offer an explanation for an incriminating statement that a Federal agent said the defendant made when he was being escorted to New York.
''If one of the elements of this test is a significant pulling of bags, that will disrupt the system,'' he said.
And the Whitewater independent counsel, Kenneth W. Starr, is entering a crucial phase of his investigation in which he will decide whether to bring new charges, issue a critical report or exonerate anyone.
He promoted all five of them.
Bumper stickers and buttons abound.
The House last week went off in a different direction.
In addition to the catchy Web addresses, it has hit on a second tactic: opening lots of smaller sites instead of building one huge one.
Mr. Dibdin "has transcended his own superb craftsmanship," Marilyn Stasio wrote in the Book Review last year.
''Whether or not they're going to be successful is what this campaign is all about.''
The camp leaders have in effect used the refugees as hostages, intimidating them from returning to Rwanda.
His aides said the declaration would be tucked harmlessly in the platform's preamble, where it would amount to a broad plea for tolerance on all issues, and not tied to the abortion plank.
Their apartment is cluttered with medicine bottles.
(June 18-19); Merce Cunningham Dance Company (June 20-22); American Repertory Dance Company (June 25-26); Dayton Contemporary Dance Company (June 27-29) Eiko and Koma (June 30-July 1); Mary Dendy Dance and Theater (July 2-3); Mark Morris Dance Group (July 4-6); Joao Fiadeiro and Vera Mantero from Portugal (July 9-10); Parsons Dance Company (July 11-13); International Choreographers (July 16-17); Paul Taylor Dance Company (July 18-20).
For more information about the celebration, the numbers are 255-2705 or 222-8702; for information about the chowder festival, the number is 259-5541.
Sitting a few feet behind him, in a slightly elevated director's chair and out of camera range, is the prattling voice itself, contained in the slender body of Larry David, the show's 47-year-old executive producer, co-creator, writer, onetime stand-up comic and passionate, lifelong Yankees fan.
LAMAR ALEXANDER He spoke at a news conference in Concord, N.H.: Pat Buchanan ran a good race in Iowa.
While Merrill and other firms are finding that savings rates have yet to improve significantly, many Wall Street executives say they are seeing the first stirrings of interest in more investing.
Mr. Garrett was married to Molly Yard, the former president of the National Organization of Women.
Crews are now stripping walls to the bare brick, restoring century-old windows and adding glass partitions so that visitors can see the bread being baked and the lobsters in their tanks.
* House Beautiful magazine, New York, a publication of Hearst Corp., to Margeotes/Fertitta & Partners, New York, to handle its account, which had been inactive.
We sell them at 10 percent above the net cost that we produce the house at.
But that has not been reflected in our market value."
Dr. Peter Lurie of the University of California at San Francisco, a needle-exchange researcher who signed the letter with Dr. Wolfe, said injection-drug use is now the leading cause of new infections with H.I.V., the virus that causes AIDS.
Tigers 7, Mariners 3 Omar Olivares pitched a five-hitter against visiting Seattle for his first American League victory -- and Detroit's first complete game -- thanks in part to three more home runs by the Tigers.
But after 28 Nd5 Qd8 29 Qf2 Nb4, Kasparov started the final crushing attack against both wings with 30 Nb6!
Every single freshman said that that is outrageous.
A couple of months ago, Jim Leyland went to market and, leaving Pittsburgh, wound up in Florida for about $1.5 million a year.
Sanchez Vicario even did the unprecedented and complimented Davenport, who lost 20 pounds this spring as part of her pre-Olympic push, for her mobility.
And already Worcester, who was made captain of this ship mainly because she didn't scare anybody, has enemies.
The overall cost for the main branch lions was $13,000, enough for quite a few books, especially in those days.
He'd rather go to the horse races or play with the daughter he had with Ms. Pirozhkova or write the 22d variant of a story that was not quite either spare or compact enough.
They did the same a week later on the budget bill.
And there is nothing chancy about the scene either; as far as I'm concerned, it is, all by itself, worth the voyage.
Advancing issues on the New York Stock Exchange topped decliners, 1,521 to 932.
And rather than taking up floor space, your big-screen set may hang on the wall.
There's even night life for preschoolers: children as young as 2 can join a pirate-theme party -- timed during parents' cocktail hour -- at Little Dix Bay on Virgin Gorda in the British Virgin Islands.
Two weeks after they were evacuated, about 600 people were finally allowed to return on Monday to their homes outside a mile-radius of a train derailment site where propane has been leaking.
THANKS TO ESTHER DYSON, I'VE BEEN reviewing the assets of The New York Times, and I find them seriously but fortunately undervalued -- not in any legal way that would offend the authorities, but in an analytical sense that bears on the future of news purveyors in the digital age.
Given the growing workload for the designated news agencies, these companies can sometimes get information to subscribers before the broader market is informed.
The project is also creating for the library a permanent archive of memoirs, letters, articles, dissertations and other memorabilia of Italian-American life.
"I've visited Mike and asked him what he wants, and he's indicated in a consistent way that he wants to live," said Calvin Luker, the lawyer for the groups.
Justice Wilentz's successor, Chief Justice Deborah T. Poritz, said in a statement last night.
Both teams are in the playoffs.
"You can gain momentum in a lot of ways, obviously by winning, but the best way to do that is by playing real well," said Richter, who feels his team has the edge on game-by-game improvement even if the overall series score doesn't indicate it.
He flew into San Antonio by charter plane and veered from provocateur to peacemaker in the course of a single evening.
I asked him about the more expensive funeral homes.
$(D4.$) Bozell Aims for Black Consumers Bozell Worldwide has helped form a company that offers marketers a chance to reach African-Americans outside conventional advertising.
''If you have low expectations, that's what you'll get.''
The 5-to-4 decision marked the first time in more than a decade of wrestling with the punitive-damages issue that the Court had actually overturned an award as excessive.
The Fairness Matters to Oregonians Committee was organized last July by Mark W. Nelson and R. William Linden, two lobbyists for the Tobacco Institute, according to Oregon records.
Many technology stocks have come down so far that their highs seem hard to believe.
They want the services but they can't afford to pay us.''
"Technology is the worst thing to teach with," Mrs. Denner sighed.
"You could get the general smell of a red wine," he said, "but not a Bordeaux."
It is similar to what the Giants did for Rodney Hampton.
Only when we introduce human factors like error, malice, folly and experience do the scales tip one way or the other.
My audience is going to get bored.
This is where Captain Ahab brought American literature to a boil.
Both these condiments improve the flavor of almost any item on the menu, which is why the Indian families who dine at Swagath ladle heaping spoonfuls over both the steamed rice cakes known as idli and the small, crisp patties known as masala vada.
with who I am,'' he said.
Boston is known for its Route 128, a rough aggregation of companies like Digital Equipment and the Lotus division of I.B.M., Texas has Texas Instruments and the software companies in Austin, and Washington state has Bill Gates and his friends.
Even fewer people, however, make the hike around Uluru -- an activity the Anangu encourage.
"The presumption must be that it's the I.R.A."
(In reality, I sleep in a T-shirt emblazoned with "Because I'm the Maven, That's Why.")
Questions, questions, questions: Why do they call it the Heartland?
Lois V. Vierk's ''Red Shift'' cleverly builds in velocity and texture until the sound-mass is as distorted as that of a heavy-metal band; a similar density accumulates in Frederic Rzew ski's wrist-breaking Piano Piece No.
Wallace said fewer than 36 percent of its 44 million shares outstanding were voted in favor of the proposal, according to a preliminary tally.
She received full scholarships from a county school and from the University of London, where she won honors studying French and 18th-century literature in an accelerated course, with secretarial classes for a backup.
In some ways, however, Mr. Willes seems almost contrarian: while other newspaper companies are investing in multimedia, Mr. Willes pulled back, because the payoff is too uncertain, too distant.
His Socialist party, in power for the past 13 years, has recently been battered by a series of disillusioning scandals.
Some can be nestled next to larger stones, and others sprinkled about.
In purely technical terms, the festival hummed along with only a few glitches.
Then I spent part of the summer in Ireland, made myself a reading list and put some detailed notes together.
After living like this for two days, I admit it was something of a jolt to check into Waianapanapa State Park cabin No.
Adopting an average flight time of two hours, this translates to more than 3,500 planes in the air; these cover approximately two-billionths of Earth's surface.
The stage version of ''The Lion King'' will include 15 songs, five of them from the film, with music and lyrics by Elton John and Tim Rice.
When he was in medical school his first daughter was born, evoking his earliest childhood memory -- feeling abandoned the day his sister was born.
Every time a Federal trial judge makes a decision that someone criticizes, the President can be asked whether he agrees with it.
But he was also remembered as an unassuming man who was affectionately known as Ham and who never lost touch with his constituents.
Ratings reflect the reviewer's reaction to food, ambiance and service, with price taken into consideration.
City officials also lack the political independence to clean up a flagrantly corrupt exhaust inspection system.
It was Ms. Bayless's first arrest.
If it is a truism that each American generation has been promised more than its predecessors can ever hope to deliver, then it is clear that this generation of blacks -- promised so much more by the civil rights movement than what was ultimately delivered but finally given more than any generation of blacks ever had in the United States -- should wish to be in touch with the meaning of it all, should wish to ask itself that grand bourgeois question: How are we doing?
Barton Wright, a cultural anthropologist, and his wife, Margaret, who has researched Hopi silversmithing, will accompany the group.
But it was clear today that the grinding halt to talks on the budget and other issues was only partly a result of problems with the hospital plan.
In 1985 Senator Jake Garn soared into space, and in 1986, on the eve of the Challenger disaster, so did Representative Bill Nelson, then chairman of the House space subcommittee, which oversaw NASA's budget.
"out of chutzpah," she became co-owner of the center.
Other plans include simple, inexpensive measures, such as adding trains to the Lexington Avenue line and coordinating signals to move them more swiftly, as well as reviving a ''busway,'' a plan first discussed when the Second Avenue subway line was shelved.
"It will be much nicer than it is now when the park is built," Ms. Kupper said.
Joel Otto and John Druce also did not return.
Manuel Camacho Solis, the former Mayor of Mexico City who broke ranks with the governing Institutional Revolutionary Party and is now part of a developing alternative political force, said in an interview that recent polls showed 22 percent of the capital's residents believe that violence is justified to correct social imbalances -- a figure far higher than at any time in the last decade.
METRO ATLANTIC ATHLETIC CONFERENCE -- Named Mike Scala director of media relations.
''The Miramaxes, the heavy hitters of this world, are now putting a lot of energy into making their own films, so they're not acquiring as much,'' Ms. Pickard said.
"The Three Teachings" is a sort of religious Mount Rushmore: it shows the founders of Buddhism, Daoism and Confucianism seated together.
The police think she was killed by an acquaintance, because there were no signs of a break-in or robbery.
He was quickly replaced by Bruce G. Willison, the highly respected vice chairman of the First Interstate Bancorp, which has just been bought by Wells Fargo & Company.
Edgar Bronfman Jr., the chief executive of the Seagram Company, which acquired 80 percent of MCA last summer, has effectively been running MCA, the giant entertainment company, while searching for a chief executive.
Many people become acquainted with Piermont on weekend day trips or by dining at the Turning Point on Piermont Avenue, which has a blues and folk club downstairs.
Ruttenstein's philosophy is one that works: find what you like and duplicate it at every opportunity.
At a recent business conference in Amman, Jordan, the Israelis presented a document containing 218 options involving collaboration among Israel, Jordan, the Palestinian Authority and Egypt.
"When I moved here from New Jersey, the housing market seemed like a candy store," Ms. Isom said.
"And I am convinced that he will now answer the call that I have issued, that the Israeli Prime Minister has issued, that others have issued, to do more."
''As far as we are concerned, The Navajo Times is an enterprise of the Navajo Nation.
It requires extra administrators and a continual public relations campaign explaining what to do with dozens of different products -- recycle milk jugs but not milk cartons, index cards but not construction paper.
The quinceanera (pronounced KEEN-se-an-YEH-ra) made Karla queen for a day that began with the Mass and culminated in a huge fiesta: dinner for some 150 people, more mariachis, a disk jockey and a professionally made video.
I am a fan of Clifford Stoll.
Republicans acknowledged that they were imposing new mandates on employers.
In 1922, Wynn Richards took a photograph of row upon row of sugar cubes and their shadows, lined up on a table.
That was a pretty new concept at the time.
The Station Bistro in Water Mill (726-2547) has opened the adjacent Le Club Car.
Two years ago, Ohio's legislature banned all ephedra-related products.
He connected on 33 of 41 passes with no interceptions.
Lawyers for a group of former Prudential clients filed a motion yesterday asking a Federal court in Washington to allow a lawsuit that contends that the firm cheated those investors out of full compensation from a restitution fund.
"Islam gives you a sense of hope and moral victory, especially when you come from an environment of despair and defeat."
The last week in June, the program's director, Saul Davis, notified 40 students that the program was off.
We're starting to gel as a team and those guys are a big part of it.''
"It was a miscommunication internally," said the league's communications director, Greg Aiello.
Last month, Mr. Stout took his daughter to a Toronto practitioner of holistic medicine.
He was in the cockpit of an Air National Guard helicopter on a practice search-and-rescue mission off Long Island when the practice ended and the grim reality began.
A deteriorating mansion on a remote barrier island will be leased to the highest bidder after the National Park Service rejected a proposal to turn it into an artists' retreat.
An explosion is like a happy drum beating.
The News Corporation, headed by Rupert Murdoch, already owns all the ordinary stock of News International and 82 percent of the publicly traded special dividend shares of the subsidiary.
But it was Kathie T. Hodge, a graduate student doing research on fungi at Cornell, who first realized the significance of the mess sprouting from the grub's back.
Don't tell that to Ms. Cohen at Goldman, though.
"You don't win with just talent," Lacroix said.
To outsiders, it might seem like a typical conflict between landlord and tenant, but from the point of view of Woodie King Jr., the New Federal Theater is a victim of its own success.
Sending a family to another world offers classic sitcom opportunities, as demonstrated each week on the new hit "Third Rock From the Sun," but the crew should also include unattached adults.
''I don't spange much because I really don't like doing it.
Witnesses interviewed by tribunal investigators describe Dusan Tadic as a sadistic thug and freelance killer who helped herd Muslim neighbors into three prison camps at the beginning of the war in Bosnia, then tortured and mutilated at least 16 of them to death.
DAVID B. RIVERS Philadelphia, July 29, 1996
''If you were stretching on five, maybe.
Ten Commandments Also without comment, the Court refused to hear an appeal challenging Colorado's display of the Ten Commandments, carved in stone on a four-foot-high monument in a park adjacent to the state Capitol in Denver.
Playing in his first round on the PGA Tour, in his first trip around Westchester Country Club, and using a new set of irons for the very first time, Atwal attacked the course with aplomb.
During this time he also began creating the first of his many wall sculptures, wood assemblages that included found objects.
And some, prominent Protestants and Catholics among them, have said God's covenant with the Jews was not superseded by the coming of Christ.
"Certainly we have heard and witnessed abuses over time," she said, "and typically what happens is that we ask the contractor to rectify the situation and if it is not resolved we can terminate the business."
" There's a year-round population, but the numbers go up sharply in the spring.
The dog was bloated and somewhat decomposed, Mr. Muller said, and there was what he called ''a pretty strong smell.''
Mr. DiLorenzo also admitted having committed perjury while testifying in criminal court proceedings in state court.
A Federal district judge here cleared the way today for Theodore J. Kaczynski, the suspect in the Unabom case, to be transferred to Sacramento, Calif., where he faces 10 Federal charges related to the bombing deaths of two people and the wounding of two others.
Ms. Kahle declined to give actual numbers, but said the Penn Plaza store at West 34th Street had strong sales, in line with sales in the rest of the country.
The mutual fund tables today omit prices for 372 funds, including many from Merrill Lynch, Smith Barney and Dreyfus.
To many people, the redevelopment has shown little regard for history and has left the city barely recognizable, even to those who grew up there.
's stock has suffered from AT&T's decision last week to pull out of a venture linking users of Lotus Notes via AT&T phone lines.
Moreover, they said, his forced departure from office, if not behind-the-scenes power, last week, engineered by Washington and Belgrade, only gave Dr. Karadzic's party an electoral boost.
is for things to be chaotic in a way where there will be a turning to more authoritarian ways.''
Spontaneous applause rings out for a perfect quadruple pirouette from an advanced dancer, or for a first perfect single pirouette from a novice.
"I caught one boy putting baseball cards in his back pocket and he said, 'I was going to pay for it,' " said Ms. Arcase, who is 40 years old.
Yet nowhere, beyond a ''Jurassic Park'' joke or two, does Mr. Fuentes address the critical issue of the effects of the drug trade on Mexican politics.
In any case, Mr. Brimmer emerged from the hearing this morning, vowing to hold the school to the $77.2 million budget set by the board.
Mr. Forman is concerned about the growing power of American cultural commissars on the secular and religious right.
"The Fairway downtown has that market feel, and maybe that's how it has managed to maintain its popularity," he said.
If a traveler is caught with a ticket written in the name of a friend, relative or co-worker, the ticket will be confiscated and the ticketholder will have to either stay behind or, provided seats are still available, buy a last-minute ticket at full fare.
Along the way, she shouts "Go beyond," "Get out of your hosiery," and "I want you to Kegel up to your chin."
Unlike most politicians, Mr. Dole, a lifelong legislator, is not comfortable making promises.
From that moment on there was virtually no pain, and the burn seemed to heal more rapidly than was expected."
They also oppose a provision giving the co-op the right of first refusal on sales, meaning the board could reject a purchaser, buy the apartment and find another purchaser.
But his colleague, Andrew Burnett, director of Advocates for Life, noted that his group regularly picketed those who gave abortions and might return to Ms. Hanzo's house.
Paul A. Crotty, the city's Corporation Counsel, and Mr. Dyson, a senior adviser to Mr. Giuliani, maintained that the F.A.A.
The University of Florida ranks fourth among public universities and eighth among all universities, just behind Yale and just ahead of Princeton, in the number of National Merit scholars enrolled.
It is not unusual for a headliner to make $100,000 or more in a month of concerts.
The position is described in detail, with requirements that mesh with those of the foreign candidate the company has interviewed.
Daily, 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. 1501 Glasstown Road, Millville.
As for Mr. Eitan, Mr. Ben-Yair reportedly advised Mr. Netanyahu that the former general could not serve in a position with access to sensitive information because he was under investigation for misusing classified information against a political rival a year ago.
Also on the block is Christoph's, a restaurant that opened in May.
Many newcomers are gay couples -- the estimated percentage of homosexuals in the church has risen to 20, from 10, in recent years -- but many are heterosexual ones who despaired of finding a church for themselves and their children that provided a moral center without moralizing.
DON-DAVID LUSTERMAN Baldwin, L.I., Nov. 5, 1996
"That decision was based upon the evidence that existed at that time," he said.
"Intended or not, the Presidential candidates are sending us a message about the status of the Hispanic community," he said.
CAMERON GALLERY AT SOUFFLE ''Princeton Town and Gown: A Celebration,'' watercolors of present-day Princeton.
If DAVID WEATHERS (bruised right forearm) is unable to start Thursday against Chicago, Manager JOE TORRE may pitch ANDY PETTITTE on three days' rest.
logo is precious to us,'' said George Sauer, the club pro at Green Brook in North Caldwell, N.J., and one of 21 national directors.
She struggled to fight back.
Rabbi Dickstein is living proof that if you work hard enough at a goal and are truly determined, you will succeed.
Among the most provocative appetizers are watercress mousse with Stilton cheese in a dainty crepe; mushroom soup with a black truffle sabayon; endive salad with roasted lobster and sweetbreads, dressed with a spicy olive oil, and seared scallops set over a purple potato galette and finished with a coriander sauce and a sprinkling of diakon sprouts.
Abandoned by his alcoholic father at the age of 9, Mr. Jones made rice paper corsages and sold them at the Irish and German taverns in his native Cincinnati to support his mother, brother and sister.
The result, about the size of a dime, is the scaffolding for a miniature liver.
Holding up a copy of the article, he called it ''a bombshell'' and ''an opening salvo'' in what he said was an orchestrated effort by campus critics to vilify Adelphi and its president.
He had arranged the sale of homes and other property in East Germany for them in exchange for permission to leave the country for the West.
I'd rather take what we did -- if we were killed or beaten, you knew you were fighting the system.
''That is a perfectly prudent thing to do if you have doubts,'' he said.
If Woods stays, could boredom set in?
Mr. Ryan said that despite his interim status, he will move forward on the board's agenda, including developing a system to evaluate SUNY's campuses more effectively, attracting more students from the state.
But one of the more liberal Democrats in the House offered a stick.
Honors in plenty were to come his way.
With statistics like these, the encouragement of more women as employers is important.
Bludgeoned and choked a woman who caught him burglarizing her apartment.
As upbeat as Pulsipher has tried to remain, there are moments of frustration.
Dana Beal, 49, the Yippies' house father, nodded approval as he surveyed the meeting room's worn sofas, Rock Against Racism posters and a bumper sticker mocking the Drug Enforcement Administration's policy of confiscating vehicles in which drugs are found: "My Other Car Was Seized by the D.E.A."
The Indians, who would play him at second, are scheduled to meet with him on Tuesday.
THE BAD NEWS PUNISHMENT More people are being put through the system and spending the night behind bars for minor infractions like drinking beer in public; civil libertarians say that holding people in jail for 24 hours or more before they have even been charged with a crime at arraignment is de facto punishment.
Then there was a biography, which Murray never finished.
A second defense lawyer argued that Mr. Amir was so determined to prevent Israel from handing over more land to Palestinian self-rule that his ability to consider the consequences was impaired.
The philosophical foundation of any prosecutor's office is discretion -- the prosecutor's right to choose which crimes to investigate, who to charge and what sentencing deals to offer, all decisions that are based on a complex, shifting set of factors.
Baltimore Manager Davey Johnson said he felt his team needed to throw ''everything but the kitchen sink'' at the Yankees right then.
Earlier in the tournament, Graf told the German press she had almost withdrawn, citing the pressures of her father's trial for tax evasion on roughly $28 million of her income, a charge for which she has not yet been fully cleared.
Did you discuss with them what you saw?
Maura Jacobson of Hartsdale, New York Magazine's puzzle editor, and Stanley Kurzban of Chappaqua, co-author of Puzzlemaker's Handbook, also helped.
''During the war, there occurred cases in which children were found in war zones in situations of extreme danger and evacuated to the sites of different units,'' he said.
''To say that I'm honored is a great understatement,'' he said.
But the finest and creepiest performance is Ms. Hagerty's Rita.
Davis Water's stock rose 62.5 cents yesterday, to $29.875 a share.
Still, ethnic and racial politics can produce awkward situations.
On Tuesday, Barrick locked up the deal after 93 percent of the Arequipa shares it did not already own had been tendered.
To mark today's opening the Rev.
Whichever team secures the No.
Perhaps the greatest perk of Fooldom is the Web site's bulletin boards.
But he makes a glaring omission: unless the images enhance ratings and ticket sales, they are not shown.
Ploddingly grim, ''Brother of Sleep'' plays like a Ken Russell film without the crazy ecstasy.
Dad gave it to me when I was 11 years old," Frederic said shyly, beaming as he spoke of his Swiss Army gun with a 20-bullet clip.
The second-year point guard, who would be in his senior season at Cal had he not chosen to enter the draft after his sophomore season, has put together an outstanding campaign.
I quickly wind my way to a hotel and check in for the night.
My mother's mother began to experiment: chowder, packed with clams and tomatoes.
If he gets time, he can be very accurate.''
On the other side of the avenue, Sanctuary, a gay and lesbian bar, is opening, and an abandoned storefront is being turned into a French restaurant.
It registered positive for nerve gas.
So we take that one off and we favor these that are growing straight up."
Despite all the requests for advice about how best to get the bad news out, public relations companies are not seeing heaps of additional revenue, the executives said.
So this plant, a biennial with spikes of blue flowers, usually is listed in catalogues as Chinese forget-me-not.
"The whole exercise we're going through is meant to restore that," Mr. Goss said today.
This year, 36 out of 155 entries received gold, silver and bronze commendations.
When cops first saw the boy, he was lying face up on a table in the emergency room.
For the cross-country trip from Oregon back to the White House, Mr. Clinton has also tacked on a likely stop in South Dakota, another state where Democrats do not usually bother to tread.
Held each June at Rushmore, her family's 30-acre estate in this Orange County hamlet about 60 miles from Manhattan, the annual gathering integrates music, theater, nature and the feeling of a dinner party.
Alternatively (and more realistically in these parched political times), perhaps corporate income taxes should be reduced or eliminated entirely for companies that do so.
The Guinness Book of Records once kept official records in the "youngest pilot" category but stopped doing so a few years ago because it did not want to encourage unsafe flights, a spokesman said today.
More Video Testimony A new grand jury was convened in Little Rock last month -- apparently a new phase in Mr. Starr's inquiry, since some prospective jurors were reported to have been asked by prosecutors what they knew of various Whitewater matters.
''We created a lot of opportunities in this game, much more than other games,'' Lemaire said of his team's 37 shots on goal.
They were just cheering for Americans.
After answering a few of Mr. Morrison's questions -- none having anything to do with the charges -- Mr. Sharpton left the courthouse in a huff.
Mr. Nicholson threw his camera bag into the trunk and got into the back seat, and the car pulled away.
Where to see it Albery Theater, St. Martin's Lane, London WC2N 4AH; telephone (171) 369 1730 (the dialing code for Britain is 44).
He'd never second guess a guy."
The Catholic Church has led religious groups trying to shore up Mr. Clinton's opposition to the Republican welfare bill.
Jim Florio, will not be holding such bashes in Chicago.
Twice on one play Williams stripped the ball from Nick Van Exel.
Nor could either collect the other's considerable "line-of-duty" death benefits under their pension plans.
Ms. Brown's small pieces of furniture, collaged with intricately patterned paper and stuffed with found objects, imply a memorial function.
"My approach is to think of conscious experience itself as a fundamental property of the universe," he said.
The bantamweight Zahir Raheem, the lightweight Terrance Cauthen and the light middleweight David Reid scored assertive victories in the Olympic box-offs.
Mr. Hellman described the investment in Y.& R. as ''our largest equity commitment to date,'' but would say no more.
The admiral said the police officers could remain as long as they respected the laws of the Muslim-Croat Federation.
A series of explosions has caused unease here in Syria's capital, which has not seen a similar act of violence in more than a decade.
Twelve of the 30 are new judgeships, created by the Legislature in January and June.
The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, enacted in 1977, prohibits the payment of bribes to foreign officials; it is the only law of its kind in the industrialized world.
And the walk wasn't even intentional.
''It was distributed in Canada,'' Mr. Losique said.
The case became known as the "1 percent scandal," and investigations led to the conviction of the party chairman, Joseph M. Margiotta, on fraud charges involving insurance contracts.
By the time he was done, at least 35 people were dead.
A board member for the Apollo Theater Foundation, Evelyn Cunningham, says she believes the board needs fresh ideas to turn things around for the Apollo and that it needs young people with backgrounds in entertainment and law.
When there are needs to be met, real philanthropists will step forward -- in keeping with the American tradition of public-spirited generosity.
The Giants may not be able to interview both Thomas and Lewis for some time since both coaches' teams are in the playoffs.
But after conditions began to deteriorate for working people in the 1980's, we see that we once again need to look at the concerns of working people.''
"Our hitters looked as though they were off balance, and it didn't look like we were going to get anything going."
So we've closed the avenue on something adversarial and now we can spend more time developing relationships and dialogue."
''We could have put this building somewhere else,'' said Howard Dabney, vice president and chief lending officer at Carver.
Then they winnowed their wish list to fewer than 250 and embarked on the monumental task of turning owners into lenders.
''Hospitals are looking at ways of reinventing themselves and participating in the health care market,'' says Karen Smigel, a financial examiner with the Connecticut Insurance Department.
Mr. Van Zandt, who in his 25 years with the F.B.I.
C1 At breakfast with Godfrey (Budge) Sperling Jr., interviewer.
On Wednesday, Mr. Hamilton, after sending letters to politicians, the news media and the Queen complaining of a campaign to brand him as a "pervert," marched into the elementary school in Dunblane with guns blazing.
After a day game, in 100-degree Kansas City heat, Finley personally supervised a steak fry for the visiting press in an open pit behind third base.
A Federal appeals court today upheld damages of almost $2 billion against Ferdinand Marcos's estate for the tortures and killings of nearly 10,000 Filipinos, though whether the money will be collected is uncertain.
The Times/CBS Poll of 1,519 registered voters nationwide, taken Wednesday through Saturday, found that Mr. Clinton was teetering at that 50 percent threshold.
Bands of embroidered trim on sleeves, sometimes removed or salvaged and framed as decorative objects are displayed here along with embroidered scarfs and obi (Japanese sashes) dramatically cascading the length of walls.
The real question is whether the ailing and aging New York teams can push the circus into the background for long.
The investigation will not be easy, but microfossils -- if that is what they are -- are tubular specks many times smaller than the diameter of a human hair.
Keeley says, groping for the right word.
exhibition has been reconstructed and may again be seen in Amsterdam.
There is no scientific evidence that smoking marijuana is of any greater benefit to patients with cancer, glaucoma, AIDS or multiple sclerosis than what is now done to treat them, relieve their suffering or mitigate the side effects of their treatment.
A Paterson tax preparer pleaded guilty yesterday in Federal Court to filing a fraudulent return that overstated his client's deductions by $15,727.
Had he campaigned American style, which involves listening to what the voters have to say, he might have become President.
11 12 5 MY STORY, by Sarah, the Duchess of York, with Jeff Coplon.
If they act this way on the first day, what do you think they'll be doing in 10 days?"
Braves 5, Padres 3 Chipper Jones hit a two-run homer with two outs in the seventh inning, lifting host Atlanta over struggling San Diego.
Ken R. Masterton, who with his wife, Sarah, owns Masterton & Wright, a signature-collection company in Bolinas, Calif., estimated that the vast majority of ballot issues in California and the nation used only paid signature gatherers.
Judge Hiroshi Fujisaki of Los Angeles County Superior Court issued the order on Tuesday in an apparent effort to avoid the media frenzy that surrounded Mr. Simpson's criminal trial, in which the lawyers, witnesses and family members of the defendant and victims frequently tried to bolster their side's argument with television appearances and news conferences on the courthouse steps.
With few exceptions, restaurants still play to a weekend audience when dining rooms and waiting lists overflow.
''I came back, and I was a bit unsettled, so I sold another 50,000 shares.''
Shared responsibility cries out for a solution to this issue, and fast!"
The Minnesota Twins gave Kirby Puckett a farewell party tonight.
Archer Settlement Approved A Federal judge gave approval to a $45 million settlement of a class-action suit accusing Archer Daniels Midland and competitors of fixing prices for the animal feed supplement lysine.
To the Editor: Your Nov. 25 editorial on the misuse of United States military aid in South America says that Gen. Barry R. McCaffrey, the Clinton Administration's drug czar, recently met the de facto head of Peruvian intelligence, whom human rights groups accuse of setting up death squads and Peru's Congress has investigated for protecting drug traffickers.
''But we are still in investment mode because we are a new business.''
The tarte a la Provencale is a solid, savory wedge that seems like a snack that might be sold on the streets of Marseille.
Critics, and even some supporters say her committee work, which has generated negative headlines nationally, has done more harm than good to Republicans.
Zeneca Group P.L.C., Britain's third-largest drug maker, is expected to post a 19 percent gain in first-half pretax profit on strong growth in new and existing products.
She added, "We've had success stories."
TGV is based in Santa Cruz, Calif., and Cisco is based in San Jose, Calif.
But Daniel Pincus said the filming kept him from temple.
After the operation in 1990, he found that he could get around without a dog.
As recently as the 1950's, there were two conductors on every train.
''When she saw him she yelled, 'Look out!'
* Larry Aarons was named to the new post of executive vice president and executive creative director of the Mingo Group, New York.
Performers: Marshall Tucker Band; Joan Baez; Loverboy; Peter, Paul and Mary; Tom Jones; London Symphony Orchestra; Ray Charles; Barbara Mandrell.
Although she spoke little English, she found a job as a cashier.
''We raised him for it,'' his father, Al Sr., a Democratic Representative and Senator from Tennessee for more than 30 years, said in an interview four years ago, on the day his son was picked to run for Vice President.
The police said they had found no bark in the boy's hair or other physical evidence linking the boy to the crime scene.
feared that an unpunished Abdul-Rauf would start a player movement that would result in the league winding up on Pat Buchanan's enemies' list.
But it's often cropped at the waist to reveal a sliver of bare skin.
He draws several unexpected lessons from all his evidence.
Among the starters, pheasant carpaccio was utterly bland.
"I'm really looking forward to the weekend."
The result was a pair of non-overlapping monologues that invited the candidates to indulge in omissions and whoppers.
In ''On Green Dolphin Street,'' he liberally soured, dipped and wobbled the notes of the theme, then left the melody, heading straight for the chord changes.
Three years ago, its reports highlighted Government favoritism and industry fraud in the lucrative beef export business.
From his perspective, his work is not basically naturalistic.
Two major corporations will expand their operations in New Jersey, bringing 1,150 new jobs to the state, Governor Whitman said yesterday.
Although there have recently been many heartening reports about the effectiveness of new drug therapies in reducing the level of the AIDS virus, alarms have also been sounded that the expense of the medications, particularly a group of drugs known as protease inhibitors, would put them out of reach for all but the wealthy and well insured.
''Usually on low-budget films like this the director's main job is to finish.
Mr. Koch cut financing that Mrs. Sansone's group had been getting from the city.
That this 26-year-old has now done both -- and has done it by bombing the golf ball farther than John Daly and blowing away a field that included Greg Norman, Nick Price, Nick Faldo and other luminaries -- has only added to the storybook aspect.
Such a deal would be a bold, high-stakes gamble.
Though critics of the coalition have portrayed Lavalas as a seamless entity that would lead to a one-party dictatorship, supporters of Mr. Aristide and Mr. Preval are now offering two very different and competing visions of the future of Lavalas.
Although Novell had finally introduced its first intranet product, Intranetware, last week, the next day the company reported third-quarter profits that were 42 percent lower than a year earlier, on 32 percent lower revenues.
Now it could be Miami.
Mr. Savio, when asked late in 1964 what the turmoil had signified, quoted a sentence from ''Moby Dick'': 'Woe to him who would try to pour oil on the waters when God has brewed them into a gale.''
For months they have fought an uphill battle to get their health insurer, which has paid $8,688 of the bills so far, to cover more of their expenses.
For Mr. Silver, the Hampshire presence in Hollywood is a result of the extraordinary times.
So far the effects on the market have been minimal, apparently because investors have concluded that Mr. Rubin and the Republican leaders are snarling and threatening, but would not actually let the United States go into default for the first time in its history.
Similarly, Mr. Kohl said the single currency would have to come ''at conditions which cannot be diluted, as the trust of the public is at stake.''
Mr. Pietrobono, the new town prosecutor, said that Mount Kisco was now just enforcing the law as it was written.
It has invited U.S. officials to search for the remains of Americans missing since the Korean War ended in 1953.
But we won't let them.
How many more tragedies must our society endure before the courts lift their collective heads from the sand?
The janitor would find reams of copy in his wastepaper basket.
"My belief is that there is a burnout factor," Mr. Goldman said.
She is chairwoman of a committee that's organizing the city's Regatta Day Picnic at Riverside, with free entertainment including sea music and pony rides.
"My view of change in an institution is that it's a good thing," Mr. Giuliani said.
Unlike Washington's jittery semifinal opponent, 13th-seeded Todd Martin, Krajicek, who dropped just six service games through the entire tournament, didn't freeze up when given the chance to serve for the first set -- or the second.
"They should be happy I got kicked out of the game.
C16 Television: ''The Daily Show.''
Bank stocks moved higher after Alan Greenspan, chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, said at a banking conference that economic growth might be underestimated by Government statistics.
''In general, people who are able to flee the city for the suburbs tend to enjoy a favorable relationship with the police,'' said Robert B. Hirschhorn, a jury and trial consultant who has worked on several high-profile civil and criminal cases.
Commissioners of public agencies must justify their budgets and practices to the elected officials.
And the view through the side windows of a huge private park in the space between the apartment house and the neighboring building, an amenity rare in Manhattan where building lots are most often built upon, is fine and charming.
Richard E. Wiley, a former F.C.C.
He has counseled soldiers tortured with nightmares from long-forgotten battlefields, but he had never imagined the sights and feelings he would encounter after the crash of Flight 800.
The Bosnian Muslims, who form a majority in Bosnia, are the only group to call for a unified state.
The employees won a multimillion-dollar jury award against the company, and the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit in St. Louis upheld the ruling while trimming the award to $800,000.
''We're not going away, we're watching,'' Representative Susan Molinari, a New York Republican who was a part of the group, told reporters after the meeting.
The new venture will combine Sequana expertise in genomics with Sloan-Kettering's data base that combines more than 30 years of patient tumor-tissue samples and information regarding diagnosis, treatment and outcomes.
The women's competition opens on Sunday with compulsory exercises.
That Government, led by Pol Pot, carried out mass killings that left the country with few trained people to rebuild its shattered institutions.
Very frankly, I relied on my faith more than I ever have this year.
In five tournament games, Epps, a 6-foot-2-inch junior, has parceled out 31 assists and committed all of 4 turnovers.
The Federal Aviation Administration ruled that Mr. Giuliani had no grounds to seek at least $220 million of the $500 million.
As Stephen Gillers, who teaches legal ethics at New York University's law school, said, "Each instance is unusual and together they are doubly unusual."
Everett Hughes, a board lawyer, said the decision was made because Mr. Blouin, 46, seemed to have paid for his crime and been rehabilitated, and was valued by his supervisors.
"There is some belief that they're not getting a fair price," Ms. Altman said.
In celebration of its 25th-anniversary season, the theater is presenting Monday-night readings of past productions, with original cast members.
But the canal pilots' union recently passed a resolution saying the draft legislation lacks ''arrangements that create neutral mechanisms to resolve labor conflicts'' and demanding it ''maintain the same rights that workers enjoy today.''
ROUTES 1 AND 9 Southbound traffic has been shifted to the newly constructed northbound express lanes between the Pulaski Skyway and I-78.
''But it's a number I'm proud to have.''
INSIDE PITCH The Yankees and BEN McDONALD have ended their brief flirtation.
Along the way, Mr. Rasche studied with Sanford Meisner, whose repetition exercises were good training for the dialogue in Mr. Mamet's plays, which are almost antiphonal in the call-and-response of their language.
The Eastman Kodak Company said yesterday that it had realigned its agency roster by consolidating its worldwide consumer advertising account at two sibling WPP Group agencies in New York, Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide and the J. Walter Thompson Company, and ending a 15-year relationship with Young & Rubicam Inc. in New York.
Rite Aid now operates about 2,700 stores and Revco has 2,100.
Some years ago, when he and his wife, Marina Karella, first moved to the city, they settled into an apartment at the Beresford on Central Park West.
The reservations number is 941-4199.
Last year, he joined his father, a food service manager at Kings County Medical Center, in Brooklyn.
HIKING the mesas and canyons of northern New Mexico, a visitor is occasionally startled to find a shard of broken pottery decorated with intricate geometrical designs.
"I made the world championships and was eliminated in the first round.
"He gets the goods on one company and then tries to throw everyone in by association without doing his homework.
Other companies, like Sequana Therapeutics Inc. and Millenium Pharmaceuticals Inc., have pursued a strategy of sequencing a more limited set of genes in search of those directly implicated in disease.
"We were at camp playing Ping-Pong, and Brent stepped up even though other kids were waiting.
She is dressed in a lean charcoal pin-stripe pants suit, a matching shirt open to her waist and five-inch black pony-skin platform shoes.
He is a $36,000-a-year civics teacher at Poteet High School in a suburb of Dallas, running for the United States Senate on a dare from his students.
2 are not plausible,'' the judge declared, referring to Hagai Amir.
A. I guess they want to learn enough so they can understand television programs.
"The city's history in this regard is not a good one," Ms. Reiter said.
"I very much oppose antipersonnel land mines because they are indeed indiscriminate in their killing and maiming," Gen. H. Norman Schwarzkopf wrote this month in a letter to Frank J. Fahrenkopf Jr., who was chairman of the Republican National Committee during the Reagan Presidency and who had written to the general asking him to join the campaign to ban antipersonnel mines.
In 1961, President John F. Kennedy chose Mr. McCulloch to lead the board, an independent, five-member agency that administers labor laws.
Although ''Grace of My Heart'' focuses on the past, its attitude toward music is equally contemporary.
receiver does not make bushwhacking a no-brainer, but when used properly (in conjunction with a compass) it will prevent you from ever getting lost, and enable you to return to cherished places found along the way.
When Alexis de Tocqueville toured America in the 1830's, he found Shakespeare performed in every frontier settlement and mining town.
And still at the heart of things like nowhere else is the sound and passion of money being made.
"This has always been a super basketball town," he said.
When interest rates hit 40 percent in 1989, thousands of Filipino mortgage customers defaulted.
And she believes Clinton critics are netting little beyond anticlimax in the current Arkansas criminal trial involving Whitewater figures, and in "Blood Sport," the new book by Jim Stewart investigating the whole issue.
But there are no sure things at this event, and Chi came from behind to beat Katerina, 3-6, 6-4, 6-2.
Yeltsin supporters in his district "are not very well organized or working according to a plan," Mr. Ptitsyn said.
Later in the model year, BMW will make available an air bag in the ceiling over the front side windows to protect the front occupants' heads.
The Old Republic International Corporation said yesterday that it planned to buy back up to $150 million of its common stock in the next two years.
Mr. Ruttenstein also pointed out Cynthia Rowley's silk shantung pants in pretty blue, pink or white, Donna Karan's shantung pants in a peachy orange combined with a bright orange tie-front shirt, and CK Calvin Klein's cotton and nylon pants in lime green.
Still, other forms of patronage not only survived but thrived -- and none more than that involving independent contractors.
"We just had our best fall since the early 1980's," Mr. Marriott said.
"Forbidden Games" begins with a German bombing of French refugees from Paris who are attempting to escape the Nazi advance in June 1940.
He also has maintained his sense of humor.
Mike Fagan, the conductor on the 6:33, and William Rohrig, the train's engineer, and Tom Mabie, its brakeman, take the same table every day.
Mr. Greenspan's nomination is expected to be approved by a wide margin once it comes to a vote, and he continues to serve in an acting capacity until then.
The keyboard version of the serenade's opening movement highlights homogeneous aspects, drawing attention to the work's solidity and flow, its overall coherence.
They kept the bacon and eggs, liverwurst sandwiches, hamburgers, frankfurters and meatloaf, but added Portobello mushrooms, goat cheese, endive, andouille sausage and soft dense French bread to the bare tables.
The heroin was discovered by drug-sniffing dogs after the Colombian Air Force received an anonymous telephone tip on Friday, said Gen. Hector Hernan Gil Nieto, the air force commander.
Islam calls for cutting off the hand of a thief, but the teachings of one early Muslim leader include forgiving a thief who has stolen out of need; this leads some scholars to preach that amputation for theft is justified only in a society where goods are distributed equally between rich and poor -- a society, they say, that does not exist.
The inability of our culture to say anything new?
The city was calm today.
Mr. Letterman's 6-foot 2-inch frame has been a Jumbotron subject frequently.
The otherworldly fauna include giant clams and fields of tube worms; the white casings where the worms live are up to 10 feet long.
The witness said the Scruggs team had bought him a $109,000 house, had co-signed for two car loans and were continuing to pay him a salary.
Predictability is bedrock here, a given in a city that just this week was designated by Fortune magazine as the best place in the world in which to live and work.
Mr. Laden's category is less glamorous than, say, best actress.
Sales and earnings for agricultural chemicals were adversely affected by unfavorable weather, primarily in North America.
Regular Saturday and Sunday departure times will be observed.
"People looked at us like we were aliens or something," said Mr. Sturgill, who provided harmonica accompaniment.
When she and Beryl Bainbridge lost to Graham Swift, she told Ms. Bainbridge: ''He won the prize.
Most of the Knicks (42-30), who defeated Houston without Hakeem Olajuwon a week ago, said they felt they let a rare opportunity slip by.
Instead of saying, ''The world never treats,'' as he usually does, Charlie stared at the wall from glassy eyes and kept babbling.
The World Bank estimated that only two-thirds of Russia's coal industry, which has been only partly privatized, is viable, meaning that more than half of Russia's 900,000 miners may have to lose their jobs.
The Air Force's decision contradicts a major finding of a separate Pentagon inquiry in September that singled out the general in charge of the housing complex, Brig.
Score another one for our faux expert.
Now we'll work in combination with Rick and Bob to build a big business."
Next meeting Feb. 27, 6:30 P.M.; Public School 20, 166 Essex Street; (212) 533-5300.
board, saying that it was exercising that option, approved a $66 million pact with Cubic, including $47 million for 1,000 machines, with the rest going for other equipment.
''It's a ridiculous idea to keep the baddest of the bad together.
Among the five largest fund companies, two, Capital Research and Management and the Franklin Templeton Group, will provide copies of their codes to investors who request them.
The fraternities formally capitulated after three months, declaring that alcohol would no longer be served at any fraternity house.
Tourists call this 20th-century ''modernist'' collection the Temple of the Quaint, and you have to see some of this kitsch from our planet's dullest century to believe it.
Those photos were taken during the 1986-87 season, when Magarity was the red-hot rookie head coach at Marist College.
We have no advice for getting along in Boston (except to note that it also has a subway).
Mr. McDowell liquidated the bond position and cut the cash holdings in half.
The arrests came as a surprise, Mr. Nicolo said, because "these are not hard guys."
by James Greenwood of Pennsylvania sets tight approval deadlines and would turn over some F.D.A.
The house, obviously, is not for everyone.
It was the 100th and wildest meeting between the rivals as the teams combined for 1,095 yards and 60 first downs.
That, coupled with the inability of some 60,000 Palestinians to reach jobs inside Israel, in effect suspended any Israeli employment of Palestinians.
Two hundred years ago, it was that promise of freedom that inspired the first generation of Americans to found a nation.
Avis's management stands to do far better: about $150 million of the $800 million sale price would go to fewer than 100 current or former senior executives.
"The truth is that you are the bogeymen as far as the law is concerned," she told them.
You have the sense that every cell in his being aches to share his joy.
A series of lectures on vernacular and folk art have been planned to coordinate with the show.
We can't find a problem, yet there are all these diagnoses."
wondered Robert Bazell, a correspondent for "NBC Nightly News" and the moderator for one of the panels.
Instead, the announcement was sent out to major news organizations, and led to some erroneous reports that Mr. Dole had given up.
At the heart of the overall budget pact is an agreement on the last 6 of 13 spending bills that cover the departments and agencies of the Federal Government.
Banco de Credito Nacional S.A., one of Brazil's largest nonstate banks, and Banco Itamarati S.A. are holding talks to merge, the two banks said yesterday.
Despite these roots in the past, and because of them, Ms. Bourgeois has been acknowledged late in her career as an ancestor figure for the art of the present.
Downsized corporations are characterized as ''Kate Moss-like,'' for example.
The apple confit was a sort of tarte Tatin with a good deal of orange in the blend and a little scoop of green-apple sorbet on the side.
The one outdoor adventure that figured in their itinerary was a trip up Mount Vesuvius, still an active volcano.
''The major questions at tomorrow's conference call will be about the outlook going forward,'' said Lior Bregman, who follows the company for Oppenheimer & Company.
Let the guys know he's the guy.''
The bill would have barred the procedure except to save a woman's life.
Lena Horne, who had the last big hit at the Nederlander, recalls a different population on 41st Street.
Gen. Abu Saleh Mohammad Nasim, of trying to stage a revolt against his authority and dismissed him.
A reminder of their transit stands at 14 Phillips Street, a small, brick synagogue built in 1919, that reflects a European heritage and the ambitions of people proud to be new Americans.
TWO teams that symbolize the home run, the Yankees ever since Babe Ruth and this year's Orioles, are dueling for the American League pennant with big bats at 20 paces from the pitcher's mound and two blocks from where, in a sense, the home run was born.
It was the Commerce Secretary of the past administration, Jaime Serra Puche, whom Mr. Zedillo identified in a 1989 letter as having responsibility for the payment.
Dr. Salick receives a monthly fee, perhaps $5 or $10, for each patient covered, whether they have cancer or not.
Snapdragons are just as eager to set seed and also need to be nipped off.
Frustrated with the slowness of the repatriation, the Zairian authorities arrested the mayor of the tent city, Jean Baptiste Sibomana, his deputy and three other camp leaders, on charges that they had intimidated refugees from returning home by spreading lies about the Tutsi-led Government in Rwanda.
He exorcises attendant expectations early in the show, when his Barrymore, discussing the press's eternal "open season" on him, declares, "I've never punched out an actor in my life."
A sudden urgency of knowing Champagne was arriving in the wrong clubhouse?
Now, two have retired, one is on long-term leave and almost no one expects any of the three to be replaced by Soviet or Russian specialists.
Then later, at Bergen-Bel, he writes: ''The sight of the living, emaciated skeletons was by now horribly familiar to me but that familiarity didn't make it any less terrifying.
The legislation would set the Federal Government's agriculture policy for the next seven years, including programs dealing with commodity prices and income support.
In time, Mr. Hasbrouck graduated from the state college at New Paltz and became a school teacher in the Wallkill system, where he specialized in history.
's mother could receive compensatory and punitive damages.
Circo (pronounced CHEER-co), which opened yesterday, blizzard and all, is owned and managed by Mr. Maccioni's wife, Egidiana, and their three sons, Mario, 30, Marco, 27, and Mauro, 23.
Mr. Ozawa is the leading revolutionary in Japan these days, but just about everybody in the country -- including Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto -- insists that far-reaching change is essential in Japan.
There were no immediate reports that anybody was injured at or near the site, about seven miles west of The Dalles.
He could play in the Cardinals' final preseason game in Atlanta on Friday.
"Over-the-ground" is easy enough -- the plant is a rampant spreader.
"We've lost track of whether we're supposed to be acting more manly or more sensitive.
New York has too little green space for even its human inhabitants -- Central Park alone caters to almost 15 million visitors a year.
But of Mr. Clinton, he said, "He's going to have 80 days of hell" after the convention.
Veenwouden's first release, a 1993 merlot, is the wine Deon van der Walt is promoting when and where he can.
"You fend off or re-direct criticism or remind everybody how strong we are on all other issues.
"Cigar is a great horse," said Nick Zito, who trains Star Standard.
The Yankees seem too dominant to let the Orioles become the third.
"Whoever is making the decision is going to look through the file from stem to stern."
Officials in Ohio and Virginia -- two states that have been cited by city officials as possible destinations for the city's garbage -- said that while landfill space is available in their states, they recognized the potential for political backlash.
While his fellow inmates shoveled clumps of mud on Edward R. Gleim's simple gray coffin, Mr. Bickham peered deep into the grave and marveled that he, too, had not finished his time at Angola beneath a white stone cross marked only with his name and prison number.
His Russian foundation, for example, has undergone three reorganizations since Mr. Soros learned that much of its budget was diverted into Swiss bank accounts and luxury cars.
By the time Hurricane Bertha hit in July, the crop was in serious danger.
His Mercedes-Benz is parked for safekeeping in the showroom of a local dealership.
Tripping from party to party, Celia loses both her fiance and her identity.
Under the change, loans to small businesses carry more weight in the ratings that regulators give to banks.
Shasitty Square, 20, a private, said she was not surprised by the accusations.
"I'll even fry them eggs if they come," he said.
By the end of the conference he had made friends with Nunu, a Turkish girl.
After dropping more than 150 points, the Dow closed up 9.25 points. "
The American Cancer Society will receive $1 million a year for a minimum of three years, which it will use for its overall mission of research and education, Mr. Dickinson said.
In that case, a jury had acquitted two drug-trafficking defendants whom Mr. Coffey was so certain he would send to prison that his office rejected a plea offer in which they were willing to forfeit more than $20 million to the Government.
Later, his wife, Ms. McGann, emerged from the house and told waiting reporters, ''There's not going to be any statement tonight, or tomorrow or any other time.''
Unfortunately, in the midst of the Bosnian crisis, the United States cannot declare an official boycott or strong condemnation of one of its allies.
Andre Michael Bishay, 17, Queens, Bronx High School of Science.
Dressed in business suits and looking surprisingly refreshed and composed, the freed hostages hugged one another as they left the residence, and then waved to other hostages who watched from the second-floor windows.
Other than that, they're all just people."
Today's defeat of that bill, and the rejection of an alternative measure, followed a pledge by senior legislators in the Nationalist Party, the majority party in Parliament, to use parliamentary procedures to block the imposition of any new stock taxes.
German diplomats believe that the Vietnamese Government is in no hurry to allow the return of refugees whose numbers may include brutal gangsters.
It also excuses the reflexive criticism of his present co-managers, John Horne and Rory Holloway, friends from high school who have been characterized as the Beavis and Butthead of boxing, and as King's stooges.
Michele Susan Warman, a lawyer, is to be married today to Larry Edward Hirschfield, a real estate developer.
And, yes, Mr. Mack does know what icing is.
The "Preghiera" emphasizes upward and downward movements, but the "Gigue" that follows it is filled with boundings from side to side.
If all of us were kicked out tomorrow, life would go on."
"He's going to be special; he is special," Green added.
The series of violent battles grew so potentially dangerous that Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, who came to the Garden after the fighting broke out, was ushered into one of the dressing rooms, where he remained heavily guarded more than an hour after the arena was cleared by a cordon of New York City police.
The resignation of Thomas Bartlett, Chancellor of the State University of New York, is being cast in some quarters as the natural result of a power struggle between trustees appointed by Gov.
This proposal should await the results of a pilot study of managed care for workers' compensation.
''But you want to carry that momentum into the Baltimore series.
Edwin Emerson, who logs plants in three New Jersey areas with his wife, Charlotte, said: "We've always liked to bird watch, but as we get older, we couldn't keep up with the birds.
Investors are especially concerned that any new taxes would lower corporate earnings.
On Wednesday, Morgan Stanley & Company and Merrill Lynch & Company, which led a group of investment banks underwriting the sale, exercised an option to sell more of the securities to meet demand.
It's the same in baseball and football.
But her supporters, and even some of her critics, say the clue to her attitudes is contained in her remark about "sloppy liberals."
Come right up here with me.
Other Republican candidates have responded with tax-cut proposals of their own.
To draw audiences, Ms. Philbin turned it into something of a community center.
"In western Kansas, you get more of the traditional Republican," said Burdett Loomis of the University of Kansas, one of the state's leading political analysts.
Most of the mid-cap funds that made the list made aggressive investments in specific industries, especially technology.
In the Minnesota game, the Nets dressed only nine players -- Jayson Williams was out with the flu -- and some of them made good use of the extra playing time.
And this time, Ewing voiced his.
CECIL FIELDER faces his former team when the Tigers visit tonight.
''It's like paradise on Central Avenue.
Italians Send Dutch a Message ATLANTA, July 25 (AP) Top-ranked Italy re-established its dominance in Olympic men's volleyball, beating the second-ranked Dutch, 15-8, 15-8, 15-13, today to improve to 3-0 in Pool B.
"Do you realistically think the Knicks were going to beat Orlando or the Bulls with the team that they had?
You can search for books a number of ways.
He received an M.B.A. degree in March from the University of Chicago.
Released CB Rashid Gayle and OT Ronald Cherry from the practice squad.
If I do a good job in that, I'm going to win, and if I do a bad job I'm going to lose, and I don't think partisanship plays a heavy role.''
Then there are the holes in Part B medical coverage.
Governments are torn between their sworn goal of promoting competition and their responsibility as owners to promote the monopolies they are trying to undo.
Jeff Nelson replaced Pettitte in the seventh with a runner on first and promptly allowed Joe Carter's single, but the reliever emerged unscathed by striking out Sprague.
But more often his prose is by turns playful, eloquent and moving.
But that figure was negotiated down to $21 million.
A split second's hesitation spoils the next note.
executives insisted they would not engage in an all-out price war.
Most people have probably forgotten that the issue posed the same question about record covers, pulp-fiction book jackets, newspaper photos, magazine covers, jukeboxes, comics and street posters.
'' But sometimes Bell's eagerness to help the players was clumsy, he felt.
Some other calls are friction calls or box calls where a hunter rubs a stone against a slate, giving the sound of a hen.
The families were 50 miles from us, and we were running around here trying to coordinate state and Federal agencies and trying to communicate with the families at the same time.
The original records remain missing.
If Zyuganov actually tried to implement that program it would lead to hyperinflation at home and conflict abroad.
Being a tourist in your own city can be fun.
Then you wrote the play, which takes place in a house that is decorated with games, and which climaxes with a version of Camouflage.
A new style is struggling to be born at High Point as about 2,300 furniture makers trundle out their new goods for the 70,000 buyers, editors and designers attending the International Home Furnishings Market, which ends on Friday.
B9 Obituaries D18-19 Editorials/Op-Ed A14-15 Neediest Cases B6 Chronicle B6 Crossword C14
Stocks were trading higher here today.
''It seemed like finally the stars had aligned.''
And I guess temptation overcame them."
''If you don't have a good property manager, you're going to be in a world of hurt,'' she says.
There are constants in all his collections, but he never repeats himself.
"The crash is beginning," this Internet forecaster wrote.
Army and Navy Its undefeated season shattered by Syracuse in a 42-17 loss, Army (9-1) does not play again until the Navy game at Philadelphia on Dec. 7.
For the moment, that is not feasible, so we must develop our political struggle."
But to help protect privacy, the commission has agreed to include only those medical visits covered by insurance, and to include only the year of birth, not the date.
No, not Kara Wolters, the 6-foot-7-inch senior center and an all-American for two years, who fits all of the above descriptions.
Three years ago, David Stern should have called an N.B.A.
"None of us feel very good about this," Mr. Trento said.
The anxiety is aggravated by the fact that the political talks that began June 10 in Belfast, the Northern Ireland capital, have in recent weeks slipped deeper into deadlock beween Catholic and Protestant politicians and officials of the Irish and British Governments.
A hearing on Friday will review requests for Mr. du Pont to undergo a court-ordered competency examination.
Bill Bowers, owner of Jake's Fish Market at Broadway near 89th Street, and a buyer for two Manhattan restaurants, said unloading delays had made it difficult for him to complete his buying rounds and get his seafood uptown for the opening of his store.
It bought the Denver Nuggets basketball team several years ago and the Colorado Avalanche hockey team last year.
The New York skyline would be off in the distance, a picture postcard from a place that could just as well be thousands of miles away.
In any case, anosognosia might help in the study of memory, Dr. Ramachandran said, "especially how new memories are seamlessly incorporated into one's pre-exisitng cognitive schemata."
Agency: Goodby, Silverstein & Partners, part of Omnicom.
A Newark police detective, Ronald Arbuckle, said the vans were leaving the parking lot of a restaurant where they had stopped after a funeral when the parishioners, from a Brooklyn congregation, heard screams.
Nichols also regained insurance holdings that had been transferred on favorable terms to Walter C. Janes, the company's former chief financial officer.
But today he shrugged off a question about Ms. Molinari.
He acknowledged that his company and the other Bells offered Internet access themselves, but said that any new revenue from this business could not offset the cost of connecting the company's rivals.
Slip as many as will fit comfortably into the pan, and poach for 30 minutes.
Myself, I was hoping for Alomar to stand like a man and sneer, ''I thought the ump was on fire.''
Looking at her one would not guess that she was a portrait of a queen mother, intended to be worn protectively on the belt of a king's robe, half-hidden and flashing white in the sun.
Bosnian Muslims and Croats fought in central Bosnia in 1993 and 1994 and have never reconciled despite agreeing on a federation that was supposed to be the cornerstone of the country's reunification.
Italian restaurants have always been a mainstay, but their popularity continues to grow, with no peak in sight.
Nonetheless, little action is expected on the nomination.
With a season that was supposed to be momentous and mighty in serious peril if they lost, the Yankees rallied to tie the three-of-five-game division series, 1-1.
The announcement -- made by the chairman of American Express, Harvey Golub, at a credit-card conference in Atlanta -- raised interest in the banking community and riled Visa U.S.A., an American Express competitor.
Mr. Ahman said he goes to a certain teahouse in the warren of alleys near the Gran Zocco market.
Both the British and Irish prime ministers condemned the attack.
Besides student workers, the residents of the previously built Habitat house near this site came to help with the building.
On top of all that, and thanks to Menzel's finely tuned sense of humor and miraculous handling of space, we also see the young Frederick -- debonair, alert and amused -- who has caught them unaware.
Ross Perot's running mate, Pat Choate, is traveling the more traditional campaign trail, making public appearances and responding to reporters.
Revlon's support of breast cancer research has become a mini-industry of sorts, including its own fund-raising runs and the seventh annual Fire and Ice Ball.
JIM HALL Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board Washington, Oct. 16, 1996
A New York-based human rights organization asserted today that thousands of children have died in China's state-run orphanages from deliberate starvation, medical malpractice and staff abuse.
Tourist Information Like most French provincial cities, Limoges has an amiable and reasonably efficient tourist office (the Syndicat d'Initiative).
It was called ''Suzanne Farrell: Elusive Muse,'' and what struck me, watching Ms. Farrell this time around, was the voraciousness, the fine-tuned implacability of her talent.
"If someone from Hong Kong comes to the record store to buy a low-cost C.D.
Sheffield, who has 28 home runs, thought he had foul tipped the dropped third strike.
While these same elements came together in Ms. Murdoch's last book, "The Green Knight" (1994), to create a remarkably moving and erudite novel, they fail to cohere in this volume into anything even remotely resembling a plausible or compelling tale.
Indeed, the lawyer who won the Florida case, Norwood S. Wilner, will bring another individual case in October, and plans to bring 100 more.
AILEEN L. NOVICK Jericho, L.I.
Those pressures and difficulties include long breakaways by opponents, like the one today.
Return on equity for the quarter was about 23 percent on an annual basis.
"Yes sir, I have one more class to go," he said.
The vein they took out of my leg and implanted in my arm did not take.
Only one other American astronaut, John W. Young, made as many trips into orbit.
"They have no consequence for individual children's lives.
Jessica and I sit in my rental car beside her grandfather's stucco tract house, near the window where Pamela and Regina must have climbed out when they were about Jessica's age.
They hired Phil Regan instead, and Johnson had to wait another year before Peter Angelos, the owner, realized that he had made a mistake and invited Johnson for another interview and another crack at the job he coveted.
He missed much of the 1994 season because of a clot and, after returning to lead Nebraska to the title last season, again went down with a clot.
It is the same for some of the families who lost loved ones aboard the Trans World Airlines flight.
The commonly used threats to deter bullying, including the threat of suspension, are not recommended; many children regard threats as a challenge to see how much they can get away with.
The fame of Singer's Tours had spread to the far corners of the United States, to Brazil, to Britain and to Australia, even to that most unlikely center of recognition across the river, Manhattan.
Though the Dayton agreement says all Bosnians have the right to travel anywhere in the country, the Muslims were afraid to proceed.
The figure became a marionette, then evolved into a hand puppet over the centuries, hitting its stride in Britain as a traveling act at fairs and on street corners, appealing to the working class.
Garang's explicit strategy was to render south Sudan ungovernable, and in that he succeeded.
''I've watched Senator D'Amato raise $750,000 on the phone in 45 minutes,'' said John Heubusch, executive director of the National Republican Senatorial Committee.
I have never discussed the location or institutional affiliation of this source.
''We believe we're going into an economic environment of recession, lower interest rates, lower corporate profits and lower stock prices,'' Mr. Van der Eb said.
Marvin Schneider, New York City Clockmaster.
We discussed today what went wrong.
Gerald Walpin, a lawyer for the Sanitation and Recycling Industry of New York, a group representing most of the city's carting companies, said the city had used ''unconstitutional procedures'' in allowing the contracts to be summarily canceled.
They know how to play.
demeaned its own product by arguing that numbers displayed on a pager or a computer screen are ''anything like seeing slam dunks or behind-the-back passes.''
But how can they say that when those sorts of things are going on?"
Mr. Clinton announced that he had signed a proclamation calling for a moment of silence across America at 9:02 A.M. central daylight time on April 19, the one year anniversary of the bombing.
The police quickly found the suspect's house, discovered ample evidence that Mr. Reemtsma had been held there and identified two of the three perpetrators.
Clark County, Nev., $120 million of general obligation bonds.
He is the son of Paul Kutik of London and the late Beatrice Sudnow.
At NBC, the big advertisers include Chrysler, Mastercard and Microsoft, which pay $50,000 to $150,000 for a 30-second spot, depending on time and season, NBC said.
All these facts are accessible, thanks to the N.E.P.A.
Ms. Goldberg is scheduled to replace Nathan Lane as the star of ''A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum'' in February.
Before long, however, some cracks appear in the friendship.
And ultimately, Dr. Williams added, "we want to know when Popo is going out of that envelope and is ready to blow."
They traveled to Niagara Falls.
Instead, it has been working to get certain troublesome aspects modified, particularly traffic and noise problems.
''I think if you are in the writing, author or public policy business, you're always known unfortunately by your last book,'' he continued.
Mr. Mandino then took a job as a salesman at an insurance company run by W. Clement Stone, the Chicago executive and writer of motivational books.
I could feel fatigue, so I started taking myself in and out of the game.
For the coming of the second age, wait until 1998, when a renovated $6.5 million theater is to open on the same site on the Drew University campus after a nomadic summer next year.
Mr. Chernomyrdin did not explain where the money would come from.
''Yankee Stadium,'' Scully said on TV, ''is shivering in its concrete foundation right now.''
Even those with an overload of chefs' cookbooks will find "Home Food" (Clarkson Potter, 1995, $25) and "Comforting Foods" (Macmillan, $25) welcome additions to the kitchen.
She has no clue to what my father and I are trying to accomplish.
''I'd be worried about the knowledge behind that.''
Her old union plan, she said, sometimes left her with hundreds of dollars in expenses each year.
Hodges had been a backup shooting guard for the Bulls, and was still considered one of the better 3-point shooters in the league.
Later that year his father named him Deputy Minister of Economics.
Mr. Dole, his party's all-but-certain Presidential nominee, has changed the pre-convention terrain twice in a month.
Under the Nazi occupation, Casson and his circle of well-heeled friends are forced to adapt to a new set of rules.
I'm not a dirty player.
But this world of achievement she passed over with speed.
And that's where she stands now after having won $546,047 so far this year.
That's why he's one of the best in the world," said Glenn Healy, the goalie.
Only Germany fully endorses the ultimatum Mr. Holbrooke will deliver.
Some traders speculated yesterday that the number could be revised to as high as one million new jobs.
The most disconcerting thing about Silver Swan is a tendency toward polkas and oompah music in the background.
Of course, this was the first time the expected starters, including the No.
''I'll be glad to have the escalators back, I can tell you that,'' she said.
The advertiser was the Jeep line of vehicles marketed by the Chrysler Corporation, which received the John O'Toole Award.
He had played brilliantly and collected a top match-point score, for at other tables the pairs who climbed to four spades all failed.
Before that, it had seen the production of a wide range of classical plays; it served as temporary home to the Covent Garden Opera when its building caught fire in 1856; it presented Dame Sybil Thorndike in ''St.
"It needs to be told," said Eddie Lee Cook, 62, who runs a luggage repair shop.
Since school let out, thousands upon thousands of interns have been going to jobs in stores, banks, businesses, factories, publishing houses, government offices and elsewhere, hoping to learn something they can use later to build a career.
Also known as stem broccoli, broccoli rabe or rapini, it looks like a flowering head of broccoli, but it is more closely related to the turnip family.
Certainly, this has been true for Mr. O'Connell.
"People are switching to Windows computers to take advantage of the Internet."
A family with a home worth $70,000 and annual income of $60,000 would see its tax bill drop by $5,378, according to estimates by the Michigan Treasury Department.
He had a 52-9 record, and his 1987 team won the national title.
By this afternoon they had surrounded the heavily fortified Severny airport five miles north of the city and were shelling it with mortar rounds.
Irvin and two topless dancers, Beck and JASMINE NABWANGU, face charges stemming from a March 4 incident at an Irving motel.
''It just helps to bridge the connections between them and literature in a way that's current,'' said Catherine Goldsmith, an English teacher who has used the ''Looking for Richard'' guide in her 10th-grade class at West Babylon High School on Long Island.
Ultimately, Doyle's return to West Table takes on a mythic quality, with an ironic overlay of California mysticism, as he comes to terms with the inescapability of who he is.
problem by making MSNBC the competing news channel on its cable systems.
Nor has either suffered significant redemptions from investors concerned about the incident, as the three Morgan Grenfell European funds have.
When European colonizers divided up the continent, there was little consideration for tribal boundaries or equitable distribution of natural resources.
In this so-called golden age, Rabbi Serels said, Spain's Jews were poets, religious leaders, artisans and businessmen comfortable with and an integral part of the Spanish culture, and they were largely accepted and respected by non-Jewish fellow Spaniards.
He became an Australian citizen three years ago last weekend -- the minimum allowable time to qualify for the national team.
''It's a great story that has both human drama and beautiful things.''
Money from Mr. Pataki's newly proposed $1.5 billion environmental bond issue could help finance recycling centers in the city.
In May the accusations involving Mr. Francis led Deborah T. Poritz, then the state Attorney General, to order the state police to do another background check on him.
The scenes in the play range from his boyhood to his death at 65.
"There has been no rain."
"Because I've been playing well, the other centers, especially the really good ones, are stepping up their games and working hard," Bradley said.
Failing in six hearts would not have been a bad result, since East-West can make five spades.
Airline and Government officials are being vague, though, about the details of both programs.
''Then I told myself to wait back to get a good pitch to hit.
vote with their hearts,'' finished his wife, Leslie.
(She is now the head of the child development division at New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center; they have been married nearly 30 years and have four daughters.)
In most cases, Inspector Chan has been able to use his heritage to tackle issues his predecessors could not.
The Examiner ran a page of color photos of a "Fat Woman '96" beauty contest in Moscow.
* Consumer Health Services, Boulder, Colo., to Media Direct Partners, New York, to handle the media buying part of the account of 1-800-DOCTORS, a telephone medical service, with billings estimated at $4 million to $6 million.
He's a nice guy and a lot of fun.
But we weren't prepared for her to pass away.''
But he had allowed it to come to the Council floor as a matter of conscience and now says he would probably support the measure today.
A4 National A8-13, B7 WELFARE DISPUTE FLARES UP After President Clinton vetoed a more restrictive bill to change welfare, House Republicans are thinking of throwing their support to a Senate version that the President has said he would support.
''It's that he's not doing what he's capable of doing.
They questioned Mr. Simpson for only a few minutes about small corners of the case, including incidents in which he was accused of abusing Mrs. Simpson and aspects of the suicide-style letter he wrote before the famous slow-speed chase on June 17, 1994.
6 VOTE FAVORS NEW GOVERNMENT More than 30,000 descendants of Hawaii's original Polynesians voted nearly 3 to 1 in favor of creating some sort of native Hawaiian government, election officials said.
We saw that each one in a different way was influencing big fashion.
Mr. Vincent says that the power of his violent scenes with Mr. Pesci is not in the gore but in the hatred they are able to summon up.
But NCR shares have been trading on a ''when issued'' basis since Dec. 11, meaning that investors have pledged to buy and sell the stock at agreed prices when it becomes available.
On Sunday, there was a disturbance in the mess hall, with inmates throwing food and trays at staff members, injuring four officers, Mr. Antenen said.
Bujumbura is a city of rumors.
The detentions began 13 days ago, and initially NATO officers declined to investigate them.
In May, he went before the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, which is investigating the atrocities of the apartheid era, and, in testifying about corruption in the Transkei, he repeated an old scandal about Stella Sigcau, now the country's Minister of Public Enterprises.
Novotna used a strong serve and her relentless slice backhands to win her third tournament this year.
He said this refuted contentions about a rapid erosion rate.
It's a great project that includes every student on the team.
Her 6-7 (2-7), 6-1, 7-5 victory over the 13th-seeded Rubin improved her record at Flinders Park to 27-0.
One goal is to show that the college, a Christian school that was named for William Jennings Bryan, John Scopes's grumpy, Bible-beating antagonist, is still proud of their man.
Here the ballerina, slowly dipped head-down by her spinning partner, is finally carried off in profile at his side, head thrown back.
Did you ever get assurance from Jim McDougal that your name would be secreted from any loan documents pertaining to any loan from David Hale or his S.B.I.C.?
She praised Mr. Clinton, who she said had stood up to powerful business lobbies.
"These are the mysteries, and the mysteries belong to God."
Airspeed falls very suddenly, and so does lift, so the plane can lose altitude rapidly.
Over four months, the Police Department cleaned up the block, ferreting out and then attacking the roots of the organization that ran the Norfolk Street drug trade for nearly a decade.
While these types of records are not available in most states, Ms. Kirtley said that there has been a recent trend toward opening up some preliminary investigative documents, including rulings in Wisconsin, Georgia and Minnesota.
Most coaches are tight, and our coaches here get that way, too.
He writes: ''Mutual fund investors should own sector funds only for a specific purpose and only for a small portion of their equity assets.''
Cross-country is a rigorous fall sport typically conducted on park trails like those at Van Cortlandt Park in the Bronx.
More stock options will be given as bonuses for sales performance.
In nearly two dozen major orchestral programs, there will be only three works by living composers.
Correlating these data with information on productivity of various soil types, modern crop yields, and detailed geography, she concluded that enough corn could have been grown during the drought to support the population.
Many rights activists believe that is leading to a new era of repression, even as many Chinese say they have more liberties than at any time in this century to pursue economic prosperity.
Mrs. Dole became Secretary of Labor in 1989, and she was widely praised for intervening to settle the United Mine Workers strike against the Pittson Coal Company.
Lukas has now won three straight Belmonts and seven of the last eight Triple Crown races.
To wit: "Students use spoken, written and visual language to accomplish their purposes."
Mike Lowry of Washington has declared a state of emergency for 15 counties in western Washington, allowing National Guard contingents to be dispatched.
One month later, at a conference in Jakarta, Indonesia, that included China's Jiang Zemin, President Clinton surprised U.S. Embassy officials by holding a private meeting with James Riady.
A14 FEAR FOR MAINE LOBSTERS Although Maine lobstermen hauled in their most lucrative catch ever last year, biologists and officials worry that lobsters may be trapped to the brink of extinction.
Finally, the maybe's may end for Jones, along with the pain and frustration of three years of waiting.
Cher comes to life here, but Mr. O'Neal, looking hefty and unfunny, remains at sea.
New York City received mostly rain yesterday, with a few snow flurries mixed in.
Whitaker fearlessly fought inside against Rivera, using superior hand speed to consistently beat Rivera to the punch.
Working beside her was Mrs. Vlacich.
"It's not a lot of time," said George T. Haymaker Jr., Kaiser Aluminum's chairman and chief executive.
Both Mr. Buck and Mr. Abrams plan to live in their respective buildings.
To serve, pour the soup into heated individual bowls.
These scouts, or wave fronts, radiate out from their points like ripples from two pebbles dropped in a pond.
There, they maneuvered with authorities to skirt censorship.
Today, a handful of television dramas like this one, along with occasional music videos, are virtually all that is left of the Cambodian movie industry, which over the past decade has experienced what is probably the fastest growth and quickest death of any in the world.
Weekend Children's Museum of Manhattan 212 West 83d Street (212) 721-1223 Recommended for all ages Saturday, Sunday and Monday This weekend, preschoolers whose parents (grandparents?)
And then there's something else: levels of hierarchy don't stop with immigrant and nonimmigrant, legal and illegal.
It's like a dog show.
Et Tu, Board of Education?
A New Orleans company, Freeport-McMoran Inc., says it owned the Sherritt property before the Cuban revolution in the late 1950's.
Mr. Dole's campaign is nearly out of money, and advisers fear that the candidate will not be able to respond to the barrage of advertising that the Clinton campaign has promised to unleash on the Dole economic plan.
"She was in a lot of pain.
"The magazine is presumably doing at least break even, but in the financial world, people value magazines at just two times earnings; Hot Wired is losing over $1 million a month, but is driving all the value in the I.P.O."
They killed five penalties themselves, including a five-minute major on Palffy.
He has told union members and even most union officials almost nothing about this autumn's labor talks, including his series of secret meetings with the chairmen of each of the Big Three auto companies.
A first step in deciding whether to sue your lawyer is to get "two outside evaluations from competent attorneys -- and I stress the word 'competent,' " Mr. Stageberg said.
And Stamford had begun to court smaller companies like reinsurance, that were more likely to grow in the future.
I mean, I get booed at Seattle, at Chicago.
Joe Carollo, a Cuban-born "comeback kid" who has been exhorting Miami to play a larger role in global commerce, was elected on Tuesday as mayor of Miami and was sworn in at noon today on the steps of City Hall.
Bank Street, by Servantis Systems, for example, uses the more streamlined controls of Windows.
Senate Republicans tried and failed today to break a filibuster that Democrats have been staging to prevent a vote to extend the life of the special Whitewater committee.
All that Glen seems to have inherited from the old man is an alcohol problem.
The austerity of the narrow wool suits was offset by the satin shirts and the glittery pomade in the hair -- the look was androgynous yet practical, sexy yet wearable.
The Finance Ministry will be trying over the next few weeks to push legislation through Parliament that initially allows $6.5 billion in taxpayers' money to be used in liquidating the jusen companies.
did, however, seize a vast amount of paperwork, including page after page of military instructions from the Field Commander and elaborate diagrams on the secret hiding places of various weapons.
This global triumph of women in sports has a distinctly made-in-America flavor.
He read Machiavelli and argued Gibran's philosophy.
"I told my wife one night, 'I feel as if I'm being stalked,' " said Thomas Rath, a Concord lawyer who backed Senator Dole eight years ago and supports Mr. Alexander this time.
Visitors to the country report that many people live on one meal a day.
"But at the margins when all other things are equal, about 5 or 10 percent of passengers will opt for the nicer place."
Big Marketing Brother knows all about you -- what you owe, what you buy, probably what you think.
By 1974, after Pompidou's death, Chirac became Prime Minister under Valery Giscard d'Estaing, a man of unmatched arrogance who kept Chirac on a tight leash and regularly humiliated him at Cabinet meetings.
But the general added, "This is a 10-year struggle to protect our children."
They met in the unlikeliest of places, the training room, and Giants quarterback Dave Brown and the Arizona Cardinals quarterback Kent Graham could do nothing but shake their heads and laugh about it.
There has been speculation within the opposition that Mr. Milosevic might give up control of Nis in exchange for continued control of the capital.
It is clear that the United States, having bailed out the Mexican economy and signed the Nafta treaty to create closer trade ties, was not prepared to jeopardize its investment by naming Mexico a drug pariah.
Jeter made a throwing error on a ball he later admitted he should not have thrown to open the 10th inning.
Mr. Baitz's nuclear and extended families vary from play to play.
HE suspected something was afoot in the 1960's.
Why shouldn't we be the world champions?''
DAVID FISHER New City, N.Y., Aug. 13, 1996
The runners must have discipline.
Mayor William Pascrell Jr. is expected to join the Democratic candidates hoping to unseat United States Representative William J. Martini, a Republican, in the fall.
Mayor Michel said that when Mr. Lafontaine brought the issue into the public spotlight, "he destroyed the only little bit of reconciliation that had happened in this town."
That seemed salutary, since many of them had conceived and directed Moscow's brutal military campaign in Chechnya and none of them were known as students of democracy.
He wrote that Hillary Rodham Clinton was the driving force behind the decision, wanted him to quickly remove the entire travel staff and exerted heavy pressure through Harry Thomason, a Hollywood producer friend and Vincent W. Foster Jr., the deputy White House counsel.
Shares rose as much as 8.5 pence, to 192.5 pence, their highest since Dec. 3, 1991.
As the Roman Empire disintegrated during the fifth century, Irish monks copied 3 13 Western literature.
"Don't just talk to the oldies but goodies -- the pre-affirmative-action generation," Kathy Rodgers, executive director of the National Organization for Women's Legal Defense Fund, chided reporters at a news conference.
This topic was among those discussed with the Chinese by the American officials who left Beijing just before the Wang verdict.
''Like an ice cream man, you are not going to make it in vanilla only,'' said Michel Roux, president and chief executive at the Carillon unit of Grand Metropolitan P.L.C.
''Now rents on Bridge Street are $150 a square foot.''
Now I can worry about other things."
decision the previous month to strip the South African FRANCIS BOTHA of the title after he was disqualified for using a steroid during his championship bout with Schulz in Stuttgart, Germany, last Dec. 9.
Some of the rape victims who had babies as a result say it is hard for them to muster affection for their babies.
The Yankees almost lost Game 2 before rallying in the eighth with four outs left in the game, and they almost lost Game 3 before rallying in the ninth with three outs left.
Neil O'Donnell, according to his close friends, is turning more into his father every day -- only on a grander scale.
The News Corporation's new Iguide, by comparison, does not purport to be a brand-enhancer, but rather an all-purpose media Web site -- including, for example, news stories from Reuters and other sources as well as a lot of useful material on cyberspace and computing.
While the smirk is there, the soup-making skill is at least a notch below.
A source close to the investigation confirmed the map's existence.
''The germ of the idea,'' explained Mr. Foote, ''came because when I went fishing out around Southport and returned, people would see me and say they had a child who was dying to go fishing, what should they do?''
Analysts have said that losing the unprofitable unit would not greatly affect Johnson & Johnson, which posted revenue of $18.8 billion in 1995.
Even without wars, though, the city -- laid out along the riverbank "in the posture of an undulating dragon and a sitting tiger" in the words of a contemporary chronicle -- presented a catalogue of ecological threats to its monuments.
"For example, one of our clients, the Publishers Clearinghouse, is the second-largest customer of the U.S. Post Office," he said.
The Dhondy team won by 11 imps, and the diagramed deal from the first half decided the issue.
A ton of hot-rolled -- minimally processed -- steel goes for about $350.
Armand Pretlow portrayed a man fond of showing off his emotions and confusions.
Smith Barney will be the lead underwriter.
Fixed price dinner, without wine, $55, 6 to 9 P.M., Sunday to 8.
Part futuristic, part primitive -- Mr. Fisk gamely calls it "the esthetics of the unfinished" -- the structure brings together much of the center's thinking under one impossible-to-miss roof.
The disagreements foreshadow a major battle over proposals to reduce the Federal guarantee of retirement benefits and supplement it with a new system of compulsory individual savings accounts.
The others were sent home, and a round-the-clock curfew was declared.
Mr. Bournias, like Mr. Fortinos before him, is skilled in two traditional styles, the duple Sirto and the Tsiftetelli, exotic forms of music that originated in what was Greek-occupied Asia Minor and is now part of Turkey.
Monsignor Fogarty is survived by a brother, Donald X. Fogarty of Ridgewood, Conn., and a sister, Mary Crego of White Plains.
(AP) HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL Grady-Erasmus Showdown Set Grady breezed past Tilden, 84-57, and Erasmus defeated New Utrecht, 71-63, in the Public School Athletic League semifinals yesterday at the Elmcor Center in Queens, setting up a Grady-Erasmus final Saturday at Madison Square Garden.
California is one of 19 states considering measures that would deny government recognition to same-sex marriages performed within the state or elsewhere.
The Internal Revenue Service had sought a total of $1.5 million from Mr. Murray, 41, who was president, and Ms. Murray-O'Hair, 30, the editor of the organization's magazine; the agency accused them of using the organization's money for personal purposes.
''But we can handle the Tchaikovsky Fourth.''
The fare is $8.75, and 50 cents for ages 5 to 11, each way.
It was a different story in Scarsdale, though.
And meat goats require less protein-rich food.
" Interest, and investment, in exotic animals are fueled by several forces pressuring Western ranchers.
CHICKEN SOUP FOR THE SOUL, compiled by Jack Canfield and Mark Victor Hansen.
Parents who were with their children were much less anxious than those who were not, according to the study, which is reported this month in the journal Pediatrics.
It did not start out smoothly.
BUT the fund's performance is no mystery and is even more laudable given the wide berth under which most such clubs operate.
Judy Collins sings show tunes, traditional ballads and contemporary folk songs with the Hartford Symphony under the guest conductor Apo Hsu, closing out the orchestra's new summer residence at the Talcott Mountain Music Festival.
Sanchez Vicario, of Spain, said she wasn't about to allow McGrath's inauspicious ranking to distract her from the American's auspicious 12-1 record on grass courts this year.
A TCI spokeswoman said accounting rules prevent the company from declaring the purchase "probable" until it has a closing date.
What she will not do under any circumstances is reveal the secret recipe to her brownies, except to say that the trick is to figure out your recipe and follow it precisely.
He would sit on a wooden platform at the northwest corner of the University of Pennsylvania's Franklin Field, with two telephones in front of him constantly ringing with calls from assistants around the field.
Trail rides with guide through Prospect Park, $20 an hour; 5-minute pony rides, $2.
Health maintenance organizations and other forms of managed care are far more advanced in California than in much of the country, and critics say it only makes sense that the backlash would begin there as well.
That is because Dana Alexander, a co-owner, who was once the manager of Isabella's, converted a former crack house into a charming little restaurant.
Many were drunk or asleep.
''He's a Yankee nut,'' Steinbrenner said.
"When people leave, they should have a feeling of the essence of Buddhism."
Emmy Delacruz and her best friend, Manuela Guzman, had their routine down even before the first float: gyrate furiously to the deafening bass line for about 30 seconds, then scream: ''Republica Dominicana!''
In addition to his arm and a tight playoff race, Gooden has pressing issues to deal with.
The prospect of the exercises prompted about 300 Taiwan citizens to leave small islands around Matsu, the strategic bastion off the Chinese port of Fuzhou that was to serve as the Nationalists' staging area to retake the mainland.
Nicole Allison Klein, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James A. Klein of Garrison, N.Y., was married at her parents' house last evening to Scott David Jandrucko, a son of Mr. and Mrs. John D. Jandrucko of Garrison.
A spokesman for the Office of Management and Budget, Larry Haas, said this week that the Boskin group's findings would be ''an important statement but not the end of the process,'' and he ruled out the idea of incorporating any recommendations in the 1998 budget the Administration is developing.
The look and design of desktop personal computers have not changed much in two decades.
But I don't want that label.
That will take pressure off Huskey.
Ms. Pfeiffer is just as comfortable with the role of Tally Atwater, putty in the hands of Mr. Redford's chino-wearing Svengali.
The two reconstructions are removing one million square feet of office space from the inventory.
Last March, she might have won the 1996 world cross-country championships in Cape Town if she had not been spiked early in the race.
(This article was transmitted over a GTE airphone on a Delta MD-88.
And a dozen students walked out of the commencement in protest when Mr. Levin began to speak.
Councilman Daryl Revoldt argued that the development would bring new jobs and help diversify the economy.
Some wonder about the Government's priorities, asking whether it is creating expensive prestige projects that can never pay for themselves.
Both are regional competitors of Valujet, although rising interest rates also likely played a role in their declines.
Patrons will have to book their cruises at least a day in a advance, for example, which he said would prevent customers from waiting in line or overcrowding the parking area or local streets.
The comment, plunked into the middle of what amounted to an upbeat summary of the State of the Union and his own psychic recovery from the devastating midterm electoral reverses of 1994, exploded into three days of unflattering headlines and comparisons to Jimmy Carter's maladroit meditation on malaise.
They listened to the rural stylings of the Paul Oscher Trio and bobbed to the hard-edged blues of Gatewood, a New York City band.
We passed welfare reform, now let's move a million people from welfare to work.
The Mayor also appointed Raul Russi, currently the city's Sheriff, to become the new Commissioner of Probation.
These are the same agricultural highlands that produced Haile Gebrselassie, the men's world record-holder at 5,000 and 10,000 meters and a double Olympic favorite in Atlanta.
Still, employees of E&B Paving of Anderson, Ind., were willing to put their legs at risk as, under a broiling Midwestern summer sun a few weeks back, they laid down a stretch of blacktop along Interstate 69, near Muncie.
Mr. Yeltsin did that today, and at the same time he has fulfilled the most important condition that most liberals have set for supporting him.
Using a touch-sensitive screen, customers will be able to look up books by author, title, subject, genre, theme, time and location, checking thousands of categories, said Tom Simon, a senior vice president for Muze, a New York company controlled by Metromedia, whose chairman is the billionaire John W. Kluge.
Mr. Versace's last show pared the pieces into their simplest permutations.
Mr. Rokhlin's report was far more specific.
Manton (D) Nay Nay Yea Nay Yea Nay 8.
Even with Mr. Dole's attempt to use the Middle East crisis as a springboard to discuss foreign policy, the attention of both campaigns was shifting to the Bushnell auditorium in Hartford this Sunday, where the debate will be held.
An afternoon of Ohio, Pennsylvania and Indiana wines is ''best forgotten,'' Mr. Eisen said.
Seawind Cruise Line, 4770 Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 700, Miami, Fla. 33137; (305) 573-7447 or (800) 258-8006.
1 player in the N.B.A.
Again, the question must be asked.
Capriati was once the hippest, coolest kid in tennis, too.
Mr. Kunimatsu, who was shot by a gunman described as unusually tall -- as is Mr. Hayashi -- nearly died in the attack, and he is still said to be in poor health, so much so that he may step down before long.
Others, like the English standards, have been criticized as imprecise or ignored altogether amid continuing suspicion about Federal intrusions into local education.
"In a zone defense like Seattle plays, they're just going to send him some way where they can double-team him all the time."
The Huskers, in preparing for the most efficient passer in college football history, had concentrated on two areas in the hope of making Danny Wuerffel vulnerable.
How did the park come into being?
"Big" ends with the boy deciding that adulthood can wait.
Like increasing numbers of Idahoans, Mr. Willis would prefer that Idaho no longer permit any processing or storing of nuclear waste.
Another large study, published this year in the journal Circulation, linked troponin T with heart patients' risk of death during six months of follow-up.
The movie "Il Postino" ("The Postman") may not have won the Best Picture Oscar last week, but it surely says something that an erotically and politically charged poet like Pablo Neruda should be celebrated on the big screen.
127 from the ticket machine and elbows into poultry position.
''Chechen independence cannot be subject to trade-offs and compromises,'' the separatist leader, Zelimkhan Yandarbiyev, was quoted as telling the congress.
McClain, who scored 18 points with 15 rebounds, thought about a journey that began in early October, has lasted more than 100,000 miles and 59 games, and suddenly has 40 minutes to go.
A1 CHANGE FOR INDIANA PAST-TIME Indiana officials decided to abolish the 85-year-old state basketball tournament in favor of four separate tournaments, each for schools of comparable size.
Mr. Safir added: "We have great sympathy for the family, and everything we can do to help the family we will do."
After playing golf on the mist-covered courses of Ireland, Rick Pitino's mind is almost clear on whether he will accept an offer to be the coach, general manager and part owner of the New Jersey Nets.
This morning, before his session with Mr. Hashimoto, Mr. Clinton and his wife, Hillary, were welcomed at the Akasaka Palace, the official state quest house modeled after Versailles, by Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko.
"No problem," Bubka recalled about the subway ride.
Although there was never a ruling on that claim, the defense won an agreement from prosecutors that they would not use evidence they uncovered in the search that indicated Mr. Kelly's life style in Europe.
Twice he gave the Cuban standing 8 counts and then hung on for a 17-12 victory.
But Harlem wasn't always that.
The net worth of Washington Bullets owner Abe Pollin was reported to be $100 million, derived originally from local Washington real estate.
The bride is a granddaughter of the late Henry Morgenthau Jr., the Secretary of the Treasury in the Roosevelt Administration, and of the late Fred Hirschhorn, the founder and president of the General Cigar Company in New York.
"Those two guys see each other?"
Thus, all the playoff teams and their attractive coaches, or assistant coaches, or general managers are off-limits going into this weekend.
Seven of Childs's assists came during that decisive final period, as the Knicks went on a 14-2 run that turned an 82-81 deficit into a 95-84 lead with five minutes to play.
Several analysts believe TCI is likely to spin Liberty off this summer as a traditionally structured public company.
Johan Wagenaar's Overture to "The Taming of the Shrew" on Friday was a busy narrative in sound, spilling out bright sounds and churning with subdivided string parts.
He also played a role during the 1950's in creating the Power Reactor Development Company, which built an experimental breeder reactor in Monroe, Mich., that supplied electricity to the Detroit Edison Company.
The book is filled with sweeping, unsupported generalizations.
While radical pacifism gave the New Left its ''major protest method'' in nonviolent direct action, and helped ''in the reconstitution of American dissent during the 1950's and 1960's,'' the individualist thrust of this tradition made it difficult for the students to create ''sustainable alternatives'' for American society.
Later, a boy who appeared to be about 12 years old danced nude around the bodies, waving an assault rifle above his head in a victory cheer.
Above all, the Christian throng forgave him for whatever may need forgiving, as several said, whether it be each vagary of Whitewater or the alleged pride of the First Lady or the reputed lust of Dick Morris, the President's departed political strategist.
As part of the arrangement, the licensing agreement, which now expires in 15 years, could be extended, and the terms could be made more favorable to the Japanese company.
For example, clinical trials have just begun in the United States to test the effectiveness of a simple doctor's office procedure to stop excessive menstrual bleeding, which now accounts for up to 20 percent of hysterectomies.
Where Mr. Hyland is short and stocky, Mr. Masters is tall and regal.
Thirty-six percent said abortion should be "generally available," while 37 percent said it should be against the law except in cases of rape, incest or to save the woman's life.
And the low-key Mr. Edgar, who noted that he had been "working the state for months" for Mr. Dole, said that maybe the Senator would reward someone who did not come on too strong.
Kansas City Power and Light said it would notify shareholders of a new meeting date in the next few days.
"I just happened to stop in a shop and buy my wife a purse," he said.
In a welcome bit of good news for Apple Macintosh users, Microsoft has just released a test version of Internet Explorer for the Mac, available at URL: http:// www.microsoft.com/windows/ie/mac /macdl.htm.
He did not offer proposals on what statewide taxes New Jersey should raise to replace the lost revenues.
''There's no excuse that an office didn't have the basic equipment to treat emergencies,'' Dr. Swidler said of the study results, ''but it's outrageous and it's criminal that pediatricians are not certified'' in pediatric advanced life support.
The cars won't even compete for the same buyers.
"There is an immediacy in the articles and news items that you don't get in a book," Ms. Barzel said.
This year, the cadets stood in the rain for a victory over Tulane.
The Bears (2-3) trailed by 17-3 in the second half and were booed.
It does not make any difference if the judicial screening panel is screening for the governor or for the general electorate.
But his reactions in this scene suggest a charade player acting out "indecision."
He is hopeful that a preservation-minded buyer will materialize.
The method once intrigued us; maybe we know the method too well.
Litton Industries said yesterday that a Federal appeals court had reversed a lower court ruling and upheld an order for a new trial on damages in a $1.2 billion patent infringement case with Honeywell Inc.
A large crowd surrounded the two arresting officers, who called for backup by radio.
Somehow, a flat, almost disembodied, loudspeaker requires a greater psychological adjustment than does a ''television'' in a picture frame.
"As I move ahead, with my board, to create a management system that truly serves the needs of children, I intend to focus all my efforts toward that goal," he said, "rather than become mired in the debate about governance."
17 cb Qc5 18 Qe5!
From our blindered viewpoint, we cannot tell whether dim stars are really farther away than bright stars, or whether their thermonuclear furnaces are simply cooler, throwing off less light.
It's almost spring at Rutgers University.
Seymour Gabaeff, the sales representative for Sysco, had merchandise to sell.
We want to create uplift.''
The Nazis did not want Jews participating in their Berlin Olympics, but they tried to put on a different face for those, especially some groups in America, who protested that the Germans were discriminating against Jewish athletes.
But at the meeting, Mr. Appleton and the board were mum.
But it is very rare for an opossum to have rabies.
The Bt gene gives the plant the secret to making a protein that is deadly to the borer without having any impact on beneficial insects, like ladybugs, or the livestock that will eventually eat the corn.
Director, Center for the Study of Psychiatry and Psychology Bethesda, Md., May 15, 1996
This white plastic holder can be stuck to any wall or to the dryer itself; it keeps those rolls of dryer sheets from, well, rolling away.
Parents make it into a much bigger deal than it is for the kids.
In "Leaving Las Vegas," this ridiculously upbeat ending has been replaced by a dogged, oh-so-stylish despondency that's equally artificial.
For a second week, North Korea threatened today to restart its nuclear program if the United States delayed building it two modern nuclear reactors.
Budig would not comment on the findings of the investigators' report, but he said in a telephone interview, "Investigators found reason for league action."
She gathers facts and impressions, of times, things and places.
In the middle of the room are a couple of silver wine coolers the size of bathtubs.
"First impressions can last a long time."
''They've been a very integral part of the revitalization of the British film industry.
''The last time we were here together,'' said Mr. Stowell, ''was back in the 60's, when Mr. Balanchine made it his base.
Besides talking with Huizenga, Johnson today interviewed several assistants from the Don Shula regime and figures to interview more Thursday.
He said the two measures would save the state $1.1 billion that could be used to close the projected budget shortfall.
He has been counseled to leave his personal feelings at home and to make every effort to adhere to the affirmative action guidelines.
''Without subsidies and incentives, there'd be no investment at all,'' said Hans-George Otto, the Mayor of Dessau.
"Laptops are getting smaller, lighter and more powerful," said David Johnston, the chief executive of Safeware.
One person who heard the gunfire, Carlos Rivera, 25, said that when the shots rang out, he ran to his third-floor window and saw a police officer running to his wounded colleague.
The Investment Company Institute, which represents the mutual-fund industry, will take a leading role, along with big companies like Fidelity Investments and Merrill Lynch & Company.
Ms. Bethel, a tenth grader, is the second-oldest of six children 7 to 18 years old.
Moreover, the agency will add a patient advocate to each of its advisory boards, beyond the one consumer member already on the boards, which play a crucial role in determining if a drug is effective and safe enough to put on the market.
The MOVE bombing is now being cast not as a plausible if tragic response, but as an example of police misconduct and law enforcement gone wrong.
And its biggest, busiest branch, a 16,000-square-foot site at 86th Street and Third Avenue, once housed the Manhattan Savings Bank.
''I ran for President, my fellow Americans, because I thought national politics had become too much rhetoric and too little action; because I got sick and tired of people calling each other names and trying to demonize their opponents and trying to scare the living daylights out of people and convince people that their opponents were no good.
She said she would take ''full responsibility'' in place of the party's two chairmen.
Crew became Chancellor last October.
July 30-Aug. 9: ''Forever Plaid.''
I wouldn't trust anybody without the supervision of me or my wife."
Once a doctor in Vancouver, British Columbia -- where Hernandez played -- discovered his problem, he said, she told him that he could not accompany his Pacific Coast League team on a three-city trip because there was a chance he could die on the road.
To Mr. Fitzpatrick, that seemed a strange reward for success.
''Tanya carried on the principles that the theater was founded on,'' he said, citing Craig Lucas and Jon Robin Baitz as examples of playwrights nurtured during the Berezin regime.
Those interested in Haida culture and art will want to visit the Queen Charlotte Islands Museum in Skidegate, (604) 559-4643, which has exhibits on Haida history and culture, natural history, Canadian settlement on the islands and contemporary Haida art.
Christopher Cox: Less than full faith.
"In talking to the Olympic committee, he convinced them that the average temperature in Atlanta in July and August is 75 degrees."
In the end, the experience of working on ''Les Enfants Terribles'' confirmed Ms. Marshall's notion that there are striking similarities between directing and choreographing.
But negative historical connotations aside, both management and labor often resist the pay-for-performance concept.
"Shareholders and the industry both will benefit."
The attack follows desecrations of tombs in Jewish cemeteries in the provinces of Cordoba and Salta in recent months and the deadly bombings of the Israeli Embassy in Buenos Aires in 1992, which killed 29 people, and of the country's main Jewish cultural center in 1994.
Discussing his retirement in an interview yesterday, Mr. Jenrette said: "I've been quietly planning it for a couple of years; when I turned 65 a couple of years ago I thought it would be nice to enjoy my retirement.
The Columbus McKinnon Corporation agreed yesterday to acquire Spreckels Industries, another maker of material handling and industrial products, for $24 a share, or about $150 million.
Flight 800, have helped shape both the technical inquiry into the cause of the crash and the F.B.I.
Just 31 percent of those schools had Internet access, compared with 62 percent for schools where 11 percent or fewer were eligible for subsidized lunches.
Hubert and his sister, Keisha, six years younger, were then brought up by their father, Hubert Sr., an administrator in the United States Department of Education.
''Men drive longer distances, but women take more trips,'' said Patricia Waller, director of the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute.
Committee for Public Education & Religious Liberty New York, Nov. 14, 1996
The rebels also announced the suspension of their controversial "war tax" on landowners as a goodwill gesture.
In a response to complaints from riders, the Transit Authority has begun a two-year campaign to replace the city's 18,000 bus stop signs.
The Viennese choir was splendid, with beautiful, perfectly ordered German diction and a fiery self-confidence.
Voters in South Dakota, Tennessee and Texas will find Mr. Perot's name on the ballot as an independent candidate.
Admission: $3; $2.55 for the elderly.
The Mexican Government tried last month to sell a smaller rail line, a scenic 940-mile route that twists south from the border city of Juarez through the spectacular Copper Canyon, a popular tourist route, and on to the Pacific port of Topolobampo.
Monika Bella-Bragg, special-events director at Macy's Herald Square store, said: "This is the first time we've done something like this, combining fashion and a motor company.
Other days, you're thinking, 'I really should be back at the office.'
In Peshawar, Mr. Yousef may also have met Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman.
Mr. DioGuardi, a 55-year-old accountant and a staunch opponent of abortion rights, became something of a cause celebre among national conservative groups after Speaker Newt Gingrich sanctioned a New Jersey Representative, Christopher H. Smith, for breaking ranks and supporting Mr. DioGuardi.
Or perhaps that civilization has already collapsed, leaving these relics as evidence of its decline.
Somehow, the ocean always seemed to part for us.
It had three distinct advantages -- it was air-conditioned, there was excellent rock music blasted over the sound system and it was underground, with no exposure to the tacky tents and trailers and the offensive food smells just outside near Centennial Park.
I said to Spike, 'This is not Michael Jordan of the Bulls.'
But let's not dismiss it because it promotes values.
Plant leafy fall vegetables like kale and Chinese broccoli.
Success depends on the right kind of follow-through.
I overcame my fear and discovered his rhythm.
"I myself am so tempted not to vote at all in November," Ms. King added, anticipating an even longer season of political ennui hereabouts once the primary dance moves on.
The three told Mr. Rubin: "It now appears you will be required to take broader actions, including perhaps extraordinary and unprecedented measures.
It is related to the exhibition of Sam and Elizabeth Colt's material possessions and the cultural, economic and political influence they wielded.
"I'm going to find myself a good lawyer," he said.
The fund's performance has lagged well behind that of its competitors this year, and Mr. Vinik stepped down on June 3.
Wallace kept lobbing long passes over the Kansas press, but his receivers began missing free throws.
''People moved in with each other, and the family really took the place of social security and unemployment insurance.''
In the post-glasnost years, Mr. Werboff became something of a celebrity in Russia.
This includes never asking a Bosnian Serb the way to the nearest mosque or ordering a Pepsi-Cola in Atlanta.
Running through May 15, the exhibition can be viewed at the center at 128 South Fourth Avenue on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays from 10 A.M. to 4 P.M., on Thursdays from 10 A.M. to 7 P.M. and on Sundays by appointment.
He wasn't killing anybody, so why would anyone shoot him?"
State financing for state colleges and universities and county colleges will be frozen.
"There is a clear Israeli retreat and denunciation of the fundamentals of the peace process, and we want to underline that this will block the peace process," Lebanon's Foreign Minister, Faris Bouez, said before a preparatory meeting this morning with his counterparts.
Mary Kay representatives, who call themselves ''skin care consultants,'' have to buy start-up demonstration product kits for $85.
Sauces are French, not Israeli, and they are not as spontaneous."
Today, the color, with its connotations of designer bathroom tissue and stale lingerie, makes the designer wince.
A few days ago he walked the gantlet of reporters between the Senate chamber and his office, hearing question after question on that single issue.
"Working without a script is really rare," said Ms. Eisenhauer, speaking for all the collaborators.
Mr. Thalman recalls the time a 1-year-old boy came in with severe burns to his hands.
I'll enjoy his book a lot more than Dick Morris's, which could be trouble.
Named Katie McFarland interim volleyball coach.
The actors all wear period clothes.
The group, the Institute of International Finance, a research and lobbying organization supported by more than 200 banks, contends that such moves are dangerous precedents and that countries in trouble should try to restore investor confidence rather than seek loans from the I.M.F.
Partly because of heavy incentives, it has held that position for four years.
Every 30 minutes, 6:25 A.M. to 1:55 A.M., Saturdays.
Spoon the cold tomato juice around the spinach and serve immediately.
It was once the great unifier of the Roman Empire, the lingua franca of the medieval church, the language in which both mythology and science were preserved through the dark ages.
I gave my word to the people of the First District.''
The televised explosions were a warning to Palestinians, and a demonstration to angry Israelis, that the Government was responding firmly to the suicide attacks.
Prokofiev began work on "The Fiery Angel," the earlier of these operas, in 1920, during his American sojourn and just months before the premiere of "The Love for Three Oranges."
There are policies at stake, and if you split the difference again, according to the rules of the Congressional Budget Office, there must be policies which back up whatever number that you pick.
This is Varity's second attempt to take advantage of the industry's consolidation.
For just a cartridge, Hewlett-Packard charges about $35 and Canon $42.
Ed Boyse, a spokesman for the Health Department, said that while it was illegal to keep monkeys as pets in the city, the agency did not seize them unless there was a problem.
He said that after long conversations with Rabbi Sitruk and Mr. Hajdenberg, he wanted to stress that he in no way questioned "the atrocious reality" of the Holocaust and that he condemned all those who "deny, falsify or minimize" what will always remain "an indelible stain of shame" on European history.
The General Motors Corporation owns an even larger 37 percent of Tokyo-based Isuzu Motors Ltd. G.M.
But the same problem arises with the galaxies as with the Cepheids.
The fighting, slashing and yapping stretched the length to almost three hours.
For the iris, that point is a seed.
The announcement was made after the close of trading.
But neither group captures him at the height of his power, where he can frame stillness, where his tone and texture mean so much emotionally.
Franz Josef Haydn was one of the few to reach, if not four score, a productive 77.
In the four years since, drawing on its talented returnees, and recruiting visiting professors from abroad who often teach without pay, Mbuji-Mayi has created a university that is already the envy of Zaire.
In Ms. Funke's case, her collaged canvases interpret the phenomenon of fire as a primal force, a conflagration that devastates the environment.
Included were the participants at every meeting and conference call, with an addendum of names, in alphabetical order.
I had faith in myself."
I take a slice of bread to work for my midafternoon snack.
Ms. Blake's tasks include raising money, revitalizing the 10-member board and expanding the theater's artistic venues.
"To be honest with you, I don't think people thought about it a lot," said Capt.
December marked Kharisma's eighth month with the Anthony family.
U.S. Office, based in Washington, said that among the acquisitions was closely held Bay State Computer Group, which will allow it to offer computer and telecommunications network services.
''They're paying to heat the attic,'' he said, adding that the proper way to insulate an unheated attic is to install the insulation between the joists in the attic floor -- thereby placing the insulation as close as possible to the heated rooms below.
''It's not like we don't go out and listen to'' candidates, Mr. Thames said.
To resolve these issues, the Court on May 3 granted the first case to reach it under the new law and ordered argument to be held in a month.
Opening Statements TORRICELLI For several months Dick Zimmer and I have been campaigning around New Jersey, asking for your help to get elected to the United States Senate.
Not only was it unfinanced, but it turned out Mr. Kerkorian and his aides had not bothered to get numbers to add up before they announced it.
dashed the young company's hopes with a letter saying Zanaflex was not approvable because Athena had not provided sufficient clinical data to prove its effectiveness.
It was Mr. Kemp who asked for last night's dinner, not the other way around.
Adkins's victory certainly looked easy.
Tony Dumas scored 16 of his 18 points in the fourth quarter as the Mavericks tried to rally.
Copper has always been special to Sumitomo, partly because copper is the business that gave birth to this conglomerate three centuries ago.
''Today we want Cisco to be synonymous with the Internet.''
The bride, 27, and her husband, 33, are catalogue models and actors in commercials in New York.
Mr. McDonnell said that Lilco had proposed using an $81 million refund of excess assessments on the Shoreham plant from 1976 to 1984 and $350 million of previously anticipated refunds for 1984 to 1992 to freeze electric rates at their current level for at least three years.
And instead of classes, the Lebanese University's School of Fine Arts, in its temporary headquarters, housed nearly 400 displaced people.
The stock of Itron Inc. plunged yesterday after the company, a maker of equipment for utilities, warned that earnings for the next two quarters would be even with first-quarter levels or below them.
The damage was already done."
A group of people in British Columbia thought the spots came from a nearby military base and worried about potential health risks.
Mr. Ribis, 52, denied that he had threatened Mr. Tracy, whom he characterized as an unhappy former employee who was trying to embarrass him.
Mr. Choate then proceeded to appear alone on Mr. Perot's favored venue, ''Larry King Live,'' the CNN talk program.
"This was once a symbol of the city, and it still is," Ms. Cureton shouted over the wind.
Mr. Wilson had originally said he would not address the convention because he objected to speech restrictions by its organizers.
It is astonishing to think that just five years ago such a sea change would have been unthinkable in a business simmering with aggressive protest groups and nervous advertisers.
They diversify their sources of money and arms, and their techniques of operation and organization.
The dollar dipped briefly against the German mark after the Bundesbank announced its decision.
That changed because "my teachers believed that I was really an artist."
''We're at one place; he's at another,'' Watson said, adding that their differences include the length of a contract and the money it would pay.
The group has even persuaded Robert B. Reich, the United States Labor Secretary, to have John Wells, director of the Federal Mediation Service, try to set up a meeting with the two sides to resolve the dispute.
The mountain air did seem pristine, but the people spent most of their time inside mud huts breathing horribly polluted air from open fires.
''But I know without any doubt that I can conduct a criminal investigation better than the school.''
It was not clear yesterday why the high court had never before been called upon to examine the 35-year-old zoning regulations as it did in the Toys ''R'' Us case.
SWAIN'S GALLERIES "Color and Gesture Landscapes," acrylics by Scott Wright.
The Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles circulates a comic book called "Super Domestica," a caped maid who offers negotiating tips in Spanish.
But that pace quickened this week after the bombing at Centennial Olympic Park in Atlanta last Saturday morning.
Without civil forfeiture, an airplane used to smuggle drugs could not be seized, even if the pilot was arrested, because the pilot invariably is not the owner of the plane.
In addition to Roslyn Village, Greater Roslyn is generally described as including the surrounding villages of Roslyn Harbor, Roslyn Estates and East Hills, as well as unincorporated Roslyn Heights and a portion of the Village of Flower Hill within the Roslyn school district.
They said much of their reluctance to halt their offensive was due to their failure to take this objective.
And that has been the guiding principle of the House of Representatives and the Senate from that day to this; Federal judges have been impeached and convicted -- happily, only a very few -- but it has been for criminal conduct such as tax evasion, perjury, and the like."
But what the public sees is somebody waving their arms around and everybody following.
Typically, he is noncommittal about his plans, saying, as he always does, ''When the time is right to talk about turning pro, then it's right, but right now I'm here trying to win this golf tournament and that's what I'm focused on doing.''
The video camera, Dr. Boehm said, records anything and everything the chimps do while the lens is pointed at them and the motor is running.
In the 1920's Greenwich Villagers already moaned that their neighborhood was ruined by tourism.
A. D. Frazier, the chief operating officer of the Atlanta Olympic organizing committee, defended the lack of metal detectors and other screening devices at the park, saying it was designed not as a competition venue, but as an open space where fans could experience the ambiance of the Games.
Yet last week, the Mariners, buoyed by their first-ever playoff berth and the promise of a new stadium, signed Ken Griffey Jr. through the year 2000, cementing their relationship with their franchise player and the city all the more.
This may not have been legal, experts in the field say.
It is edited by Edgar Kaplan and Jeff Rubens, and is unrivaled in its in-depth coverage of world and national competition and its discussion of legal and ethical subjects.
"That's a lie," said his agent, Tony Rome.
Meanwhile, his third-base counterpart, Ken Kaiser, looked like Nanook of the North, hands stuffed into his pockets as if they were magnetically drawn, and a black muffler wrapped around his neck, all the way up to his eyes.
would seem to be accepting Kidder's position that Mr. Jett single-handedly caused hundreds of millions of dollars of losses.
Richard Braddock, a private investor and a former president of Citicorp, and his wife, Susan, who is on the board of the Metropolitan Opera Guild, moved here in 1981.
There were other triumphs; there were some mishaps.
Hours: Lunch, Fridays and Sundays (lunch and brunch), noon to 2 P.M. Dinner, Wednesdays through Fridays, 6 to 9 P.M.; Saturdays, sittings at 6 and at 9:30 P.M.; Sundays, 5 to 8 P.M. Reservations: Required.
For the next few years, the Democrats can rail against this admitted prevaricator and take the heat off President Clinton's ethical lapses.
Good stores offer an even exchange on items that are not defective; some give a store credit that can be used within a period of time, usually a month or so.
A late-Hellenic oil lamp from the first century B.C., however, might be in the shape of a comic mask worn by a satyr, one that could take on a dramatic appearance in the glow of sputtering light emerging from below his chin.
The following year, he received a doctorate in mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he joined the faculty in 1939.
In a speech in Washington on Tuesday, Secretary of State Warren Christopher said that there "should no longer be any doubt" that Iran "actively encourages" militant groups to attack targets in Israel.
ABC and NBC won 10 Emmys apiece, while CBS and PBS won 7 each, of 47 awards given by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences.
We drifted down, past soft coral and swaying sea fans, marveling at graceful but venomous lionfish and a giant tridacna clam, its mantle glowing purple-blue in the subdued sunlight of deep water.
Investigators say la Eme typically charges a street dealer a periodic ''tax'' of thousands of dollars to operate without fear of assault or death.
Almost completely blind, she looked gaunt and frail; she was about to celebrate her 91st birthday.
Chronicle B2 Bridge C15 Crossword C12
I am very proud of this Cabinet.
He encouraged development, established the city as a world financial center, made some peace with minority groups.
This Victorian beachside cottage overlooking New York Harbor was built in 1690, but Alice Austen didn't arrive until 1866.
An argument could be made for fullback Charles Way, but there has been no more consistent player this year than Williams.
Former and current city officials generally agree that the city's negotiators took the deal because local residents thirsting for self-rule felt the prevailing winds of the civil-rights movement, which emphasized black political empowerment.
The stakes in the soap opera battle, however, go beyond ratings.
"Everyone's saying: 'You did the right thing.
Of Chemical's $7.2 billion in fund assets, less than $500 million is in stock and bond funds.
*It is legal in Tokyo to have sex with a girl as young as 13, and prostitution cannot be punished unless it is arranged by a pimp.
If so, it might be one of the first times that specialized mutual funds timed their introductions so well.
The others were Helene Alexopoulos, Peter Boal, Albert Evans, Tom Gold, Judith Fugate, Wendy Whelan and Monique Meunier.
But Richter's return is paramount to the Rangers' long-term success.
"We began talking about marriage after seven dates," she said.
The nuts are prized by animals and cooks, but butternut trees provide valuable wood known as white walnut.
They include 23,000 who moved into Sarajevo suburbs deserted by Serbs in March before control of these areas was transferred to the Muslim-Croatian federation.
It's sad when some people lose their jobs.
A Federal judge gave final approval today to a $45 million settlement of a class-action lawsuit accusing the Archer Daniels Midland Company and its competitors of fixing prices for the animal feed supplement lysine.
But now that we have awakened from this vexatious dream, now that our vision has cleared, how do we get the funny-eared suitor to go away?
And a team that has suffered through a tough decade believes it is ready to emerge.
Friends describe the judge as outspoken, well intentioned and, yes, a bit eccentric.
"We heard them crying out, out by the bamboo trees.
Shares in the company closed 1.1 percent lower here today, down 18 pence at 1,651 pence, after initially rising as much as 29 pence.
Mr. Carney declined to say whether he would appeal.
With the National Hockey League's Christmas trade embargo lifted hours after the final buzzer, the Rangers picked a most inopportune time to play an uninspired hockey game.
"The temptation to reward friends is ageless," Mr. Kettl said, but political patronage began to lose its appeal a little over a century ago when President James A. Garfield was assassinated in 1881 by "a disappointed office seeker."
''I literally cannot open my mail without finding one or more invitiations for a golf outing, sometimes three or four in a single day.
Unfortunately, he chose the jack, and the defender's spades were tangled after the king won in dummy.
* Dan Stone, senior vice president at Turner Broadcasting Sales, New York, a unit of Turner Broadcasting System, was assigned the added responsibility of heading Turner Interactive Marketing and Sales.
''We're talking about almost half a life span.
He said some patients ask to remain hospitalized so they can get free medication.
The optimism is partly fired by the actions of Canada's provincial and federal governments, which have aggressively cut spending and reduced deficits.
With those narrow margins, Democrats can control the more mundane legislative proceedings in coming months.
But the screen soon went blank and a voice broke in, saying: "We interrupt local programming for a special news report."
O.K., it wasn't the best steak anybody had ever eaten, either.
Peter Scovell, the vice president of Northern Telecom's advanced components division, said the alliance produced live card circuits for digital phone switching systems and is now focused on developing bipolar technology used in very high frequency mobile phone systems.
While some people say that any increase in tolerance was illusory, others say tensions have increased since last February when Cuba shot down two unarmed planes belonging to a Cuban-American group called Brothers to the Rescue.
To get to dealers who sold only to people they knew, they used arrested drug users to make undercover buys.
''As long as he has that religious, strange, mystical wisdom thing.''
"He wanted to submit a bid, which was serious and interesting.
But who will play on Messier's right in place of Verbeek and his 47 goals?
EXCELLENT FLORENCE MEAT MARKET 5 Jones Street (Bleecker Street); (212) 242-6531; delivery available.
A1 President Clinton got a taste of Communist Lite.
"And I think that is something that can never be changed."
would yield some chances for black counterplay.
A School's Burden At Seymour High School in Seymour, Conn., commencement exercises last week were tainted by the shock and grief of a student's recent death.
Prosecutors have called that argument irrelevant because the policy is a safeguard for the public, but defense lawyers have maintained its main purpose is punitive.
Rather, he allows the opposition to put the ball into play, using his defense, his head, his ball park.
Only then will the news be entirely good."
The most difficult foreign policy test is likely to center on demands from other countries to share in technology.
Mobil's chairman, Lucio A. Noto, said the company planned to make changes to ''compete in the long term'' but did not elaborate.
Petty, who lives in a white Colonial with her husband, William, an investment banker.
When it was done he was 18 under par and four clear of his nearest pursuers, Tommy Tolles and Colin Montgomerie.
Paul Gascoigne, the temperamental English midfielder, guided the Glasgow Rangers to their eighth successive Scottish championship with a stunning hat trick in a 3-1 triumph over Aberdeen.
But Democratic budget leaders and the New Jersey State League of Municipalities said the bill, which has already cleared the State Senate, contains a loophole that would prohibit the new council from invalidating a partly financed mandate.
The larger specimens were draped over shoulders, while smaller ones circled necks or wrists.
Police officials have observed that corruption and other forms of abuse corrode public support.
She is a daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Andrew S. Milone of Glen Ridge, N.J.
''I tried to keep them calm,'' Mr. Gomez said of his children as they waited for several hours sitting together.
The Internet is awash in spoof press releases (some may recall the classic, "Microsoft Buys Catholic Church").
But Mr. Daschle said sweeping tax cuts of that sort would increase the deficit, as they had in the 1980's, and he called the plan ''deja-voodoo economics.''
Theoretically, each serotype should cause a severe illness, and people should get sick more than once.
In the end, Mr. Aurelio said, a deal was reached because the city agreed to allow other forms of compensation, like the movie offer.
"There was still so much to do before a conference could be held," he said.
A VIRUS that makes horses and cats appear depressed has been found in people for the first time, and it may play a role in human depressive disorders, scientists say.
The Communist leader, Gennadi A. Zyuganov, complained bitterly and often correctly that Russian news programs kept him off the air.
HUDSON PHOTOGRAPHS Joseph Squillante has been photographing the Hudson River for more than 20 years, from its source on Mount Marcy in the Adirondacks to its mouth in New York Harbor.
"Farmers might be able, for instance, to dig a pit and use lime to disinfect and destroy the carcasses," he said.
Serve it with asparagus, broccoli or green beans; the orange vinaigrette would be delicious over all three.
This is my fourth year."
Marty: "Romeo and Juliet, the dyslexic version.")
One Dole issue -- shifting from an income tax to a consumption tax -- did gain their favor, by 63 to 37 percent.
But he added, ''We don't suffer losing very well'' at Eighth Avenue and 33d Street.
Perhaps there are worse things that could happen to a mother, but I cannot imagine what they would be.
Moreover, while it is clear that militarily Japan would prevail if it came down to a battle, Japanese officials acknowledge that a battle probably would never happen because Japan is still too traumatized by World War II; Tokyo would dispatch protests rather than gunboats.
Hubert Huschke, also an executive vice president, will leave the bank, although he will remain an adviser.
Traders Frown on Silicon-Cray Investors appeared unhappy with the plan by Silicon Graphics to acquire Cray Research, the supercomputer maker.
Without the plans, said to still be there, no changes were made.
Fox has already committed to providing one hour of prime time, unmoderated, to be divided among eligible candidates the night before the election, as well as the one-minute statements.
Harnisch, the only real veteran in the rotation, with 185 big league starts, had surgery in August to repair a torn labrum in his right shoulder.
Falling interest rates in the first half put pressure on domestic lending profits, amid tepid demand for new credit.
Davis had four hits, including a two-run double, and helped the Reds build a 9-0 lead in the fourth inning.
''The first decision of the new general manager,'' said a senior employee in the firm, who insisted on anonymity, ''was to cancel the old bid and accept the $100,000.''
At the Serkin home, in Philadelphia, music was like a strict religion, a heavy duty.
Earlier in the day, the declines threatened to be much worse.
''He's a smart player with speed and skill.''
Sam Aaron's reputation reached far beyond 679 Madison Avenue, where he and his brother Jack set up their business in 1934.
Another senior Pentagon official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that the Defense Department also had no specific information that terrorists might be contemplating using chemical or biological weapons against Americans in Saudi Arabia.
They also have a far more significant and lasting challenge, to demonstrate that an unprecedented their consecutive national championship and a potential 38-game winning streak - or any less historic outcome - can be accomplished in such a way that makes the enterprise seem worthwhile.
Dr. Caldicott was ousted as head of the physicians' group in 1984, the year before its international affiliate received the Nobel Peace Prize.
The number to call for information is 914-694-6400, extension 2125.
NEW YORK Mayor, All Day and Every Day It must be summer, because once again Mayor Giuliani is refusing to take a vacation.
"There are fans of the show who think this is encroaching on traditional animal events," said James E. Goodrich, the show's livestock manager, who tries to conciliate both camps.
For information about either event, call the New Haven Symphony at 800-292-6476.
I've never picketed before in my life.
The painter's figural images evoke those of Jose Luis Cuevas and Francis Bacon.
Mainstream environmental groups, emboldened by the panel's mass defection, are warning that the agency's probusiness tilt is threatening the region's long-term environmental health.
A separatist leader, Shabir Siddiqui, was reportedly among the dead.
Elaine Hawkins, a self-described happy homemaker from San Antonio and an alternate delegate to the Republican National Convention, is surprised, confused -- and angry.
The earned-income tax credit, which we expanded in 1993 dramatically, is now rewarding the work of 15 million working families.
Where does courtesy end and sexism begin?
You're not going to look back and say, 'Mile six was really great.'
''If the school allows nothing, or only insults, to be said about those family members, what kind of message are the schools giving to the child about the person that child loves?''
Although Mr. Lutnick has pushed Cantor Fitzgerald into foreign markets and expanded its role in the domestic equity markets, the dispute tarnishes that successful image by revealing an office culture that makes Oliver Stone's vision of "Wall Street" look beatific by comparison.
In summer the river is churned by hundreds of punts, for the most part inexpertly navigated.
In May, the Mayor canceled more than 24 contracts worth a total of $2.5 million for other agencies for services for immigrants, citing concerns about possible violations of city rules.
"I think reducing poverty and creating jobs are more difficult than fighting the Shining Path and they certainly will take more time."
Copper prices rose as exchange-held supplies fell to the lowest level in almost a year, with a 5.9 percent in drop in United States inventories signaling that demand was strong.
who doesn't want to be monitored closely wants a director with lots of board seats,'' asserted Charles Elson, a professor who specializes in corporate governance at the Stetson Law School in St. Petersburg, Fla. Just Tuesday, a panel of governance experts questioned whether ''star directors'' added anything but sparkle to a board, and recommended that senior executives serve on no more than two boards and that others on no more than six.
"In Contempt" leaves you convinced of this.
The hit film "Waiting to Exhale," about four black women's romantic struggles, offers gentler music than the decidedly white, middle-class, quasi-bohemian Angry Young Women do, but the movie itself taps into the same kinds of female resentment at male misdeeds that made a chart buster out of Morissette's "You Oughta Know."
Now Marge Schott can't even go to Riverfront Stadium -- unless she buys a ticket.
How much is Steelers safety Rod Woodson going to play and how will the team use him?
Today I think about the test pattern as I surf the Web.
Analysts said these increases were not as high as some had feared.
22THE SEVEN SPIRITUAL LAWS OF SUCCESS By Deepak Chopra (Amber-Allen/New World Library, $12.95).
Bosnian Government radio reported on Wednesday that the S.D.A.
One is spousal abuse, an ugliness that has not spared baseball's family.
Design in Everyday Life Museum of Modern Art, 11 West 53d Street; 212-708-9400.
As a correspondent based in Atlanta, he described the region's personalities, rhythms and idiosyncrasies.
They reaffirmed their desire to maintain tuition at $3,400 for full-time, in-state students in four-year degree programs.
The girl escaped, however, and the smoke and noise caught the attention of Dumar Stokes, whose 82-year-old grandmother, Viola McClain, lived next door.
But with the victory tonight, the Orioles widened their lead over the White Sox in the wild-card race to a game and a half.
Mr. Dole has even joked about putting a blood bank in the White House.
Mr. McMillan recruited two more avid fishing friends, one from Westport and another visiting from Chicago to help out.
C12 Music: Tokyo String Quartet.
"Natural Born Killers" was such a case.
But one burden will be taken off his back: the extra weight that a good horse is assigned in a handicap to make it more competitive.
But what is important is that the idea of building an attraction has been refined, not dropped, by the industry.
"We believe that using it will lead to increased public confidence in the blood supply."
She and Marie Quinn, both educators in Wantagh, disagreed and organized a meeting of breast-cancer survivors.
While other consumer industries went through good times and bad, airlines mostly gyrated between bad and awful.
The description that the witness provided yielded the crude, widely circulated sketch of the Unabomber as a mustachioed man in sunglasses and a hood.
The book offers "a broad range of opinions on every topic with the apparent intention of allowing, or stimulating, the reader to make a choice," the review said.
Based on the cost of designing and building the plant and training the workers, each of the glass logs produced over the life of the plant will cost $1.4 million.
"We want things to continue.
If Hong Kong is successful, China will benefit from the success.
The bar and rotating blues bands are indoors while the restaurant and its cats sit outside by a marina.
The arts go back to school.
I'd rather my tax dollars went toward repairs in inner-city schools, or toward updated textbooks -- many schools have history books that still proclaim the existence of the Soviet Union.
A. I have to say it's not clear.
For while Mr. Pataki supports a woman's right to an abortion, he does not often speak out on the issue, in part because he is backed by the state Conservative Party, which is anti-abortion.
The beige walls were heavily embellished with more moldings and framed antique maps.
When she took command of police officers from Hoboken and several surrounding towns to quell a drunken riot in October near the train station, she said, "there was no, well, here's the transsexual.
But the contract itself was anything but garden variety: it includes an unusual clause wrested from Random House by Miss Collins's agent, the late Irving (Swifty) Lazar.
The 38-minute documentary, which has stirred controversy around the world, ends with the picture of Mei Ming, an emaciated little girl on the verge of death.
He was hit with a flagrant foul after hacking Zidek underneath the basket and gave up 6 points before he scored his first field goal.
Meanwhile, Karl has continued to drive the Sonics, despite their winning streak.
''My pitchers pitched good there.
The only effort to ''recycle'' the cashiered soldiers into normal life and productive activities is a job-training course run by the International Organization for Migration, an independent group based in Geneva, with money from the United States and other international donors.
(Besides the QE2, the Countess and the Dynasty, the fleet now consists of the elegant Royal Viking Sun, the intimate Sea Goddess I and Sea Goddess II and the deluxe Vistafjord.)
What was meant to be the foundation of his campaign for President, the promise of a 15 percent cut in income taxes, had turned out to be a loser.
"Oh, great Serb commander," went one song, "you know how to drink blood for our freedom."
Mrs. Cameron was part of a group called Stop Tax Oppression Promptly, which helped her win election in 1990, just as the thievery was uncovered.
Still, Mr. Lebed remains popular with voters, prompting Mr. Yeltsin to take to the airwaves to put his spin on the situation.
The entire program at the New York State Theater was part of a New Generation series, predicated on the debatable premise that certain ballets to 20th-century music, if divorced from tutus, can look hip to a young audience.
1 ranking with Graf since returning to the tour on Aug. 14, is now co-ranked No.
When a lurking snail senses a fish, it throws out a slender tube from its mouth and wiggles it.
Only "The Call/Breath of Fire," a Doris Humphrey classic reconstructed here by Ernestine Stodelle, was disappointing, looking uncharacteristically like everything else on the program.
Rows of blackened, roofless huts come into view, and the surrounding fields are abandoned.
"At Harvard nothing is ever about what it's about," said Ellen Fitzpatrick, an associate professor of history.
Lutgarda Cordova is 92 years old, severely disabled, and lives in Miami.
From $34,529 to $88,542, including air fare.
He has also called for a review of the Orange County marriage policy, and one has been promised by the county Juvenile Justice Commission, an advisory agency that monitors the treatment of juveniles.
BONDS 6.02 6.04 7.74 TELEPHONE BONDS 7.18 7.18 8.60 MUNICIPAL BONDS** 5.57 5.59 6.64 *Estimated daily average, source Telerate **Municipal Bond Index, The Bond Buyer Salomon Brothers and Telerate for Treasury's bellwether bonds, notes and bills
The stock rose from about $30 before the bid to trade at more than $46.
The case, Richardson v. McKnight, No.
Published in Britain in 1970, this dense, dark novel portrays the corruption of innocence in a particularly nasty slice of English countryside.
Three officials said that chemical was PETN, pentaerythritol tetranitrate.
That may help explain why some people who eat sensibly are overweight while others can eat recklessly and stay thin.
You also have to play very physical against them because they don't lay back.
The choice would depend on which Byatt book is under scrutiny.
Remains are still being found by trawlers plying the crash site looking for wreckage.
Officials said they hoped Mr. Lileikis would be tried for war crimes in Lithuania, which has the authority to bring criminal charges.
Tuman, wide open over the middle, shook a tackle at the 10 and went the rest of the way untouched, putting Michigan ahead by 20-14 with 8 minutes 59 seconds left in the fourth quarter.
It is a tricky question, given that currency values are subject to a host of economic, political and financial market factors that are hard to anticipate.
The last previous defeat at Gampel Pavilion for the UConn women came on March 12, 1993, against Louisville in the first round of the 1994 National Collegiate Athletic Association tournament.
Robb Nen, who relieved after Mike Piazza's leadoff single in the ninth, struck out the side for his 20th save.
Responsibility for Chechnya and the National Security Council, assignments Mr. Yeltsin stretched to fit Mr. Lebed's huge ambitions and larger-than-life personality, are likely to shrink when taken up by Mr. Rybkin.
And I trust in the hard way, for little has come to me except in the hard way, which is good because we have a hard task ahead of us."
SYNCHRONIZED SWIMMING THIS SPORT IS the much-maligned but physically-demanding team sport that is swimming's equivalent of figure skating.
LITTLE FIREHOUSE THEATER ''The Pajama Game,'' the musical by Richard Adler and Jerry Ross.
My legislation was developed in broad consultation with patient and consumer advocates as well as with representatives of the regulated industries, the F.D.A.
Some trademark signposts in Monk's pieces -- a banged triplet of high clusters at the finish of a theme, for example -- were given altered significance; rather than hanging off the melody like funny accessories, the way Monk seemed to mean them, they became delicate shadings integral to the whole.
Or the effect of the full moon on human behavior?
Never in its history had the Magic been involved in a playoff series without the home-court advantage.
Even before the convention, the city had its highest hotel occupancies and largest attendance at conventions in recent years.
"Then, unlike any other election they are familiar with, they are forced to wait a couple of weeks before they get results.
''It had been used for a sod farm and industrial and commercial uses that had far less sensitivity to airplane noise than do homeowners.
We complained politely to the resident of the apartment without result.
Mimimum Wage:Vote on whether the House should consider raising the minimum wage from $4.25 to $5.15.
Churla had been charged with a game misconduct, a fighting major and a minor instigator penalty Sunday afternoon after brawling with Todd Bertuzzi of the Islanders during a 4-1 Ranger victory on Long Island.
And the regime in Beijing will change.
He punches on the air-conditioners, twisting the dials to (dis)comfort level 9.
Here's a true story from the Ohio campaign trail.
The money, a suitcase full of pesetas, comes from the British, who naively bought Simic's story about putting it into the hands of the Spanish general.
I keep wondering: if he saw us both would he think she was more beautiful than I?
One of about 80 black-and-white photographs from the artist's Film Stills series, it depicts a schoolgirl wearing a plaid skirt and tennis shoes standing out on an empty road.
Busta Rhymes is a rap jester, a frenetic performer who can move from ferocity to comedy in an instant; he's also one of the most flamboyantly dressed performers in hip-hop.
Mr. Greene says that reaction to the panel's nominees has been favorable, and it is hard to find anyone in the record industry who will publicly criticize the slate.
Mr. Brown, who went to the scene of the accident Sunday evening and yesterday morning, said the road needs traffic lights, dividers and speed bumps.
Assuming that every 10 of the roughly 3,000 voters in each district chose its own observer, Mr. Satarov said, "There could be up to 300 observers in every polling place.
"We want them to feel like they are part of a family, but at the same time get to the point where they hopefully can return home."
In our century, death became so private and so hidden that the traditions of deathbed pictures and post-mortem photographs were quietly shuffled off.
The two conference losses came against North Carolina A&T and Howard University.
The United States, which is in a group with Costa Rica, Guatemala and Trinidad and Tobago, will begin competing Nov. 3 with a game against Guatemala, at Robert F. Kennedy Stadium in Washington.
It prefers some good light, not a dark corner, but requires little care.
As a backlash slows the spread of legalized gambling, the casino industry is throwing most of its resources into states that welcome it.
Scientists in San Diego use G.P.S.
Performances: Today and tomorrow at 8 P.M.; Sunday at 3 P.M. Tickets: $37.50.
So when a special United Nations envoy for Liberia, James Jonah, suggested that the country should be placed under international receivership, Mr. Taylor exploded.
There are 168 Federal programs that allow quotas.
A different system is used for mathematics and sheet music.
Ms. Wagner's biggest single caveat: "Set your dates and stick to them.
"We are looking into amending the protocol for what we do initially at such scenes, how we assess risks.
I would say to school boards: ''In times of scarce resources, you want the entire body to go on a diet.
Put that number plus the total number of renter-occupied units in the city, whether dilapidated or not, in the denominator.
''We have a pollution problem,'' he said.
We Do, a wedding superstore in Columbus, Ohio, provides one-stop shopping that includes the bride's dresses, tuxedos for the groom and other men in the wedding party, as well as a bridal consultant, a display of tiaras and gifts like cake knives.
William O'Donnell, the president of Boston Ireland Ventures, a nonprofit group in Boston promoting Irish-American trade, said the news was heartbreaking.
With no more Phoenix, Mr. Arlt's words -- ''We intend to fill a vacuum'' -- suddenly have a new, eerie resonance.
When her sons were there, there was always an after-school rush -- to get them to a nearby town for Boy Scouts, to another town for baseball, to yet another for religion classes.
But communicating precisely is a big task even if the pilot or controller's first language is English and sometimes plain English words are needed.
So competitive retailers, like Donna Karan, Hermes and Burberrys, who want to capitalize on the shopping frenzy, are pushing the luxury line up north, past 72d Street, haggling over retail space up to 79th Street.
''Rick is intense,'' Duffy said.
I don't think anyone in here is saying the season is over."
Heaven was moved and Mrs. God moved out.
While only 19 women competed in the 1900 Summer Games in Paris, 3,800 women are expected among the 10,800 athletes competing in Atlanta from July 19 through Aug. 4.
"I just sat down for a few minutes and thought."
Only a handful of such women have asked the United States for sanctuary in recent years, and such cases have remained a rarity even since last May, when the Immigration and Naturalization Service issued guidelines that recognized genital mutilation as one of several forms of violence against women that could be a basis for asylum.
The normal connection speed in the U.S. is 28.8 kilobits, so ours is 14 times as fast,'' which would speed up the interminable wait many net surfers suffer when downloading graphics, photos and video.
And despite being the first company to commercialize the original hypertext vision of electronic documents that could be linked together with pointers -- with the Hypercard program Apple developed in the mid-1980's -- the company was unable to discern the vast power of the obvious next step to the World Wide Web.
Mr. Lewis said he unsuccessfully sought the same information while researching a book last year.
Officials with the personal watercraft industry welcomed the judge's ruling as one that reinforces a person's fundamental constitutional rights of interstate waterway travel.
Reds 5, Pirates 2 Mark Portugal won his fifth consecutive start as Eddie Taubensee and Reggie Sanders homered in host Cincinnati's victory over Pittsburgh.
To them, abortion is an abstract concept -- an article of religious doctrine or a bargaining counter exploited for political gain.
Mr. Schley is survived by his wife, Shirrel; two children, Thomas, of Beverly, Mass., and Marta Schley, of Bethesda; a brother, John, of Shepherdstown, and two grandchildren.
Archly acted and directed with a sure comic touch, this farce hands the doctor the fate he deserves in a caustic final twist.
And so the Merc, the Board of Trade and other leading American exchanges are engaged in some of the most ambitious new-product development campaigns in their history, shouldering new risks in hopes of defending their central role in the futures business.
The American maritime fleet has been badly hurt by subsidized foreign competition, and its backers say it deserves help because it could be needed in a war.
The plan was intended to jump-start molasses-slow budget talks with Mr. Pataki.
After enduring an avalanche of criticism and calls for his ouster, a Federal judge yesterday reversed his decision suppressing evidence and a videotaped confession in a Washington Heights drug case.
This film is rated R. WITH: Ben Stiller (Mel Coplin), Patricia Arquette (Nancy Coplin), Tea Leoni (Tina Kalb), Mary Tyler Moore (Mrs. Coplin), George Segal (Mr. Coplin), Alan Alda (Richard Schlicting), Lily Tomlin (Mary Schlicting), Richard Jenkins (Paul), Celia Weston (Valerie Swaney) and Josh Brolin (Tony).
Perhaps those of us coming at the tail end of the baby-boom generation are too busy working at jobs that infrequently provide retirement benefits and health care to have time to write.
It will increasingly change life on the globe and also change our American sense of race.
" Glenn averaged 23.1 yards a reception and scored 17 touchdowns for the Buckeyes last season.
''But it doesn't mean that they have fixed it.''
''It would be an affair of the heart,'' he added.
This year's first prize went to the Howard Avenue Block Association, in East New York, for the trees, shrubs and flowers it has nurtured in a once-barren median strip and for the community garden that Horace Young and his neighbors created out of a junk-filled lot.
Just before 2 P.M., the Hezbollah fighters fired between five and eight rounds of 120-millimeter mortar from 250 yards southwest of the compound center.
I want less processed food.
Potato Head, and Cabbage Patch dolls.
''One individual that might be making $175,000, $200,000, that person might be paying $600 or $700 for rent,'' Mr. Bruno said.
"We are in the transformation business," explains the pastor, as he begins his sermon on how to identify the presence of demonic spirits.
Several years ago, the diner was shuttered for a couple of months after a grease fire.
A Federal Government official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said today that the Federal authorities had intercepted a telephone call by Mr. Lessenthien to the Russian Embassy in Washington indicating a willingness to commit espionage.
"I used to think that if I got bulked up, I'd be better," Williams said.
Because it has a bad reputation as an invasive, somewhat aggressive plant, the snowdrop anemone (A. sylvestris) has not often been recommended as part of a general border planting.
There are families who plan their summer vacations around the Antiques Show and Sale in Bay Head, which has been held on the first weekend in August since 1952.
A few days before Mr. Walesa was due to leave office, his Interior Minister, Andrzej Milczanowski, charged in Parliament that Mr. Olesky had contacts with a K.G.B.
''We are proud of them, but how do we protect them without hiding them?''
He was especially ineffective against Allen, who, after an early breather, delivered 11 consecutive points for UConn as the Huskies forged ahead by 18-7.
Crew and his aides became involved.
In fact, while numerous consumers in Manhattan drugstores said they thought the tests were needed, some said the price would discourage them.
Brevin Knight, who dislocated his left index finger in the first half but later returned, scored 18 for the Cardinal.
President Clinton later confirmed this pugilistic wish, but as the First Lady later took pains to point out, "smilingly."
A major demonstration against him is scheduled for Sunday in Paris, far from the final ceremony of the trip at the cathedral in Rheims, but so far no signs of protest have been visible along his route.
Messier said he won't miss the championship game, of which he played down comparisons to a game in the Stanley Cup finals.
The bride, 33, is a publicity specialist at the Columbia University Press in New York.
"They were still in a great deal of pain, and I know that we can all understand not only their pain, but the frustration that they feel at the time it is taking to recover their loved ones and to get answers."
Through repeated playing of various audio tapes, many actually learn to enjoy traffic.
After a video review, the goal was allowed, giving Elias his first N.H.L.
Administration officials said continued mismanagement of the bookstore threatened financing of the student groups more than university control.
The university's guest lecturer was so impressed that he ended a midmorning seminar by giving the other students a little talk, loaded with superlatives, about how much their classmate had learned.
To mark its anniversary and raise money to continue, the orchestra is to perform on Sept. 9 at Alice Tully Hall in an all-Beethoven program featuring Awadagin Pratt in his conducting debut.
(The final price includes the auction house's commission, 15 percent of the first $50,000 plus 10 percent of the rest.
The lights went out; the light on the control panel of Unit 4 went out as well.
''Even if the operation is completely successful, his age and general condition mean he will have to take on a less commanding role,'' said the political analyst Andrei Kortunov, director of the Russian Science Foundation.
When Margaret Atwood was in Zurich several years ago on a book-promotion tour, she had a sudden, inexplicable visitation.
The isolated theme and the momentary juxtaposition barely hint at the cumulative power of the finished creation, which in the case of the Fifth was still four years off.
A mother dozed on a row of plastic-backed chairs.
As the harness racing began at noon Thursday at the grandstand, the segue for the hourly radio news on WHBC, Canton, was, ''The economy's booming!
By the time the galloping crocodiles appeared in the mid-Triassic period, small dinosaurs had evolved, but had not yet achieved the ecological dominance they reached in the later Jurassic and Cretaceous periods.
The Nu Wave Theater houses a new multimedia attraction, "Cyber Sports in 3-D." Airheadz, a music, food and high-tech arcade, has virtual reality activities, music videos on giant screens and a house band.
''They're going to keep moving from county to county, opening up these parks for hunting,'' he said.
Mostly, though, it's a way to feel useful without actually doing something useful.
As the dollar approached the psychological barrier of 110 yen, Japanese trust banks and United States investment funds started selling, capping the currency's rally, traders said.
And so far, no trove of home movies has been discovered to help explain the puzzle of the Yankee Clipper.
Salvatore Umana, a Roman Catholic priest, is to officiate at the the Loeb Boathouse in Central Park.
"It gives us a far more interesting race, even though it is not clear that Forbes is going to be the ultimate beneficiary."
"I got the dogs and yelled: 'Darci, get the bird!
More than 600 people responded to invitations to a meeting this evening for which the host is the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations.
Among the more expensive homes are large turn-of-the-century Georgian colonials, Tudors and Victorians, which go for up to $375,000.
The greatness of Graves as a love poet rests in a body of poems.
''Well, this is Uncle Marty.''
and the Justice Department maintain that the service acted properly.
''The more comfortable they feel, the more they'll come.
''THE CHAMBER'' John Grisham's novel has been turned into a film about a condemned murderer (Gene Hackman) and his lawyer grandson (Chris O'Donnell).
"We didn't have too many opportunities to get the guy, and that's a credit to his pitching."
AT&T Wireless has discounts for companies that register 100 or more of their employees.
Asea Brown Boveri said yesterday that its profit rose 19 percent in the first quarter, to $219 million, compared with $184 million in the first quarter of 1995.
But once inside, the room feels like a small, cozy air-conditioned alcove in the stacks of a research library.
" "He was so systematic and predictable," Mr. Robitaille said.
It also invests in areas as diverse as oil production in Vietnam, steel and solar-cell manufacturing in the United States and industrial park development in Indonesia.
In February 1990 at the University of Maryland he stated: "Zionist pigs have been harassing us everywhere.
But less than three minutes after Hurley's return, John Levitt, the Seton Hall trainer, saw that Hurley was not right.
Mexican Black Bean Cakes Total time: 30 minutes 1 16-ounce can black beans 2 eggs, beaten 1/2 cup flour 1 teaspoon chili powder Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 1/2 cup finely shredded cheddar cheese 6 olives stuffed with pimento, finely chopped.
Mr. Pitts met Mr. Karpov at the New York Public library, the F.B.I.
And then we said, 'Why don't we start a purification.'
"And now people are even saying that Iran wants Mr. Peres to lose the political campaign.
Outside the National Theater, the Royal Shakespeare Company and other Government-supported groups, London's theaters offer works by English and American playwrights and musicals galore.
Only a few beams of the roof remained in place, a tattered shield against the sky.
While Chief Justice Rehnquist might have been an unlikely ally for New York in any event, his skepticism was shared by more liberal Justices, including Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer, whose support was essential if the city's case was to have a chance of prevailing.
Her political involvement was sparked in 1989, when she joined the Women's Political Caucus of New Jersey.
From there it is carried by car to southern Chile for refining and then shipped abroad from Chile's thousands of miles of border and coastline.
Mr. Treffinger has begun enforcing a dormant 1978 law requiring all county employees to live within its borders, but Mr. Minor's asserts in his complaint that his office should be exempt, partly because of the potential for court backlogs with the loss of lawyers and investigators who refuse to move.
With control of Congress up for grabs, the battle for the House and Senate has turned into a battle for money.
20 Zukor Road, New City, N.Y. (914) 634-9629.
Firing salvos of righteous indignation at each other makes them look a little ridiculous, like circus bears attempting a pas de deux.
The bonds can be called on Oct. 9 and pay interest of 6.175 percent twice a year and are priced at par.
On Thursday, Beverly Harvard, Atlanta's police chief, told reporters that Atlanta's crime rate, the second-highest in the nation, had fallen in almost every category since the Games opened on July 19.
won the contract, with its several hundred pages of specifications.
If Senator Dole and like-minded leaders had their way, today I might not be five months into a healthy new pregnancy.
Over the years he served as an adviser to the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna, the Ford Foundation and the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation Project on Governing Rules of International Law.
According to a letter and an affidavit filed with a bankruptcy judge in Manhattan, Federal prosecutors are conducting a criminal investigation of whether illegal short-selling on a huge scale caused the collapse of two Wall Street firms last year.
The Jerusalem Post, a conservative English-language paper that had been sharply critical of the former Labor Government's policies, said the meeting was inevitable: ''No responsible government would consider trying to turn the clock back, because the bloody consequences of such an act are clear to all.''
At 5:30, it's time to go home.
She also gave them a sense of how Pilobolus productions are collective efforts, for she and her cast devised the choreography collaboratively to recorded percussion music by Kodo.
They will be a joy to computer buffs who want to download the images for other purposes.
Bookbinders and printers across the country bought them, and turned R. Marchetti into a necessary step for deluxe editions as well as an odd-jobber.
Yugoslavia took control of the game with a 20-4 run over a five-minute span in the first half that produced a 41-19 lead.
For more information, call 785-6700.
The robot, which operates on a 300-foot umbilical cord, is used to pick up devices while technicians operate it from a safe position.
The pruning may continue for many years, Mr. Lewins said.
Loewen has said that the Florida Attorney General is also investigating the deal and that other states are at least sniffing at it.
The difference was far larger if Southwest was excluded from the low-cost group; the other low-cost carriers had an accident rate of 1.204 per 100,000 departures, four times the rate of the major carriers.
Including Mr. Clinger, 34 House members and 12 senators are not seeking re-election in 1996, the largest group to leave Congress voluntarily in a century.
And he is charged with the attempted murder of James Weber, 40, of Brooklyn on June 4, 1993, in Ridgewood.
"I stood up and ran in the kitchen," Lacroix said, "and I told the chef, 'Sorry, your rats have been buried by an avalanche.'
"It was a fascinating project because quantitative research suggested that only a third of the people who wear glasses are happy with them," said Cheryl Greene, executive vice president and account planning director at Deutsch.
Football National Football League KANSAS CITY CHIEFS -- Signed LB Anthony Davis to a three-year contract.
They're going to try to junk the game up physically and mentally.
The issue of sending Egyptian artifacts on world tours has been a contentious one here ever since the treasures from the tomb of King Tutankhamun were sent to Britain and the United States in the early 1970's, when they were seen by millions of visitors.
"I'm scared that they'll find reasons to let us go one by one and then they'll put new guys in at a much lower wage," said Mr. Diaz, who wore thick gloves and a navy blue ski parka as he huddled on the sidewalk alongside five shivering co-workers.
The agency began its warnings to Dr. Burzynski in 1978, informing him that he was violating Federal law by providing antineoplastons to patients outside of clinical trials.
The problem is not so much that there are no issues as that the major parties are on the same side of them.
"He'd say his hand was hurting and ask me to stop training," Steward recalled.
After the units were sold, Stratton started buying and selling the warrants separately from the units, at prices far above prevailing market prices, according to the association.
Jude Wanniski, a political economist who is close to Mr. Kemp and has been publicly promoting the choice for months, was more blunt when he referred to Mr. Dole's inability thus far to catch up to President Clinton in the polls.
That rebellion never achieved much of practical significance, but the public seems to have broad sympathy with its ideals of eviscerating the bureaucracy and introducing far-reaching changes to open up government, society and the economy.
To make its case, the S.E.C.
Even Senator Christopher J. Dodd of Connecticut, the general chairman of the Democratic National Committee, who is now busily working for the President's re-election, had denounced the measure as an ''unconscionable retreat.''
Mr. Evans, aware that O'Hara's daughter, Wylie Doughty, was also present, gave Mr. Gill a chance to recant.
The dishes include pan-roasted Atlantic salmon in a potato crust with glazed organic greens, yellow-fin tuna with herbs from Provence and plum tomatoes cooked in rosemary vinegar, as well as seared black Angus filet mignon, fresh thyme, black trumpet mushrooms and fingerling potato puree.
This is overwhelmingly an English curriculum.''
From President Clinton's point of view, there is ample reason to worry, not because he was implicated in this first trial, in which he testified for the defense on videotape.
Some doctors, like Dr. Miller, have resigned from plans when the fee structure changed.
And it appears to have rankled the candidate.
NASA plans to practice space walks on three more shuttle missions; the next one will be this spring.
''We didn't need to decide whether to press the button or not.''
This long-established Italian pastry shop makes fine espresso.
If he wants to do it, we need to talk about it."
Jack Straw, Labor's shadow Home Secretary, called it a "profound humiliation" for the Home Secretary, Michael Howard.
In fact, the United States has been at the forefront of international efforts, first joining with the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe and the European Union in urging repeat ballots in districts where fraud occurred, then -- when remedial action was deemed unsatisfactory -- calling for new parliamentary elections at the earliest opportunity.
Well, although he helps out, he never did much of the work anyway, his wife said.
Though Mr. Guarascio declined to discuss the budget, he said, "Our plans are to be a little more aggressive."
Copper rose for a second day as falling stockpiles suggested that demand from construction-related industries was reviving.
''We feel we can defend what's ours,'' said Jordan.
As Mrs. Dole spoke, the video image of husband watching her on television, alternated with images of her on the convention floor.
He was an unrestricted free agent after the 1995-96 season and was not offered a new contract by the Rangers, where he won another Stanley Cup in 1993-94.
Several big drug companies involved in AIDS research have abandoned efforts to develop a vaccine for H.I.V.
Holly McNarland, a Canadian songwriter now recording for MCA/Universal, dutifully followed the routine; during the marathon, she performed at two clubs and a record store.
CONNECTICUT 7 Tobacco Companies Sued Connecticut's State Attorney General sued seven tobacco companies for $1 billion, charging that they had engaged in "a conspiracy to mislead, deceive and confuse" the state and its residents about the debilitating effects of cigarettes.
When it came his turn for questions, Mr. Baker showed a videotape of Mr. Simpson outside the recital receiving a kiss from Mrs. Brown and laughing with his former father-in-law.
There were ditches lined with primroses, and the great trees in the parkland nearly swept the ground with their huge boughs.
She was managing director of the guild from 1959 to 1968.
After a bombing, investigators try to recover every piece of the bomb because "there's a lot left and it tells you a lot about the motivation, sophistication, design and background" of the bomb and the person who made it, said Brian Jenkins of Kroll Associates, an investigative and consulting company.
Mr. Davies declined to comment on the memo yesterday, except to express anger that it had been made public.
Computer processing of the Rosat data determined that when the comet was less than 10 million miles from Earth, its closest approach, it was emitting X-ray signals about 100 times stronger than anyone had ever predicted.
Such was the case with George Bush in 1992; no firebrand himself, indeed diffident to the point that he sometimes seemed offended by the crudities of political life, he was nominated by a convention that sent signals of exclusion, especially on abortion and especially to women.
"You can't be frank, you can't speculate, you can't disseminate audits widely to other facilities so they can learn from your lessons, all because of the fear of exposure."
Dartmouth entered halftime with an 18-13 lead, built by a pair of 2-yard touchdown runs by Aljancic.
Then, when Cox announced that Johnson would be his starting center fielder after Tony Gwynn was not available to play, the move was met with more surprise.
Zmolek and Churla were expected to be in Kings uniforms for tonight's game against the Anaheim Ducks, the Kings' general manager, Sam McMaster, said in a statement.
''This means that instead of focusing on race so exclusively, we ought to be looking for whatever it is in the early experiences of these groups that influences later cardiovascular risk,'' Dr. Alderman said in a telephone interview.
IF YOU WERE AN AVID theatergoer in the 1950's and early 60's -- the last boom time for avid theatergoers on Broadway -- you couldn't escape Atkinson and Kerr, the men on the aisle for The Times and The Trib.
But the Ministry of Education is issuing nationwide guidelines on how schools should deal with the bullying.
Roberto Alagna, in better health since his recent Met debut and celebrating his marriage to Angela Gheorghiu, handled largely unstressful repertory with appealing taste and style.
But last time Mr. Buchanan also exacted a prime-time speaking slot at the Republican National Convention in exchange for his support, and he may be seeking similar concessions now.
And that's how the officials saw it.
Many investors, however, questioned whether Mr. Fernandez could maintain Mr. Cavallo's pace of change.
Onions hang from the ceilings and vinho verde is served in china cups.
Acquired Kelly Stinnett, catcher, from the New York Mets for Cory Lidle, pitcher.
Yet we didn't want him to deny his Chinese heritage, either.
The total number of civil servants would have been reduced from 190,000 to 159,000, saving an estimated $650 million annually.
The people do look calm, and they are dressed in their best, but they are not going to church, or to synagogue, for that matter.
with him, despite wide fan criticism, including a three-newspaper poll in which nearly 80 percent of South Floridians voting indicated they want Shula out.
Since Tussauds took over, tourist visits have increased significantly, to almost 800,000 last year.
Ultimately, all books about inheritance are about Heraclitean flow.
THE CULTURE OF CAFFEINE (three 2-hour classes, $114).
But it's hard to square this argument with a lot of the recent fashion I see pictured in the newspapers or in magazine layouts; to the untutored male eye, at least, it seems almost aggressively sexy.
Catrin Nilsmark was alone in second after a bogey-free round, while Renee Heiken, Alecia Dibos and Nanci Bowen were tied for third with 67's.
It is impossible to prove exactly what deals are being made in Shanghai today.
The Nets head into this weekend's All-Star break having lost three straight games and eight of their last 11 to fall to 18-29.
"But holding onto it is something else.
''The President and his economic team have not dropped their opposition to a balanced-budget amendment,'' Mr. McCurry said.
It was an epic game.
Declaring that he now has "nowhere to go but the White House or home," Senator Bob Dole announced today that he was resigning from the Senate and forsaking a 35-year Congressional career in hopes of recharging his Presidential campaign.
The Administration has not yet decided whether the Turkish deal formally violates the new sanctions law.
Disregard Vanguard's instructions and use the instructions that come with Form 1040.
That was the strategy we followed.
While Valerie stages an impassioned reading in a hot dog joint, members of the Warhol coterie sit on the Factory's famous red sofa, reading the same material in a different spirit.
may have been correct in questioning the usefulness of the procedure.
As it approached the southern coast of North Carolina, it took a northeastern path to hug the coast and bear down on the Outer Banks.
''And we are very grateful that the United States is able to play a leading role in helping this great city return to something like normality.''
It's another thing to prove that a particular person was part of it."
It was approved, 15 to 3, with two Democrats, Nora Bredes of Setauket and Steve Levy of Holbrook, and a Republican, C. Stephen Hackeling of Huntington Station, in opposition.
Drugs, crime, discrimination, hatred, family breakdown?
The spill began on Friday afternoon when a tugboat towing the North Cape caught fire.
Today, she is fully established, with several museum shows to her credit, not to mention awards from the State Council on the Arts, a Pollock/Krasner Foundation grant, and a reputation for painting as well as drawings.
Even today, who's playing for the love of the sport?"
Keith, the football coach, said he was shocked by his players' actions.
"They think there should be zero percent immigration," he asserted.
Coach COLIN CAMPBELL did not know if Samuelsson would be able to accompany the team on its charter to Denver late Tuesday night because of the problem.
But I am not James Bond or Hulk Hogan, and I am not crazy.
The transit agency also expects the service to increase daily ridership to 18,500 from 13,000 over the next two years and indirectly increase property values on one- and two-family single-family homes.
In the process, the lack of continuity has led to fewer easy baskets and more turnovers -- such as the 22 the Nets had in the first half Wednesday night during a 96-91 loss to the Washington Bullets.
That reticence underscores Mr. Giuliani's difficulty in supporting a Republican candidate so far behind in the polls, particularly in a city in which Democrats outnumber Republicans by 5 to 1.
Mr. Cohen said the subcommittee estimated that $1.15 billion a year, and $5.76 billion for five years, could be saved if the Government adopted the best travel procedures used by private companies.
That and Johnson's guarantee -- he said that all of the Dolphins would be wearing smiles after today's game -- blowing up in his face.
These two computer viruses and masters of power and chaos are malevolent Megabyte, looking and acting a lot like Darth Vader, and Hexadecimal, a cross between Medusa and the Wicked Witch of the West, who happens to undergo a radical transformation in the "Nullzilla" episode and inspires a comment much like the one Bill Murray uttered to a transformed Sigourney Weaver in "Ghostbusters": "Correct me if I'm wrong, but that's a new look for you."
If the Yankees maintain most of their 12-game lead in the American League East over the Orioles, the Cy Young scramble and Derek Jeter's strong chances for the rookie of the year award will receive more attention over the next two months.
The village will contribute $126,000 to the $629,000 project to construct a 1,650-foot long bicycle and pedestrian path along the shoreline of Greenport Harbor.
Gasoline demand fell by 6.4 percent, to 7.88 million barrels a day, in the week ended May 17, according to the institute.
Food industry associations in Sweden, the Netherlands and other countries are concerned that products using the beans could be challenged in court by consumer groups demanding further testing of their long-term safety.
And Miramax released "The Postman" early last summer, in the midst of a slew of action-adventure boys-with-toys films.
So, what worries me about Hong Kong's future is not what China knows about Hong Kong, but what it doesn't know.
Neumann: ''They asked me to put in a pork project and I said no.
Most of it was sold, and some of it was taken for Route 3.
The Corsican language, a dialect of Italian, is now taught -- but not required -- in Corsican schools.
Suppose the Government addressed the homeless problem by forcing homeowners to provide housing for the homeless.
International A3-11 RUSSIANS SEIZE CAUCASUS VILLAGE President Boris N. Yeltsin said the Russian Army had finally overcome a group of Chechen rebels cornered in a village in southern Russia.
Donald Fowler Jr., director of the State Democratic Coordinated Campaign, criticized the event as staged.
They bear names that resonate with prosperity: Chevrolet, Cadillac, Buick, Pontiac, Oldsmobile.
''We've got some good arms in the bullpen, but they've struggled,'' he said.
That really should be the goal.
And last weekend Rangers President Neil Smith said, ''I talked to both of them and nobody owns up to any problem.
He says this, smoking a cigarette: "Stress.
But he would limit the annual increase in the per-capita cost of Medicaid, and he would cut special payments to hospitals serving large numbers of the indigent.
Mr. Donahue's final show will be shown in May, according to an announcement from Multimedia Entertainment, the television production company that syndicates the show.
As Police Commissioner, Mr. Pritchard serves as chief executive officer of a staff of 279, 180 of whom are sworn police officers.
If they broke a little mirror in their exhibit, people here would run and get one because everybody knew where everything was.
BILLS 4.98 5.03 6.27 10-YR. TREAS.
The Los Angeles County woman tested negative for H.I.V.
''They're going to put a big smile on Flushing,'' Mr. Murphy said.
One of the four got out of the Jeep and tried to break into the Oldsmobile until Officer Donald Parrish, who was guarding the Mayor's house, approached.
Party leaders acknowledged that it was a debacle without precedent for the 110-year-old party and one in which, in the words of Sharad Pawar, one of the party's most powerful figures, "the masses of the people have gone away from us."
"The Universal Language," is about a language that no one can speak but which turns out to hold the meaning of life.
"I mean as a matter of convenience."
The often-testy negotiations over the state budget, which continued today, have dragged on largely because the main combatants have tied any final agreement to progress on an array of other major bills.
Bluefish count for one point, striped bass earn 10 points and bonita, albacore and Spanish mackerel are worth 20 points each.
The procedures governing the Nov. 24 election will make fraud more difficult, Mr. Maisenya said.
Mr. Perot made his intentions known this morning as a guest on the ABC television program "Good Morning America."
I don't carry a plant book yet, but South Africa makes it tempting.
The hotel is closer to the town center than the Pusako, but has none of its natural setting.
Most of the forests on mountainsides, deep in valleys, and on meadows and pasturelands have their own magnificent blend of greens notable in the contrast of needled conifers with deciduous trees.
10 in G, refined and magisterial music with a minimum of "rushing and resounding passages," as the composer described it.
For all those years, ever since April 2, 1956, Miss Wagner, 78, has played Nancy Hughes of the fictional Oakdale, evolving from suburban Chicago mother to great-grandmother even as the relentless tides of the CBS soap opera swirled menacingly about her.
It's good form to know one's axels from one's salchows at ABC: Figure skating is crucial to "Wide World," with the United States championships, the World Figures, and other skating on its schedule.
''Of the three China Club incidents, he has never been charged.
The reasons more often involve economics and curriculum changes than ethics, he said.
Programs like Sun's Java, Netscape's Navigator and Apple's Cyberdog, along with underlying technologies like Open Doc, have been going in this direction for some time now.
The one blemish was Wheatley's being ejected at the start of the third quarter for kicking Lions running back Eric Lynch.
Tax-supported public broadcasting can't be justified when the same services can be provided with no taxpayer burden.
Hours: Tuesdays through Fridays, 12:30 to 4 P.M. ACCRA SHEPP Photography Gallery, University Center, Drew University Madison Photographs of Grand Central Terminal.
The contracts were awarded to Hanac last August.
My tried and true cooking method was ridiculously simple: 450 degrees for the first 20 minutes, then 325 for the remainder of the cooking time.
Crew complained to the Mayor that Mr. Gelbard was holding up efforts to streamline the bureaucracy by continually asking questions about how his friends would be affected, board officials said.
Washington is the team to focus on now.
The Shah's last Ambassador, Ardeshir Zahedi, knew Washington intimately and charmed policy makers, lawmakers and journalists, making sure that those opinion makers accepted the best interpretation of the Shah and his troubles.
In person, he can be disarmingly soft-spoken, coming across as a man who, for all his obvious ambition, is genuinely self-effacing.
Cigar also bruised the foot in Florida after capturing the Donn Handicap Feb. 10 at Gulfstream Park.
The sharp suit is a look Thierry Mugler has perfected, and like a stopped clock, it is in sync with fashion again.
While experts still gave the deal a better than 50-50 chance of going through, they said it demonstrated that the Government's station ownership limits would not prevent companies from amassing tremendous power in local advertising markets.
A Manhattan traffic dispute ended violently yesterday morning when one driver shot and killed a passenger in another vehicle on Lafayette Street in Greenwich Village as dozens of startled pedestrians and motorists ducked for cover, the police said.
On Aug. 27, 1950, Ms. Muir was preparing to appear in the role of Mother Aldrich in the premiere episode of "The Aldrich Family," when the show was abruptly canceled by NBC and the General Foods Corporation, the sponsor of the series.
Conseco Inc., an insurance and financial services company, said yesterday that it would double its dividend rate.
''Richie had stolen my car,'' Mr. Dinner said.
Mr. Day remains in an Italian prison awaiting extradition.
A love story based on two autobiographies by the Nobel Prize-winning nuclear physicist Richard Feynman, the film stars Mr. Broderick and Patricia Arquette and was written by Patricia Broderick, the director's mother.
"That was the hook for me -- the religious aura," Mr. Young said.
The Governor said that to boost the skills of Michigan's future workers, the state would create a virtual university called Auto U consisting of a series of courses taught through the Internet.
Janet A. Stoecker, a real estate broker at Coldwell Banker Sammis in Port Washington, L.I., agreed.
With Braves starter John Smoltz and the Yankee left-hander Andy Pettitte locked in a terrific pitching duel, Hayes's run was all New York needed to give the Yankees a 3-2 lead in the four-of-seven-game Series going into Game 6 Saturday night at Yankee Stadium.
A critical moment for the family's fortunes, and for the art world, came several years ago when the younger generation -- a son, Jonathan, now 33; a daughter, Gesine, now 32, and Gesine's husband -- sat down with Princess Orietta to discuss closing the gallery to the public, which was costing them $66,000 a year.
"I measured the money over a lifetime to try and get there."
She did not have her own 12-person advance team to set up events, as Mrs. Dole does, and aides say she rarely answered questions on foreign policy, as Mrs. Dole has on Iraq.
They want to know what is at the center of this whole thing, and we can't give them a sensible answer."
American support for Israel is firm.
They show the Greek goddess Victory holding a laurel wreath over her head and cradling palm fronds in in her arm.
Schwarz, which means that when the entire New York Islanders hockey team comes into the store -- as it did recently -- she leads its members through toy mania.
Today, millions of Americans are afraid to leave their job because they can't find other good opportunities.
With corporate titans, political stars and Hollywood celebrities occupying courtside boxes, the top matches often have the feel of a heavyweight championship fight.
In fact, Ms. Besteiro had volunteered to a reporter that she was concerned about Mr. Dole's opposition to abortion rights.
Other white students denied admission will not be affected.
A sweet molasses smell sometimes emanates from the Domino sugar plant, but the garbage business, which occupies parts of the waterfront, has been known to generate a stench, depending on wind and weather.
Marching music would have seemed an American phenomenon, at least for someone who had been brought to St. Joseph, Mo., as a 2-year-old, by way of Galveston, Tex., from somewhere "near Kiev."
''It's like living in a fish bowl,'' said Dr. Francis J. Crosson Jr., associate medical director of Kaiser Permanente in Northern California.
He regularly works 5 A.M. to 7 P.M. at BellSouth, where in his 12 years as chief executive he has run up a respectable record of profits.
She is survived by her husband of 46 years, John Dirk Nies; two sons, J. Dirk, of Rockville, Md., and Eric W., of New York City; a daughter, Nancy N. Sloan of Las Vegas, Nev.; her mother, Lida Wilson of Rockville; a brother, George E. Wilson, and two grandchildren.
In New Britain, where two magnet schools have had successful uniform programs, parents and students were asked their opinions.
Captivated by the new models, and faced with higher car costs and ever-more congested city streets, more and more Europeans are making the switch.
"I must go back; I have no choice," he said.
I know a lot of these people for 10, 12, 18 years.
Everywhere in Berlin, it sometimes seems, the present is predicated on a glorious future.
Companies sold on the basis of the popularity of their founder often make poor investments.
Eight were taken to area hospitals.
's have an unusual set of hoops to jump through.
The measure was quickly denounced by many conservatives, including some in the House, and it was just as quickly bottled up on the House floor.
If technology did not eliminate certain jobs, however, overall living standards could not grow.
It was here, in this natural amphitheater ringed by mountains, that the world's first parliament -- the Althing -- met in A.D. 930.
Both deaths were ruled homicides.
They also recently paid cash for a personal computer and software used in running Mrs. Samartin's business accounts, and they like to lavish gifts on Mr. Samartin's six grandchildren from a previous marriage.
She and her husband, Martin, raised three children in Briarcliff Manor and have four grandchildren.
At the same time, the state's economy fell into a recession from which it has not yet recovered.
But hawks and owls like to eat the quail."
Mrs. Sansone was on her own way up as the founder of a successful social-services group, the Congress of Italian-American Organizations, which ran senior-citizen and day-care centers.
Divide among 4 soup plates and serve immediately.
I respect authority, but authority doesn't respect me.''
''Consensus and Conflict'' is at the Whitney Museum branch in Stamford through Sept. 18.
(AP) GOLF Mickelson Wins Second On a day when Grant Waite of New Zealand became the 10th player to shoot a 60 on the PGA Tour, Phil Mickelson had what it took to win the Phoenix Open yesterday.
Despite his size, he could actually play cornerback.
" She was 22 when she married Mr. Bacon, whom she met on the set of "Lemon Sky," a Lanford Wilson play that was filmed in 1988 for PBS's American Playhouse series.
The house has a gently pitched roof, Dutch doors, Delft tiles around the fireplace in the dining room and a Van Cortlandt family Bible, dated 1710.
$(B3.$) NEW JERSEY Questioning Medical Fee at Jails A 60 percent decline in the number of New Jersey prison inmates seeking medical care has raised questions of whether the state went too far when it began charging prisoners $5 for each visit to the doctor.
$(1.$) Crash Hampers Tunnel Traffic A New Jersey Transit bus traveling against the flow of car traffic in a special bus lane collided head-on with a car on a busy highway in Weehawken, a short distance from the Lincoln Tunnel, bringing the morning rush-hour traffic nearly to a standstill for more than two hours.
COMING UP Bobby Vinton, Feb. 16-18.
The only color that is missing is blue.
Accountable'' (editorial, Aug. 18) presents a strong case for reasonable candor on the part of the Central Intelligence Agency.
Some contend that the memorial should focus on the 10,000 gay men who were consigned to prisons and concentration camps under Nazi laws.
That is simply not true.
"I can't buy all this," he told them quickly.
Voter initiatives in California and Arizona approving the use of marijuana for medical purposes are spreading alarm among many families and confronting law enforcement officials with a tough dilemma.
Technical experts investigating the crash of Trans World Airlines Flight 800 say they are growing increasingly worried that corrosion from salt water may have erased from metal wreckage the critical evidence investigators say they must find to show whether the plane was brought down by a bomb, missile or mechanical failure.
Unless scientists know how climate has varied in the past, they cannot accurately gauge whatever effect humans may be having on present and future climate.
The demand for Bonhoeffer's legal rehabilitation suggests a gradual but profound shift in Germany's theological thought as well as a change in the democratic society that was built on the ashes of Hitler's Reich.
''This is a human tragedy of monstrous proportions, which could have been, and could be avoided -- and that's what this is all about,'' Professor Gates said after the conference.
An aging and increasingly anxious population demands no less.
I promised my mom .
''I come here today to say to the governors, you asked for this and now you've got it,'' Mr. Clinton said at a meeting of the bipartisan Southern Governors' Association in Kansas City, Mo., referring to the welfare bill that ends the Federal guarantee of assistance to the poor in favor of block grants to states with wide flexibility to administer programs as they see fit.
Of the 19 other passengers and drivers injured, 3 were in critical condition yesterday.
Best bits: Mr. Drake's besotted nastiness and Mr. Smith's wimpy conniving.
The provision was to expire when air bags become mandatory on the passenger side of vehicles.
Here, too, the service is obliging, friendly; the waiters all seem to know what we want before the thought occurs to us.
''We've been making a point of getting models' autographs because they're so hot right now.''
On Dec. 12, 1992, Mr. Farah was sitting in an engineering class when two Marine officers knocked on the door, interrupting the lecture, and said he was urgently needed in Somalia.
Organized by the town's Historical Society, this year's edition will feature 40 highly regarded dealers in America and England.
While the signs hanging in the windows of the five-story town house proclaim 1997 as the year of renewal, even Mr. LeRoy now concedes that that will not be the case.
Mr. Mottola wanted to display the children's drawings on the carousel, but he was pressed to stay within the city's budget.
Beginning in 1991, with the cold war's end, the Navy began making segments of the system available to researchers at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
The council is a consortium of the nation's 100 largest pension funds.
At the eastern end of Lake Ontario, up to 18 inches fell on parts of northern New York.
Then Bailey came back in the second division to win by a nose aboard Dynasty, who edged River Antoine in a photo finish for Bailey's fourth victory of the day.
But some lenders are still looking the other way.
Monica Barnes, Jenny Kleen, Freya Wormus, Nami Yamamoto and Ms. Hedewig made each change in tone vivid.
She was identified as Joh'Nette Gathers, who lived with her mother at the motel, the Econo Lodge.
Although he predicted that Bob Dole would carry Michigan, he pointed out that Republicans picked up five seats in 1992 in the Clinton victory, and that he expected gains.
's feeling was that they had responsibilities if this presented a risk to the public at large."
That is not easy for outsiders to tell.
But I want to be strong and overcome."
At his feet is a four-gallon jug of white liquor, a new supply for the crew.
Some thought he was too slow, too big.
Bipartisan goodwill stopped at the Senate door as Mr. Dole exited.
State and Federal prosecutors said yesterday that they had found no grounds for criminal charges against the former Mayor.
''Now there's a quiltmaker, a blacksmith, a furniture maker -- high-end shops.
Even though Ohio State had the 9-point halftime lead, on three field goals by Josh Jackson, the Wolverines knew they were in the game.
A scene in "King Lear" inspired a long dialogue one morning about the curious experience of passing on possessions to children, then unexpectedly living another 20 years and visiting the children and the possessions.
When China, failing to sink the operation, said it would only approve 1,200 troops in Haiti, not the 1,900 the Security Council thinks is necessary, Canada offered to pick up the costs of the 700 additional troops.
My Japanese wife added, "Many Japanese feel that the more you say or explain, the more you risk being considered shallow."
Still, a survey conducted by the Life Insurance Association of Japan a few months ago found 70 percent of companies saying they had no interest in buying back their stock.
check is his sole income.
Instead, it brought claims of using fraudulent means to gather the news.
BILLS 5.18 5.21 5.37 6-MO.
Mr. Pataki's supporters challenged those subpoenas in court, but lost in a decision released last week.
Mr. Ragsale said the company had a list of nearly 500 hospitals that it would be interested in acquiring, in Southern and Midwestern communities, Forstmann Little is committing $1 billion, or more than 40 percent of its $2.3 billion capital, to the deal.
The program is free with museum admission.
------, but you can't lose sight of your ultimate goal.
THE park is open to Hempstead Town residents who need only show a driver's license or other qualified photo ID to enter.
He recently obtained a cellular telephone so that he could always stay in touch.
The reduced iron will be produced using new technology developed by Lurgi Metallurgie G.m.b.H., a unit of Lurgi A.G., and will be marketed initially in the United States.
And it has triggered an acrimonious power struggle that many say illustrates President Tudjman's growing intolerance and refusal to sanction democratic change.
Not Mr. Alexander, the former Secretary of Education and former Governor of Tennessee.
Tampa Bay (21-21-7) moved within 4-3 on John Cullen's rebound goal at 8:57 of the third period.
"I'd rather not take the subway," said Mr. Engstrom, sitting on a ledge at an entrance to Grand Central Terminal.
Mrs. Diamond's most famous philanthropic wager involved investing $25 million to create the Aaron Diamond AIDS Research Center.
The reasoning was that both sluggers would be in the lineup every day to bolster the Yankees.
"I didn't know how much responsibility I could take for having placed myself in those dysfunctional relationships, having been as young as I was," she muses.
In a 30-minute speech interrupted by no fewer than five standing ovations, Mrs. Clinton blended her familiar message of society's obligation to help its children with recollections of growing up Methodist.
C1 'NYNY: City of Ambition.'
Teen-agers in tie-dyed shirts sneaked cigarettes before the bell rang.
He is in a very difficult position.''
But Mr. Gingrich, who has not taken a position on the substance of the Cobb County resolution, mused that it was inconsistent for the Olympics to shun Cobb County for political reasons while inviting nations like Cuba, Syria, Iran and North Korea to the Games.
''I was so angry,'' he said.
What comes through amid the stacks of memos and other documents is the agonizing that accompanied the decision for Carter and the extent to which he put his personal prestige behind the effort to convince the United States and other countries that the boycott was reasonable.
Stir in the garlic and mushrooms.
A friend from SAGE drove him to the party since he cannot manage the buses anymore.
In addition to providing employment for about 75 people -- some of them former gang members -- it has energized the immediate shopping area.
American officials said Mr. Christopher, on his 17th visit to Syria as Secretary of State, wanted to get a better understanding of the Syrian position from Mr. Assad before talking to Mr. Peres.
*The Basketball Committee will address the issue of reseeding teams in the later rounds of the N.C.A.A.
When my face appeared, I heard some scattered boos for the first time, along with a couple of voices in the crowd shouting 'Guilty, guilty!'
The fund group says it favors giving individuals more control over how their retirement assets are invested, and its task force will weigh in with recommendations to the next Congress around the time a Presidential task force makes its own suggestions.
How you do that depends on the circumstances."
''My aunt, Violet Myers, used to live here,'' Mr.
Even the leaders of the last major guerrilla insurgency in attendance here, the Guatemalan National Revolutionary Unity, were preaching the virtues of politics by more conventional means.
But airport officials, fearing that a bomb had exploded, closed part of a terminal used for international and domestic flights for two hours, delaying three flights.
NEW JERSEY HISTORICAL SOCIETY ''The Kids Bridge,'' an exhibition that explores diversity, identity and prejudice through works of art created by children.
"It's going to be very tough," said Fred Roethlisberger, the personal coach and father of the top American gymnast John Roethlisberger.
Mrs. Laurenzo achieved some prominence at the 1988 Republican National Convention, when George Bush embraced her as a great cook and friend.
''She had her whole life in front of here.
As for the food, Daniel Boulud's menu offers both hearty French food and classic cooking.
A1 A spotlight on a weakness in campaign finance regulation.
He used to train in secret under his former trainer, Pepe Correa.
But now that Seattle has given Jordan a challenge, the Sonics should beware tomorrow.
Each such announcement creates modest but positive daily newspaper headlines, and overwhelmingly favorable television coverage in the areas Mr. Clinton visits.
"Losing causes you to start playing not to lose instead of playing to win.
"But if you don't connect the two," McCune says, "it's all for naught."
But in 1992, as war broke out, he and his Serbian friends said they were pushed to chose sides.
"These friends of mine who support Zyuganov have been exploited and will be milked for a long time."
Or will the weakness of any one of them help drag down the other two?
''I used to watch Earl and Clyde, man,'' he said, paying homage to the former Knicks Earl Monroe and Walt Frazier.
''If we made the price too low, we'd have too many people,'' Mr. Imperatore said.
"This year I read all these columns and I see all this news coverage on whether the ads are more important than the grass-roots campaigning or the negative ads becoming more influential," Mr. Clinton told the rally at Drake.
Last month the district hired Francis M. Murphy, Superintendent of Schools in Williamsville, N.Y., a suburb of Buffalo.
A traffic tangle lasting 90 minutes ensued as 45th Street was closed between the United Nations and Second Avenue.
Just five schools in Nassau and Suffolk Counties have crew teams or clubs.
He says now that that was the best time of his life, that he was at the top of his game.
''A lot has changed -- dramatically -- in the last six months,'' said John Stark, a lawyer for the S.E.C.
As a sign that he does not plan to give Mr. Dole a free ride, Mr. Buchanan has readied a television advertisement for Texas attacking the Senator as out of touch with public anxiety about jobs.
He is anxious to begin a four-game series in Cleveland this afternoon, the opener of a day-night doubleheader.
The Helms-Burton act, passed after Cuba shot down two civilian American aircraft off the Cuban coast in February, allows Americans -- including former Cubans -- to sue foreign companies using American property seized after the 1959 revolution that brought Fidel Castro to power in Cuba.
Many European countries -- including France, Belgium, Denmark, Sweden and Finland -- banned smoking in enclosed public places some years ago.
These two have not met since 1966 -- they first played in 1898 -- and the Big Red leads the series, 3-0-1.
Another one that works particularly well in shady nooks is the combo of astilbe and hosta.
But those were years of economic slack, when cuts can make sense.
Paul Gentile, the former Bronx District Attorney who headed a commission examining school boards for Bronx Borough President Fernando Ferrer, said patronage and corruption do the worst damage in the poorest neighborhoods.
Beyond all this, the company is now armed with growing cable assets and is becoming a force in global communications.
Combine all ingredients in the bowl of a food processor, and pulse until finely chopped (or chop by hand).
''I have been given a responsibility to act according to the wishes of 130 million Pakistanis,'' Mr. Khalid told a group of high school students in Lahore, his hometown.
''We regard it as a treasure and we don't want it to be tinkered with.
His voice, thanks to the ventilator inflating his lungs 11 times a minute, is clear and steady, with a slightly patrician tone.
"Yugoslavia: Death of a Nation" has some wonderful anecdotes, like one about the 1991 gathering of the Serbian and Croatian Presidents at Tito's old hunting lodge in Karadjordjevo.
At the University of Florida, he was the National Collegiate Athletic Association 3,000-meter steeplechase champion in 1989.
But it once again highlighted Mr. Giuliani's political dilemma.
Both airlines also have fewer unions representing their workers than most other American carriers, a fact that would likely make meshing the two work forces easier.
The lead exceeded seven minutes at Mile 39, which suited the overall leaders' strategy: Nobody would counterattack riders so far ahead and the race could continue in a bunch until the breakaway was reeled in by the start of the Hautacam, where the real race began.
To the Editor: It is not an acceptable concept to entrenched politicians that someone who says what he means and means what he says and who does not capitulate to political correctness is elected to office, especially to the Presidency.
The disease, Neisseria meningitis, can only be spread by close contact, said Dr. Ella Boyd, coordinator of community health services for Ocean County.
But he offered no details.
Immediately after learning by telephone that my father would probably not survive complications following cancer surgery, I heard the culminating chorus of Bach's ''St.
South would have succeeded if he had now continued spades, but he had no way to know that the diamonds did not represent a danger.
The statement, Mr. Yousef said yesterday, was made to save relatives in Pakistan from harm.
In the cajoling, lobbying, negotiating and marketing involved in the high-powered real estate world generally ruled by men, being women probably has not hurt.
She finished fourth as the youngest athlete at the 1994 national championships, and performed impressively at the 1994 Goodwill Games, where she was also the youngest competitor.
''We got information that this thing contained drugs, so we tested and confirmed it and then got a warrant,'' the official said.
''What I saw was a very enormous women's issue,'' said Dr. Vance, who returned to Russia last month.
It perfectly suited Ms. Schwartz, who refused to accept Dutch-treat dating, flowers bought at the corner deli or any of the other disappointments of modern romance.
He joined the Ranger organization in 1946, when he became the trainer for the New York Rovers, the minor league farm team, then moved to New York in 1948.
Even though I am reminded of ''No moooooore Rice Kriiissssspies'' when I hear that piece in its proper context, I still have a rich engagement with the work that I might otherwise not have.
Samuel Manasevit, Stanley Manasevit's father, was born in Russia, and immigrated to the United States in 1905, followed by his brother, Isadore, Frank Manasevit's father, two years later.
Men wanted their penises cast.
search committee, said that once he got the job, he "antagonized everyone."
Intel fell 2 1/4, to 107 3/4; Cisco Systems fell 2 11/16, to 60 11/16, and Dell Computer fell 1 3/8, to 82 3/8.
Mr. Rosenthal said sketches were useful in police work mostly as a way of riveting public attention and eliciting more public cooperation.
IN the early morning hours of April 18, four members of Act Up, the AIDS protest group, knowingly broke the law.
Not to worry, the Microsoft Corporation is already working to remedy the PC's shortcomings with an initiative called "The Simply Interactive PC for 1997."
Obsessive-compulsive disorder affects an estimated five million Americans.
"I think it does greater harm to keep people from coming to this country, greater harm to our image worldwide and to individuals.
"It was like I sent away a bad kid," Cordero said, "and when he comes back he says, 'Daddy, can I clean your car?'
and the two companies are archrivals.
''Now is the time to use that moral authority.''
"My feeling about all that is newspapers hide behind the idea that they're not supposed to become involved in the community's business," Mr. Doty said.
Smaller banks can pick up the slack."
Although the sessions covered fishes, turtles and early mammals, among other vertebrates, a feature of the meeting was a special symposium on pterosaurs, at which many of the world's leading experts presented papers, specimens and heated commentary.
Dawe's second goal broke a 3-3 tie.
Air bags inflate explosively -- at speeds of up to 200 miles an hour -- in the event of a crash to provide a protective cushion for front-seat riders.
Records released from his most recent checkup show that the results of standard laboratory tests were normal, as was his electrocardiogram, which showed no changes since one taken a year ago.
"In my day, the wife would have to be in an iron lung for that to happen."
The group, the American Association of Health Plans, said its members would voluntarily renounce the use of ''gag clauses'' limiting doctors' discussion of treatment options.
Stacey Thompson, a Boston College sophomore, said that a Notre Dame player had shouted at students in the stands, ''How much are you going to bet on this game?''
''We just need time to study how to implement it.''
"They want to be normal members of society, not strange members."
I know I'm going to cry and get to be lonely and want to go home.
at Fourth Street, in Washington through Jan. 5.
The company has since been through bankruptcy proceedings and in 1992 was bought by another company.
Earlier this year, Continental Airlines introduced daily nonstop service to Houston, United Airlines added nonstop service to Denver, and American Airlines offered nonstop service to Dallas.
At the Emelin Theater in Mamaroneck next Saturday at 8 P.M., a violinist, Latica Honda-Rosenberg, and a pianist, Claudio Martinez-Mehner, will play works by Mozart, Beethoven, Debussy and Stravinsky.
But he has said he cannot do that beyond March 1.
He was very easy to love.''
When campaign reform was snuffed as an issue this year in Congress, the Maine initiative began attracting national attention.
''I've talked to Fran Fraschilla, our new coach.
Officer Speringo, who from the very morning of the shooting had denied any responsibility, offered a different version.
''I don't see how they're even managing to stay open anymore, they take in a lot more revenue from simulcast wagering than from on-track betting and that's a very bad sign,'' said John Ewaski, associate accountant in the State Division of Special Revenue.
"I was always used to winning or competing well," Powell said.
"I wanted to go out and defend him and shut him down and shut up all the critics who said he was the best European player."
"All through March, I didn't feel very well.
Despite this background, he enjoyed a rapid rise in the Soviet Army as a specialist in charge of psychological and ideological warfare.
"Welfare as we know it": luckily for them, they never will.
In fact, she said, "the fraud, the abuse, the dishonesty was in the process."
Friday and Saturday at 8 and 10 P.M. Free with a reservation.
); Clementi thinks big, trying to manipulate enormous blocks of dramatic, minor-mode music.
State education officials caution that since both are small districts, the test results can vary significantly if only a handful of students are out sick on test day.
"Black Sheep" was directed by Penelope Spheeris ("The Decline of Western Civilization") with a nod to her rock-and-roll roots (a cameo by Mudhoney) but only the weariest stabs at comic ingenuity.
Those results suggest that some of the methods now used to treat cocaine addiction might work for smokers.
Signs of strength in yesterday's economic reports heightened fears of inflation among investors and caused a sharp selloff of Treasury securities, even as some analysts wondered whether the fears were justified.
Pollin decided last year to drop the Bullets nickname because it connotes violence in a city where guns and shootings had become commonplace.
Senator Barry Goldwater's conservative supporters were increasingly unfriendly to television reporters, and during a demonstration by delegates, guards ejected Mr. Chancellor for blocking the aisles.
Epilepsy is a family of more than 40 conditions that result in damage to brain cells, causing seizures.
Mr. Gritz persuaded Mr. Weaver to give himself up.
"You don't train just one year for the Olympics," she said.
"There is still no clear winner yet," Mr. Arlen said.
''I'm going to do this -- I've pledged -- - I would like to serve in this position for four years, if the President will have me,'' Mr. Cuomo said by telephone from his suburban home in Virginia yesterday morning, as his 23-month-old twin girls, Cara Ethel and Mariah Matilda, clamored for his attention.
But Martin fought off a match point to beat the Russian Davis Cup veteran Andrei Chesnokov, 5-7, 7-6 (8-6), 6-4, in the second singles match.
''The public doesn't have these same personal or emotional investments,'' he said.
As two fans behind him continued to heckle the Orioles' Bobby Bonilla, Laurain added that, in the days of his youth, when a kid caught a home run, he got a pat on the back.
Unlike Bob Dole, Newt Gingrich has not had a Capitol balcony named for him yet, but one comes with the Speaker's office, and he sat there in the late-afternoon sun one day last week, coat off, shirt sleeves rolled up, reflecting on the roller-coaster ride his political fortunes have taken in the 18 months since the Republicans seized control of Congress.
As part of an effort to expand its global reach, KPMG has signed a letter of intent to acquire the largest accounting and consulting firm in India.
The Senate version focuses on the injury -- whether the victim was a child or a police officer, a wife, girlfriend or barroom brawler.
Performances by Daniel Salazar Jr., a classical guitarist, and Val Ramos, flamenco guitarist.
Provident's acquisition of Paul Revere was delayed in September so the companies could make new estimates of the cost of future disability claims by customers of Paul Revere.
During the negotiations on the test-ban treaty, Indian officials have barely mentioned China.
Mr. Halbritter said the Men's Council took away the rights of 30 Oneidas because "we were trying to get their attention."
When a team is loaded with a large contingent of new players, it prompts questions about the ability of the players to mold themselves into a cohesive unit quickly enough to win.
It was the night for hitters to oppose Clemens and Key.
Something has to amplify that warming for the larger amount of warming predicted by the United Nations panel to materialize.
This is not about race.
Paul D. Selver, a Brown & Wood alumnus who is now at Battle Fowler, has found himself in New Orleans, advising clients in a dispute with an adajcent property owner over a new street that had been mandated as part of a special zoning district.
The agreement upset many Muslims in Turkey and elsewhere.
Mr. Furlong, advocates for prisoners and some medical professionals raised concerns in interviews about the quality of the care that the private companies deliver, especially because inmates now in prison are more likely to suffer from serious medical problems and to die earlier than the inmates of a decade ago.
It took some juggling and you weren't as public about it this time, but it looks like you've assembled that.
Ines sets the doll on the living-room coffee table and takes down a photo album from a bookshelf.
The two had once been inseparable friends.
grew rapidly from not much more than 10 acres to a city of 85 acres, complete with an elite quarter in the center and an industrial zone containing more than 100 olive-oil processing plants.
But there were also lows: Portia lost her son by an earlier marriage in a cave-diving accident.
''This is a very clear and blatant effort by the Peruvian military to silence one of its most vocal critics,'' Anne Manuel, deputy director for the Americas division of Human Rights Watch, said in a telephone interview from Washington.
And during the course of this 11-year-career, he was cited three times for bravery.
Now, producers say, little is shared, and the additional burdens have pushed some producers out of the business.
About an hour after the water surged to the surface, she said she believed that the problem was with the 36-inch main.
He also invited a delegation of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe to Serbia to review the situation.
The work, shot in Super 8 film and Hi-8 video, will include new versions of Ms. Kaye's ''Wild Girl'' studies and an untitled new film by Ms. Greenfield that she describes as an ''erotic cabaret.''
Daly hit it 270 yards-plus off the tee to set up birdies at Nos.
In December, the Indian authorities arrested three young Tibetans who crossed into India from Tibet earlier in the year in the guise of refugees.
No one should be surprised.
It is on the minds of just about everyone, but few are obsessed with it.
That means finding new tenants for corporate headquarters that have been emptied, new uses for branch banks that have been superseded by automated teller machines and new layouts for airline terminals that have been pushed well beyond their capacity.
As part of the same effort, the courts also eliminated so-called permanent qualified juror lists, which were lists of people frequently called for jury service.
Robert Hawks -- ''a dormant hydrologist, trying to spend the autumn alone, trying to break up with my girlfriend, stuck in the middle of an F.B.I.
"The war spoiled everything," he lamented.
He knew how badly we needed this game.
Mujahedeen commanders have been using pickaxes, bulldozers and even land mines to ravage sites like Balkh, an ancient city in northern Afghanistan that was once a crossroads of ancient civilizations.
Among pianists performing this week is Mary Ann Heym, who teaches at the Masters School and directs the Musicians in Progress program at the Rye Arts Center.
Feelings about the meeting are running strong outside the board room, too.
MAPLE in the mists was palpable.
He leans back into the couch, but he isn't finished.
Peeking in the windows, they saw a large living room with a fireplace, many small-paned windows and an unrenovated kitchen.
The second piece, a two-armed hook, is then suspended from the nail.
It was not until 1932 that the club began keeping trophy records of North American big game animals.
The fires in December and January that destroyed three black churches in this community between the Warrior and the Tombigbee Rivers were among the first to raise fears that the region might be suffering a wave of racially motivated attacks on symbols of stability and activism.
Mr. Ortiz represents Milagros Saavedra Rodriguez, 29, who was hurt in the blast.
Mark is such a computer nerd that the band is named for a type of equation (the Quadratics) and includes a clarinet, which isn't much help when they try to play "Satisfaction."
Only a few thousand residents are left to join anyway.
For starters, there are roasted mussels in a spicy basil vinaigrette; Asian-style shrimp and scallops over soba noodles with wilted greens, and seared tuna carpaccio complemented by two little salads of lentils and beets and topped with Parmesan shavings.
"Can you believe that's where I live?"
Concerns have also been fed by the way in which the Panamanian Government awarded recent contracts to modernize two ports that, though not formally part of the canal, are located at either end of the waterway.
It had to be done.''
Boggs disembarked after his second time on a horse in his life, raced to the plate, waved his cap to the fans and was the last Yankee to leave the field.
Adelphi was chartered in 1896 by the Regents, who direct and supervise the operation of the state's schools, colleges and universities.
College admissions officers say it is difficult to gauge the effectiveness of private consultants, or even how many students use them.
So the campaign offers a driver's-eye perspective from childhood through old age.
However, Mr. Reels said the Simonds could not become members of the tribe until the tribe's membership and tribal council decide to amend the tribal constitution's membership laws.
''I don't have an emotional problem with fur,'' said Mr. Jacobs, who uses ermine, sable and shearling.
Mitchell Mallette, founder of the Second Greater Baptist Church of Freeport, is black.
Inside 18 West 45th Street were a copy shop, hardware store and newsstand with a large snack section.
Judy Marcus, Mr. Millard's director of constituent service, has a long history of working with the community on neighborhood problems.
Fax machines and cellular phones are available.
"That's all right," said D. Wayne Lukas, who drew the middle for his entry, Prince of Thieves and Editor's Note.
''We couldn't go off the deep end and go nasty without a cause.
I think what Mr. Arafat wants us to do is make sure that everybody honors the agreements they've already made.
"Nobody wanted to play after seeing something like that happen."
Yesterday, in announcing the appointment of Martin D. Raab, a prominent architect, as president and chief executive of the School Construction Authority, the Mayor stood by as Dr.
Unfortunately, by casting the net so wide, Mr. Zukowsky has been unable to let it get too deep.
(As in all home mortgages, interest payments are tax deductible, although there have been periodic calls to restrict this benefit.)
Cray Research Inc. said yesterday that it had sold its printed circuit board plant in Chippewa Falls, Wis., to Johnson Matthey P.L.C.
Once across, those on the near side tend to discount its importance.
A hybrid vehicle combines two or more power sources -- like fuel cells, batteries, flywheels or combustion engines -- to achieve greater efficiency and lower emissions of pollution than conventional cars.
Michael A. Rebell, a lawyer for the New York plaintiffs, said, ''Sheff is helpful to us because to some extent we're dealing with the same problems, urban education in areas that have predominantly minority populations, and a situation where much of the public and many of the politicians have either forgotten these kids or are ready to abandon them.''
Exactly what does all this mean?
For the child, that process includes attending to a dying bird.
Thibault did some puck-juggling in the first period, and his fastidious sweeping in and around his crease seemed partly professional, and partly nervous tic.
I would like to dedicate this victory to those people and to my family because they mean very much to me.
I rode a bike for 30 minutes.
Ascent to Acquire Spectravision Ascent Entertainment Group agreed to acquire the assets of Spectravision, a rival company in pay-per-view television, which has been operating under bankruptcy-law protection, in exchange for canceling $600 million in debt.
Does Dole fade in the stretch, as the media expect, as Clinton begins to enjoy himself?
Cymbidiums are available in two sizes.
"China is a market where you have to be patient," said Christine Debiais-Brendle, chief executive of Hachette Filipacchi Asia Pacific.
's case to the S.E.C.
In the long run, of course, there's probably terrible damage waiting."
3 Vanderbilt Wins Easily NASHVILLE, Jan. 3 (AP) -- , Mara Cunningham had a career-high 26 points and Angela Gorsica, her backup, added 12 last night as No.
Speaking about the agreement, Edward Riguardi, chairman of the real estate's negotiating committee, said, "It's satisfactory."
The nude is stretched out on a couch and is playing with a parrot; the painting is a copy, probably done by a Cooper Union student, of Gustave Courbet's "La Femme au Perroquet."
The hole opened shortly after 4 P.M. as the bus monitor was helping one child cross the street while the driver and eight other children remained inside.
''By nature, I wasn't a salesman, but by dint of responsibility to the Timken Company and the position, I had to learn how to be a public person and sell and convince people of my beliefs and why they should agree with what I had to say.
Fong calls calligraphy a "nonerasive medium."
The Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat, the international arbiter of the world's skyscrapers, voted on April 13 that television antennas are irrelevant, and awarded the title of world's tallest to Petronas, by 33 feet.
"It's one thing to get to the top; it's so tough to stay there, especially when you have someone like Carl Lewis behind you."
The Commercial Bank of San Francisco, which has 48 employees, set up a plan for just one of them, its chief credit officer, to encourage him to stay.
Even if he or she is the guest of honor at a reception, a member of Congress is not required to list the event as an in-kind contribution, nor is the sponsoring company or group required to report it as anything other than a business expense.
This month, the junta's problems have increased as campus demonstrations raised the possibility of student unrest spilling onto the streets of Yangon.
Doctor: Mrs. D, are you pointing to my nose?
A Chinese woman took issue with a spelling error in the Chinese translation of the Christmas message.
His Galileo was a formidable mix of intelligence and sensuality who seemed physically to shrink and shrivel when he betrayed his scientific beliefs.
" Mr. Dolan recites the line as clipped and confident as Mr. Dole made himself sound in predicting how he'd contain the Republicans' endless fighting over abortion: "Piece of cake."
Ms. Parton changed the word ''queen'' to ''king'' and updated the line ''look at mother nature on the run in the 1970's'' to the 21st century.
That core understanding also made possible Israeli-Palestinian cooperation in a broad range of areas, including security affairs, that were never part of their relationship before.
"It's not going to be a pretty year," said Kenneth S. Courtis, chief economist for Deutschbank Group (Asia).
Her father, who is retired, was New Jersey's Deputy Attorney General from 1980 to 1990.
THE CAROUSEL, by Belva Plain.
Since all forfeitures do not accrue to general revenue, there is an incentive for local agencies to seek to increase their budgets by preferentially prosecuting individuals with assets that can be forfeited, as opposed to going after those equally culpable miscreants without significant assets.
By learning parenting skills, you build a bond with your dog and reinforce behavior that is fun, positive and safe.''
The Yankees actually had a 1-0 lead.
We felt it was our corporate responsibility to offer training to help reseed the local economy with skilled machinists, educated in the latest technology and enabling New England manufacturers to stay competitive.
One-third of the nation's households do not subscribe to cable television, and income appears to be a factor in who does.
Without words, "Tower" might have been only a study in dynamics.
Glenmede executives counter that they were honor-bound to respect the confidentiality of their discussions with Pew officials and add that they were under no obligation to disclose to any client the strategy devised for any other customer.
Second, a content producer will still want to control the integrity of a work.
She was strangled on a weekday afternoon, in the hours between college classes and leaving for the swing shift at a Bronx post office.
He seemed amenable to conversation.
Not that they aren't superb kids, but I wish I'd kept one of them playing the piano, for example.
Surveying the now-stylish area, less than a mile west of the fancy shops on North Michigan Avenue, the owner, Gordon Sinclair, remembers: ''The rent was $350 a month, and I was so short of funds that I didn't make 'Gordon' possessive, to shave $25 off the sign-painter's bill.''
But Major DeBlock said detectives and arson investigators had not determined yet whether the fire was a crime or an accident.
He was Omar Mohammed Ali Rezaq, a Lebanese-born Palestinian and the lone survivor of a three-man terrorist team that commandeered Egypt Air Flight 648 on Nov. 23, 1985, in one of the deadliest hijackings in history.
Dance for Fosse, a man who came of age backstage at Chicago's bump-and-grind houses, always had an air of the striptease.
She has also negotiated better terms for many of the services the company uses.
Perhaps more important, Shamil Basayev, the most notorious rebel leader in Chechnya and the most wanted man in Russia (after leading a hostage raid last year on the southern town of Buddyonovsk), was injured in the toe last week after a brawl with his brother.
General Hughes, the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, offered reassuring words in his report for American troops stationed in Bosnia, suggesting that NATO forces face no organized military threat.
Like the Atlanta Games, the 36th annual World Eskimo-Indian Olympics -- July 17-20 in Fairbanks, Alaska -- include a torch (a seal-blubber lamp) and a medal ceremony.
This has made many Chinese very angry.''
From the first, everything about Mr. Hoffenberg has been over the top, as those who recall his brief career as acting publisher of The New York Post can attest.
Underneath the cobbled streets of Edinburgh's Old Town are medieval stone cellars where a man could scream and scream and never be heard.
No one knows what happened to Tony Manero.
The target was Cory Hall, the site of the university's departments of electrical engineering and computer science.
A 30-second spot often addresses three different substantive issues -- which is at least two more issues than voters will find in the typical two-minute television story or 500-word newspaper article.
Two days after the aviation agency wrote that letter, staff members from the office of the inspector general at the Transportation Department met with F.A.A.
Joyce West, vice president of the Charles H. Greenthal Residential Sales Corporation, said: "There was a time in the 70's and early 80's when things stayed on the market for years.
PRICE RANGE Lunch: entrees, $3.50 to $9.95; desserts, $2.95.
But he was outside the latest hearing at the Bergen County Courthouse leading a protest, as he has done during parole or court hearings for Mr. Trantino for the last 16 years.
Many battalion members were employed by the state telephone and electricity companies and lost their jobs after the American invasion.
Besides, I need to atone for killing all those lady beetles.
It was ''Lady Macbeth'' that virtually brought down the hammmer and sickle on the 29-year-old composer.
I think particularly of the Depression era's political philosophy, which led to government interference in the marketplace.
It is Syria that is engaged in peace talks with Israel.
EVERY so often someone tries to spend the night at the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale.
The wide receiver, a major off-season acquisition after he set a Bears yardage record last year, injured his right knee in the Jets' 34-13 loss to the Oakland Raiders last Sunday.
Izzard: It's a different ball game.
They could be romantic, professional, even physical, like transforming yourself into an athlete or changing your appearance.
It erupted again in 1631, claiming an estimated 18,000 lives.
"There's such a purity and goodness to the show and something that will never happen again."
The events will be promoted at the race tracks in those cities, with cards entitling holders to discounts or free gifts from DKNY or the Donna Karan Beauty Company.
Although the United States now claims to be neutral in the dispute, it has tended to lean toward Japan.
''We defended well against their set pieces and we were able to capitalize on our chances,'' Masur said.
Many people did not know what to expect, she said, adding that through word of mouth, acceptance has been growing and that additional organizations are requesting volunteers.
''Tell him his girlfriend came by and he wasn't here,'' she said, her mouth pursing in a playful pout.
Psychologically, it is a perfect month.
With lavishly gilded columns designed to look like palm trees whose creamand-gold fronds whoosh upward to the ceiling cornice, the room looks rather like a deliciously artificial stage set.
But state workers erroneously contacted the Child Protective Unit in Oneida County, not Ontario County, where the child lived.
''Judith Hope is obviously misinformed,'' he said.
"A community in the 20th century without a place to fly an aircraft would be like a community in the 19th century without a railroad," he said in an interview last week.
Group of Seven Divided on Gold Sale Leaders of the seven largest industrial democracies disagreed over a U.S. plan for the I.M.F.
Just how precious that access is at the moment can be measured by the number of media companies that have waded into -- and complicated -- a situation that began as a simple fight between one cable distributor, Time Warner, and Rupert Murdoch's Fox News Channel.
Last night's game featured two more Gretzky assists, extending his point-scoring streak to 13 games.
By the fourth round, the stream of blood had stained his trunks, his chest, his navel, his arms and his dimples, and the referee Joe Cortez stopped this World Boxing Council superlightweight championship bout before anybody at Caesars Palace drowned.
The book chronicles the successes of Julia Child, Jonathan Swift, Eubie Blake and a total of 74 individuals who either achieved their goals or were recognized for them in later life.
''The potatoes are small, so they have to be hand-harvested.''
Even committed Republicans must have been made uncomfortable by that absurd lament.
JESSE'S WORD OF THE DAY For the linguists and otherwise word-obsessed.
Weather forecasters tracked the plodding yet potent hurricane as it moved northward along the Atlantic coast at about 16 miles per hour.
''Genocide is certainly not the only historical interpretation,'' said Peter N. Stearns, vice president for teaching at the American Historical Association in Washington.
But he had no catches against the Colts.
Ending what had been an intensely awkward standoff, the Giuliani administration said yesterday that it had come up with $1.2 million to keep 16 child-abuse-prevention programs in the city's Beacon schools from closing.
This morning, there was heavy traffic of plows, tractors and giant snow blowers on the runways.
In addition, UAL said it was talking with Boeing, Airbus Industrie of France and engine manufacturers about an order for narrow-body aircraft, worth about $600 million.
This is still a phenomenon of people, packed together, frequently under rather heroic circumstances.
But unlike the empty formality of the first meeting, the tone of this one was said to be hard-nosed and intense.
W HEN the oceanfront motel was converted to a co-op in 1987, buyers originally paid an average of $70,000 for motel rooms some as small as 144 square feet.
Mr. Soto, who goes by the nickname Chemo, but is now being called "Chemo Jones" for his Indiana Jones-like exploits, said he has had no choice but to take fears about the Chupacabras seriously, even though he was not exactly sure what he was looking for.
''I suppose they could'' make those reports, Mr. Vecchi said, adding, ''They could also make sure you separate glass from the rest of your rubbish.''
''We should pay people to protect us.''
Today Mr. Geignetter's cannon is silent.
None of the injured officers were hospitalized.
Toy soldiers are, strictly speaking, antique collectibles, such as Britains, valued for their rarity and archaic painting style and rarely "played" with at all.
He graduated from Princeton University.
Northern Electric is one of the 12 regional electricity distributors in England and Wales that privatization brought into existence.
FINISH LINES The weekend peaks today with three more stakes: the Matron for 2-year-old fillies, notably Smart Cat; the Futurity for 2-year-old colts, led by Smoke Glacken, winner of the Hopeful at Saratoga and already the leading candidate for the Kentucky Derby, and the Jerome, with Distorted Humor and Diligence.
"And there were some seriously troubled, dysfunctional people.
"These Indians are modern Horatio Algers," said Joel Kotkin, a senior fellow at the Pepperdine University Institute for Public Policy in Malibu, Calif. "They're willing to start in marginal and sometimes risky areas that native-born Americans are not interested in going into, and working incredibly long hours."
The company performs mostly in Taiwan; its presence in Manhattan is an event for serious puppeteers, who can take a master class with Hsu Wang, the artistic director.
B9 St. John's forces out Mahoney.
This is unfortunate: whether evolutionary psychology has the goods remains an open question that can only be addressed on its own terms.
When Tele-Communications spun off Liberty Media in 1995, it was actually the second time for such a spinoff.
''I had one issue,'' she said.
Patients who view the tapes, it seems, choose more conservative treatment and have fewer follow-up complaints.
By coincidence, Lawrence Bender, who produced ''Reservoir Dogs'' and ''Pulp Fiction,'' walks in 10 minutes after Mr. Penn orders.
None of these pleasures compare with my recent trip to New York City, when I saw "Rent" one evening and "Bring In da Noise, Bring In da Funk" at the next day's matinee.
Officials who worked in Mr. Dinkins's administration describe the hits as enervating -- so extreme that the administration ultimately proposed folding the academy into the City University system.
The merger agreement specified that Mr. McCullough would take the No.
SHARLEENE SHERWIN Principal, Owner and Founder Montessori Children School Of Long Beach
BEFORE HE BECAME AN actor at the age of 30, Mr. Henriksen led a life of wandering.
PROVINCETOWN Provincetown Repertory Theater (508-487-0600).
Louise (Marianne Denicourt), the daughter of a Swiss financier, arrives in the city freshly discharged from a clinic where she has spent the previous five years in a coma, as the result of an accident.
Harnisch felt good about his slider, which he guessed he threw five or six times.
Without Jordan's magnificent 44-point performance in Game 1, the Knicks could easily have won.
Kevin Kinsella, Sequana's president and chief executive, said in a telephone interview that Sloan-Kettering had insisted on a separate joint venture, rather than a simple collaborative agreement with his company.
Ms. Scott Thomas said she had felt the part was hers after her first screen test with Mr. Fiennes.
Woodhull Doctors Sign Pact The city's Health and Hospitals Corporation has signed a new type of agreement with the doctors who work at Woodhull Hospital, one that demands more cost-effective treatment and pays them only for the work they actually perform.
"In 1993, the first year of our report," Ms. Beck said, "these smaller apartments took 9.8 months from first listing to closing.
The water-soluble fertilizers are also excellent for other container gardens, especially for the small herb garden or those decorative tubs that line the pool decks.
In addition to Anna, a stroller and a carseat, the Leichters were lugging four suitcases, two packed with documents relating to a rights case that Mr. Leichter is litigating.
Stocks closed higher here today, rebounding from a Friday selloff spurred by comments by Alan Greenspan, the Federal Reserve chairman.
I was taught to be heterosexual.
"A vote against Senator Dole will be a vote for open and clean politics in the State of New York."
Restoration needs to continue, as I noticed in the Golden Mosque in the Tilakari Madrasah.
More worrisome for the royal family is the fact that while the elder members, like the Queen Mother and Queen Elizabeth II, rank high in public esteem, the younger ones, especially the heir, Prince Charles, do not.
At each stop, Mr. Dole rather mechanically works his way through his stump speech, proclaiming the importance of experience and the virtues of "honesty, decency and self-reliance," often seeming in a hurry to get it over with.
Zack Marbury, 6-2, junior guard, Lincoln, Brooklyn -- Averaged 28 points last season despite being dubbed as the second coming of Stephon Marbury, his older brother, now with the Minnesota Timberwolves.
PEOPLE should not be surprised when they receive a telephone call or fax from an airplane 30,000 feet over the ocean.
City College announced last week that it would fold the black studies, Jewish studies, Asian studies and Hispanic American-Caribbean studies departments into a larger, more generalized program of ethnic studies that would not have departmental status.
The two wound up being drawn to each other.
At a fund-raising event in Florida in April, Clinton himself acknowledges, "There has been a lot of talk over the last couple of years about what we Democrats stand for, whether it is clear, what is the difference between the two parties, does it matter anymore?"
The Bronx plan, derived from the two-year-old ''Yankee village'' concept, includes $293 million for a stadium facelift, $71 million for adjacent retail and entertainment development, $35 million for renovation of the Bronx Terminal Market, $68 million for traffic and mass transportation improvements and $21 million for enhancements in local parks and other areas.
"You want to have a record of what's happening in case something changes," said Ms. Graham, who teaches science to seventh and eighth graders in Newton, Pa. "That's how they figured out that DDT was causing birds' eggshells to soften."
Finally producing what has become the tardiest state budget in the nation's history, Gov.
When a Business Week journalist got some of them in September, Bankers Trust asked the court to stop the magazine from using the documents in its article.
Initially, you may prefer to park on the street and see how bad -- or good -- things are.
''We see dictatorship approaching,'' said Valentin F. Golubev, 41, a historian.
Earlier, he set up Ulf Samuelsson and Niklas Sundstrom in the same fashion.
In Schumann's "Liederkreis," the baritone was accompanied by the pianist Charles Wadsworth, who was being honored for his 20 years (1969-89) as the organization's founding director.
Both had parents who were active in local politics, though Ms. Wittig's father was a Conservative Party stalwart while Mr. Hinchey's helped form the local Democratic Party.
Ms. Goldstein also found rare books, which are also on display, that tell why and how to build the birdhouses.
Burgers ($3.75 to $5.75) and other simple dishes are reliable, but the kitchen packs some surprising daily specials, like excellent fresh salmon cakes, sauteed until the edges are crisp and served with dill sauce ($11.75).
If Mr. Clinton wins a landslide victory based solely on his domestic policies, he will be free to interpret this as a landslide for his foreign policy initiatives as well, in which case the U.S. public could be in for a few surprises.
Raines, who stole his first base as a Yankee in the fourth inning, was replaced by pinch-runner Gerald Williams in the fifth because of a tight right hamstring.
If she bought the parts for a transmitter, the mysterious caller wanted to know, could she use them to build a mobile radio station in the heart of Mexico City?
But there was a time when the Boston Marathon, and the Olympic marathon every four years, was pretty much the only place where long-distance runners could find a formal course of exactly 26 miles and 385 yards and some spectators willing to watch them.
Mickey Mantle's slamming a bus window on kids, Billy Martin's barroom brawling, George Steinbrenner's buying pennants in the 70's and now holding New York City hostage for a sweetheart stadium deal.
No one at Comedy Central seems to be worried about a shortage of material, no matter how scripted the conventions might be.
In this country, the condition primarily afflicts an estimated 80,000 African Americans and 1 in 12 black babies is born with a genetic tendency for passing on the disease.
There are consequences to giving birth and to adopting children.
A thick aroma of spices canopies the air, and imports from India, like the muslin-wrapped, bell-shaped cakes of brown sugar known as jaggery, add to the exotic feel of the place.
With awards to both "Spitfire Grill" and a film that praises SCUM, Sundance shouldn't worry too much about being labeled.
Officer Allen fired at the armed suspect, who then fled.
NASAL INHALERS Medicine enters the bloodstream faster when it is inhaled through the lungs.
At 12, he won a scholarship to study piano at that city's Peabody Institute of Music.
And designers and retailers saw little reason to believe that women in 1996 would not continue their ascent in the workplace and continue to demand the expensive, complicated armor that went with it.
Brave words from someone with his share of financial ups and downs, most recently when an appeals court ordered him to repay $1.35 million in fees to a former client, the estate of Andy Warhol.
Most of his later books were collaborations, principally with David Bird.
But the police said the firefighter became caught up in the argument, which began with words and fists, when he tried to defuse it.
Nov. 6 -- Eleven-night voyage from San Juan to Acapulco, calling at St. Thomas, Aruba, Curacao and Caldera.
*Give taxpayers 30 days' notice before the I.R.S.
No region of Africa is poorer, and economic experts have recently begun to focus on illiteracy, especially among girls, as a reason that could rival arid weather and infertile soils in importance.
Elliott Abrams, who was Assistant Secretary of State for Inter-American Affairs at the height of the war, noted that the Nicaraguan Government has already received more than $2 billion from the United States, some of it intended to aid the former guerrillas.
Because anything you do all day long, you're going to master after a while.''
Her father is a cardiologist in private practice in Haddonfield.
''Those of us who refuse to define ourselves as Serbs or Croats or Muslims no longer have a place in Bosnia,'' said Liljana Kljakic, a 28-year-old Serb from Sarajevo who joined the Muslim-led Bosnian Army during the war and whose father was killed in Sarajevo by a Serbian grenade.
Thousands of winter sport enthusiasts were denied entrance to Yosemite National Park in California and to Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming.
It's a practice Valentine used in Japan because of the language barrier and continued this season in Norfolk.
Not a few prudent owners have traded off a case of rare Bordeaux or California cabernet for two, three or four cases of wine for drinking.
"Last year we had valedictorians not accepted by the Ivies."
Probably the prime example of someone who won an Oscar for being sick was Elizabeth Taylor for "Butterfield 8" in 1960.
Police officials said it was a mystery to them why Officer Rodriguez made up his story.
They think it's going to go up more, but there's only so much oil I can put in a tank.''
"I think there's a big difference," he said at a stop in Manchester.
Naturally I'm disappointed at losing, but I'm still proud of Cigar and our entire team that worked with him.
But buying New World will give News Corporation access to all of the company's cash flow.
With three schools near the expressway, Mr. Koblenz said, there is concern about how the work is to be done.
Last year he sailed his Laser, a 14-foot dinghy, to a gold medal at the United States Olympic festival, a preliminary competition before the Olympic trials beginning in April in Savannah.
"Public school teachers, who accept reports on witches, forbid students from writing reports on Jesus," Mr. Hyde said.
Hawaii Maritime Center, (808) 536-6373, Pier 7, Honolulu Harbor.
"I'm not going to leave that at the door when I become Mayor of the City of New York," Mr. Giuliani said on Friday.
3 3 SONG OF SOLOMON, by Toni Morrison.
In the planning for nearly two years, the offensive mixes traditional undercover "buy and bust" sweeps to remove dealers from the streets with an assortment of new computer-assisted tactics, including a crackdown on credit-card fraud and cloned cellular phones as an indirect way to apprehend midlevel and big-time dealers.
penalty is waived, however, if the money is needed because of death or disability.
If he eventually joins them -- and at the moment he is distinctly uninvited -- then they have a slim chance of success, even though a final settlement is hard to envision.
That Reeves and George Young, the Giants' general manager, work together like ice and heat.
He doesn't have to be the big expert; he can listen.''
The first hundred pages of his book are rich in scare statistics.
"We went from having a video and radio play right back to working at the Amoco gas station writing rhymes in the booth."
But could a tardy caucus-goer see or hear a news bulletin before entering the session, thereby influencing the outcome?
-------------------- Marchibroda Could Leave 1 INDIANAPOLIS, Feb. 7 (AP) -- Ted Marchibroda and the Indianapolis Colts are at "ground zero" in their contract talks, and the team says he's free to look for another job.
Those "advancements" were the digital compact cassette and the minidisk.
(AP) CANADIENS 4, STARS 2: Andrei Kovalenko scored off a rebound with 15 minutes 2 seconds to play to snap a tie and added an empty-netter with 31 seconds left to lead Montreal over Dallas.
1 78 (<0) THE SEVEN HABITS OF HIGHLY EFFECTIVE PEOPLE, by Stephen R. 2 245 Covey.
It just isn't the suburbs and isn't the turnpike or the Garden State.''
Since the party has only 235 of 435 seats, 18 defections could spell defeat, so all groups have to be petted and cosseted.
They too are entitled to due process in an open trial.
And the doomed plane had been forced to return to airports seven times in the last two years for safety problems.
MISS AMERICA, by Howard Stern.
But they have made hardly a ripple in the consumer market, if only because even the most basic cameras have been priced above $500 until recently.
When it comes to public health issues like smoking, the state's role is usually to establish minimum standards, giving the localities leeway to impose tougher rules if they wish.
indicated yesterday that he shared in the frustration of many.
But their marriage -- a nexis of youngish fashion, media, politics and celebrity -- has already set off speculation about which Manhattan social circles, if any, they will choose for themselves.
It's like coming into my bedroom.''
The plan, which officials are scrambling to release before the end of the year, will call for the decentralization of the child welfare bureaucracy, which could result in stationing city caseworkers in schools, hospitals or police precincts, according to several people who have been consulted or worked on the plan.
He added, "I do not believe that the New York City Police Department ought to be identified by personality."
The bacterium, first recognized as a pathogen in the United States in 1982, lives in the intestines of cattle.
It's just part of pitching.
Like it or not, he'll be eligible to join the American Association of Retired Persons (800 424-3410), 35 million members strong and one of the most effective lobbying groups in Washington.
She wore a blue skirt she bought herself at a local pro shop, she wore blue polish on her nails, and, to complete the color scheme, Jennifer Capriati wore a moderately blue expression this afternoon after being dismissed by Gabriela Sabatini, 6-1, 6-4, in the fourth round of the Lipton Championships.
Why does he specifically invoke the term "America first," when it is so intimately tied to anti-Semitism?
Working with him was the defining period of her career.
They've got a great mix of talent, grinders and solid goaltending.
I have to try to understand that the man who wrote Esthetic Prose extolling the model of the 17th-century English parson, and rondels in the manner of Ronsard, was writing about Little Girtie Ginger at the same time.
An outsized cardboard copy of the book's black-and-gold dust jacket sits on his office desk.
The lease, in excess of 10 years, was valued at more than $21 million.
(Though no one has reported seeing them race about the woods after nibbling the leaves or berries.)
As a result of this editorial structure, as well as cost-saving strategies in the production, marketing and distribution of materials, Scholars Press has been able to offer short-run books at relatively low prices.
But Dr. Grossman believes that science can do for teen-age suicide and homicide what it has done for childhood deaths in automobile crashes.
Visiting Gentlemen In a marriage of true minds, the Globe in London will send Shakespeare's ''Two Gentlemen of Verona'' to the New Victory Theater for a limited run, from Jan. 12 to Jan. 26.
"This was my decision completely."
At another point in this early screenplay of Mr. Jordan's, which has far less edge than his recent writing, Collins and Boland discuss the short but glorious life of a butterfly.
Mann said he planned to break in, and use, Johnson in ''situations,'' for now.
"I went to the Hudson County university of politics," he said.
In the most recent quarter, a charge of $9 million, or 4 cents a share, for the redemption of debt resulted in net income of $107 million, or 47 cents a share.
Magellan, the company's biggest fund, gained 36.8 percent last year, handily beating most of its competitors in the growth-fund sector.
Certainly myself and those two guys have been playing the longest together.
*Hal Holbrook will play Kate Nelligan's father in Wendy Wasserstein's ''American Daughter,'' which begins performances at the Cort Theater on March 13.
For the moment, though, Senator Dole himself has combined three measures -- the minimum-wage increase, repeal (for this year) of the 4.3-cent-a-gallon gasoline tax increase enacted three years ago and an obscure piece of labor legislation -- in one grab-bag amendment to a bill that would pay legal expenses for dismissed employees of the White House travel office.
''I'm not sure all ghosts like 'Dixie.'
A pair of wool slacks can be bought for $6.
A SIMPLE tomato sauce, often marinara bolstered with garlic and basil, is likely to be the partner most frequently selected for pasta.
But the Essex County Superior Court judge, Donald S. Coburn, declared the New Jersey law a violation of the State Constitution.
LEGISLATION VETOED Would have removed Spring Valley tolls on the New York State Thruway.
The vendors and the homeless who pass their days in the square of downtown Lagos, where the play is set, greet this searchlight of a morning with a jangling assortment of responses: hope, wonder, cynicism and an apocalyptic sense of fear.
Navistar included the announcement of layoffs halfway down a news release about its spending plans.
He hurt a lot of people.
The judge said he was being especially harsh on Mr. Medina because he believed a man of his social standing and education should have known better -- an ironic conclusion, as Mr. Medina's accusations were at first dismissed by the political class here because he was not from the Bogota aristocracy.
Is all this loss, all this grit unbecoming?
Her eldest son, Tom, who is her sales manager, is out in the showroom now with eager buyers from Ireland.
Detroit's Dumars tied it in 1994 and McCloud made 10 3-pointers in a game for Dallas earlier this season.
I about died, my heart was pounding so hard.
In Switzerland, Bruno Giussani downloaded a few pages of the book partly out of curiosity and partly for the boasting rights of ownership.
Why not redesign jobs so they offer workers an intellectual challenge and a greater degree of control?
Here are some of their thoughts on acting, with a special nod to Shakespeare's 1595 comic celebration of love -- obsessive, possessive and otherwise.
CHILDREN'S COMEDY The 39-year-old Paper Bag Players' newest production is touted to be perfect for ages 4 through 9, but it is no secret that parents, grandparents, nannies and friends and relatives of any age have a very good time while accompanying their young charges to a performance.
The plane restarted and returned to the gate, she said.
He played good defense on Piston shooting guard Allan Houston, whipped the ball around the perimeter in the halfcourt offense and made the game-winning shot -- a 17-footer from the right baseline with 28.9 seconds left.
Father Castle wonders if he ever uttered that in Jersey City, because he says he doesn't truly believe it.
Much to his mother's disappointment, he resolved early on to become a lawyer.
Prime Minister Major also campaigned in the Thames Valley pointedly noting his humble origins in working-class Brixton and telling his listeners, ''We will not abandon you.''
And yet he hung on the bench like a wall painting during the fourth quarter of the Nets' unflattering season opener Friday night.
And Keystone Manufacturing, in nearby Schuylkill, said it sold 1,400 coal stoves last year, double the number in 1990.
Gooden promised Steinbrenner that he will not discuss the movie for the duration of the season.
A10 For the first time, aid will include contraceptives.
I've never seen so many people following one group before.''
According to the confidential Securities and Exchange Commission report released in court this week, Mr. D'Amato was given "atypical" treatment by the Long Island brokerage house, Stratton Oakmont Inc., that parceled out the Computer Marketplace goodies.
Her father owns Apollo, a manufacturer of overhead projectors and other presentation equipment in Ronkonkoma, L.I.
"Wekiva Springs ran a great race," Mott said, "but wasn't good enough to beat Cigar.
For all his flaws, Mr. Yeltsin has shown great courage in defense of democracy.
They simply say that we should be wary -- and not put our hopes for the policy too high.
Primestar TCI, the company's satellite direct broadcast service, had 552,000 customers at the end of the year, up from 101,000 a year earlier.
The Yankees were 0 for 4 with runners in scoring position and 1 for 12 with runners on base.
The other two are "Sleeping Nude With Flowers," a colorful 1932 painting in which the lavender-tinted body of Picasso's mistress Marie-Therese Walter is surrounded by flowers, and the somber "Girl Asleep at a Table," a 1936 night scene in grays and blacks showing the interior of an attic room lighted by a suspended bulb, a device repeated the next year in the famous mural "Guernica."
Before the Millers even started, the counselor at the fertility clinic had told them that their chances of a successful pregnancy would not improve after four in vitro efforts.
Shares of DS Bancor rose $2.25, to $40.625, and Webster slipped 50 cents, to $34.75.
It's kind of calming to have someone very authoritative.
Two detectives went to Memphis on Friday and stayed until Monday.
Route 287 is the dividing line between the rural communities and the more urban cities in the lower half of the county, and the way fires are handled is completely different.
Iranian-backed guerrillas of Hezbollah, or the Party of God, also fired more Katyusha rockets into northern Israel, bringing to more than 500 the number of salvos they have launched since a simmering clash between the two sides exploded into warfare on April 11 with the military operation Israel has named Grapes of Wrath.
''It was originally designed to hire good factory inspectors, but other vocations need it, like detectives, claims investigation or scientific research.''
Louis Carbonetti Sr. was about to be hired by Mr. Sarant to help carry out the welfare contracts when the Mayor canceled them, several current and former members of Hanac say.
The Democratic Party wants to create a $10,000 tax deduction for families to help pay for education after high school.
Its combined real estate and personal property tax on an assessment of $20.65 million was $826,864 in 1994.
"Communities don't want composting of grass clippings near them," Ms. Shigo said.
Dianne Feinstein Senator Senator Dianne Feinstein of California was elected in 1992 to the last two years of a term, then won a hard-fought election in 1994 against Michael Huffington, a wealthy oilman.
"We put the corporate sponsors in touch with the two providers and told them to cut their best deal," Mr. McLaughlin added.
For a period and a half.
According to the United Nations Association, 14 peacekeeping projects are in process.
Mr. Joyner brought gifts from his own 14-year-old daughter: one of the original Atlanta 1996 pins minted when the city was announced as the site of the summer games, and a Teddy bear dressed in stars and stripes and carrying a balloon saying "You're Awesome."
In November, Gartner bought Dataquest, a market research firm, for $65 million.
There is logic in thinking that Washington will not be unhappy with the prospect of a government in Kabul that may limit Iranian influence in Central Asia, particularly since that government has unimpeachably Islamic credentials.
Prosecutors say Hernandez, who was released from jail on bond yesterday, gave an undercover drug enforcement agent a $2,960 down payment on a contract to kill Irvin.
Its local and state election coverage has consistently drawn high praise, and Mr. Jobes calls it "a hallmark" of NJN's programming.
Other sweets displaying the same captivating contrasts of flavors, textures and temperatures are the blood orange sorbet set atop a warm pool of berries and their juices, and a hollow Granny Smith apple filled with hot sauteed apples and a scoop of cinnamon ice cream.
Mr. Grossman, who speaks fluent Arabic, was attacked as well as praised for the book, but it became a part of the internal Israeli debate, and then a touchstone for a similar, though more hushed, debate among Jews living outside Israel.
Those owners are, of course, primarily the middle class and rich.
You needed a long wire on your roof for an antenna and a water pipe for a ground.
"I've never needed to use my insurance for my car or my house.
I said to myself: What's going on here?
But Corretja kept on coming, and Sampras had to pump out a service winner to nullify a second set point.
In 1994, the New Jersey drug industry shed about 2.8 percent of its total jobs, and in 1995 it lost another 4.3 percent, state figures show.
"I'm not looking for a job.
And those letters, most carrying the signature of Mr. Wilson, one of the first leading public figures to endorse the professors' drive, have more than doubled the money collected for the petition campaign, to more than $1 million.
The Bradys, who spoke in support of gun control laws at the Democratic National Convention last summer, said they remain Republicans but frequently cross party lines to endorse candidates who support gun control legislation.
Out here you can't do that."
It may be sold in a paper cup at a corner vendor, or in a plain glass at a mom and pop restaurant.
The evening's piece de resistance was a collection of drugstore artifacts, Early Rexall Period: medicine bottles, framed signs, wire soda-fountain stools and even a display rack that, Mr. Kaiser insisted with feigned sincerity, "was brought here by somebody who once actually saw Jackie Kennedy."
Anatolia identified one American on board as James Richard Walton; his hometown was not immediately available.
The Layla chefs have retooled it, replacing the pigeon with lobster, the eggs with rice, yogurt and ginger, the nuts with shreds of carrots.
Only Ms. Keaton has reaped success recently, starring with Steve Martin in "Father of the Bride, Part II."
At Tikra, a village outside the town of Jais, about 50 miles south of Lucknow, villagers who gathered around the well at dusk murmured excitedly at the mention of the Gandhis.
"Most of the people in my car were on the floor" after the crash, he told The Associated Press.
"I've dedicated 35 years, my entire adult life, to this game and this league, and I think it is imperative that the N.B.A.
This is in sharp contrast to the largely stoic demeanor of the departed Don Shula, the National Football League's all-time winningest coach.
It became a Bronx Community College building, a public school, and was for two years a vacant and dilapidated property.
"Thirty and 40 years ago, people were making excuses for this behavior," he said.
Appearing as themselves, four actresses of the New York stage sit for their portraits.
On second thought, I began to grow indignant on behalf of the underprivileged masses who have to spend their lives looking in at the park from the outside, like the Little Match Girl.
MARIE-THERESE STESSENS, head of a Doctors Without Borders effort to improve Romania's orphanages.
This season, for instance, only eight new plays will have opened on Broadway by the season's end on May 1.
Cheered by a supportive crowd at the Jack Nicklaus Sports Center, Agassi, the Olympic gold medalist, had an answer for every problem posed by the left-handed Austrian.
Several guides, he added, had gone out of business as a result of the ban.
But it is also the heroic travel of the student who sweeps through nations with the loping gait of Gulliver and the imperial gaze of Caesar: to come and to see is somehow to possess.
Sunday will be tough to stay away from.
Escaping from the Center, with Sydney in perpetual pursuit, occasionally in a Yale University sweatshirt, Jarod assumes different identities in his unending quest to help humanity.
But when customers bring in cars that have alternative refrigerants, the substances are often pulled into recycling machines, where they taint the supply of pure Freon.
And yet, the evidence of the last two seasons points to a slower gestation period in the multi-channel era.
1 pick in the N.B.A.
Judy Norsigian, a panel member who is co-director of the Boston Women's Health Book Collective, an advocacy group, said many such organizations for women and patients still opposed changes that would limit the right to sue or damages that can be collected.
The investigation is focusing on a campaign debt owed to Mr. Pataki's two principal political consultants, Arthur J. Finkelstein, the pollster and political strategist, and Russo, Marsh & Associates, campaign media consultants.
It was nearly three decades ago that Arab leaders meeting in Khartoum, the Sudan, after the 1967 war with Israel took a stand known as the three no's -- "no recognition, no negotiation, no peace."
Customers like Ms. Behler described the process as uncomfortable but not painful.
"There was some question as to whether this bill would be slowed down because of amendments."
Li and his twin brother, Li Dashuang, who did not qualify for these Olympics, were brought into the centralized Chinese system based in Beijing.
Officer Del-Debbio said he paused, but Officer Robinson kept coming at him.
The decision to refuse all journalists permission to enter the philosophy faculty building was not made by the students, but by the heads of the faculty.
Drafted by the Los Angeles Clippers -- the second player chosen over all -- Ferry opted to play in Italy rather than for the plodding Clippers.
He bought many of the albums after he left Manfred Mann in the late 1960's.
Cordero trains 18 horses out of Barn 37 at Belmont Park.
Her first huge event came about when a friend of her husband's, the Texas real-estate magnate Trammel Crow, called Betty Ford and asked her to be the guest of honor at the first annual Komen luncheon.
She has refused all invitations to appear with her opponents in debates or at other forums.
''People are trying to do more than they should,'' Glenn said, echoing Murrell.
CBS's lawyers said they were concerned that Brown & Williamson would argue that in interviewing Mr. Wigand and in promising to pay his legal fees if he was sued by the company, the network had induced him to break the agreement.
''That has made all the difference,'' she said in another news conference, discussing family communications.
New York: Harcourt Brace & Company.
One of the 19th-century brick mill buildings now serves as the town hall.
They remain rapt and earnest even when some of the film's frantic minor players might as well be speaking in tongues.
Yet, Ms. Stoner does not view her child as one of those at risk.
And if we want to make this area a national destination we realize that we need to promote the sites -- not just the bigger properties, which are better endowed, but the smaller nonprofits that fewer people know about.
The girls, Courtnie Joy Christensen, 10, and Jaylynn Joy Mangum, 8, arrived in Salt Lake City today with their mother, Gloria Ward, who had left the Freemen compound with them and her husband, Elwyn Ward.
"Take that yacht scene on Collins Avenue," just south of here, Mr. Uehlein said.
By altering financial records, Mr. Smith said in an interview, officials covered up the diversion of money from environmental compliance programs or other mandates of Congress and "used the money wherever they wanted to."
The book follows "The Unretouched Woman" (1976), "Flashback!
Back in 1976, when Langan's opened, understanding business principles wasn't enough.
"They were teaching people where to hit and when to hit," he said.
Montreal was lucky that the score was still 2-2 early in the second, when the Canadiens killed off 1:22 of a 5-on-3 Devils advantage.
These new paintings are again based on photographs, and each has been painted in one day, like a kind of exercise.
The figures suggest that the mix is changing.
''In a small company, you can't afford to set up a pension plan because then you have to do it for everyone,'' Mr. Gray said.
That enables more subscribers to use a network, which should translate to lower costs for operators and lower prices for consumers.
Commentators credited him with considerable success as such prominent Democrats as Senator Albert Gore Sr. of Tennessee, father of the current Vice President, went down to defeat.
The new hotel in Vinings was immediately filled with the delegation from the Russian Olympic Committee and the downtown building has been turned into the Centennial Gateway Pavilion, a marketplace and eatery with a staff of about 220 people at a prime location just down the street from Centennial Olympic Park.
DETROIT PISTONS -- Placed Mark Macon, guard, on the injured list.
When you have periodontal disease, even eating an apple or brushing your teeth can release bacteria and their toxins into the bloodstream.''
The amendment would also lock these corporate tax giveaways into law in perpetuity and frustrate efforts to help control entitlement spending, including Social Security, by trimming benefits and raising taxes on higher-income families.
By the turn of the century, a new generation of deeper-draft ships is expected to bring goods from Asia to the East Coast.
Even more so today, men are wearing steel-and-gold watches and gold bracelet watches more than they are strap watches.
Salo's other shutout came against the Capitals two weeks ago.
Torre, however, shouldn't hold his breath.
''And a cake plate just isn't the same thing at all,'' said Carol Dirahoui, whose collection of old stands sparked a new career.
His opponents are saying not-so-nice things about him.
Rita Simon, University Professor of Public Affairs and Law at American University, who has researched the effects of publicity on jurors, said the Oklahoma City bombing case was the first one in which she has felt that a change of venue was absolutely necessary.
After leaving high school, he moved to Greenwich Village and for several years held odd jobs, moved from apartment to apartment, took acting classes and performed in basements.
"So what you guys got me talking for so long?"
Bishop Fabian Bruskewitz of Lincoln ordered Catholics to quit 12 proscribed groups, including Planned Parenthood, Call to Action and Catholics for a Free Choice, by Wednesday or face excommunication.
In fact, he accomplished that feat in the Expos' first 70 games.
Now its power has exploded through the courtesy of foreign trade.
Neumann went home for the weekend, and soon received a call from the Governor of Wisconsin, Tommy G. Thompson.
Boris Yeltsin knows his re-election hopes depend greatly on ending the war, and the Chechen resistance surely must realize that further warfare can only compound the misery of the Chechen people.
Driving instruction, especially on congested city streets, requires patience and awareness on the part of both student and teacher.
At dinner, appetizers $5 to $9; entrees $14 to $23.
PHOTO PORTRAITS A photographic portrait of David Niven from 1982, caught in a soulful mood by Dmitri Kasterine, is on view with other celebrity portraits that typify the photographer's method of "waiting for the time when they don't put on their public, polite face."
By the time she had blinked the salt from her eyes, she could hear my father saying, ''What the hell was that?''
People with mental disorders are 2.7 times as likely to have a drug abuse disorder as someone in the rest of the population, he said, and those with substance abuse problems are 4.5 times as likely to have mental disorders.
In revenge, I produced the vanity press recollections of a Middle Western utilities executive notable for its range of platitude and the absence of the personal.
Another sticking point, prosecutors said, was National Waste's plan to hire three top executives of the Ponte companies to manage the takeover company.
Someone told Ms. Peabody that the building's sponsor had contacted the tenant, then in her 80's, and re-offered the apartment -- which the woman supposedly had again declined.
It was just another call on an overnight shift that proved, when it ended yesterday morning, to have been unusually quiet for two of the busiest companies in one of the city's poorest, most fire-prone neighborhoods.
He attacked the President today for inviting a delegation from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe to inspect the election results.
The ministry's other main roles are collecting taxes and allocating the nation's budget among other ministries and agencies.
Still, a deal was not imminent, these people said.
Several parents and board members elected on the Children First slate said they were glad the Chancellor was looking into the district.
So if the company proved to be the moneymaker that Wall Street so clearly hoped for, every two-bit operator could open a competitor down the street.
One of its first campaigns was a widespread vaccination program against diseases such as yaws and tuberculosis.
Before the Government moved to have him released last week, Sheik Rashid, a Muslim League member of Parliament who had shocked even his own party with his vituperative and often vulgar attacks on Ms. Bhutto, served 18 months of a seven-year jail term imposed after a police search ordered by the Government uncovered an unlicensed assault rifle in his home, hardly an unusual possession here.
So instead, I turned against them first."
Pro football, an unforgiving sport, can also be redemptive.
"He said 'yes' in 15 minutes," said Nicholas Brady, then the United States Treasury Secretary.
In Austria the Freedom Party's leader, Jorg Haider, has expressed admiration for veterans of the Nazi SS.
The foundation and McNeil, a unit of Johnson & Johnson, did not admit to wrongdoing in agreeing to the settlement, which included prohibitions against making similar claims in future ads and provisions for refunds upon request.
Family of black Mayor descended from slaves and family of white Mayor descended from slaveholders, becoming more and more intertwined in the 20th century as they give shape to what is widely considered the South's most progressive city?
''He seems to be the guy who has the confidence of both sides.''
The harbor seals, weighing about 160 pounds, are most plentiful, and the larger grays, up to 350 pounds, are also well represented.
Whatever the outcome of the criminal charges, the female officer may also face disciplinary charges, said department officials, speaking on condition of anonymity.
But the obligatory hike is the cardiovascular climb to the church and monastery of San Francesco, a friary since 1399.
Mallory, 61, who will remain coach through the end of the season, has a 67-76-3 record at Indiana since 1984.
And it serves as an instant referendum on the actions of Government policy makers, forcing them to face up to potentially costly mistakes much faster than before.
But neighborhood leaders began to complain that they didn't see as many uniformed cops on the beat anymore only weeks after Mr. Giuliani took office.
''Just because you play on a Super Bowl team does not make you a great individual player.
I leave it up to the Senator here.
''This is the deal that we wanted,'' he said.
''It's everything you would ever want from a residential community.''
Mike Espy, the former Agriculture Secretary, grew up a few blocks from Mr. Barbour in Yazoo City, Miss., and said of his friend, "The drawl might be slow, but the mind is quick."
''I think the stuff is very good -- technically very good.
Earlier in the day at the paper-clip company, Mr. Dole had pretty much left it at that.
The Mayor said he was helping Mr. Murdoch protect local jobs, pointing out that the headquarters of the Fox News Channel are in Manhattan.
Elsewhere in the region, a few businesses were enjoying a storm windfall, of sorts.
Especially in the American Conference East, where it should be even tougher with Jimmy Johnson now coaching the Dolphins.
While many of their peers are wary, if not terrified, of marriage as if it were a kind of bleach that permanently takes the color out of life, the couple became engaged last fall while sitting on a park bench in Paris.
''On economic policy, he was one of the early ones to move toward the free market in a country that had been locked into the socialist myth,'' Mr. Wriggins said.
The deal, which will allow USAir to streamline its fleet of about 400 aircraft and reduce costs, includes orders for single-aisle Airbus A319, A320 and A321 models, the airline said.
According to Tim Raines, who joined Pat Kelly, Andy Fox and Jose Cardenal, the Yankees' first-base coach, in hitting against Cone, nothing will be handed to Cone, because he is on the verge of snatching it.
In July, the companies that are being sued, Baxter Healthcare and Bristol-Myers, asked the judge to exclude the scientific testimony from the plaintiffs' witnesses on the grounds that it was not based in science.
A Congressman's love affairs, the abortion wars and medical mayhem played out in Washington.
''As soon as my father came home from work, he said: 'Get yourself ready.
At minimum, the ''childhood vaccinations'' -- diphtheria, tetanus and whooping cough -- should be boosted.
Mr. Starr is investigating whether some contributions from that fund-raising event actually came from Madison deposits and were laundered through dummy contributors.
Some of the new or revived stores have bank branches and many more of the new stores planned are expected to include banking facilities.
It would be $150,000 next year, then $170,000 in 1998 and $200,000 in each of the three years after that.
"A Republican Congress is not about to just go out and do a free-standing increase in taxes," one high-ranking Congressional official said.
The cashier pulls a paper off the stack and slaps it down on the counter.
People involved in the film say the faux-documentary style was chosen as the best way to fulfill Mr. Hexter's ambition to create, often with droll humor, a portrait of a town as a mosaic of voices.
Robert protests the effort to reveal himself with words.
Beyond the maniacal control, the intensity of the father's vituperative silence toward his once-favorite daughter remained a cipher; he disowned her, returned all her letters unopened in care of Robert Browning, and refused to acknowledge the couple's only child.
It was barely a business and hardly a career.
Belgium, France and the United States told their nationals whose work is not vital to leave Burundi on the flights and the United Nations also wants to pull out all non-essential staff.
Jeffrey G. Bell, a managing director of Russell Reynolds Associates, an executive-recruitment firm, predicted bonuses this year would increase by an average of 30 percent.
Mr. Wiseman's Zipporah Films worked with several French organizations, including Sept/Art and the Centre National de la Cinematographie.
There are still the not-for-profits, and they're always doing it; I think more of them are doing it now.''
Victor Smith, a United States Navy chaplain, took part in the ceremony.
The Iraqi attackers arrived in several hundred tanks early Saturday morning, surrounding Erbil and cutting off escape routes, the workers said.
Rounding out the field with less money and even less name recognition are the following candidates: *Frank McRight, 56, a Mobile corporate lawyer who has been endorsed by several newspapers as the embodiment of integrity and of a citizen lawmaker.
Westchester Community College is now the largest college in the county, with 20,000 credit and noncredit students.
The Czech health authorities and the Czech press have refrained from discussing the survival rate of patients with lung cancer, although it was suspected that Mr. Havel had lung cancer when he was admitted to the hospital last Monday.
(AP) CHANG BREEZES: Michael Chang, in his first tournament in three weeks, started with an ace and won the first nine games yesterday in a 6-0, 6-3 first-round victory over Dennis Van Scheppingen in the Singapore Open.
JOEL D. WEINER, Virgo guy Overheard in a Chelsea gym, two groaning guys between bench presses.
Nobody had time to look back because they were too busy looking ahead.
His two codefendants, Abdul Hakim Murad and Wali Khan Amin Shah, listened intently to his performance but showed no inclination to follow his example.
He was 92 and had lived in Miami Shores, Fla., since moving from Brookline, Mass., in the 1970's.
Next month, she is to become an associate at Roberts, Carroll, Feldstein & Pierce, a Providence law firm.
The new Gateway Web TV personal computer is designed around a 31-inch monitor, is priced at $3,500 to $4,000 and is also customized for connecting to the Internet.
The plan, which is part of the budget bill, would replace most existing subsidies with an annual payment to farmers equal to most of the money they are receiving under various programs now.
The district covers all of Hunterdon County and parts of Mercer, Middlesex, Monmouth and Somerset counties.
But before the first hour passed, everyone was talking about Congress instead.
Given Mr. Master's involvement in the wine business it is no surprise that the selection here is unusual and special, with a wine list of about 50 entries, at prices ranging from the mid teens to over $100.
The boxes transmit directly to the Dutchess County Department of Mental Hygiene's help line.
The victim was treated at Brookdale Hospital for severe head injuries and was transferred on March 20 to a rehabilitation center in upstate New York.
Rather, he said, CBS had found in focus groups, consisting largely of young suburban women, that they had turned to cable in search of programs for their families because they did not find network programs in tune with their values.
One man, Darius Milhaud, will be part of what would otherwise be the all-female roster of Elena Ruehr, Rosa Rivas, Elisenda Fabregas, Joan Tower, Stefania de Kenessev and Bunita Marcus.
One day a drunken fall lands him in the hospital with a head wound and he finds himself befriended by a social worker who treats him with a pitying kindness that is as demeaning as it is well-intentioned.
"We're growing and working hard -- but we're the ones they're after."
He, too, is likely to have met resistance by club members who feel he is too flamboyant.
Although Mr. Achuthan is helping to found Hayground, he said, he will not teach there in the fall.
A4 DECISIVE BATTLE IN AFGHANISTAN Fundamentalist Islamic rebels have begun a battle against one of their last remaining rivals that could prove to be the decisive encounter of the Afghan war.
Once, in 1973, he got to march in front, as grand marshal.
After coordinated attacks across southern Mexico late in August, the rebels refrained from further military actions and disappeared except for a few press releases delivered to Mexican news organizations.
''It was real hard to focus.
Ms. Kushnick became a campaigner in the fight against the disease.
When Mr. Helms took control of the committee, Republicans and Democrats thought he might use his chairmanship as effectively as the late Sen. William Fullbright, a Democrat of Arkansas, who forced changes in Administration policy during the Vietnam War through high-profile committee hearings and aggressive use of the committee's investigative powers.
''And if the leadership and the will to connect is there, then being a few thousand yards from the center of the campus, that's not the issue.''
Rivera and Wetteland have been sensational this season in powering the Yankees to the second-best bullpen (25-21, 4.10 earned run average) in the league, so it was no revelation when the setup man twirled four and two-thirds hitless innings and the closer saved Games 3 and 4.
While many spurn the first row, Ms. Dorfman prefers it.
But now he has adopted the tax-cut philosophy whole hog.
And now, and more important, he can add a dunk, followed by his 12-foot jumper to ruin the Knicks in the final minute of Game 4 last night.
A self-professed "political animal," he aligns himself with liberation theology, the radical left wing of Catholicism, where politics and religion meet.
Dr. Vogelstein said that problems with the p53 gene are related to half of all human cancers and are found in up to 70 percent of lung cancers.
''They build their own institutions and their own bureaucracies, displace the Federal Government as primary decision maker on the reservations and then just do it themselves.''
Everyone says the same thing about Mr. Lawrence: He's endearing, courtly, a bearish man who's gentle to the point of reticence.
A poll published by The Boston Globe this week found Mr. Buchanan with 16 percent of the vote, trailing Senator Bob Dole and Steve Forbes.
He had taken down a mirror and hurled it at her, too, and when he had tried to arrest Mr. Rivers, Officer Guidice fell on the glass and severed the main artery in his thigh.
''The North Korean statement is one that the people of the Republic of Korea can accept, because it recognizes the incident, apologizes and promises to prevent a recurrence,'' Foreign Minister Yoo Chong Ha said on South Korean television tonight.
The first report also recommended local planning and zoning standards to prevent congestion and sprawl, many of which were adopted by New Jersey's municipalities between the 1920's and the 1960's.
The two men will be questioned by the United Nations tribunal to determine whether they should stand trial.
The winner of the last five Slams she's played, Graf elevated her Grand Slam total to 20, just four short of Margaret Court's record.
The Lakers, meanwhile, have won three straight, are six games over .500, host the 38-3 Bulls on Friday and just made the most electric midseason roster move since Michael Jordan re-upped with Chicago.
''Everything is behind us,'' Lamoriello said.
But already we have seen some Chinese companies being listed in Hong Kong that don't publish timely earnings reports or accurate financial data.
''I think people who are artists have these giant antennae that suck things in that then have to be spoken or photographed or written or sung,'' she said.
The candidates' pledges to cut taxes are almost beside the point: the latest New York Times/CBS News Poll found that 44 percent of likely voters said they believed their taxes would increase if Mr. Clinton were re-elected; 40 percent said taxes would rise if Mr. Dole were elected.
Mr. Arafat has not commented on the matter.
Nor do we need to rely on diaries that might be misplaced.
projects in the nation lies between concrete barriers in the middle of the Henry G. Shirley Highway, a stretch of Interstate 395 that runs past the Pentagon and into the suburbs southwest of Washington.
I shall say no more.
We should be worried about how this team is doing."
So he placed a group of cyclists in a heat chamber to dehydrate them and, before and after, had them peddle a bicycle ergometer that measured speed and heart rate.
Mr. Peavy said the payments he received from Mr. Oliver were advances on the big contracts he had been expecting to win.
Strain into a mixing bowl and let cool.
In 1992, the state police sent to the Federal Bureau of Investigation the boots that had been taken from Dr. Scher two days after the shooting.
''It's our fault,'' he said.
''We're looking at actions, not statements from Baghdad,'' said Michael D. McCurry, the White House spokesman.
Now it is Christmas: the most comfort-seeking festival of all.
Instead, with the Republicans keeping control of Congress, those money managers have had to buy back the stock index futures -- buying that has helped push share prices higher in recent days.
''The best information we have is that Gotti is out or he is about to abdicate.''
"It's nice," Marian Goodman of Clearwater, Fla., said of the walk to the stadium.
On evil, Mr. Johnson admits halfway through a 10-page chapter that "I honestly do not know why God permits evil in all its forms."
It was a breakthrough, her usual reticence to design blatantly pretty or sexy things overcome, and there was much that fit both descriptions.
Neither Mr. Anderson nor any of the folk-art experts he consulted had ever seen carousel horses that looked like that.
''The Tarantula in My Purse: And 172 Other Wild Pets'' is the latest of Ms. George's books featuring natural history as the organizing motif: ''Julie of the Wolves'' won a Newbery Award, and ''My Side of the Mountain'' remains a classic rite-of-passage story; it's about a boy who succeeds in living off the land until his independence secures him enough confidence to face the world from which he ran away.
These groups took close to half the total vote across the country.
Ken Hill of Texas, scheduled to oppose Andy Pettitte in Game 2 tonight, pitched for Yankees Manager Joe Torre in 1990 and 1991 when Torre managed in St. Louis.
Graffiti in Gaza signed by Yasir Arafat's mainstream Fatah movement in the Palestine Liberation Organization showed the following equation: "Murder + terrorism = a service to the Likud."
CARL ALEXANDER, son of the renowned golf photographer JULES ALEXANDER, was one of the four Monday qualifiers.
Customers protested, and Goodyear reintroduced the tire in the line it sells through Sears.
"Cali cartel leaders are treated almost like hotel guests."
''You're going to have to redo the stations anyway, because they're getting old and they need to accommodate the elderly and handicapped,'' he said.
If found guilty, he faces 25 years to life in prison.
Magna indicated that other possible acquisitions were in the works in North America and Europe.
Tuesday through Thursday at 8 P.M. Tickets: $18.50.
Unless you live in Manhattan, where people seem hesitant to list them.
But having watched the museum grow up from a one-room display in the basement of the Deaf Smith County Library, having held their annual "Rhinestone Roundup" induction ceremonies here and even seen their hall inspire the opening of the National Cowgirl Hall of Fame restaurant in Manhattan, people here say it is a little tough to realize that the hall's Hereford days are over.
MISHA and Cipa Dichter can practically see Aspen, Colo., from the three-story tower atop their hilly property here.
Mr. Pataki also said he thought that he and the Legislature were "significantly closer" than they had been a week ago.
Until she resigned to marry a diplomat in 1940, Mary Marvin Breckinridge, a photographer turned reporter, was one of the boys for nearly a year.
An independent commission appointed by Congress will report on Wednesday that the Government is overstating the inflation rate by 1.1 percentage points, costing it billions of dollars in inflated Social Security and other benefits payments.
The percentage is now low, about 6 percent, for a number of reasons, including the reluctance of pathologists to perform post-mortem examinations on such patients.
But the plane's ''black box'' data recorder was not advanced enough to capture information to confirm that chain of events or explain why they occurred.
The assemblage makes a striking comparison that carries throughout the show.
''The opponents want to see the law quickly struck down, and we want to implement the law as soon as possible.''
NOTES 5.57 5.58 7.48 30-YR. TREAS.
Days later, President Suharto denounced the magazines for exposing the deep divisions in the Government.
Micheline said, 'O.K., then we'll do it on the stage.'
Little-known facts and apocrypha from the pages of Weird New Jersey: SHORTEST HIGHWAY IN AMERICA - Along the Cranford-Garwood border is Route 59, measuring 792 feet -- or 0.15 miles -- from end to end.
The ruling invalidated a policy of the Black Horse Regional High School District in Blackwood to allow its graduating class to vote on whether it wanted a prayer.
"They will do everything to please everyone, and they will be moderate," said the diplomat.
A lawyer for the company, David Stadtmauer, said on Friday that it was in final negotiations with a developer called Related Companies, which has approached Kmart, Price Club and other retailers.
Despite what's missing, the series still presents a fairly complete cross-section of musical styles, from soul to reggae to punk to grunge.
Philips to Pay $65 Million The North American arm of Philips Electronics N.V. will pay $65 million to settle civil claims that it sold faulty electronic parts to the military, the Government said.
''I think you have to go on the court and think positive,'' said Hingis, who reached the round of 16 with a 6-2, 6-2 victory against 51st-ranked Naoko Kijimuta of Japan.
And if ''Jurassic Park'' and ''A Perfect World'' proved anything, it was that Ms. Dern knows when to take two steps back and let the growling dinosaurs or the big-name stars do their thing.
The timing could not have been worse.
"They bring me over and pay my way," he said.
His hit on Kozlov led to a verbal confrontation in the parking lot of McNichols Arena in Denver with Scotty Bowman, the Detroit coach, who cursed Lemieux as Lemieux walked with his wife and infant son toward their car.
In the Anglo-Nepal War of 1812, the Nepali Gurkhas, unlike other South Asian armies that fled the approach of British troops, stood their ground and battled the colonial invaders.
Oregon has not had a new member of the United States Senate since 1968.
Ginger Rogers at 19, and Ethel Merman at 21, made their Broadway debuts in it.
It will retrace Marco Polo's trade routes through 14 countries and the territory of Hong Kong, 8,000 miles from Italy to Hong Kong.
That 33 percent increase in homicides represented the first rise in murders over a significant period in at least a year, police officials said.
PRINCETON SUMMER THEATER "The Crucible," by Arthur Miller.
All told, three of every four dollars go to New York City.
Not just bones, or the quilted muscles that wrapped them, or the resistant but assailable cartilage in his ears.
You just have to look at the newspapers.
The Forest Service, which owns this land as well, has already authorized the exploration of six square miles surrounding the lake.
What of unmarried straight couples?
Her mother is a nurse anesthetist in Brooklyn.
In the manner of his earlier ''Throw Momma From the Train'' and ''The War of the Roses,'' Mr. DeVito brings out the merrily black comedy in such a battle.
''Giant'' came smack in the middle.
But the deal could also be a big windfall for a media mogul with no ties to either company: Rupert Murdoch.
"You try to get a handle on the problem by not letting any Tom, Dick and Harry in there," Mr. Garza said.
Michael P. Schulhof, former chief of Sony of America, has been blamed for some of Sony's problems.
The Gallegly amendment $(which would have thrown the children of illegal immigrants out of public schools$) was defeated.
appearance since finishing sixth at the Twelve Bridges L.P.G.A.
He said that Westcoast Energy had access to huge amounts of gas from productive wells in fields with large reserves.
He covers every activity of the President's wife, Mirjana Markovic, who is piling up the number of titles, honorary degrees and academic positions she collects and exhibits after her name.
"I remember feeling pleased and reassured that he was a familiar character in town."
When the Amtrak train on which he was traveling to New York from Boston (in an attempt to get home from Dallas) came to a halt three miles from Pennsylvania Station and stayed there all night, Mr. Yarrow pulled out his guitar and led his fellow passengers in song from 2 A.M. to 4 A.M. Everyone faced the challenge together in good spirits rather than fragmenting," he said yesterday.
of Armonk and General Electric and the Plan for Social Excellence of Mount Kisco.
Harold Evensky, an investment adviser in Coral Gables, Fla., considers himself patient with good managers going through bad times, but added that his patience with SEI Capital Appreciation had finally run out.
Other diners were at our elbow; we could follow at least two nearby conversations.
An additional innovation that looks as if it will be a permanent feature of the county is My Other Home, a house where parents and their children can get together for court-supervised visits.
The agency has also established a toll-free telephone number so the public can report tips.
Sara Balfour Gaffney, the New York City press secretary for Gov.
His wife didn't want him to go.
For $2 extra I was swaddled in a coarse cotton sheet and an army blanket to become one in a row of giant sweating babies.
The candidates for President should explain why it is acceptable for us to borrow to make our futures better but our Government refuses to borrow to insure a brighter tomorrow for us all.
Mr. Hagel countered in an interview yesterday by saying Nebraska Republicans were rallying this time, mindful that their past divisions had cost them elections they should have won.
23,000), and from black folks and white folks throughout Ulster County.
She graduated from Goucher College.
Admission: $5; $2.50 for students and the elderly; free for children under 12.
The therapist is somebody who lives in the constructions of his own mind; there's no heart in it.
"I'm sorry that I made it interesting," he said.
$(B3.$) City Finances Criticized The gap between New York City's spending and its income is becoming wider and will make it increasingly difficult to balance each year's budget, according to a dour report by the New York State Financial Control Board.
Many companies, however, are sticking with the $25 figure to keep a tight lid on costs.
The strobe lights that flickered brilliantly before the game were only a precursor.
''There is no way any bag on its way to the U.S. can get onto a plane without going through security,'' said Philip Baum, who until recently was a senior official with the T.W.A.
The choreographic images, though zany, seldom revealed much.
The twin-blade shaver (not shown) is $5.50 at the Gap.
"That would have been ridiculous."
Critics and boosters alike agree that the great period of gambling expansion appears to be over.
He added that it was not until Michael Langham, the former artistic director of the Stratford Festival in Ontario, was brought in as an artistic adviser that "more directors stopped to look at us."
LUC LONGLEY earns his pay primarily by getting in the way of people -- like a bump in the road, or a detour post, or an amplified hobgoblin.
''I gave them exclusive first TV rights,'' said Marilyn Ducksworth, an associate publisher and executive director of publicity for Putnam.
the very thing she wanted to avoid most.
Healy stopped 29 shots Sunday for his first victory.
After Republicans proposed the idea, President Clinton did not include this seemingly innocuous revenue raiser in his own budget.
[Moulinex's plans, announced Tuesday, to cut 2,600 jobs touched off a debate in the French Government, with Industry Minister Franck Borotra calling the job cuts unacceptable, but Finance Minister Jean Arthuis conceding that Moulinex "needed restructuring."]
After the house tour, if time allows you can pick up a map ($2.50) of some 30 Wright designs in Oak Park and nearby River Forest from the Gingko Tree Bookshop at the site.
Clark is 32 and Torrence 30, and both are watching out for young rivals.
Nothing that ever happens that is wrong is he responsible for.
But the threat of a new American strike on Iraq has apparently passed, in part because of the objections of France and other American allies.
New Haven's decentralized school approach allows principals, teachers and parents to play a much larger role in deciding what programs and curriculum are best for their particular schools.
Great winged flying machines skimmed the crowns of the buildings, while trains rumbled though them on massive metal bridges 30 stories above the ground.
They may have learned to be grateful when commuter trains and city buses made them only an hour late to work, instead of two or three.
The Shorenstein Center just published the first issue of a new quarterly called The Harvard International Journal of Press/Politics, which contains an interview with President Clinton in which he inveighs against what he sees as the press's cynicism and preoccupation with marginal issues.
Why, in other words, does the old world of classical physics continue to operate reliably when it is grounded on the strange world of quantum physics?
"It depends on how risk averse you are."
People who think they want to buy a lamp may also wish to try on a dress or a pair of trousers or eat a bowl of noodles.
Dr. Spitz introduced the fingernail theory for first time last month when he testified for the families of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald L. Goldman, who are suing Simpson for their wrongful deaths.
That's when the train will stop to pick up and drop off passengers, and will be waiting around for a few minutes to give any smokers on board enough time to stand on the platform and light up.
Mr. Guenther had been a subscriber and contributor to the Philharmonic for about 15 years before he joined the board, and yesterday he said he had been a fan of the orchestra since childhood.
Cardinals 8, Astros 7 Willie McGee hit a game-winning single in the 10th yesterday as St. Louis closed within a half-game of National League Central-leading Houston, rallying past the visiting Astros.
"Individuals who have been subjected to community notification provisions have been publicly ostracized," he wrote.
MARK BROWN Video Camera in Action Mark Brown was 10 when he began his video career, using a camcorder to record the events at his church.
Brenda Weck, who grew up in Glen Cove, left and came back to raise her family, said she returned because of the city's wealth of housing, educational and recreational opportunities.
Since Greenwich adopted its ordinance, 165 homes -- roughly 1 percent of those meeting the criteria -- have been approved for conversion.
How long his patience will last is unclear.
Studies have shown that work release better prepares inmates for life under parole, Mr. Flateau noted, and enables them to earn a living and pay taxes.
The Government is under pressure to overhaul the ailing banking system and take other steps to support the currency, which has lost 36 percent of its value so far this year.
"You see 4 to 3 and you see one of the four leaving and it raises some serious doubts, particularly when you know who appointed the new justice and what kind of temperament he's likely to have."
For what it's worth: the Dolphins' two victories have come against teams that have not won a game -- New England and Arizona -- while the Jets' losses have been to a pair of unbeaten teams -- Denver and Indianapolis.
"Whatever he did was to protect his children in Cuba or to protect me."
It will only signal that you're still in high school.
MULINO'S presents its diners with one of the most beautiful dining rooms in the county.
Later he taught both subjects at a number of schools, including the New School for Social Research and Hunter College.
Last year, he switched parties.
If I was asked everything, I would give my opinion and be in more trouble than I am.
On the other hand, Kosinski understood that he was running the risk of being found out, and of even greater humiliation, if he permitted the book to be treated as something other than a novel.
The more consistently delightful images in this show are a few photographs modified by the hand of an amateur artist or a craftsman.
"On the contrary, this will make the players work even harder and face the competition with even more spirit.
Its first building, the 522-unit Citylights at Queens Landing, is scheduled to open in the fall.
Performances: Tuesdays, Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays at 8 P.M.; Wednesdays at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at 3 P.M. Tickets: $37.50.
''It's not a question of ideology.
Excluding automobiles, sales rose only two-tenths of a percent.
Irvin, who is married and has two young children, has also reached an out-of-court settlement with Heidi Marie Thomas, a one-time topless dancer who had filed a lawsuit alleging that Irvin made a series of unwelcome sexual advances to her in the parking lot of the Iguana Mirage, a Dallas nightclub.
For the first time, Paterson school officials have decided they need police officers on patrol in their hallways.
Both stocks hit new 52-week highs during the day.
"A woman said Chandler could pass as a local."
MERCER COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE The Kelsey Review, the college's annual literary journal, is accepting poetry, fiction, essays, and black-and-white illustrations from anyone living or working in Mercer County.
The Taj Mahal, a 33,000-square-foot club whose exterior has the look of the Indian original as redesigned by an architect specializing in Taco Bells and Jiffy Lubes, is fighting to overturn a local ordinance pushed by social conservatives that would ban nude dance clubs in Marietta from serving alcohol.
''We didn't feel it was very healthy for the children to stay,'' Mr. Neally said.
"The incident is regrettable as it happened despite Sumitomo's principle of placing a priority on trust," he said.
In fact, there are already differing views among these very officials on whether the group should promote the candidacy of a black official for Mayor.
Now the partners are completing the strategy they set in motion in 1993 to sell the 151 unsold apartments when the market improved.
Laura Woodswalker -- a pseudonym for a 45-year-old Pennsylvania woman who would only ''speak'' to us via the Internet -- admits to feeling a strong ''emotional identification'' with Theodore Kaczynski, the Unabom suspect, but denies she's in love.
Once more into the breach the owners step, given a second chance today to act on a labor deal they resoundingly rejected three weeks ago.
"Please do not allow him to destroy any more families."
The Taiwan leader's visit to Cornell University in June 1995 caused a major rupture in Chinese-American relations because no Taiwan leader had been allowed to make such a visit since 1972, when the United States reaffirmed a "one China" policy and started work toward normalization of ties with Beijing.
Professor Sokal meticulously quoted and footnoted the anti-science social constructivists themselves.
''You do get attached,'' he said quietly.
One of the MSNBC contributors is Eric Alterman, the journalist and one-time anti-pundit who wrote the book ''Sound and Fury: The Washington Punditocracy and the Collapse of American Politics'' (Harper Perennial, 1993).
''For some reason, I don't know, the ball slipped out of his hand.
IN the few hours a week when Mrs. Del Sontro is not in the park, she is bowling in a recreational league, taking line-dancing lessons or shuttling her four grandchildren to Chuck E. Cheese.
''The backdrop for the Chinese economy and the domestic Hong Kong market is very favorable,'' said Lynda Johnstone, the London-based co-manager of the $269 million Guinness Flight portfolio.
"The fact is that times have changed," said Bob Fife, Ottawa bureau chief for The Toronto Sun, "and we are as susceptible to loonies as the Americans."
Sunday, 3 P.M., at the World Financial Center Winter Garden, 200 Liberty Street.
"I respect his duties as the Mayor of New York to do what he thinks is right."
The shares of the Unify Corporation fell 38 percent yesterday after the company forecast a second-quarter loss because of weak sales of certain graphics products.
Mrs. Phillips remained there for 20 years, leaving only when the building was torn down.
Mr. Williams himself declined a request for an interview.
So he had all the news coverage.
The network is canceling "Murder, She Wrote," which was one of the longest-running, highest-rated prime-time dramas in television history until it was moved last fall from Sunday to Thursday night, opposite NBC's "Friends," and tumbled in the Nielsens like a bad guy going down in a shootout.
Ultimately the Defense Department covers these costs when it entertains bids for new weapons systems.
I'll never forget his tenderness and humanity.''
''Distribution's the name of the game,'' said Randy Bateman, the bank's chief investment officer.
The maintenance labor is supplied by the theater staff, now retrenched, and the students in the program, many of whom have been told to transfer.
Wrong question, because in words imitating sounds, latitude is given to variants.
Oslo is the common shorthand here for the Israeli-Palestinian agreements, which began with secret meetings in Norway.
Throughout, pines and the descendants of the olive trees from which the Olympic wreaths were fashioned scent the air and keep the sun at bay.
The Canadiens cut the lead to 3-2 at 16:22 on a goal by Rory Fitzpatrick, who fired a backhander from the slot that beat Richter on the stick side and might have hit the post on the way into the net.
10 SUSPECTS IN BOMB-MAKING Federal agents arrested two Georgia men linked to a small right-wing paramilitary group who the agents said had materials they were fabricating into pipe bombs.
Every once in a while, he wrote the occasional little piece -- on a Jewish cemetery in Limerick for The Village Voice, for example.
By Christopher Gray 7 The Main Line Seven-Figure Homes A surge in the construction of homes selling for $1 million or more is under way in the exclusive suburbs northwest of Philadelphia.
School officials hope their new program will help turn things around by addressing these and other issues.
Within weeks, the Navy convened a board of inquiry and eventually gave him an honorable discharge.
'' The woman is now back on Prilosec, paid for by Cigna.
Tests Governor Pataki has announced that he would introduce legislation giving judges the authority to order H.I.V.
Only later did these structures develop the hooked barbs and barbules that make the feather airworthy.
Robert G. Frey, director of the Jewish Community Centers of the Delaware Valley, which operates the bathhouse on its day-camp grounds, says that structural stress to two pavilions could endanger campers who will gather there in June.
In the first meeting between the teams this season, the Rangers were fortunate to salvage a 1-1 tie on Long Island.
For now, at least, 64 teams are happy, undefeated, and setting out for weekend one.
Mr. Luzhkov, a former manager in Soviet oil and chemicals ministries, was appointed mayor of the city by President Boris N. Yeltsin in 1992, and has been running it as a his personal fief ever since.
The event was reported in the press.
MACCULLOCH HALL HISTORICAL MUSEUM ''Botanicals as Science and Art,'' antique herb illustrations.
His lawyer, Darnay Hoffman, allowed on Thursday that the erstwhile subway shooter was heading out of town.
We have people who don't just think about what we need for the United States, but what we need for the world.
''CSC Index needed a good hands-on manager,'' Ms. Digrius said.
Mr. Anderson had seriously considered becoming Mr. Cuomo's running mate in 1994 when Lieut.
"He did say he felt somewhat guilty," Chief Patrick E. Kelleher, the head of the Internal Affairs Bureau, said of Officer Rodriguez's retraction, which came during the second of two interrogations.
Drug plan executives say they are careful to involve physicians when drugs are changed or denied.
And as soon as they sit down at the scopes, they are at the mercy of lousy equipment, absent-minded pilots, reckless colleagues, bad weather or maybe just the traffic getting heavier and heavier, like a hand constantly pushing at them from behind.
A study commissioned last year by the White Plains-based Westchester Community Foundation, a nonprofit affiliate of the New York Community Trust, showed nearly a third of all households had to choose between paying rent and buying food.
But Mr. Dornan, an acid-tongued politician whose Capitol Hill specialty has been flag-waving, America-first military defense, refused to concede.
She claims that my "demure," simplistic explanation for Thompson's hostility was Frost's refusal to take him to Russia.
Medicare took in $3.8 billion more than it spent in the first four months of the last fiscal year, through January 1995.
Take Janine's, which opened on Columbus Avenue about six months ago in the space formerly occupied by Jerry's, the uptown brother of the well-known SoHo hot spot.
Ms. Brown said, "All of the stuff that is delivered electronically and indexed electronically has to come from somewhere, and where it comes from is from large libraries like this one."
Dr. Mariano Mederos, an internist in Elmhurst, has patients who see healers, including Isabel Santana, 75, who said Dr. Mederos treats her for high blood pressure while Cornelio Santos, a healer in Jackson Heights, treats her leg problem with snake oil and fig leaves.
Democrats say their polling and labor's both show Mr. Kucinich ahead.
For his current collection, he even enveloped the face in a mantilla-mask of black lace.
Beethoven or Bach might rail against misfortune, but in doing so they imitated a perceived order in the universe, therefore gaining a measure of control over it: Misfortune is explained, and thus made worthwhile.
But while Mr. Garbutt at Sharp forecasts a progressive takeover by the unobtrusive, LCD televisions, Mr. Palumbo said the standard cathode-ray tube isn't going away.
"Traditionally we sit on folding chairs in a circle, wearing shower caps, scarves or hats and disposible gloves and peel hundreds of garlic cloves and laugh a lot," said a club member, Lane Morant, of the annual work session.
NEW YORK JETS -- Waived DT Keith Drayton.
And where was the Gewurztraminer we had ordered from the terrific little list?
For a guy who was supposed to be under suspension, Aleksei Kovalev did pretty well today when the Rangers visited the Washington Capitals.
"He's a bit arrogant, a bit bothering," said the 26-year-old Pioline.
They show viewers, in graphic style, just what's at stake.
Publishers' sales representatives donated 15 boxes of books.
This seems odd, given that for police officers like Detective McKenna, it's almost part of the job description.
''It used to be a parking lot,'' said Mr. O'Connor, the contractor.
Last year, the company announced an elaborate plan, called First Choice 2000, meant to improve its marketing, but analysts say the benefits of this plan have been slow to appear.
The cord broke off inside a tower that was being used like a fishing rod to release the satellite into space.
The only break in his four-decade career at The Times was the year or so he spent toward the end of World War II as a writer for the Mediterranean edition of Stars and Stripes, the Army newspaper.
It includes what is surely the most interesting doll house in America and is said to be possibly the oldest, circa 1744, in this country.
The proposal would have cost about $25 billion a year, of which only $3 billion would come from the United States.
Strawberry included tense, sometimes contentious talks with the Yankees last summer when the player was trying to revive his career after troubles off the field with drugs and a sentence for tax evasion.
No foreign project has been canceled yet, but international investors are nervously waiting to see how the United States will enforce the law, which takes effect Aug. 1, or whether President Clinton will use his authority to suspend its implementation until after the November elections.
The Rangers tied it, 1-1, at 11:12 on a goal by Kovalev, who began the play by prying the puck loose along the boards with checking in the neutral zone.
To comprehend how upbeat, even understandably parochial feelings about the Yankees' winning the World Series became mindless excess, one had to watch WNYW-TV/ Channel 5's ''news'' coverage following Fox's post-game show.
Throughout the city, streets were cleaner, neighborhoods safer, due in good part to active business improvement districts.
'Together Is Better Than Living Alone' The journey of Gavrial Kagzakov, 59, seems typical.
Although he arrived speaking no English, he absorbed so much of the new American advertising technique that when he returned to France the next year, he promptly opened what is regarded as the first French advertising agency.
I understand that the board would have to take immediate steps if a true hazard exists, but there has not been any discussion of repairs.
One outstanding dress had silvery metallic tracings of flowers on beige organza.
Three-quarters of the graduates will seek jobs in print, radio, television and Internet journalism, he said, while the rest will look for work in advertising, public relations or other fields, or continue their schooling.
With Victoria Williams as host, everyone seemed to take his time, playing songs as if the tunes were jerry-built and just about to come apart.
Childs wound up at the free-throw line again.
Not surprisingly, Andrew Spano saw things differently.
They suggested that the nominating campaign may last considerably longer than expected, with ideological disputes, mudslinging and endless bickering among the candidates on display week after week.
At times, though, one wishes Ms. Armstrong had allowed herself a detour to explore some tantalizing observation she drops into the text.
And President Kennedy gave rockers as presents to many people, including the President of Mexico."
He did some building and remodeling.
Dallas (1-2) went ahead by 24-22 with 13 minutes 26 seconds left on a 52-yard field goal by Boniol, but his 40-yarder hit the right upright and bounced away with 2:48 to go to keep the Colts in the game.
''We have never been opposed to the notion of trying year-round schooling,'' she said.
In 1994, he exercised options to buy 8,333 shares of the Cyrix Corporation, a semiconductor company, for $16 each and sold them immediately for $38.75.
For Senior Airman Eric Castor, 22, of Keene, N.H., who was also on the fourth floor of the same building of Khobar Towers, the simple fact of being alive was astounding.
"We have never seen a pipe that was this brittle before," Mr. Ilijic said.
Rutland finished with 22 points and Braswell had 12 as Wake Forest, coming off its worst 3-point shooting performance of the season three nights earlier, matched their season high with 12 3-pointers.
"Grass is not a particularly good fuel," he said.
Pedophagic cichlids operate as ''rammers'' or ''suckers.''
''I think the market for hotels has changed here.
Sobbing and begging for leniency as relatives and supporters wept with him, one of Chinatown's most prominent figures was sentenced to 10 years in prison yesterday for murder-conspiracy and racketeering by a judge who said that a "superficial veneer of respectability" had disguised his second career as a gangster.
Her husband, Harold B. Berke, died in 1972.
Democrats split, with 23 voting for the bill and 23 opposed.
One is somewhat taller, considerably more famous and a far better basketball player than the other.
The latest disclosures, based on documents released by the Democratic National Committee, make it urgent for Attorney General Janet Reno to abandon her now untenable position that she lacks sufficient information to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate the possibility of illegal fund-raising.
We lose money on it and the taxpayers wind up picking up the difference.
As a rule, Mr. Kostman does not confide much of himself to his customers when he is crouched over their locks.
Involved in those extra 1,200 calls were incidents that were previously either handled by a different agency or slipped through the cracks.
The first five minutes of "Hello, Dolly!"
Comcast Sound Communications will unload about 360,000 shares, in addition to those being sold by Muzak.
But for many of the tenants, the building's draw is less in its technology than in the community feel it has created.
Then the Americans went into a shell, apparently trying to contain the Chinese rather than attack.
But not everyone is celebrating the corporate triumph.
''Andy's not pitching against Roger,'' cautioned Joe Torre.
Silkscreened on the white paper walls inside are decorative medallions in a blend of orange, red and purple.
In Kinshasa, Zaire's capital, the Canadian special United Nations representative, Raymond Chretien, said food and clinics would be set up in Rwanda or along the protected corridor to encourage people to head home.
More than any other Secretary General, Mr. Boutros-Ghali moves easily among the U.N.'s cultures.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 215 calories, 4 grams fat, 8 milligrams cholesterol, 35 milligrams sodium, 1 gram protein, 50 grams carbohydrate.
Maybe that trend will come to Japan, too."
Acura's sales have long exceeded those of its principal rivals, the Lexus line of luxury vehicles marketed by the Toyota Motor Sales U.S.A. unit of the Toyota Motor Corporation and the Infiniti line of luxury vehicles marketed by the Nissan Motor Corporation U.S.A. unit of the Nissan Motor Company.
Can you say American League East champions?
The mailing, she adds, was ''dishonest and very dangerous.''
But Mr. Peres canceled the pullout after a series of suicide bombings in February and early March.
George E. Pataki and legislative leaders agree that some, if not many, of the school boards are beset by mismanagement.
But some of the sites can help you find people.
At halftime, the coach said to keep your head up, take more drives, be aggressive.''
It responds to a Republican advertisement that started attacking President Clinton's immigration policy last week.
The agreement will let users of Windows 95 move onto the AT&T Worldnet service with the click of a mouse.
Of course, a popular outcry could still inspire the commission to change its mind.
The "personal digital assistant," or pen computer, was oversold in the early 1990's with flashy demonstrations based on an immature technology.
Each seeking to bolster their positions in a bitter, nearly weeklong dispute, the Bronx District Attorney and the Giuliani administration offered starkly different versions yesterday of a crucial moment in a struggle that led to the death of a police officer last week.
After failing so unceremoniously four years ago, it probably shouldn't be surprising that Dan O'Brien was taking nothing for granted in the decathlon.
But then, three summers ago, President Clinton vacationed on the island -- he arrived in a Presidential plane -- and Martha's Vineyard became more fashionable than ever.
On Saturday, the Jewish Sabbath, more than 1,000 Jewish supporters joined the Jewish settlers in Hebron, marching through the city with their ever-present weapons.
The Yankees, who opted not to pick up a $1.8 million option on Strawberry after last season, rescued him two days ago from more than just exile and a $2,000-a-month salary with an independent minor league team in Minnesota.
Having Juan Gonzalez and Dean Palmer in the lineup for the whole season would help.
"The public is thirsting for films other than what the studios deliver in the summertime," said Michael Barker, the co-president of Sony Pictures Classics.
When the cell is damaged in certain ways, the gene signals the cell not to divide any more.
No experienced Washington hand dropped an ear piece at the revelation that a campaign consultant had patronized a prostitute, but everything about it invited chuckles.
Then in the fourth act you say, 'But it's benign!'
"I don't even know much about steroids.
In Manhattan, the grand seasonal shift is purely a matter of temperature and foot-level visibility.
Finally, looking drawn after the finish, he mounted the platform that is usually reserved for the day's winner and the overall leaders in three categories: the top climber, the points leader and the man in the yellow jersey, the No.
''We've been farming for a long time,'' he remarked.
His usual limo driver drove in from L.A., picked up him and David Kenner and took them to the club to make arrangements for Tha Dogg Pound and Shakur show.
Her father is of counsel to Bendit, Weinstock & Sharbaugh, a law firm in West Orange, N.J.
And for a good many would-be illustrators of a certain age (including this one), it was also school.
(AP) CYCLING Tonkov Wins in Italy Despite winning just 1 of 22 stages, Pavel Tonkov captured the Tour of Italy yesterday, capitalizing on powerful climbing in the race's mountainous passes.
Outside, Heavy D, the rapper, actor and new president of Uptown Records, eased up to the front door in a sugar-white $125,000 Mercedes-Benz SL600.
My business was certainly not terribly vital.
The Direct Selling Association says that, from 1990 to 1994, the sales force nationwide has increased by more than third, to 6.3 million.
Books at Auction Swann Galleries, 104 East 25th Street; (212) 460-9768.
It's worth taking a closer look at Community Board 3.
An editorial in The Liberation Daily of Shanghai warned against putting too much store on May 18.
''When they get to the United States they start dressing more casually, they eat when they want to eat, and they stop ironing their clothes,'' says Ms. Keegan.
The house is a remarkable synthesis of 19th-century Shingle Style and Wright's own developing style.
Greens Farms, constructed in the early 1900's, lacks accessibility for those with disabilities as well as adequate parking; there are asbestos-covered pipes and a driveway with an incline too steep for school buses in icy weather, she said.
The 53-year-old biochemist and mother of three grown children was supposed to return to Earth in early August on the space shuttle Atlantis.
''We were fighting to keep the company alive in those days,'' Ms. Cage says.
* Israel filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to sell as much as $150 million of seven-year notes.
He recorded his third outfield assist in the Mets' 3-1 loss to the Astros Friday night when he fielded a base hit to right by Houston's Sean Berry and gunned down Jeff Bagwell, who was trying to go from first to third.
As the boss of the Domaine de la Romanee-Conti, Aubert de Villaine is the fellow who brings you that $900 Romanee-Conti.
The temporary spending bill passed today was the 12th stopgap spending measure in six months to keep Government offices open.
''It is something that has never happened before and I don't think it will happen again.''
Her 4-year-old daughter, Quenecia, has had asthma attacks that have landed her in the emergency room at 3 A.M.
The Tandy Corporation said yesterday that it would close two of its 16 Incredible Universe stores and eliminate 320 jobs as part of a streamlining that would result in a pretax charge of $25.5 million in the second quarter.
We were just about stopped and all of a sudden Herman gets about 20 feet behind us and starts flapping his wings and running over the water,'' he said.
Every glorious spring training unearths new hopes and new dreams for each major league team.
When Muslim families try to cross the line into Serbian territory, policemen and Serbian gangs attack them.
Professor Schlesinger, who retired in 1994 from Hastings, a part of the University of California at San Francisco, joined the faculty in 1975 as one of a group of distinguished professors recruited upon retiring from other law schools.
And that's essentially what I have tried to do.
The umpires had made stronger gestures earlier.
Former Mayor David N. Dinkins, by contrast, with his deceptively placid demeanor, was Disney all the way.
Investors should still proceed cautiously, however, warned Michael Schonberg, who runs the Dreyfus Aggressive Growth Fund.
A The White Star Line was one of the first tenants in the 17-story building at 11 Broadway, built in 1895.
Led by Bansi Lal, the populist Chief Minister, the state banned the production, transportation, sale and consumption of liquor.
The move reflected serious strains in relations.
But interviews in Togo with the aunt and patriarch who arranged for the genital cutting, the husband-to-be who insisted upon it and the mother and sister who helped Miss Kassindja flee, confirm that the board was right to believe her.
Foreign executives who have met with him recently say they find it hard to get a word in, as he voraciously plumbs their brains for ideas and books on high technology.
"Every one of the rail lines can be described as the most expensive of its kind ever built in this country," he said.
"The consumer is in recession," said Lawrence J. Sterne, director of research at Economic Analysis Associates, a Greenwich, Conn., firm specializing in the financial behavior of households.
''Obviously, someone failed to realize what was going on.
The Pullaros, whose biological children are Giuliana, 9, and Michael, 8, said they saw a television program about adoption that featured a sibling group of three.
The Norman name means "bright fame," even though you can't think of any world leaders named Bob.
It has a restaurant, bar and coffee shop.
He had received a Ph.D. at the California Institute of Technology and then done postdoctoral work at Stanford University, where he was a discoverer of ligase, an enzyme that is crucial for recombinant DNA experiments.
"I approve of what the federal troops are doing in Pervomayskoye," said Aleksandr Ignatyev, 44, editor at a publishing house.
Presiding over this faultless design is Don Alfonso, a rationalist's version of the Devil, who with the crook of his finger and a stern glance or two, lays out opera's most perfect isosceles triangle.
With an 11-0 run midway through the first half and a 16-0 run early in the second, Manhattan built a 61-35 lead and coasted home.
There are similarities to his two areas of expertise other than the inevitability of death and taxes.
by Eudora Welty THE KILLER WAS FREE AGAIN ON THE STREETS of Jackson.
Whether Mr. Goldhagen is right about this, his depiction of the institutions of killing is the broadest study of the perpetrators of the genocide yet done.
"I know that when we open the Olympics by playing Cuba it will be a much more competitive game," Vanderveer said.
Brian Friel's play in Lyric Theater of Belfast production.
After perusing the document and discovering that the name of the musician's daughter had been misspelled on the eighth line, Mr. Nass had an unavoidable question.
Charred beef salad also has the unmistakable clarity characteristic of Thai food.
In effect, they are an expansion team because Modell left the Browns' history and tradition in Cleveland for the next team that sets up shop there.
That approach was hilariously evident on Tuesday, when "Politically Incorrect" broke with its format and featured live reports from Chris Rock (once of "Saturday Night Live") in Manchester.
Two armed men robbed two armored car guards of $52,000 at a Dunkin' Donuts parking lot in the Elmhurst section of Queens last night, the police said.
Monsanto's eventual solution was to transplant a gene from another plant to make soybeans resistant to its best-selling herbicide, Roundup.
The fourth generation of his family to attend the Noble and Greenough School in Dedham, Mass., Mr. Nash, who was born in Lawrence, Mass., and grew up in Hamilton, Mass., was a star athlete in high school, earning a total of nine varsity letters in basketball, tennis and soccer.
''You know when it's 5 or over, it goes to the higher number.
The Chicago and Northwest Railway commuter trains provide service to downtown Chicago along North Boulevard, one block south of Lake Street.
He graduated from Phillips Exeter and from Dartmouth College, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa and where he was an Academic All-American football player.
The Governor said he spends much of his time just seeing to their upkeep.
''We're not experimenting on our customers, which is what is going to happen with some of these new technologies,'' said Roderick D. Nelson, an AT&T Wireless vice president.
But last week, after dedicating a street to a fallen firefighter in intense sun, he removed his jacket just before getting back in his car.
(On occasion, publishers have also been known to compromise and agree to a "comparable performance" clause that says a work must be of similar quality to the author's previous books.)
But April 1995 was the trough of a four-month sales slump for most auto makers.
With unusual candor, Fred Alston, head of the Garage Employees Union, acknowledged he negotiated ''a lousy contract'' for his 4,000 members.
Lamb is the specialty, prepared in any number of ways.
Sales slid to $2.5 billion from $2.7 billion.
And Pieces of Eight, at 21 West Eighth Street, went to trial and was evicted June 4.
John and Kimberly decide to disappear.
A senior Administration source says that Elizabeth Dole was ''severely agitated'' by the F.D.A.
"This is the first truly modern campaign in Russian history, one based on logic, technology and analysis," boasted Yekaterina V. Yegorova, an analyst and focus group expert with the political consulting firm Niccolo M. (as in Machiavelli).
I wait for time to run out, panting.
Out of approximately 85,000 public schools nationwide, there are only 475 charter schools, while only 120 private schools accept vouchers in two states.
"It's the hardest book to read and I know it drives people crazy.
Rabbi Charles Lippman officiated at the United Nations Plaza Hotel in New York.
A20 AGNEW REMEMBERED Former Vice President Spiro Agnew, who left office rather than face charges of taking bribes, is remembered each year on April 1.
There it is on a plate," he told Federal, state and local officials.
Would it go for high payoff blues?
THEN -- Street-wise teen-agers and 20-somethings as drug couriers and pitchers.
What about the kid who just jumped off the BMX bike at the gate?
IS THERE A COUNTRY SINGER SO underappreciated as Johnny Paycheck?
Mr. Connery won an Academy Award as best supporting actor for ''The Untouchables'' in 1987.
"Now that the road is so huge it will become difficult to navigate," a restaurant owner in Mount Sinai, said.
Now, local Chinese newspapers are reporting that immigrants returning home to the Fujian Province have been arrested on charges that their passports were fraudulent.
Spring comes with brutal suddenness, and summer is close behind.
A slavish devotion to recipes robs people of the kind of experiential knowledge that seeps into the brain meal after meal, day after day, over a lifetime of cooking.
''Whenever you sell a business and take a big write-off to offset it, it is hard to get your hands around what is happening.
But images of Bob Dole in situations outside of politics are few and far between in this campaign.
The redshirt freshman Mike Morelli kicked a 31-yard field goal with 1 minute 31 seconds left as host CONNECTICUT (2-0) edged NORTHEASTERN (1-1) by 21-19. .
On this day her lips are dark and shiny, her eyes enormous and her lashes lo-o-ng.
''But I think it will be a very, very close race.
There will be more larger houses, often with private backyard space, in these developments than there are in older retirement communities.
Walter Rauschenbusch's ''Prayer against the servants of Mammon'' (''Behold the servants of Mammon, who defy thee and drain their fellow-men for gain .
Overall foreign investment was up 87 percent from 1987 to 1992.
''The debates were deflating moments, which helped to contribute to the undecideds,'' Mr. McQueeny said.
In their place, he turned secretly to Mr. Morris, who had known him for nearly two decades and rescued him from his defeat as Arkansas governor.
The MBIA sale produced $200 million for Travelers.
Earnings expected: Tyson Foods, CNA Financial.
Her singing voice is never less than commanding, but her grasp of character is.
has not exploded any bombs or tried to shoot any police officers or soldiers of Protestant paramilitaries since they declared a cease-fire on Aug. 31, 1994.
He is backed by bass (Charnett Moffett), drums (Denardo Coleman, his son and producer) and, for the first time in 35 years, piano (Geri Allen).
The Assembly Speaker, Sheldon Silver of Manhattan, who will be the Democrats' chief welfare negotiator, was out of the country today and could not be reached for comment.
Nelson said after Saturday night's loss that he should have inserted a smaller lineup in the game earlier in the first half against Vancouver, instead of trying to merely wear down their front line.
Mr. Lynch said it made him feel that his job mattered.
Moore and her colleagues were furious, feeling they had been patronized.
Current clients include Frederic Fekkai, the hairdresser; Patrick Demarchelier, the photographer; Bobbi Brown, the make-up artist, and Fam and New York Models, the agencies.
A Border Patrol agent fell to his death there last year.
If the math at the Environmental Protection Agency is correct, we can't afford not to.
He is a fascinating artist with a singular technique of continual glissando.
In some areas in Vietnam there are very low living standards.
A formal removal, if approved by the state's highest court, the Court of Appeals, would bar Mr. Driscoll from ever holding judicial office again.
''If there was miscommunication, if there were attempts to go around the process, it was done in Washington by these seemingly nameless, faceless people.''
It can't be joke, joke, joke, joke.
Mondays through Saturdays, 10 A.M. to 6 P.M., Sundays, noon to 5 P.M. 64 East Palisade Avenue, Englewood.
Balfour Court never fell into city ownership.
By the end, Mr. Rezzori's memoir measures up to the power of such imaginative playfulness as well.
But when the newspaper ran an editorial condemning the project as a desecration of the natural skyline, it was Mr. Green and not the anonymous editorial writer who had to take the heat from the disgruntled builder.
This could mean more support services, she said, like extra counselors and expanding alternative schools for troubled children.
New York City area water has been known for a long time to be among the best tasting in the world, and we should protect the water supply."
Fearing an explosion, the police ordered residents to leave the area near this headland today after an oil tanker ran aground for the second time.
since it declared a cease-fire on Sept. 1, 1994.
Whether or not a story is true, ''it has to come from here,'' said Claire Mayer of Morristown, pointing to her gut.
''To deprive him of this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity would simply be unfair and unjust,'' Mr. Skolnick said in a written statement.
A worker with only two weeks of training, on the job less than a month, decided that the brain-damaging abuse suffered by David's older sister was not relevant in judging whether David himself was in danger of being hurt by his mother.
To settle an argument with his wife about his long absences, he once figured out that he was home an average of only 3.4 days a month for the entire year.
The cannons are conspicuously missing from Mr. Abbado's Edinburgh event.
They were joined by residents of the Taft and Jefferson Houses.
Since the attack, Mr. Kosbob, formerly a member of Stamford's Board of Representatives, has been outspoken on the consequences of teen-age violence.
The Mackinac Bridge Authority provides 114 school buses to take walkers from Mackinaw (like Mackinac, pronounced MACK-in-naw, though spelled differently) City to St. Ignace on the lanes still open to traffic.
The Spanish overran the British in 1885, claiming ownership of the Palauan islands until selling them to Germany in 1899.
Some years ago a model named David Goerlitz, during a photo shoot for a Winston ad, asked a group of R. J. Reynolds executives if any of them smoked.
It is a community in which people of varied religions, degrees of religious observance and economic strata live and work.
But the Republicans dismissed the accusations.
Sixteen Air Force officers, including two generals, were reprimanded in connection with the April 3 plane crash in Croatia that killed Commerce Secretary Ronald H. Brown and 34 other people, the Air Force announced today.
The Giants' season is dead.
In college, I just wanted to merge in with whatever life someone was having that I was going out with and that kept me isolated from other people because you don't want to just glom onto anybody's life, and I was also unable to find myself in those relationships.
But as the constant flow of new legal challenges makes clear, that decision left many questions.
Through her wits and dalliances, she rose to become the mistress and then the wife of Peron.
Recent voting patterns in the district show why Mr. Espaillat is fighting a difficult battle.
" Mr. McCurry recounted this afternoon.
In the Kaiser survey, more than half the teen-agers said that when they did get information about sex and birth control, it often came ''too late,'' and more than 40 percent said it did not include enough detail about how to use birth control or where to get it.
In a joint message today to news agencies in Srinagar, the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir, the two groups said, "We have vowed to fight to the last to stop India's plan to stage this election farce."
"No one worth their salt would want to get involved with them at this point."
"Take a piece of paper and sign your name," she said.
The question exhibits a valuable naivete, the sort allowing someone to raise an obvious point, like the child who points out that the emperor has no clothes.
''The truth is that we need everything, and the sooner the better.''
Even as the price of running a commercial during the Super Bowl has reached a historic high of $40,000 a second, newcomers like Mastercard International and Kinko's are lining up to get on the broadcast.
The family came to the United States, and moved in 1951 to Monson, Mass., where the bridegroom's father sold Exercycles and other health equipment.
$(A20.$) NEW JERSEY Torricelli Seeks Elderly Voters Seeking to portray himself as the candidate elderly voters can trust, Representative Robert G. Torricelli took his campaign for the United State Senate to a center for the aged to stress that his Republican opponent voted to cut the growth of the Medicare program.
That must be when they raise the white flag.
The ratings debate is not only in itself a fount of intellectually vacuous chat-show TV -- how many politicians can dance on the head of a V-chip?
They look for heroes and models at the sporting figures, and this is something totally different.
After Joanna, Mr. Lopata designed Cafe Seiyoken; Baton's; Pig Heaven; Cafe Marimba; Safari Grill;, La Boheme; Lox Around the Clock; Coastal; Extra!
It will be part of a jazz museum opening in July.
Every time I saw him on television, he was just playing that piano.
DER ROSENKAVALIER Opera in three acts by Richard Strauss, libretto by Hugo von Hofmannsthal; production by Jonathan Miller.
Works by Mozart and Schumann frame a program that also includes Samuel Baron playing Arthur Foote's Nocturne for Flute and Strings and Mozart's Flute Quartet in D. (824-7126).
''We did not play a real polished game today,'' said Penn State Coach Joe Paterno.
And they are the ones the Nets are relying on to fill in for the injured threesome of Jayson Williams, Shawn Bradley and Reggie Williams.
Andrews hit his 9th and 10th homers of the season and had his third three-hit game in his last five games.
Mr. Buxbaum's report also noted that one-third of the 237 buildings were not scheduled for repair in the school system's current capital budget, which runs through 1999.
Though all three series have slipped in popularity since their heyday, they are still successful.
This summer and maybe afterward, he wants to have some fun: be with friends his own age and drive with his family to see his multitudinous and far-flung cousins, who, like his own family, are Armenians from Lebanon.
The campaign is also looking at Congressional districts where a late Presidential visit could spur turnout and give a Democrat a last-minute lift.
Mr. Nevaquaya was only the second person designated an Oklahoma Treasure, an award that recognized his preservation and sharing of the Comanche Nation's culture.
added 5/8, to 114 1/4.
Ford, you see, occupies one tower at the center.
And senior Administration officials reported that Iraqi forces had so far followed Mr. Hussein's order to avoid further attacks on American jets enforcing ''no flight'' zones over southern and northern Iraq.
The ninth-inning rally prevented Greg Maddux from losing consecutive starts for the first time in nearly two years.
He credited Derek McLane with the flying scenery idea: "After we talked, Derek went off and did that mysterious thing designers do."
But she cautioned that the banks lending to individuals use the same criteria they do when lending to buildings: The desirability of the building and the creditworthiness of the person or persons seeking the loan is taken into account.
The Chicago purchasing managers' index of activity for July fell to 51.2 from 53.3 in June.
Apparently I'm not the only one pleased to see coffee bars creeping over suburbia like kudzu.
The increase in male plastic surgery is partly due to the loss of its former stigma, said Richard Dolsky, president of the American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery.
"That would mean no involvement by the City Council."
''I knew him when he was just a President.
Other donors of $100,000 included the Communication Workers of America, the American Federation of Teachers, Federal Express and the Anheuser-Busch Companies.
The mile and the pole vault produced the best results ever achieved on American soil.
"I was sent over here in 1995 to run HBB.
They estimate that between 100,000 and 200,000 of the 2 million people who are on food stamps in New York State will eventually lose their benefits.
Consequently, many an argument has erupted over whether such a judgment can be properly handled in contractual language.
Stir in the remaining olive oil.
What makes this small example troubling is its larger implications.
As he walked toward the right sideline -- and toward Lewis -- he gave the receiver an earful.
So they need the growth through acquisitions in order to justify to shareholders what they're up to.''
The choreography here is robotic, matching Goran Vejvoda's mechanical sound score, which gives way to excerpts from Mozart.
The days of such detente are over.
Visits, lectures and other events focused on the importance of church buildings, monasteries and synagogues.
But the plant produced its last minivan in June and is scheduled to be torn down.
House and Senate conferees are likely to finish work on the terrorism bill this week, and both houses to act on it.
"All we're pointing out is that we should be exempt like the political parties are."
The lawns out here may look good, but they're not healthy," said Neal M. Lewis, director of the Long Island Neighborhood Network, an environmental group.
It has accepted 200 reservations with $500 deposits and has a waiting list 800 names long.
His prize: a trip to three of Europe's beer capitals, Brussels, Amsterdam and Dusseldorf, Germany.
Most terraces and decks, he said, are made of quarry tile, concrete paving blocks or wood.
[John Campo, a lawyer for Barneys, disputed Isetan's claim on the $168 million it is seeking in its suit.
A year later, in his 1987 book, Rehnquist cited the 150 figure and observed that ''we are stretched quite thin trying to do what we ought to do.''
During the last 10 years, some 200 Kaiowa are thought to have killed themselves in this southern region near the border with Paraguay, and anthropologists say they are now seeing suicides among other tribes.
Last month, the agency, along with 20 state securities agencies, initiated legal action in about 50 cases involving both types of fraud allegations.
The same is true of music.
The woman, who insisted that she not be identified, said she saw several men standing outside the store, one of them with his hands up.
Without laying eyes on the source, the biologists knew the bat species had strange eating habits -- the members dined not in groups but as singles.
PARKING Alternate-side parking rules suspended.
At the event, from 10 A.M. to 1 P.M., adults and children will be able to play a variety of games, including basketball, volleyball and soccer, and try out gymnastics and rock-climbing equipment.
The authority, though far from perfect, has proved itself more efficient than most city-run agencies at making sure its contractors abide by the law and finish their projects.
Yet throughout this memoir another side of the subject comes through.
The Schiele portrait is one of 13 works being sold by the Georg Waechter Memorial Foundation.
''Skynet is basically a wholesale operation, selling to customers like broadcasters who then resell services of their own.''
''He wasn't on anyone's list but he seems to be a vigorous person with a lot of new ideas,'' Ms. Montuoro remarked before heading out into a light rain that pelted the AT&T complex at the end of the day.
It also depends on what the finances are.
The triple off Rosado, a rookie, was an opposite-field drive that fell beyond the reach of center fielder Rod Myers and right fielder Jon Nunnally.
He also said the administration provided no rationale for why it would remove boxes in some neighborhoods while leaving them in others.
But Ms. Donaldson has a voice of her own, and a sure sense of theater.
Wash, trim, seed and mince jalapeno to taste for the salsa.
Ms. Harris traces her own theatrical interest back to her childhood.
The victory was the sixth straight for the Rockets (12-1), whose only loss was a 126-115 double-overtime setback to the Lakers in Houston on Nov. 12.
Originally, the Graces planned only to garden, but an acre of cabernet sauvignon vines came with the house, and one day, Mr. Grace decided to cultivate them.
And just in case you still mistake her for sweetness and light, Ms. Minter points out, ''Rats and mice played hopscotch / In the pockets of her dress.''
Next Sunday, 2:30 to 5 P.M. Skylands Manor, New Jersey Botanical Gardens, Ringwood.
The reason: to keep the course as challenging as possible for those riding mountain bikes.
Not door to door, mind you.
Among them was Bebe Miller, who lived in the Red Hook housing projects in Brooklyn and now runs her own dance company.
''Yesterday I heard this interview with Tiger Woods, and people were surprised when he said, 'I'm here to win.'
The area owes its current name, but little else, to the fur merchant John Jacob Astor.
" With $2,100 a month for a one-bedroom evoking lottery-prize elation, prospects for the Manhattan market are difficult to gauge.
leader's long record of sanctioning deadly terrorism.
Enough interest would be generated to provide a $2,000 monthly rental subsidy for 2,000 homes (the project will contain 1,000 units for middle- and low-income residents).
Indeed, Apple said yesterday that sales for the quarter were $2.2 billion, almost the same as the previous quarter, indicating that the company's steep revenue slide may be ebbing.
Prosecutions ranged from violations of the Clean Air Act in New England to convicting the advertising agency Young & Rubicam for violating the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, to dismantling the Patriarca organized crime group, which had dominated New England.
The works are on display at the Bruce Museum, off Exit 3 of Interstate 95 through Jan. 5.
An off-duty Bronx police officer was attacked and robbed of his wallet, neck chain and sneakers near an upper Manhattan bar where he had been drinking early yesterday with four fellow officers, the police said.
Three years later, he established a trading business.
The explosion late Monday occurred just seven days before the Western European Union police are scheduled to hand over duties to local Muslim and Croat authorities and an international police force.
Though Jacques makes one obligatory reference to his cursed bloodline, it is the total lack of logic in his actions that gives the film its passion and power.
Janet Phyllis Romano, the manager of Eltec International Inc., a computer hardware manufacturer in Princeton, N.J., was married yesterday to Harris Nichols Ferris, the managing director of the Princeton Ballet Society in New Brunswick, N.J.
''I didn't know about her talent.
Today was no exception, and similar ceremonies scheduled at the Chrysler Corporation on Tuesday and at the General Motors Corporation on Wednesday are likely to be the same.
"Race isn't important to Jarome," she said.
They are undefeated in their last seven games and 8-3-3 since Jan. 1.
When his landlord sued to evict him, William begged the court to give him time.
If more people did, it would make his life easier.
Expensive though it is, this first widescreen edition offers a lot for your money.
and its subway and bus subsidiary, the Transit Authority, say the plan should eventually increase the number of transit riders -- though they do not know by how much -- and provide a much needed boost to the bus system, which has been losing riders for decades.
"You're not," said the mother, "I know you're not."
But Sheria cannot camouflage herself so easily.
He has a tremendous amount of respect for Erhardt and says he would enjoy playing for him again.
But he said in recent interviews that he would not rule out that possibility.
The New Jersey Public Interest Research Group said it would release a report today contending that the settlement that the utility reached last month with the State Division of the Ratepayer Advocate actually amounts to a bailout of up to $550 million for the utility.
Since last year, Southland Corporation, which operates about 5,300 7-Eleven stores nationwide, has established them in 22 stores, including ones in Old Bridge and Roselle, N.J., and Rochester.
's political wing, Sinn Fein, will not be allowed to take part in the talks, which were supposed to mark the first time all parties in the north entered negotiations since sectarian violence erupted in 1969 between the Protestant majority and the Roman Catholic minority in the British province of Ulster.
The principal casualty will be the next generation of retirees, who will have to wait at least another four years for the truth about the nation's finances and their own.
He has also indicated a readiness in principle to lift restrictions on letting Palestinians work in Israel, and support for international aid to the Palestinian Authority.
More recently, about 5,000 troops have been stationed at the training and support base, which is now home to about 1,500.
Like Gutele, the Rothschilds, even after their absorption into the European aristocracy, remained conscious of their ghetto roots.
A referral to a physical therapist for rehabilitation and conditioning to increase fitness is often the quickest -- and most lasting -- route to a speedy return to a favorite activity without risking further injury.
It also points the reader to Internet software tools that, while less flashy than the gadgets James Bond carries, can perform some fairly useful tricks.
But the big, clumsy, affable Americans are used to tongue-lashings from the French, and so have become their favorite target.
Last May, David Kenin, president of CBS Sports, said he was "convinced that the offensive statements attributed to Mr. Wright were not made."
The sport hopes the one-day format will bring modern pentathlon a level of 21st-century modernity that it lacks.
"But there also ought to be an understanding that this goal requires additional financial resources."
According to the company's proxy statement, the mortgage fund's directors entered into this lockup with an agreement that they would not so much as dip their collective toe into the competitive waters in search of a better merger offer for their beleaguered investors.
The movies themselves seem designed by computer.
"Juan Diego exists," Lucio Mandujar Moreno said defiantly.
A two-year note auction that had been scheduled for Tuesday and five-year note sale scheduled for yesterday had already been postponed.
Although Ms. Strube (whose previous novel, "Alex & Zee," was praised in her native Canada) describes Milton's absurd predicament in smart, eccentric prose, this black comedy sickens and sobers more than it amuses.
"They haven't played with a great deal of consistency.
When he solos, he bends and mutes notes.
Palestinians said three of their men were killed and more than 50 wounded, though the Israelis said they did not know of any dead.
Judge David Cashman, hearing the case in a meeting room at a hotel in suburban Philadelphia, denied Mr. Krastek's objection to the removal of minority jurors.
"People used to make the same argument about global advertising," said Christopher Hird, a British television producer and media critic, "but the same commercial for Coca-Cola doesn't work as well in Britain as it does in France or Italy."
While the ideologues of present-day Africa wish to draw out cultural parallels between the supposedly deferential masses of Asia and hordes of Africans whose salvation, they say, lies in a sort of unquestioning acceptance of a new work ethnic, for many the recent news out of South Korea may inspire other observations.
So I was elated to happen upon the reborn ANDRUSHA on Lexington Avenue recently.
Before the closing, passengers made 56,000 transfers each weekday by using those escalators.
Rodman also toed the fringe of the free-throw line in the fourth quarter and stared -- for 60 seconds -- at Brickowski's flat-top haircut.
Like dozens of her peers at Westfield High School, Jennifer Osborne is preparing to leave New Jersey in the dust.
Company, which is part of the NATO peacekeeping force in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Senior citizenship has a varying entry age.
Early admissions programs tend to draw fewer minority applicants and fewer students seeking financial aid, who may want to apply to more than one college so they can compare aid packages.
Bill Clinton arrived on the national scene four years ago with so many self-described soul mates that a new acronym entered the American lexicon.
Beef te'derloin slices are mounded in a bowl, with eggplant, bell peppers, string beans and cucumbers grouped in upright bundles secured with a bit of scallion.
''Every time something new comes out, the question is, 'Do I have a shinier object than the guy next door?'
But I don't know what it is.
"We are going through a transition period, where our economy is changing, where our whole world trading and economic structure is changing and there are dislocations, and people are anxious.
(The movie carefully avoids any lightning-rod issues like gay marriage; it is, after all, a very funny farce, not a tract or a model of behavior.)
Germany's six leading economic research institutes slashed their forecasts yesterday for economic growth in 1996 to three-quarters of 1 percent from the 2.5 percent they predicted six months ago.
In the next nine months, the company will introduce Internet access, to be used by traveling executives or the small-business and home-office customers who depend on their local Kinko's for part-time use of information technology.
The misconduct trial of the suspended West Orange Police Chief, Robert A. Spina, begins tomorrow in Superior Court in Newark.
Mrs. Shenandoah was once recognized by everyone here as a Clan Mother, or matriarchal leader, of the Wolf Clan, which, with the Bear Clan and the Turtle Clan, form the Oneida Nation.
He didn't, though, and Fielder roped a 1-1 fastball off the fence in left for a long single to give the Yankees the lead.
In a 1976 interview, she recalled: ''I was doing a book on multinational corporations, although nobody called them that in those days.
The era of big government is over, but the era of protection of the environment is not over."
Four tuxedo-clad men flailed at electric guitars while a fifth coughed up a catarrhal sound that seemed to call for a chest X-ray.
: What did you think of Geoffrey Beene's collection?''
All along, officials in Washington speculated that Cuba would never turn over someone reputed to have information linking Cuban officials to criminal activities, like drug smuggling.
But then, he has missed so much of life.
"As we drive down the 537 steps, Tracer's solid body construction and quadra-link suspension helps smooth out the bumps while Zorba barely misses a beat," the announcer says.
Lloyd, a five-time Pro Bowl selection and a Steeler for nine seasons, is entering the final year of a three-year, $6.6 million contract.
Indeed, in passing their own version of the law last year, New York state lawmakers said they had tried to avoid the constitutional pitfalls of New Jersey's measure.
Spence-Chapin Thrift Shop, 1430 Third Avenue, between 81st and 82d Streets, (212) 737-8448.
Because New Jersey's voters are known to be fickle, polls this late in a race often turn out to be off.
But given her earlier brush with austerity, it is perhaps not surprising that she is investing the royalties from her popular novels ever so cautiously.
The two-alarm blaze caused the evacuation of some handicapped children attending a school on the second floor of the theater building, according to Kristin Sather, a vice president of the company that manages the building for the owner.
Mr. Thompson is a Vermonter who had never been to New York before.
The exhibition reaches across Hartford's history through the couple whose entrepreneurial spirit and resulting wealth and power took the city to an industrial and cultural peak in the 19th century.
Mr. McNulty, who is 53, will also become a director.
One of those accidents, the focus of the Maryland legislative hearing, occurred on Feb. 16 in Silver Spring, Md., where Amtrak's Capitol Limited to Chicago collided with a commuter train headed to Washington, killing 11 people.
Kweisi Mfume, who will be formally sworn in tomorrow in Washington as the newly chosen chief officer of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, has already put his personal stamp on the troubled organization.
"I knew how much Phil was loved in Chicago, but I had no idea how much of the city would be hanging on the outcome.
Some of the best hitters in baseball history are playing now."
The couple graduated from Syracuse University and are certified public accountants.
About a third of the Village of Roslyn is a historic district clustered around and near Silver Lake, a duck pond reflecting surrounding hills that once prompted Long Island Rail Road publicists, with some exaggeration, to dub the area America's Switzerland.
Scotland's GORDON DURIE opened the scoring in the ninth minute.
Those skills make him a powerful Senate majority leader, but they aren't what people seek in a President."
Nowhere is the debate over growth more vocal than here in Summit County, which registered a population growth rate of 39 percent during the first half of the decade, the second-fastest in the nation.
Q: You appear to be thriving in the current Congress.
Mr. Williams restlessly glanced at mementoes that seem ludicrous once off the theatrical office walls of Congress.
The question is starting to rain down on the American League champion Yankees, like the rain that wiped out Game 1 against the Atlanta Braves yesterday and could threaten it again today.
Having frittered away most of a 7-point lead in the final three minutes, Panathinaikos lost possession in the final seconds when guard Panagiotis Giannakis lost his footing and the ball was kicked downcourt.
In every case, the loser has gone on to win the title.
Soon after Fraph was formed, a State Department cable on Oct. 28, 1993, concluded, "Their effectiveness is a function of the willingness of their patrons" in the Haitian Armed Forces "to use intimidation and violence (carried out by armed civilian attaches) to 'enforce' their political initiatives."
Yet he was disdainful of American academia's "publish or perish" ethos, recalled Prof. John Sabini, the chairman of the psychology department at the University of Pennsylvania.
PITNEY BOWES INC., Stamford, Conn., named Henri K.T.
''I work in many different sizes,'' Mr. Arribas explained with a smile.
Casamayor surely remembered that four years ago, De La Hoya, a lightweight, was the only American boxer to win gold in Barcelona.
In June, he was admitted to a hospital where a biopsy showed Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, a common complication of AIDS.
But a growing number of Americans are willing to spring for them -- at handsome prices.
''One of the great-grandchildren told me a story that Melville came home once with a bag of oranges and ate them by himself in front of his daughter,'' Parker said with sadness.
''I'm gonna ask you to step aside so passengers can get off the train,'' he says.
Getting Around Town Hertz's handy counter-top machines that print out driving instructions to major hotels and landmarks in a city have long had one drawback: They tell you only how to get from your car-rental location, usually at an airport, to your first address.
Fee) NEW ROCHELLE $825,000 70 Aviemore Drive 6-bedroom, 4 1/2-bath, 68-year-old Tudor; wraparound terraces, in-ground pool, 2 fireplaces, breakfast room, attached 2-car garage; taxes $17,902, listed at $850,000, 1 year, 3 weeks on market (Brokers: Merritt Associates; Houlihan/Lawrence) YONKERS $110,000 949 Palmer Road 2-bedroom, 2-bath, 54-year-old co-op; entry hall, dining foyer, modern eat-in kitchen, laundry, bike room, parking; maintenance $688, 55% tax deductible, listed at $119,000, 15 weeks on market (Broker: Bronxville/Ley) LONG ISLAND EAST NORWICH $375,000 101 Split Oak Drive 4-bedroom, 3-bath, 38-year-old ranch; dining room, eat-in kitchen, den, fireplace, 2-car garage, 1 acre; taxes $5,700, listed at $424,000, 4 weeks on market (Brokers: Frost Pond; Oyster Bay) GLEN COVE $685,000 12 Matinecock Farms Road 4-bedroom, 4 1/2-bath, 8-year-old Cape Cod; eat-in kitchen, den, finished basement, 2 fireplaces,3-car attached garage, 1.02 acres; taxes $17,600, listed at $795,000, 12 weeks on market (Broker: Douglas-Elliman-Jane Hayes) GREAT NECK $295,000 49 Vista Hill Road 3-bedroom, 2-bath, 39-year-old split level; dining room, eat-in kitchen, den, 1-car garage; taxes $5,600, listed at $369,000, 1 week on market (Broker: Great Neck Realty, Better Homes and Gardens) PLAINVIEW $312,500 17 Laura Lane, 4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 36-year-old high ranch; dining room, eat-in kitchen, den, deck, 2-car garage; taxes $7,100, listed at $339,900, 8 weeks on market (Broker: ERA Gatewood)
''Is the ambulance on the way?''
It connects us to Mother Earth, and the child within.
The far right's diatribe has indeed been poisonous.
The novelist tells stories of her family's life as she tends 10 12 her fatally ill daughter.
COMPARING THIS MOVE to Microsoft's producing software for a competitor, Apple Computers, Mr. Cash calls the approach ''co-opetition.''
We own a 2-year-old Bengal who is no wilder than a ''normal cat.''
But most of the revenue comes from the reduction in marginal tax rates that would dampen incentives to defer income or take it as fringe benefits.
Remove the crusts from the bread and cut the bread into one-half-inch cubes.
They painted all Israeli and foreign Jews who did not accept the Labor plan for a settlement with the Palestinians as enemies of peace.
The News Corporation, the global media company controlled by Rupert Murdoch, reported net earnings of $222 million (United States), or 27 cents an American depository receipt, down from $227 million, or 30 cents an A.D.R., in the quarter a year earlier.
Performances: Tuesday, Thursday and Fridays at 8 P.M.; Wednesday and Saturdays at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at 2 P.M. Tickets: $40.
Mr. Zedillo's own presidency so far has been marked by mixed signs of retreat from absolute power, but also a continuing willingness to impose presidential will, leaving Mexicans less than sure about his commitment to a new order, and whether Mexico has really changed or is simply in the process of completing another six-year cycle.
Representatives of both organizations expressed skepticism yesterday that adding a section on writing would resolve the problem.
He has hadcancellations, for which he was not paid, and has had to underwrite the transportation costs for his trio.
The senior ranks of the F.B.I.
The average cut is about $1,900, but how much you receive depends on how much the I.R.S.
When I awoke I decided it had been a good deal for $10, and the neighbors I met in the lobby agreed.
"That mandate coincided with our own desires," said Michael Margulies, chairman of the Westchester Holocaust Commission, which is an interfaith, nonprofit organization started by County Executive Andrew P. O'Rourke.
But many these days are like Albertina Castillo, 20, who became pregnant a year and a half ago while living not with her mother but with her aunt, whose apartment lacked room for one more.
But the author weakens his point by slippery arguments of his own -- writing, in passing, that Jefferson did indeed have an affair with his slave Sally Hemings, though adding that the questionable Hemings story is not necessary to his case.
Before you decide to take a supplement, whether it be vitamins or some other potion that purports to help the part that ails you, do some homework.
For all those times, it's better to have a big car.''
Many Russians are undoubtedly troubled by the defeat of their military forces and the imperfect peace, but the country was also exhausted by the war, which has been a costly distraction as Russia tries to make a perilous transition from Communism to democracy.
''I love it up here,'' he said.
Tucci sees even his one-season portrayal of the slithery Richard Cross on Steven Bochco's TV drama ''Murder One,'' for which he may win an Emmy tonight, as merely moonlighting.
The state bar association echoes these concerns.
But given the agency's past performance, there is little reason to think that it will respond.
Todd Hundley seconded the opinion.
Gold futures prices dropped for the 10th consecutive session on the New York Mercantile Exchange amid continued speculation that the International Monetary Fund would sell 5 million ounces of its gold to ease the debt of the world's poorest countries.
"That way, it is a learning experience instead of a death penalty," said Mark Schubert, who coaches Quance.
"There's no sign of accelerating inflation in terms of wages pushing prices," Labor Secretary Robert B. Reich said in an interview.
As in the antebellum years, there is evidence of a glaring gap between classes.
The display and classified ads excerpted below point to this incredibly profound insight: lefties and righties are similar -- yet at the same time different.
Many Democratic officials in the Fourth District, just east of Atlanta, had predicted that Ms. McKinney would fail to win a majority and would be forced into a difficult runoff.
Some 4,000 players are taking part in the event.
A similar measurement they made four years later revealed that the two stars had ''spun in'' toward each other a tiny but measurable amount.
"It's no mystery what's holding America back," Mr. Dole said in a speech in Michigan earlier this month, one of just a handful he has devoted to economic themes.
For public organizations, the Eastern Suffolk Boces Employee Assistance Program is a consortium that tries to help school districts, libraries and mental health agencies obtain mental health benefits.
''If there is a call from the civilians to build that kind of government, that would be all right.
''As a consequence, Fox was the recipient of special advocacy.''
''If there's a problem, the media would have said something about it,'' Wadsworth said.
"Georgia, beginning next Tuesday, a week from tomorrow, has a chance to lend its weight to the question of who will be the first President of the next century."
Forte, make up as much as 60 percent of its audience.
A recoiling atom can rip deeply into biological tissue, releasing its damaging energy very rapidly along its track, destroying cells essential to life, causing mutations of DNA genetic material, and initiating cancers.
"People not familiar with underwater operations don't appreciate the difficulty of doing even simple things," said the searcher, a veteran of quests for debris from the Challenger space shuttle and many offshore plane crashes.
A final decision will be made by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates the airport.
Magic Johnson Theatres, a partnership between Mr. Johnson, the former basketball star, and Sony Retail Entertainment, was formed to develop first-run movie theaters in minority neighborhoods in order to generate economic opportunities.
Following are excerpts from Janet Maslin's review, which appeared in The New York Times on April 5.
The salesmen distributed price lists to about 100 taverns and restaurants in Manhattan.
He is a man indebted to snow, and because of that, he seldom tires of blizzards and drifts, boxed-in automobiles and slippery sidewalks, cold feet and unwieldy shovels.
Ms. Olivieri bought her parents out of their dry goods store in the late 1960's and since then has invested several million dollars in her two stores and real estate in downtown Truckee.
One of the few inexpensive lodgings in Beverly Hills is the bedand-breakfast-style, 50-room Beverly House Hotel, (310) 271-2145, fax, (310) 276-8431, 140 South Lasky Drive.
"I've been going to the Final Four for the past nine years," he said.
Computer-based maps are not new.
Motorists should be encouraged to conserve, not overuse, their deceptively cheap fuel, as a way to lessen the environmental impact of emissions and to reduce the nation's dependence on imported oil.
''We continue to believe that is one of the most egregious things,'' she said of the vending boxes.
Our elections are not for sale to some foreign influence, or some foreign interest.''
In the United States, tequila has usually been mixed with fruit juice and Cointreau to buffer its punch.
Among them was Aleksandr Kharlamov, a Washington prospect who is the son of the late Valery Kharlamov, a superstar who also played in that fabled series of 1972.
"We get 6,000 pounds of calcium from trees a day," Mr. Moore said, and some in the industry favor returning that and other chemicals to the forest to enrich soils depleted by repeated harvesting.
''People are in the mood to spend,'' Mr. Lagnado said.
There are a few town house developments and a 960-unit apartment complex.
Time Warner is the nation's second-largest cable operator.
Nor did she or other trustees file conflict disclosures until this year, despite annual recommendations to do so from an auditor, Deloitte & Touche, since 1992.
Mr. Kuehnoel was also charged with possessing and transferring two machine guns.
Again it is the metaphoric possibilities of diversions, rather than their literal, amusement or recreational value, that provides the artists with interpretive scope.
Credit Clinton with good arm-twisting to get that language, though it was vitiated by a promise to pay money to Arafat's organization even before he proves his ability to root out Palestinian terror.
As it turned out, Ms. Fornes could not have appeared on stage without permission from the United States Treasury Department, which administers the American trade embargo against Cuba and had not reviewed her case.
THAT night I fell asleep beneath a pink quilt in a small room at Lady Catherine's B & B, with a shared bathroom across the hall, slanted ceilings and a rocker.
In the summer, relations were further strained when she privately questioned the effectiveness of his plan to spend $770 million to reduce primary-school class sizes.
Some have covered their eyes.
's without losing the rights available to patients in the traditional Medicare program.
The astute, funny record of a valedictory tour of Britain by a good-natured Iowan who learned and loved its insular peculiarities during almost 20 years of residence.
''But for the last seven years, geese have been staying, with absolutely no intention of leaving at all.
By adding Continental to its own 500,000 subscribers in the Atlanta area and its existing cable alliance with Time Warner Inc., U S West will have access to 16.3 million households, the widest reach of any cable operator in the country.
The clinic is a know-before-you-go program, offering consultations for $100.
''Oh yeah, he salvaged something,'' Yankee Manager Joe Torre said.
Ms. McDermott signed a new two-year contract last May with NBC, a unit of the General Electric Company.
The bridegroom's father owns the Production Tool and Equipment Company, a machine-tool maker in Bala-Cynwyd, Pa.
The United States has a program to address this aspect of the proliferation problem.
The cave on the outskirts of Quedlinburg where the treasures were hidden was being used as a mushroom farm.
There's an additional $56 charge, covering all the passengers, for the tour vehicle.
Engquist, 32, began competing again in the spring, and has not lost a race in 12 meets this season.
Johnson is different from Mason, weaker defensively, but more versatile offensively.
"I ate so much cottage cheese," she once wrote, "my teeth curdled."
Here people slammed on the brakes, and the result was that godawful buildings erupted somewhere else.''
For now, accountants and other tax planners have few definite answers for clients like the car dealer.
"The truth is that over the last 30 or 40 years, there has been a staggering amount of really extraordinary work on television," said Steven Bochco, who helped create "L.A. Law," "N.Y.P.D.
Factories in China do a thriving business recycling wastepaper, fabric and other scrap materials from overseas.
Instead, its planners decided that the most palatable solution was to transform the bread itself.
The conflict in KwaZulu/Natal was encouraged by the previous white-led National Party government, as part of a divide-and-conquer policy.
Be rude to her children?
This choir, which makes two-week spring tours, has marketed its recordings, for Gothic and Westminster labels, on the QVC home shopping channel.
In "Bess, You Is My Woman Now," high notes hung suspended in the air as he slid to the lower register to create an otherworldly vibrato.
But in the week leading up to today's vote, one of the candidates, Clint Day, has managed to drive in another ideological wedge.
Instead, they were spending more on all kinds of health care, both charging more for the services they provided and providing more services.
First, the Mayor joined with the City Council leadership to support legislation imposing strict rules on four major wholesale produce and meat markets similar to the ones put in place last year at the Fulton Fish Market.
The remaining Fed policy meetings are scheduled for Nov. 13, which is eight days after the Presidential election, and Dec. 17, eight days before Christmas.
At least for the time being.
''The volunteers do things above and beyond the call of duty when they respond, and I've never heard a single complaint about them.
As of 11 P.M. yesterday, Hurricane Edouard was 470 miles southeast of Cape Hatteras, N.C., and was wobbling north at 12 miles an hour, packing winds of up to 125 m.p.h., which means it was capable of causing extensive damage, according to Martin Nelson, a spokesman with the National Hurricane Center in Miami.
Assemblyman Paul E. Harenberg said it was too soon to comment on the effects of the welfare proposal.
All of which gives a lopsided spin to any talk of health care costs.
(AP) GOLF Klein Takes Lead Emilee Klein shot a six-under-par 66 yesterday to take a one-stroke lead over Pat Bradley after the rain-delayed second round of the L.P.G.A.
Mr. Weller views the concert series as a vibrant way to call attention to these stunning manuscripts.
"It's considered a reasonable price to complement the $2,000 they spend on the PC."
''I knew it all along,'' Coach Dan Reeves joked.
The former officer, George DeLuca, 54, who was convicted on Dec. 7, was also sentenced for money laundering and using his police revolver while drug trafficking.
She is moved to tears by the singer's plea for love and by a stage set depicting the planets on their lonely orbits through the void.
Twins 6, Mariners 3 Brad Radke (8-13) overcame consecutive home runs by Ken Griffey Jr. and Jay Buhner to help visiting Minnesota win its sixth straight game.
From John Day, the fossil beds lie to the west: for the Sheep Rock Unit, turn north on State Highway 19, which intersects with U.S. 26 38 miles west of John Day, and proceed 2 miles to the visitor center.
One of the more routine duties of the bomb squad is taking calls from people who find explosives in their homes.
Ed Mitchell's sons, Jack and Bill, like to think they are catering to their neighbors just as their father did, but those neighbors now are top executives at General Electric and Dun & Bradstreet and the scores of other corporations that have transformed Fairfield County.
But critics say some of the station's hosts do not do even the most basic screening for truth.
It is the commission that must decide by April whether to reappoint Mr. Williams as leader of the 9,200-officer force.
Pitching in contrast is Andy Benes of St. Louis.
But Steven A. Galef, Mrs. Galef's husband, observed that women can often afford to go into low-paying political jobs -- for example, in the County Legislature -- when men cannot.
"My motive was to do my duty as a physician," he said.
Even the ever-blooming African violets take a breather or two during the year.
Mr. Forbes tried to portray his decision to change his advertising strategy as a sign of his growth as a candidate.
The deficit with China -- $3.3 billion, or 40 percent of the total American deficit -- came as the Commerce Department reported a surprisingly large decrease in the nation's overall trade gap for June, down to $8.1 billion from $10.5 billion in May.
The division would then inspect the property, notify the landlord of its findings and give him an opportunity to respond.
On the proliferation of anonymous sources, he is too gentle.
For them, the day marked the passing of an era.
And that alleged kinder, gentler George Steinbrenner is the same old bag of wind for saying he would have suspended a Yankee for doing it.
Philip DeChico, a Roman Catholic priest, officiated at Christ the King Church in Mashpee, Mass.
Investors probably do not need to be reminded that the outlook for metals markets can change quickly, as demonstrated by the Sumitimo disaster, which knocked the bottom out of copper prices.
No one should impose on me my collective memory or history."
A few days can make a big difference when it comes to filing a lawsuit.
Here lie two worn stone effigies from the destroyed church, known variously as "The Lovers" and "The Good Marriage."
He graduated from Hunter College and received a master of arts degree from Columbia University.
test, showed a high level of the substance, and a subsequent biopsy found "microscopic" cancer in the prostate, he said, adding that the cancer had not spread.
You cannot ride a train from Dallas to Houston or from Cincinnati to Cleveland.
If the Israelis are right, then failing to crush Hamas would lead to the same end.
And Snickers finally pounced this week, with full-page ads not only trumpeting the San Diego third baseman's efforts, but also suggesting that the rest of the league should be grateful that Caminiti hadn't called for the king-size version.
First we take their money, then we get rid of them.
Ms. LeBlanc handled the filigree in "Nobles seigneurs, salut!"
The great range of altitude along the road means that colorful areas can usually be found throughout the entire month of October.
But not everyone is laughing up here at the lawmakers' initiative.
alumnus, was booed when the scoreboard showed him wearing a Bruin hat.
The debut of Johnson, the tall and muscular receiver out of Southern Cal, is expected to be the main story.
It is one of the many vocalizations (sniffs, hisses and huhs) that he uses to color his lyrics.
Echoing arguments made by some third world leaders, he questions the cultural implications of family planning.
He watched as Javier Rodriguez, who drove a compact taxi, siphoned gas from his tank to the Zephyr.
The two teams will meet again Wednesday in the opening round of the Big East tournament.
"Voters across the country are realizing that the election of 1994 was not an election to eliminate environmental protection," Mr. Flicker said.
But the device had made its first impression on the commission, and it was a bad one.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation made him one of its "10 Most Wanted Fugitives" in March 1995 -- a first for an accused drug trafficker.
In the maze of pain Mrs. Allen's life has become since the July 17 crash, there is special agony, for her son Ashton simply vanished.
As in Murch's canvases, Ms. Woods's studies have a captivating presence, although she achieves it without the use of color.
His daughter, Gretchen, kept her distance.
(Canadian cities like Vancouver and Toronto are often used for filming by Hollywood studios because of the cheaper dollar.)
"Growing up and being around the N.B.A., I'd see guys come up and take awhile before they made it," he said.
The Labor Department said the Producer Price Index fell one-tenth of 1 percent in May.
was an excellent defensive move that gained a precious tempo by threatening to mate beginning with 31 .
KICK THE CAN Luna Stage 6 Erie Street, Montclair Through May 5.
Meanwhile, he dashed off "Briar Rose," his variation on the Sleeping Beauty myth, to be published next year.
A 1994 survey by The Washington Post indicated that 60 percent of the county's black residents once lived in Washington.
Installed as the new firm's managing general partner was not a person but a family partnership owned by the Cantors.
Commercial banks go to the Lombard window when liquidity on the open market runs dry and they are unable to borrow there.
In a country of unending tragedies, hundreds of poor families have been moved out of the way to make room for luxury hotels and a golf course.
He continued: ''But I'll tell you, that Gates is an extremely ambitious man, who I don't think wants to go down in history as just a guy who opportunistically got ahead because of the inability of white people to tell the difference between black quality and black fraud or black quality and black mediocrity.
It more than succeeded, transforming itself over the years into a competitive powerhouse.
The resolution's sponsor, State Senator Ben Atchley, a Knoxville Republican who is the majority leader, said the resolution was an effort to reaffirm moral standards.
6 post in the gate.
Investigators said Mr. Seda shot his sister, Gladys Reyes, 17 years old, in the lower back just after noon inside the apartment he shared with her and their mother, who was not at home at the time.
On May 17, Miss Blumenthal was found hanging from a bedsheet in her cell.
When the Deputy Chief of Staff of the armed forces, Gen. Alfredo Filler, retired earlier this year, he was asked what he wanted to do with the rest of his life.
Whether ginseng gives you energy, improves your love life or helps you live longer has yet to be proved.
For an especially beautiful patch, go left at Pojoaque toward Los Alamos, then right on Route 30 along the west side of the Rio Grande.
1-seeded player in singles and doubles at the N.C.A.A.
Mr. Hoffa has asserted that Mr. Carey has dragged the union down by negotiating bad contracts, letting the union's finances deteriorate and failing to reverse a slide in membership.
The service is not always all that it might be, but no food detail is false, from the warm, skinny ficelles and cold sweet butter at the beginning to the chocolate-dusted almonds at the end.
The feud was fanned by the very different approaches that the twins, who are now 61, have toward life -- Jean, always firmly focused, has dominated the family's business interests for years; Van, more relaxed and restless, largely left that business behind two decades ago to study ecology in the Bahamas.
Tucked into the new school governance bill passed by the State Legislature at midnight Tuesday was an eight-line provision in the 24-page measure that came as a complete surprise to many, even officials actively involved in negotiations on the bill: the creation of new borough-level deputies in the school administration.
And how long will this skin last?
In the survey, pharmacists were presented with prescriptions for drugs that, when taken together, can be risky, or even deadly.
But they are also left free to arrest suspected war criminals on their own authority.
Instead, the defense argued that the killing was the result of a burglary gone awry and tried to rebut the prosecution's assertion that Mr. Davis had tried to sexually assault Polly.
The Chechens were aided in this effort by ''donations from our foreign friends,'' said Akhmed Zakayev, one of the rebels' top commanders, and others.
About 127 people in 100,000 get this disease, according to a standard textbook.
If the enterprise in general blurs the clear outlines of the finished product -- questioning the notion of the text as art object prized by generations of American New Critics -- in the case of Proust it has reached the point where one almost has to question whether there is any such thing as a definitive version of "In Search of Lost Time" (the more accurate rendition of Proust's title, used by Ms. Kristeva's translator, Ross Guberman, rather than the old "Remembrance of Things Past").
The world's fifth-ranked player and this year's Australian Open champion was seeded fifth for the clay-court tournament.
The teacher resource center materials can relate to such other curriculum areas as astronomy, earth science, aeronautics, mathematics, physical science and life science, Eastern officials said.
In summertime diners can take in a scenic view, a row of quaint summer cottages that once belonged to scallop fishermen and Peconic Bay, with Shelter Island in the distance.
Union officials said today that with about 97 percent of the ballots tallied, Mr. Carey led with 224,292 votes in his bid for a second five-year term, or 51.8 percent percent, while Mr. Hoffa had 208,896 or 48.2 percent.
The Senate version of the spending bill, now being worked on in a conference with House members, adds billions more for job training and education programs -- areas the House freshmen had earlier hoped to cut back or eliminate.
"This is proof-positive of how effective they are in making the case to America."
Hambros P.L.C., a British investment bank, said yesterday that its pretax profit for the year that ended on March 31 fell 44 percent amid a reorganization of its investment businesses.
In 23 minutes of green-flag time, there were two oil leaks, an engine failure, a minor pit fire and a crash.
"Based on our experience here in past storms, I believed we would operate pretty well," Mr. Nelson said.
In Claude's case, his parents were killed when he was 2 in a car accident, then he was in an orphanage, then he was adopted by the French ambassador to several different countries throughout the Middle East, where he was the victim of child sexual abuse.
Some glaucoma sufferers use it to lower the pressure in their eyes, and people with multiple sclerosis say it can ease spastic episodes.
''Expansions do not necessarily die of old age, but they become feeble,'' the bank's analysts say, predicting that the Fed will have to cut short-term interest rates next year because of ''below trend growth.''
Its average price for crude oil rose $3.05 a barrel.
2 executive, John Fitzgerald, would leave the agency after only eight months, effective immediately.
The Hoyas trailed for a total of 24 seconds in the first minute, when the Huskies held a 3-2 lead.
But industry analysts say it was not that the idea failed but rather that the retailer did not emphasize real estate.
Hasbro stock, which has been a laggard in recent years, shot up by $9.875 yesterday, to $40.50, on the American Stock Exchange.
Ms. Norwood gestured out the window toward Willis Avenue and 148th Street.
George E. Pataki's proposed mental health budget marks a dramatic shift in direction.
Tonight, it didn't get in the way of winning and it may have helped winning.
It's also a soccer and field hockey field.''
A fat check was much to be wished for, especially before the holidays.
Those sheets and that bedspread, along with Mr. Reles's suit case and crime scene photos, are now in the archive.
(AP) HORSE RACING Rough Quest Prevails Rough Quest survived a steward's inquiry yesterday to win the Grand National, the world's most famous steeplechase, overtaking Encore Un Peu with about 200 yards to go.
Crime and Justice LEGISLATION SIGNED Allows family members of a slaying victim to speak at the sentencing of the defendant.
They soon encounter a community of stray dogs who reside in an abandoned warehouse.
And Home Depot, a 10-minute drive south on Bridgeport Road, is building a 140,000-square-foot store.
King put in an offensive rebound.
Baldwin+Hompson, as they were known, published ''Aqui!,'' a poster periodical featuring their own work as well as that of the artists Gilbert and George, General Idea, Les Levine and Barbara Kruger.
The Woolf Award, named for a standout jockey of the 1930's and 1940's, will be presented at Santa Anita early next year.
We don't know where the cameras are, or when the patrols are.
This is why this team plays best when its back is against the wall.''
The Ludwigs later gave Cologne scores of works by Picasso, which led to the construction of another museum.
Mid-America has occasionally bragged to its members that it has driven the Green Bay market price upward by aggressive buying on their behalf.
He two-putted from 30 feet for birdie there and then eagled the next par 5, the 556-yard sixth, hitting a drive of 330 yards and a 5-iron the remaining 223 yards.
said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire the Aladan Corporation, an American maker of medical gloves and condoms, for $69.5 million.
"The thinking was you had to be good-looking, speak well, socialize with other people in the league and be a former player to be a successful g.m.
We want to be prepared for something similar that happened in Los Angeles," Stillitano said of the home opener against the New England Revolution.
Indeed, Mr. Kemp's influence in Mr. Dole's campaign has been so extensive that it was the subject of some testy joking at Dole headquarters during some of the more beleaguered days of these past few weeks.
For example, Mr. Weinstein said, a sponsor cannot act as a proxyholder for other board members.
Not even Harlan's father, however, reckoned with his determination.
Ms. Kazanjian was among 300 who marched through the convention hall to protest the vote.
As Everett searched, his concern began to grow.
To the Editor: Among the initiatives to revitalize downtown Manhattan with 24-hour activities, special mention should be given to the joint efforts of the Alliance for Downtown New York and the Landmarks Preservation Commission to breathe new life into the Stone Street district.
A seat in the last rows of the balcony cost between $1.20 and $1.80.
Now, on the move again, they marched out, heading to the north, leaving the empty shells of the camps behind.
2 by Larry Alan Smith, the Hartt School dean.
Championship in an attempt to persuade him.
''He won't be coming here anymore.''
He appeared that night before millions as he does in his home, his blue eyes and square jaw as lively as in the movies, but attached to a body as immobile as marble.
; Swedish truck maker Scania A.B.
But notwithstanding Orvieto's relative comfort, which was the reason that Mr. Armanini chose to turn himself in to officials in this particular town in central Italy, he has now appealed to President Oscar Luigi Scalfaro for clemency, arguing that his punishment is way out of proportion to his crime.
Garden Open House New York Botanical Garden, 200th Street and Southern Boulevard, the Bronx; (718) 817-8747.
WHEATON VILLAGE Gift Emporium of American Craft, an exhibition and sale.
No, Pedro knew exactly what he was doing and, being rigorously honest, wanted to bring an awareness of AIDS and homosexuality to an international audience.
''The danger was that the judges would see a computer screen and, because it looks like a television, they would think of it as a television,'' Christopher A. Hansen, the lead counsel for the civil liberties union, said in an interview today.
Mr. Moore gets his apple specimens from catalogues, special horticultural suppliers and other hobbyists.
Many of Dr. Strauss's earlier books remain in print, including the influential ''Social Psychology'' (1949), written with Alfred Lindesmith and now in its ninth edition, and ''Mirrors and Masks: The Search for Identity'' (1959).
But by midnight, the deal began to unravel when Mr. Silver tried to get assurances that Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani would use the tax revenue for additional police officers and school repairs, not for closing the city's budget gap.
It is possible to experience oneself as "Living Too Long," as Michael Norman reports (Jan. 14).
The gift-giving ante has risen high in these 90's.
Speculation that Mr. Barry might step down, once an unimaginable development, has gained momentum in the last week, which is widely regarded as one of the most unusual weeks in the city's recent history.
The Nintendo Company said today that it would postpone the introduction of its new 64-bit game machine in Japan until June 23.
Even after Mr. Shuster had rendered Mr. Siegel's fantasy in ink, it took the partners several years to find a publisher willing to accept their creation.
"Obviously, it hasn't been easy in the last couple of years."
They are looking now toward the 50th anniversary of the Marshall Plan in early June as a good symbolic date.
's commissioner, Paul Tagliabue, Ahlerich has been upgrading some facets of the league's security operations.
Sally Melovitz, another visitor and one of Mr. Spadafino's former bakery employees, said between mouthfuls of chocolate scraps, "This is really good; it hits the roof of your mouth and just melts."
Hundreds of dressed-up people, who had come to Battery Park City for outdoor cocktails before the American premiere of ''Chimere,'' a performance by the Zingaro Equestrian Theater Troupe of France, ran, in vain, for cover.
And in this particular holiday reverie, the wise men with flowing robes and precious gifts have been replaced by wise guys in long leather coats demanding tribute.
If devastation of African economies and obstruction of the difficult path toward African self-sufficiency is the price that American charities feel is appropriate to pay, they should reconsider the use of the term "charity."
By moving a few tanks and barrels, his small winery can be converted into an intimate little concert hall.
To represent the 1970's, the curators again turned to more personal work, finding evidence of African's continuing transformation in the way the portrait tradition was expanded and redefined by younger African artists.
As part of the renovation, the first-floor retail store is to be connected to the new second-floor salon with an elaborate staircase, Mr. Klein said, and the store will become Elizabeth Arden's flagship.
Mr. Johnson, who had issued a statement outlining his opposition to the death penalty on May 7, 1995, the day that New York re-enacted the death penalty, promised to "weigh the facts" against Mr. Diaz in the 120 days alloted him by state law.
Other Hospitals With Breast Units Other hospitals besides White Plains Hospital Center offering new breast imaging technology include the following: *Westchester County Medical Center in Valhalla, which offers stereotactic biopsy, ultrasound mammography and breast M.R.I.
In Brief PBHG Emerging Growth, which has been closed to new investors since April 1995, reopened this month.
The season is five games old, and already the Knicks have become a degree-of-difficulty team.
But never the lowly hamburger.
It comes with 35 acres and a one-acre swimming pond.
I don't much care how Gooden pitches on Sunday and I surely don't care if they get Denzel for the movie.
''He could've blown the cover off this one,'' said Joseph M. Accetta, a lawyer on the staff of Westchester County Surrogate Court Judge Albert Emanuelli, who is hearing a lawsuit involving the 1938 baseball.
"Lee Teng-hui thinks he's Moses right now, but if he gets a mandate, he will think he is God," Mr. Hsieh said.
(Ages 8 and up) The sequel to "War Boy," the author's illustrated memoir of his early childhood in Britain during World War II, begins in the summer of 1945 and continues into the mid-50's.
Other late dollar rates in New York, compared with late Wednesday, were: 1.1869 Swiss francs, down from 1.1872; 5.0445 French francs, up from 5.0375; 1,565 Italian lire, down from 1,567; and 1.3680 Canadian dollars, unchanged.
In the evenings, Ms. Cuevas said, ''the chaos is now gone.''
The Lions begin a quest for their fourth straight N.C.A.A.
Its stock rose 25 cents yesterday, closing at $46.25 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The hotel is surrounded by three beaches and has an 18-hole golf course, eight tennis courts and two pools.
Mr. Robinette said no but gave permission to search.
That moved into dance rhythms, with the bassist Reginald Veal plucking strings and the trumpeter Marcus Printup blasting away, always suggesting the blues.
He has plans for his foundation -- to devote his time to youngsters in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, as well as in South-Central Los Angeles, explaining to them that there are no limits to what they can achieve.
And not just in Catholic schools.
WELL-HEELED Easterners seeking health cures made Santa Barbara famous in the 1880's; they were soon followed by robber barons and industrialists tired of New England winters, who in turn attracted artists, spiritualists and exotic hangers-on.
and Mrs. Clark and Percy,'' (their cat) it is one of the most popular paintings in the Tate Gallery.
If he read about a natural disaster or saw television coverage of a medical emergency, the victims might soon be opening envelopes containing $5 or $10, usually urging them to ''save your postage'' by not sending a letter of thanks.
The contractor, Thomas J. Petrizzo, made the admission as he pleaded guilty to racketeering charges.
''She's been preparing for this show all her life,'' said Jim Paratore, president of Telepictures Productions, which produces the show.
''Cash works fine, and getting people to replace something they are quite happy with is very hard.''
''There are all kinds of reasons why people don't come at other times,'' she said.
Not unless Magic Johnson comes back, and who, given O'Neal's presence, wants to guarantee that won't happen?
J. Parker, the Army kicker, later added a 28-yard field goal, his third of the game, to give the Cadets an insurmountable 23-7 lead.
As for the casting, if not Ms. Parker, who?
In the pitched battles between preservationists and developers, Mr. Rubinow was often on the winning side.
The term originated as a derogatory name for the Serbian military in World War II.
Even longtime insiders are just beginning to understand the nature of that power: how Microsoft acquired it, preserves it and exercises it.
"This is indeed a tragedy, but it was all self-inflicted, knowing and intentional and neither defendant has shown remorse," Judge Spatt said.
It's dead, but somehow it won't lie down.''
In a signal that he may veto a bill to make English the official language of Suffolk County, County Executive Robert J. Gaffney issued a statement today saying that he would oppose the measure if he concluded that it singled out Hispanic people.
Ilia Kulik, 18, of Russia, led Eldredge after Wednesday's short program, but landed only one triple-triple combination tonight and had to settle for the silver medal.
Rita Hayes, textile negotiator of the United States trade representative's office, was also to discuss a new China-United States textile accord in talks with China's Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation, an official of the United States Embassy said.
In 1989, a Federal indictment in Jacksonville, Fla., accused Mr. Vesco of cooperating with Carlos Lehder Rivas, leader of the Medellin cocaine cartel, to persuade the Cuban Government to allow planes loaded with drugs to fly over the island.
In the Ninth Congressional District in southeastern Indiana, Lee Hamilton, a Democrat, has held his seat for 30 years -- although he had a scare in 1994, when he was re-elected with only 52 percent of the vote.
J. Roy Rowland and Louis W. Sullivan: Supply-side medicine.
''Heye never set out to create a Navajo blanket collection,'' she said.
The reason for Mr. Dole's good humor was a subject of much speculation by his staff.
Every one of the company's 300,000 workers journeyed around copies of this particular learning map in 1995.
On Monday, July oil had surged $1.80, to $22.14 a barrel, the highest price since May 22.
And she said that rather than being criticized, her office should be commended for not trying to hide the errors, something she said that was not always done in the past.
The medical panel, if approved, would report to the court during a September 1996 hearing to determine the value of the claims.
Then, too, residents of the low-income housing development were tolerated but hardly welcomed into the community.
The book's very title hints at the mixed blessings of German reunification.
As president of Fisk, for example, he persuaded black colleges to strengthen their standards by adopting the Scholastic Aptitude Tests as part of their admissions requirements.
Both sides say they are optimistic a resolution can be reached.
She has irritated three successive mayors, and last week City Hall got personal.
But the organization's officials said the Government did not hand them an ultimatum.
"You can call it burned out, tired, whatever, but I think when you're conditioned to work, and work and work and work, it carries over late into basketball games."
As it has done in other places where American troops are stationed, like Korea or the Persian Gulf, the company rolled early into Bosnia to set up satellite dishes and phones at every United States post of any size.
The best preventive maintenance, Mr. Pfisterer said, is to shovel the roof immediately after a snowstorm and clear ice from the gutters.
He referred to the Interior Minister, Prince Nayef, a brother of King Fahd, in his description of the status of the investigation in Saudi Arabia.
''Where is the heart of this Congress?
Mill Valley, Calif., June 18, 1996
"What the Rural Studio is doing really speaks to the students' desire to build something," said George Gintole, an associate professor of architecture at the University of Texas at Arlington.
The bomb exploded in the Croatian half of the city.
They failed to score a basket over the first five minutes of the second half, while the Friars tallied 8 straight points to regain the lead en route to a 14-4 surge and a 6-point lead.
In 1993-94, while resting his knee as necessary, he scored 50 goals in 49 games; only WAYNE GRETZKY has scored 50 goals in fewer games.
Her translation of ''Eugene Onegin'' is easily available in the Modern Library edition of Pushkin's collected works; it still rivals (and often exceeds) the quite excellent efforts of the four more recent translators Mr. Hofstadter features in his essay.
Mr. Yokich said that while John F. Smith Jr., G.M.
But this case is very unusual; Judge Baer's decision attracted widespread criticism by editorial writers, commentators and public officials, including Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and House Speaker Newt Gingrich.
Mahler speaks when you want him to.
We demand that these kids bring their books to class and be on time (which I am all for).
Those who hope to become entrepreneurs should look at the agency's answers to common questions about small businesses, which begins, logically enough, with, ''Do I have what it takes to own/ manage a small business?''
"I do very little for myself, and I'm obsessed with the school work," Ms. Timmel said.
The man on the right was Walter Dusseldorp of the Rockland Paramedic Service.
6% The three-year notes mature Aug. 15, 1999.
In this community, where West Point and other tax-exempt government agencies own 93 percent of the property, cuts in those payments since 1987 have left the school system near bankruptcy.
''Because of my ankle, the coach told me he didn't think I was capable of making the big plays,'' Johnson said.
"Maybe finishing this, all of the 23 peaks, will take care of that somehow."
Albert Belle, with that menacing glare.
Last year, the middle school was cited as a National School of Excellence by the Department of Education, Mr. Valenti said.
The pound rose early in the session but lost ground later as investors took profits after a strong rally in recent sessions.
"The company is making major investments in improving its business, and that's holding earnings back."
"People are voting with their feet," she said, adding that a number of independent studies have found that H.M.O.
''People are pressing him to make the call,'' one Dole aide said in a panic.
He swept floors and, while still in his teens, worked his way up to a clerk's and interpreter's job at the Public National Bank and Trust Company.
American Velvet, which in the 1950's employed about 450 people in Connecticut, is one of only two velvet mills remaining in the United States.
"This is obviously not what we planned for," said Bob Shuster, who has never held elected office and moved permanently into the Fifth District only a few years ago.
Outside the mosque, groups of men, some with prayer rugs, sat silently, listening as loudspeakers carried the sermon of a preacher who in solemn voice accused Israel of violating an Islamic holy place by opening a tunnel for tourists nearby.
When the wind and the current blow the masses of hyacinths into Uganda's ports and coves, they wreak havoc on the local fishing, socking in canoes and skiffs in ports and bottling up the fish under the plants, say fishermen, whose catches have fallen sharply.
"Color of a Brisk and Leaping Day," which takes its title from a line by the poet Octavio Paz, also features Henry Gibson as an old hand at the railroad business and Jeri Arredondo as the woman with whom Lee begins a somewhat symbolic love affair.
The Giants haven't ruled out re-signing receiver Mike Sherrard, but it is unlikely he will return to the team.
This is only the law of the Fifth Circuit, and there's always the possibility it will be reviewed en banc."
In popular culture aimed at small children, there is also a moral subtext to most books, comics and songs.
It is an unnatural disaster, born of a cynical political strategy.
Missed not only our personalities, but our tennis, and the expertise and the artistry.
Mr. Yeltsin told the crowd that broad increases in wages and pensions were coming.
He had been lobbied heavily by the Texas Bankers Association.
Lidster, a veteran defenseman, was hit with a puck last Friday.
To appreciate the exhibition fully, viewers need to have some art history under their belts.
Now 37, Bargouti believes deeply in ''Oslo,'' the name by which the Israeli-Palestinian political process came to be known, after the city where the first secret contacts were made.
I've always wondered what happened to him.
Like a lot of "permanent" temps, Mr. Elliot is choosing this way to earn money so he has time and energy for what he considers his true career these days: he publishes a culture magazine about the underground music scene, a project he began three years ago while working in Chicago as sales clerk in an apparel shop.
''Woolsey is a compulsive truth-teller with a contrarian impulse, and he thought the job was a license to tell the truth, the real story,'' Mr. Zelikow said.
He said, 'I think they'll be happy someone wants to go along and they'll be happy the world cares about their plight.'
"He wants to actually effect change for working people," said Lawrence J. Hanley, president of Local 726 of the Amalgamated Transit Union.
Martin D. Franks, a CBS senior vice president, said the study had helped provoke useful discussion about what was appropriate on broadcast networks.
He lined up for 13 offensive snaps last week; today the Cowboys hope to give him 20 snaps along with his duties on defense and as a punt returner.
removing his truck and huge bags of belongings.
Mr. Perlman, the violinist, was embraced by Dr. Westheimer, the sex therapist, and listened with interest to the entertainers on board, a klezmer band.
The owner opened fire, killing 15-year old Patrick Michael Jr. and wounding his 17-year-old friend LaShawn McCauley.
Citing his recent victories in an Alaskan straw poll and the Louisiana caucuses, Mr. Buchanan urged supporters of other strongly anti-abortion candidates like Senator Phil Gramm and Alan Keyes, the radio commentator, to switch to him.
These flattering offers arrive in my mailbox surprisingly often.
Only this time the task has become all the more complicated and the consequences more painful, according to budget experts, city officials and privately even some of the Mayor's aides.
The back page was a hodge-podge of dog food, toilet paper and indigestion medicine, many with unknown brands.
Legally, Ms. Almeida noted, stores are only required to exchange damaged items.
Even the most open societies are failing to examine the many social, ecological, political and cultural consequences of a globalized economy.
... "Sometimes you see death everywhere," went a totemic line in John Guare's brilliant theatrical summation of the 1980's in New York, "Six Degrees of Separation."
When he breaks down and blubbers helplessly to Mary only moments after lashing out at her with vicious insults, he is pitiful enough to make you squirm.
Iraq has spent all the money it stashed away in secret bank accounts, and other funds are frozen.
The bridegroom's grandfather the late Dr. John P. Bowler was a founder of the Hitchcock Clinic in Hanover, N.H., and dean of the Dartmouth Medical School.
Donald Ungar, who owns 3 percent of the team, said that the lead owners, Alan Aufzien, David Gerstein and Jerry Cohen, have not discussed McMullen's bid with him and that the usual post-season ownership meeting has not been scheduled.
Last month the Government proposed a deal in which companies would be freed from export restrictions if they agreed to build such a ''key recovery'' mechanism into their products.
Disabled American Veterans has long advocated moving the Veterans Administration away from its more expensive hospital-based system toward a more efficient and cost-effective one that places greater emphasis on outpatient and primary care.
Riedel shares the offensive glory with the senior quarterback Todd Minerly (57 carries, 413 yards, 5 touchdowns), and running backs Mike Morotto (129 carries, 944 yards, 9 touchdowns) and Mike Savalli (75 carries, 521 yards, 9 touchdowns).
Even those involved in the campaign to Save the Whale(rs) concede that at least 90 percent of Whaler fans live in Hartford County or very near.
It was Ms. McCullough, a former nurse, who proposed the dog visitations.
ICT Group, a provider of call center teleservices, jumped 6, to 22.
Before this summer was transformed into the routine of game week, Manning studied tapes of last year's Kansas State defense, an aggressive group coached by Bob Stoops, Florida's new defensive coordinator.
A Shift in Standard For Environmental Rules The Clinton Administration said that it would start basing all environmental protection standards on the particular risks that pollution poses to children's health.
Amie Curran, Sandy Nader and Danielle Thornlow also had strong games.
Unfortunately, the hapless ditherings of the chief international civilian official in Bosnia, Carl Bildt, and other European diplomats have amounted to meaningless huffing and puffing.
This is partly the result of poor performance: in 1994, the return for listed companies averaged 2.5 percent, down from 11.7 percent in 1980.
''Confidentiality agreements are going to be part of your stock in trade,'' Mr. Carville predicted, restlessly prowling the lecture floor, more confessional performance-artist now than active campaign worker.
Mr. Mitchell said that based on a comparison with the S.& P. 500, American Home managed to combine an above-average dividend yield, now 2.95 percent, with a rate of investment in its own business that is about 60 percent above the market average.
What other changes are in the offing?
The garden has been beautified with tubs of flowers, posts carved to resemble pineapples and rustic wooden benches placed among the hydrangeas.
PARADISE TRANSFORMED: The Private Garden for the Twenty-first Century (Monacelli, $60) is fully as gorgeous as any work of garden porn I've ever thumbed, yet it's a whole lot more provocative.
Since the Copenhagen chapter of Hell's Angels was chartered by the California central office more than a decade ago, it has dominated the Scandinavian biker scene.
This type requires a detonator and is therefore more prone to go off accidentally, but again the control switch is fed into a pants leg.
Those lieutenant governors in New York who have refused to take the back seat over the years have found themselves banished from the inner circle of their bosses.
The team's defensive players have been told not to start publicly ripping into their offensive teammates.
I thought I wasn't any worse than what they were publishing."
REBOUNDS Some of the best theater last night was provided by DON NELSON and CHARLES SMITH with 4:27 left in the second quarter.
The ruling by the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, in St. Louis, said that while the South Dakota law would not pose a constitutional problem for some girls, it was still unconstitutional on its face because of the effect it would have on a "large fraction" of those to whom it would apply.
In 1995, AT&T paid Mr. Mandl $1.3 million in salary and bonuses, plus a one-time award of stock worth $2.5 million.
His new book, "Caught Me a Big 'Un .
Add more cream to the mushrooms if necessary and heat through.
Besides engagement limbo, Dr. Cohen includes chronic factors like a fear of flunking out of college, repeated racial harassment, living in a high-crime neighborhood and the terminal illness of a spouse.
As the millennium approaches, he whips up a creepy-crawly sense of fin-de-siecle dread with diabolical precision.
This year Dr. Shuart celebrates 20 years as president of Hofstra University.
The cycle forsakes complexity for grandeur and lament.
One warm summer day, a prominent Republican stood before a group of civic-minded people, some of them pillars of his party, and told them that the welfare system was ''unworkable and cumbersome.''
INTERLOCHEN Arts Festival, at Interlochen Center for the Arts (616-276-6230).
If so, there will be no more surprises.
Underwear at the Plaza Victoria's Secret, the lingerie company, which held its first runway show last summer, plans to make such shows a regular part of business, an acknowledgment of the need to inject excitement into underwear.
Military decorations testify to which side of that gulf the wearer stands.
You got to listen to the coach.
On Friday, while I was in Memphis, Foster told me that it was important that I speak directly with the First Lady that day.
Still, Mr. LeBow has served the valuable purpose of introducing the concept of compromise in tobacco.
I will not go into the technical details.
Aleksandr Semak, a former Devil and Islander, sealed the victory with an empty-net goal after Coach Jacques Lemaire pulled Dunham from the goal for an extra attacker with two minutes left in the game.
Or whenever he gets traded."
"But I haven't a clue what the company is up to on a day-to-day basis.
Jeremy Michael Boorda was born in South Bend, Ind., on Nov. 26, 1938, according to his Navy personnel file.
Managing Director, Michel Camdessus, and the fund's board of directors, a process that under the best of circumstances could take six weeks.
The Clinton Administration said it would raise the subject in trade negotiations next week, the first indication that China's efforts to control Western news operations -- which it regards as a national security issue -- may soon become a new source of friction between the two countries.
Too little space for display of the permanent collection is a common complaint of museums these days.
$(Page 1.$) Bond Yields Rise for the Week The bond market was also buffeted, plunging in response to Mr. Greenspan's speech and climbing on the economic data to end the day mixed.
The next hurdle is convincing them they want to do it, fast.
"The Elements" starts off with a musical and energetic blast as a jumble of male dancers explode into a frenzied whirl.
''Not to elect Denny would mean looking like a Class-B country.''
Mr. Kessel said he was concerned that Long Islanders were unaware that such a potentially damaging step was under consideration.
In addition to writing Episode 3X20, he was rewriting another episode, advising on the structure of a third and supervising the editing of a fourth.
Macho on the outside, victim on the inside, Mr. Perce has a grasp of the grand manner, of the need for heroics in playing an unfathomable, insecure man who yearns for the peace of final surrender.
Financial problems caused the abandonment of two of the scheduled events, but the final pair will go on as planned, thanks to two local organizations: Twin Cloud Concerts, which saved next Saturday's Folk Festival, and the Bayou Restaurant of Mount Vernon, which rescued next Sunday's Blues Festival.
The inside of the tube is coated with a fluorescent powder called phosphor.
He lost, as he did in two later campaigns for governor, in 1964 and 1976.
The defeat of a capable sitting State Supreme Court justice, Charles Kuffner Jr., is one example.
"The effect is really quite dramatic," Dr. Niswander said in an interview.
He also must be joined by security officers for any trip outside the center and is not allowed to have any contact with children 17 years old or younger.
In upstate New York, President Clinton also wound down his preparations at his own debate resort, the Chautauqua Institute.
And in the category of man bites dog, Texas Democrats even have a party switcher of their own: Mike Adkisson, a Republican County Commissioner who joined the Democrats in December.
''Jules knew we were quietly working to end the X-Men's contract, something we've been doing at projects throughout the state,'' said Harry Ryttenberg, a spokesman for the State Division of Housing and Community Renewal ''To us, his grandstanding behavior was irresponsible.''
The signs of a pervasive but silent mourning over abortions are the tens of thousands of mizuko jizo, or guardians of aborted fetuses, miscarried and stillborn babies and those who died very early in life.
Another woman, whose husband had been spending unreported income on an extramarital affair, was relieved of any financial responsibility because she was unaware of the affair and did not gain anything from her husband's deception.
Then, Mr. Ghaffari, his shaved head glistening with sweat, gestured to Mr. Dole and shouted: ''He's the man.
The Pillow, as it is called, is not the only icon of the dance world to have a brush with financial disaster in recent years.
Other details about the other Marcia emerged over time.
Tickets: $15-$22; $35 for buffet and concert.
Chemical Agents Czech Specialists Had Unique Role In 1990, the Czech Government, then newly freed from Soviet domination, was eager to participate in the Western military coalition forming in the Persian Gulf in response to Iraq's invasion of Kuwait in August of that year.
A history of the pseudo-Christian movement that convulsed 19th-century China, adumbrating Maoist messianism.
Every afternoon, between 3 and 4 o'clock, tea and cookies are served to guests in the main lounge.
The rent for the squalid basement, for example, was $575 a month, but the tenants paid only the $286 provided by the mother's public-assistance housing allocation.
suspended Arrow Air's operating authority for more than two months.
Once the focus shifted to baseball, the sideshows moved aside.
I was an AT&T man, but I don't feel that anymore.
Wheelchair accessibility: One step up into dining room; restrooms are too narrow for wheelchairs.
'Oh, let's have a little cafe,' we said.
Now, he is an American citizen, with a long work history at a clothing factory in New Jersey.
Instead, James expects "around 20" visitors, including high school friends and her parents and her two brothers, but she is not the ideal hostess, since the team is now at the Olympic Village.
Women are at least half the vote in this country.
And police agencies are trying to teach motorists how to react and protect themselves if they are pulled over.
Fort Worth Museum's New Home The Modern Art Museum in Fort Worth announced yesterday that it had just bought an 11-acre parcel of land adjacent to the Kimbell Art Museum for its new home.
The dollar's gains were limited by some investors' confidence that the mark would not fall lower still and the hope that Mr. Lebed's dismissal would help stabilize Russian politics.
Cornel West, who wrote the 1993 best-seller "Race Matters," lived across the street until he left to become a professor of Afro-American Studies at Harvard.
That is also the case.
The group, he said, would also like to establish a year-round cultural center.
We are talking lopsided, over-before-halftime, boring football.
''We have made no concerted effort, even though we have players on our team,'' Watson said at Yankee Stadium yesterday.
Some high-profile sales are in the offing.
The office has announced that it will decide in the next week whether to open a formal investigation.
Summer is hardly the ideal time for selling tickets, especially when the bout is on Home Box Office.
Management, chef and menu have all changed too.
Assessing the President's stands over the past few days, Ms. Molinari said, "It's President Clinton starting to get in shape to sound like candidate Clinton again with several conservative pro-family positions staked out."
The newsy headlines introduce a broad sweep of historical events, with about 1930 as a cutoff to avoid any whiff of partisanship.
Since then, the Jets have not won.
At least with college players, there would be a reasonable expectation of competition.
Where did they go wrong?
Bowne Theater, Drew University, 36 Madison Avenue, Madison.
This time the confrontation between English- and French-speaking Canada is over cheese.
"Clearly, the new people there are marching to a different drummer," Mr. Lipper said.
Stand on the earth in natural light; breathe fresh air; observe life in its natural state with the ever-changing seasons.
Ask Riley, who suspended him twice.
DISADVANTAGES The crema was thin, and the coffee only acceptable.
Mrs. Herdahl eventually learned that for 50 years a committee composed of local Protestant churches has selected and paid the salaries of teachers who go to the public schools to teach Bible classes.
Or to mention but two centenarians in my field: Virgil Thomson and Aaron Copland.
The suit, filed in March 1987, involved public statements made in 1986 and early 1987 about one of ICN's drugs, Virazole, an antiviral compound used to treat infants.
She was always sick, and she was allergic.
So what if the computer-synthesized speech patterns include odd inflections?
In a sense, I saw more, but it was farther away.
Of course, when he is not campaigning, one leading candidate in the Republican race is a media analyst.
Mr. Khola said the 1,000-foot separations met international flight safety standards.
If it is fought on the grounds of the 30 percent tax cut versus $2.8 million, we will not.''
The civic association became active about six years ago to try to bring the neighborhood up to standards set by the Town Code.
Other analysts say it may attempt to exploit its MCI connection to attract other partners in the German market.
These proposals, which include converting Medicaid and welfare programs into block grants, are now at the heart of the fight between Congress and the White House.
"One-hundred-sixty-two games is a lot of games.
They are comparing apples and oranges.
We have suffered from lies.
It was in October of 1989," she recalls.
But it's in a pool, and there's a police officer on the deck and she complained and he's arrested immediately."
Mr. Gingrich later agreed to accept a $1 advance and a standard percentage of book sales as royalty.
In the 80's, the web spread to university towns like Tubingen and Freiburg.
The brain circuits controlling sleep are highly similar in all mammals.
''Small-muscle Olympians,'' Kyle Pruett called musicians at the Norfolk Chamber Music Festival in Connecticut last month, as large-muscle Olympians were toppling records in Atlanta.
In the three weeks since the President said he would sign the bill, several states, including Hawaii and Minnesota, along with the District, have been granted last-minute waivers in spite of a request that Mr. Shaw made to deny them.
Since most students attend Bergtraum to learn marketable skills like computer programming and accounting, many would have to take additional nonbusiness courses to pass the revised Regents exams.
Instead it il'uminates character through the freewheeling exercise of the farcical imagination.
Dr. Masselink and a delegation of professors and business people recently visited so-called business incubators at universities including Harvard, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute as well as the Entrepreneurial Center at Purchase, the only nonacademic incubator on the tour.
That's what Patriots wide receiver Terry Glenn is learning as he struggles to adjust to the National Football League and recover from an injury.
You end up getting layers upon layers of mediation.
The Republicans could even talk about a Republican-inspired program called Goals 2000, begun by George Bush when he was in the White House and then embraced by President Clinton.
If he earns that much, more than Ben Hogan and Sam Snead earned in their entire careers, he wants to get the respect that comes with it.
Mr. Perry said the job of United States and United Nations forces in Bosnia "is to support the international war crimes tribunal in that task, not to perform that task, and the way we will support them is to provide the security environment so they can perform their mission."
There was no estimate on how much money might be raised, but a similar check-off for wildlife collects more than $1 million a year, Mr. D'Amato's office said.
"So much for the idea that people like doubleheaders," he said.
The New York-based World Jewish Congress, the target of the accusation, denied the assertion.
Ms. Weese sailed through the difficult passages in "Theme and Variations" in dancing that never lost its attractively glistening surface.
"Other insurers may take two to three months, but then they pay and you hear from them in the meanwhile," he said.
The amount the United States spends shipping raw materials and distributing goods has now fallen to 12 percent of total output from 18 percent in 1981.
The effort was organized by Charlene LaVoie, a community lawyer who works for free for the citizens of Winsted as part of a nonprofit trust established by the consumer advocate Ralph Nader, a Winsted native, and his sister, Claire, who still lives there.
She disapproved of the freedom her brother gave his wife and daughters.
In January 1995, a controversy arose when eight members of the school's undefeated wrestling team failed to meet the standard and were ineligible to compete.
There is art and history here to build on for tourism -- a niche midway between those two cities that Hartford hasn't developed a strategy for yet."
I tried to get it out of my mind, but it's always there.
Open daily 5:30 P.M. until 10 Sunday to Thursday, 11 Friday and Saturday.
But a few weeks later, officials in Charleston, S.C., notified the Maine state police that Mr. Godfrey was wanted there on charges of murdering his first wife in 1974.
Some scientists consider the invasion of non-native plants and animals the biggest cause of concern for the river's future.
But while there are more good women's teams every year, there are not nearly as many as in the men's game.
Her daughter and son-in-law lived down the road.
Each of the three films takes a different approach to telling its story.
In 1989 the Serbian strongman, Slobodan Milosevic, swooped down in a helicopter onto the field where 600 years earlier the Turks had defeated the Serbs at the Battle of Kosovo.
The following are the results of yesterday's Treasury auction of new three- and six-month bills: (000 omitted in dollar figures) 3-Mo.
Mr. Stavisky said that the shelter's full-time operation had been a "12-year nightmare."
What are they watching in France and reading in Russia?
This is the first poll conducted by The Times and CBS News that shows that an A.F.C.
The New York City Police Department and the transit police have since merged, but racial overtones still haunt the case.
Meanwhile, in Pine Plains, N.Y., where monthly pigeon shoots at the Indian Mountain Lodge shooting preserve have residents fighting mad, publicity about the shoots has changed nothing.
Crude oil for April delivery rose 65 cents, to $20.19, the highest price for the contract closest to delivery since Feb. 20.
PRESENTATION BY DEMOCRATIC WOMEN OF THE HOUSE Representative Nita M. Lowey of New York Representative Rosa DeLauro of Connecticut Delegate Eleanor Holmes Norton of the District of Columbia Representative Patricia Schroeder of Colorado REMARKS Representative David E. Bonitor of Michigan, Democratic whip of the House 8 P.M.
"It's not like you're waiting for someone to fall off his motorcycle."
''I was like Mike Tyson in the second quarter,'' Williams said.
They do not have to grow 12 months of the year, nor is it good for them.
To the Editor: Carla A.
The executions capped the victory of the Taliban, who have fought to depose Mr. Najibullah's successor, President Rabbani.
Broadly speaking, the Senate proposes to end farmers' reliance on subsidies that cost taxpayers billions of dollars a year.
But now, more and more top colleges are grabbing the nation's best students using early admissions programs, and they are filling significant portions of their freshmen classes before Christmas.
The officials said they were also distressed to learn that during the war Iran offered to supply Zagreb and Sarajevo with surface-to-surface missiles capable of hitting Belgrade from either Zagreb or Sarajevo.
It raised $759,000 from individuals during March, bringing its receipts for the month to $2.7 million and its receipts for the year to $9.2 million.
Faced with the prospect of being called into court to testify about human rights abuses, Mr. Balaguer's closest associates seem uncertain how to act and have sought their leader's counsel.
''And we loved our kids.''
"People of mixed race in this country haven't belonged anywhere," said Charles Byrd, editor and publisher of Interracial Voice, an Internet news journal based in Queens that has backed the march.
But in a clear affront to Mr. Saez's ability to lead board No.
One option, in the view of Father Vilardell, would be to exhibit facsimiles and keep the originals in a safe.
Mr. Shrager, who had previously negotiated a favorable settlement on behalf of Canadian hemophiliacs, then established a panel of claimants, led by Mr. Wadleigh, to advise him and other lawyers.
''I am here to tell you,'' the Kansan said in a speech full of elegant, eloquent passages, ''that permissive and destructive behavior must be opposed, that honor and liberty must be restored and that individual accountability must replace collective excuse.
''A lot of being an artist is the struggle.
The curriculum materials, which can read like treasure hunts, are expected to get students to tap into sources of constantly updated data on the Internet to conduct their classroom experiments.
''We will not agree to any phase-out of rent regulations,'' said Michael McKee, an official of the New York State Tenants and Neighborhood Coalition.
I once asked him if he was bothered, as a Christian, that Gingrich and Bob Dole divorced their first wives under questionable circumstances.
Academy in Quantico, Va., last week to polish their skills, they got a bit more hands-on experience than they had bargained for.
Pharmacia & Upjohn's agreement to license the suffix to Wyeth-Ayerst settles a lawsuit contending that the Philadelphia-based drug company infringed the trademark on Pharmacia & Upjohn's Provera product.
Confusion is normal in this war, which has seen more than a dozen peace accords and truces violated.
The new Great Wall of China.
It makes people think, 'If the art can survive, so can I.'
Mr. Mehlman's is a labor-intensive structure in which slabs with nubbed surfaces and edges that are variously straight, serrated and deeply indented stand on similar forms laid horizontally.
Payton ran his defender, Michael Jordan, through a myriad of screens, posted Jordan up and took Jordan out to 3-point land.
The auditors committed "an egregious breach of confidentiality," Ms. Eichler wrote in a May 10, 1995, letter to the senior auditor in Boston.
" She rolled her eyes.
The board also called for tighter inspections of other JT8D engines.
In February, the 19-year-old art student stopped at Look, the hair salon owned by her mother, Ricky Tambil, on East 29th Street.
Accordingly, Mr. Holthausen voted for Ross Perot in 1992, warming to his pledge to cure the deficit.
It is true that the public, depending on media preoccupations, may get temporarily excited about the national debt, welfare, crime in the streets or even flag-burning.
Most recently he was making 30 throws from 45 feet and then 45 throws from 60 feet.
"People will be looking very closely at it to see if the manufacturing sector is rebounding," Mr. Ryding of Bear, Stearns said.
The business of helping families choose is being divided between the independent educational consultant, who may already be helping the family select a suitable college, and the counseling agency that helps pick a summer camp.
Susan Isaacs of Sands Point discusses her new book, ''Lily White,'' in a program at 3 P.M. today.
Like thousands of people around the country whose hatred of government has boiled over in recent years, he has found a new authority to replace the one he no longer recognizes.
Sales at stores open more than a year rose 9.4 percent.
The Lockheed Martin Corporation, which was created in a merger last year of the Lockheed Corporation and the Martin Marietta Corporation, has replaced the McDonnell Douglas Corporation as the largest military contractor, the Pentagon said this week.
We have machines for laundry and dishes, fully automated ranges and microwaves, and a coffee maker that starts itself in the mornings.
But no sooner did Apple speak than analysts started sniping that it had orchestrated the results to make its future look rosy.
I want them to know they can never be leaders following someone else's example.
For them, taking on a prodigious renovation is almost like taking on a dare.
The Bosnian Serb leader, Radovan Karadzic, has been indicted by an international tribunal for purported war crimes and will be barred from running in elections expected to take place in early September.
In Takoma Park, Md., a Washington suburb of 17,500 people, gay residents have held leadership posts in a number of civic organizations in the last year, said Bruce R. Williams, a member of the City Council.
Industry executives have speculated that AT&T might even move up its announcement to today.
At 28 she is the grandmother of 20-something political reporting.
When Leap unexpectedly resigned its Miller assignments in December, billings were estimated at $30 million.
From there, of course, he forecasts how the Fed -- and eventually the economy -- will respond.
In a New York Times/CBS News Poll taken after the Republican convention, 52 percent of women supported Mr. Clinton and 36 percent backed Bob Dole.
"This is hard for everyone," says the warden.
The orchestra presents the Preservation Hall Jazz Band as part of the Winter Pops Series.
(Mrs. Ginoux was the model for "L'Arlesienne," which is in the permanent collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.)
Since some of the other candidates have already released their returns, the challenge was clearly aimed at Steve Forbes, the wealthy magazine publisher whose proposal for a flat tax has vaulted him to the No.
The Prudential program, Pru Choice, has a $25,000 minimum and charges 1.25 percent a year, while the Merrill Lynch Financial Advantage Service has a $100,000 minimum and a maximum fee of 1.5 percent of assets.
We're sitting on a powderkeg of money here.
The reason is simple, says Thomas G. McCall, a construction specialist with Anderson & Anderson, an Irvine, Calif., insurance broker.
Since becoming President four years ago, he has pushed aside, and in some cases into exile and jail, those who worked with him to found the Democratic Party.
In 1992, bomb designers from Chelyabinsk presented Secretary of State James A. Baker 3d, one of the first Western officials to visit the center, with a list of potential commercial projects.
In this world, a billionaire's wife is often an ornament, a woman who gives his parties and manages his houses -- not someone with political ambitions of her own.
In October 1993, thanks to a mutual friend, Don King invited the Martins to his office.
MUSTER DAY A Revolutionary War encampment and drill by the Queen's Rangers will be re-enacted during the Glebe House Muster Day today from noon to 5 P.M. in Woodbury.
Therefore, the Hispanic and black voters would have ''considerably less influence'' over the board than they have under the direct election system, wrote Mr. Patrick, who, coincidentally, announced last week that he planned to resign.
''That's their game -- money, fund raising, bond issues.''
He excelled at exquisite distillations from nature.
Further, in 1987, he moved the company's headquarters from Salt Lake City to Irvine, Calif., then back again in 1989 with little explanation.
Should the Sonics beat the Bulls again, Game 6 would be in Chicago on Sunday.
Thome, 26, who hit .311 with 38 home runs in 1996, broke the bone while swinging the bat in the first game of the American League Division Series against Baltimore.
And Peter Maurin, the French vagabond philosopher who inspired Day to open her home to the poor, is caricatured by Martin Sheen as a goofy idealistic buffoon.
Conseco, an insurance holding company in Carmel, Ind., said it would pay $21 a share in stock for Life Partners, a life insurer in Englewood, Colo.
''His accuracy keeps improving,'' wide receiver Chris Calloway said.
The other activities include a scholarship program, a library and archive.
For bulbs that are meant to be around for several years -- daffodils, scillas, eranthis and the like -- a dusting of fertilizer when the new shoots are first emerging in spring is ideal.
If America tried to wall itself off, we would simply fall behind other countries in economic creativity and growth.
And the bottom line is that South's fragile club holding may well be worth a trick whether West leads a spade or a club.
In the first five months of the year, tobacco companies spent more than $400,000 on lobbying in Albany, according to the state lobbying commission.
2 town after Whitehorse, 350 miles to the south.
To the Editor: Frank Rich's skewering of the proclaimed family values of both the Doles and the Clintons was a delight (column, May 29).
Guy Luthan (Mr. Grant) stumbling onto an ominous medical mystery.
"I wasn't ready to take on H.I.V.
Mr. Sorvino defected, but the company survived.
Fat Joe is the first to admit that he is in the retail business to make money.
It just so happens that I am drinking a martini, with gin and only a hint of vermouth.
Though wealthy and close-knit, Arjie's Tamil family cannot insulate itself from the hatred politicians are stirring up against this vulnerable minority.
The dollar finished higher against the mark yesterday as the German currency was weakened by the surprisingly quick formation of a new Italian Government.
Ward Connerly, a black member of the Board of Regents and a longtime Wilson ally who sponsored the July resolution, said: "This reaffirms in the clearest terms possible that the Board of Regents is clearly committed to decisions made back in July.
The company now expects savings from plant closings of $400 million a year after the closing of 40 percent of the plants.
The report said the air traffic controller at Cali was not to blame, although it noted that the controller said after the crash that he knew something was wrong because the pilots' requests ''made little sense,'' a sign that they were off course.
"If you look at the big picture, it's June and he wasn't even supposed to be here," Torre said.
Also contributing to the selloff was moderating weather across the country that could cause a dip in demand for heating fuels.
The Democratic committees, including the House and Senate, have accepted $417,603 since the beginning of 1995, while the Republican committees have accepted $2.8 million.
Judge George Howard Jr. told lawyers that he would not transport them and court officials to Washington for Mr. Clinton's testimony.
He thinks The Star Tribune should pay for a new election.
''Holyfield is better prepared if it's going to go a few rounds.
''Anybody who uses a Mac in the office has probably had half a dozen friends come up and say, hey, are you still using that thing?''
Mr. LeRoy said he ignores all the rumors, and promises the restaurant will reopen, in spring 1998.
I feel a duty to pass that on.''
While the odds might be against Service Corporation's offer succeeding directly, the company wants to prod Loewen's feisty founder, Ray L. Loewen, into talks.
So owners may opt to set up an ''umbrella partnership'' REIT.
Jean O'Sullivan, a mother of two grown children who lives in Albany, did exactly that; she says she gave her lawyer both mortgages on her home.
''All companies are now looking at their exposure in catastrophic-prone areas.
The affliction, whirling disease, destroys the spines of fish and causes them to swim in circles, leading to their death.
Other votes on environmental issues were expected as the Senate continued to debate a spending bill financing agencies that have been operating under temporary arrangements since the 1996 fiscal year began on Oct. 1.
''I'm not enjoying this any more,'' he recalled telling his wife, Elsie.
But once again we were turned back.
''In 1990, he sent me five yearlings to break,'' she said.
On the altar at Our Lady of Lourdes Roman Catholic Church in Montoursville, four red roses represented the four schoolchildren from that parish who had died along with 12 other youths from the town.
Heterosexual men "don't have a clue," she continues, adding: "The military wants members of a unit to bond, for the sake of morale.
But, she added, it has not been easy.
I knew that once I got out there and got loose, I'd be all right."
The couple will appeal and they are supported by numerous neighbors in a separate effort to have the town ban commercial gravel mining altogether by creating new zoning regulations.
The cuts are part of a five-year plan to trim $2.4 billion from the Transit Authority's budget.
The study did not find that the risk of disease was proportional to the length of time a woman had an implant, which puts the significance of the risk estimate in question, some said.
C13 Theater: Spring show at Radio City.
More than 100 people called to offer help, and the Mexican Consulate flew her and her children home.
Cowher was dismayed at some poor passes by Miller, particularly one he overthrew to tight end Mark Bruener, who was open in the end zone.
Her father, a former publisher of Sports Illustrated, is an executive vice president of Time Inc. in New York.
Styled on the Million Man March for black men last fall, the Multiracial Solidarity March, planners say, is to let participants "publicly and proudly affirm their multiraciality."
They wanted to be, quite simply, Americans -- and not the hyphenated Americans of modern locution.
"The only way to prevent H.I.V.
Outdoor tables are available on balmy days.
He asserted that he was cleared in 1992 by a grueling investigation conducted by Shanghai's Supervision Bureau, an arm of the Communist Party, and reinstated.
Arrayed against him is the power of the Pax, a militarized Catholic Church that offers its adherents a literal resurrection of the body.
But the athletes want to race in Europe, both to earn a living and to test themselves against the tough competition they will face in the Summer Games.
Pittsburgh got the points that won it on a third-and-8 play, a 20-yard touchdown pass from Mike Tomczak to receiver Ernie Mills with 2 minutes 11 seconds remaining.
As I tested the systems, especially in unfamiliar territory, I was reminded of a children's game: Blindfolded, you fall straight backward and trust your friends to catch you.
Letters Bob Herbert: Grief and justice.
The company also said that its 1996 earnings from operations were expected to reach a record.
* Jean-Paul Roland Galland * James Henry Hurd 3d, Glen Burnie, Md.
The music of Billings comes to us like long-buried artifacts of the everyday.
President Clinton vowed today that his second Administration would have tighter screening procedures to prevent repetition of such ''clearly inappropriate'' situations as the presence of a Chinese Government weapons trader at a White House meeting of political fund raisers with the President last February.
I had the dubious honor and distinct displeasure of closing another of our long-term consulates -- in Izmir, Turkey -- in 1993, when I was consul general there.
The way to do that is to focus on reducing harm, not on putting hundreds of thousands of nonviolent people in jail.
Do you really think it is wise to reward mediocrity with fatter paychecks?
The American Heart Association received a check for $94,000 this week from the Strokes Against Stroke program, a monthlong competition on the regular and senior tours during which the Bayer Corporation donated $500 for every birdie recorded by designated players whose lives had been impacted by either stroke or heart disease.
Also, any item signed by Michael Jordan is prized, Mr. Bussard said.
He and his wife, Carole, were supposed to meet a friend this afternoon in Centennial Olympic Park, Mr. Moore said, adding that he wanted to ask the friend to think about changing their plans, unaware the park had not yet reopened.
Rubley spent the exhibition season with the Denver Broncos before being released Monday.
And landscaping contractors within the zones who buy trees from outside must plant them within the quarantine zones.
The three leaders who met here represent three of the largest ethnic minorities in Afghanistan, the Hazara, Tajik and Uzbek groups, which together account for about 5 million of the country's 16 million people.
''These are times,'' said Prof. Charles O. Jones, a political scientist at the University of Wisconsin, ''when politicians are taking things away from voters -- cutting Medicare, balancing the budget -- rather than giving to them, and it's very difficult to remain popular.''
I am younger than Joe, who is 9 years old.
One of the new sign locations is high enough on the building to be visible from across the Hudson River in New Jersey.
And it is safe to say that after tonight, they will be remembered as a group for many Olympiads to come.
The members held a lengthy discussion about whether or not to hold a lengthy discussion.
Cream together the butter, orange zest and sugar.
''We better keep going forward with our plan to cut spending and taxes,'' she said.
For in fact, the tall tweedy, bespectacled Mr. de Villaine wears two hats, neither of them likely to fend off a winter cold.
Mr. Netanyahu's first post-election statements have stressed national reconciliation and a continued quest for peace.
Once again, amenities pay off.
Sterile Recovery Inc., Clearwater, Fla., an initial public offering of 2 million shares.
He also questioned whether Mrs. Berlis and Mrs. Pickel-Bossau -- or any Old Catholic clerics -- were priests at all in the Catholic sense.
Intuit Inc. reported a slight loss for its fiscal third quarter today, mainly because of a one-time charge.
BankAmerica's second-quarter earnings rose 12 percent, as higher fees and lower costs offset sluggish profits from lending.
It had been 20 years since I kissed him, and we never had the kind of wonderfully sloppy physical relationship that women have so easily with each other.
But the administration's own record in prosecuting other politically sensitive cases is not encouraging.
The affidavits are hard to square with tobacco industry statements denying that nicotine is addictive or is a controlling factor in cigarette manufacturing, as William I. Campbell, a former president of Philip Morris U.S.A., did when he and other top industry executives testified to the House Subcommittee on Health and the Environment in 1994.
Disney, which owns ABC, is now one of Mr. Scannell's chief rivals, though Ms. Laybourne is not directly involved with ABC's Saturday-morning programming.
He produces a pleasant green salad.
"I'm sure he's thinking about it now.
She goes back and forth between her two shops and often takes cars for test drives when they come in and again after they are repaired.
These techniques are not available to most Americans.
13 12 143 THE CELESTINE PROPHECY, by James Redfield.
''Neighbor, neighbor, don't you hide,'' the chanted.
DOLE I am opposed to discrimination in any form, but I don't favor creating special rights for any group.
Refrigerate at least two hours before serving.
Mr. Straussman once worked for Mr. Luongo, and he has left signature dishes like the robiola and truffle oil pizza on the menu.
But now the distinctive cheese packed with a strip of cedar around it is coming back.
That agreement was put together after Mr. Feeney, as low key and unassuming as Mr. Miller is high profile and flamboyant, started a company called the Hawaiian Retail Group to operate retail chains and act as a supplier to DFS in Hawaii.
"But we do not live in a world of abundant resources."
''You become so involved because every rock you turn over, you find something nastier,'' said Jack Saporito, the director of the Alliance of Residents Concerning O'Hare International Airport in Chicago.
Mifepristone is expected to be widely available soon in America and has already been used by more than 200,000 women in Europe.
As several mayors before him, Mr. Giuliani has not persuaded the State Legislature to shoulder the entire local share, a practice that is common across the country.
"This isn't the 1950's," said Mrs. Leverett, the baby's grandmother.
He says he never formally entered a recovery program; Alice Turner says he did.
On Wednesday, Michael Hanly and his partner were sprayed with hydrofluoric acid that had been discarded in a recycling container in Bensonhurst.
As a result, for many AIDS sufferers, the miseries of death are compounded.
A10 DRESSING LIKE A HOPEFUL Lamarwear, the type of laid-back clothing preferred by former Gov.
But it could result in lower taxes for some investors who do not know how to structure transactions to take advantage of the current tax rules.
Ms. Regan thinks the smile disappeared from Janith's face when the two of them endured the angry taunts of white protesters who boycotted Canarsie's public schools in 1973.
Jeronym Rafael Kubelik was born on June 29, 1914, in Bychory, near Kolin, in what is now the Czech Republic.
Jets receivers dropped seven passes: Wayne Chrebet dropped two, Keyshawn Johnson two, Alex Van Dyke one and Webster Slaughter two.
July 31-Sept. 6: ''Gay Like Me.''
We could, rather, ask the teacher: What exactly do you want your students to be able to do in class, out of class and after class?
They said that 80 percent of the women in the treatment group were no longer clinically depressed after three months, while most of those in the comparison group remained depressed for at least four months.
Eager to buy his way back into the good graces of voters before the election on June 16, President Boris N. Yeltsin has been tossing cash in the direction of nearly every worker, factory director and farm collective he can find.
Japan's trade surplus in goods and services fell 15 percent in 1995, the second straight annual decline, the government said today.
His aides cringe at such excess, as they do at other appetites that leave their boss looking undisciplined, inconsistent or worse.
Several of those songs were performed as duets with his protegee Tamara Gverdtsiteli, a young pop singer from the Republic of Georgia in her New York debut.
Start with a soak cycle in the eight-person hot tub, let the wave pool do the agitation, and then spin with the nonstop tide in the loop-shaped current pool.
Then Mr. Carter found out that Mr. Henriksen was making a movie here in British Columbia, where the ''The X-Files'' is also filmed, and he decided to bypass the agent.
Once the area is mulched, the weeds will be discouraged -- to a point.
The Japanese prospect KATSUHIRO MAEDA pitched seven two-hit innings against the Astros rookies, reaching 94 miles per hour on the radar gun.
The site is on Sutphin Boulevard between 89th and 90th Avenues, just south of the existing State Supreme Court building, which it will architecturally complement.
BILLS 4.72 4.73 6.06 10-YR. TREAS.
''Dick is very proud to have him as a supporter,'' said David Karvelas, a spokesman for Mr. Zimmer's campaign.
And are medical researchers going to change their minds yet again?
Pastas are offered as either small or full portions.
''If somebody sets fire or desecrates a synagogue in Lafayette and the same thing happens in Terre Haute, that's going to be tied together,'' said Mr. Fleischaker, who is Jewish.
For reservations or other information, call 232-1252.
Today's game hinted that Milbury has chosen the proper course.
And Wallace -- wittingly or unwittingly -- has served it well, projecting the perfect measure of aloofness, particularly in his appearance, which flouts conventional vanity in a manner that doth protest perhaps a bit too much.
Of the 100 schools on the review list, Hempstead High School is the only one from Long Island.
Currency traders said there was strong interest from Japanese banks and corporations to buy dollars at about 108 yen, which kept the dollar above that level.
Witnessing the performance was the American League president, Gene Budig, who will hold hearings later in the month on the Yankees' official complaint against the Brewers over the trade.
Even the biggest spender in baseball has his limits.
But they are art nonetheless and the dealer must accept them in payment of a debt.
Without that protection, investors won't put up the millions of dollars for research."
Some of the sharpest criticism came from Robert R. Kiley, who, as M.T.A.
The Government had bused about 600 riot policemen into Belgrade on Monday, deploying them on the outskirts of the capital.
He took a high-sticking penalty only 66 seconds into the game, but Florida could not capitalize.
Although Baylor became formally independent of the Baptist General Convention of Texas about five years ago, the Baptist organization still appoints a quarter of Baylor's board and gives the university about $4 million a year.
Here one can see Rome from the point of view of the vanquished, as the finally victorious power that obliterated civilizations it did not acknowledge as such.
He was getting things shipshape again."
At the same time, the judge had new doubts about Ms. Bayless, citing several inconsistencies between her videotaped confession and her testimony in court.
Michael Lomonaco, the executive chef at the "21" Club, will be among those honored at the event, which begins with cocktails at 7.
The termites invade the tree near its base and burrow to the heart of the tree, then eat upward and outward from there.
She also continued her work with a prisoner advocacy groups and with AIDS patients.
Unless a person is already vulnerable (AIDS patients are highly susceptible to fungal infections), most fungi can be fought off without medical attention.
Mr. De Bont, the director of "Twister," cites a scene in the movie in which Mr. Paxton stands along a rural highway eyeing the unstable sky.
Mr. Simpson has denied ever owning such shoes.
2" and "Theme and Variations."
He has never been one who played just to make the cut, but that is exactly what he is doing this week.
Mr. Yilmaz took over as Prime Minister; Mrs. Ciller was to resume the position on Jan. 1.
For cinephilia cannot help, by the very range and eclecticism of its passions, from sponsoring the idea of the film as, first of all, a poetic object; and cannot help from inciting those outside the movie industry, like painters and writers, to want to make films, too.
If you have a story about your early years in the wacky world of work, send it to On the Job, Money and Business, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
If the council approves the plan as expected, construction could begin later this month, and the plazas could open next May.
"I do drink milk," Rubin said.
Alan Greenspan, the hardly radical chairman of the Federal Reserve, warns that income inequality could become a "major threat" to American society.
prep courses, reading material at home, summer computer classes," said Joseph S. Renzulli, the director of the National Research Center on the Gifted and Talented, which is funded by the United States Department of Education.
But because of its international appeal, ''Hercules'' actually is considered a runaway success.
The lobbyist disclosure law covers both the House and the Senate.
The performance was semi-staged, with Mr. Crutchfield and the string and wind orchestra taking up about half the stage and leaving the rest to the singers.
A favorite is Bibi Sucos, 591A Ataulfo de Paiva in Leblon.
The decision, made in Oslo in 1993, allowed terrorists to shovel arms and bombs into Gaza and the West Bank, train there, then cross into Israel to murder civilians.
As for Mr. Gingrich's unpopularity, Ms. Molinari said, "Maybe I'm too close to Newt to see it, but I think he's one of the more politically sensitive people we have in our party when it comes to women and the women's vote."
The filming of "Eichmann," a Turner Network Television movie, has gone largely unnoticed here, overwhelmed by the furor caused by the film version of "Evita" starring Madonna as Argentina's legendary first lady, Eva Peron.
American Optical, with annual revenues of $79 million, is based in Southbridge, Mass.
Barbara concedes that she has missed some Debtors Anonymous meetings and has not yet been able to adhere to a budget -- she spent $3,000 to $5,000 on holiday shopping.
A homer by Huskey would have given them their first lead.
Budig said he has spoken with Richard Jacobs, the Indians' owner, "and he has assured me he will work with the league on the matter."
The newspaper praised both candidates but said, ''With Bill Clinton riding high in the polls, it is crucial that the Republican majority be retained in Congress.''
She had given up performing in 1991 after suffering a stroke.
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani officiated, and Rabbi Richard S. Chapin took part in the ceremony.
''The military has guns and ammunition and they have so much power.
What their plans are, we don't know."
He said it was "too hypothetical" to consider whether he would accept similar exceptions in a constitutional amendment banning abortions.
The restrictions were upheld by a Federal appeals court.
Crash investigators have known for weeks that the vapor-filled fuel tank exploded, but are unsure whether the blast was ignited by an explosive device or mechanical failure in a pump or other component.
"My husband was very paternalistic, and I've inherited that," said Mrs. Anselmo, whose sad eyes and weary tone bespeak a woman struggling with the pressures of settling her husband's estate.
(The student, Sarah Egan, referred all questions to the medical school.
while the deadlock seemed to deepen over the weekend, the market still rallied on Monday.
Contributions to the fund are deductible on Federal, state and city income taxes to the extent permitted by law.
Q: Last summer, Bob Dole returned a campaign contribution to the Log Cabin Republicans, a gay political club.
Mr. Stossel's suggested deterrent to the suing mania is "loser pays": If your suit fails, you have to pay your opponent's legal costs.
We are even faulted for spending those hard-earned dollars we saved for just that purpose -- to enjoy our golden years -- with statements like, "The elderly, knowing they have monthly pension checks and health coverage, are spending more during retirement."
What was particularly upsetting was my early onset of menarche and a family history that tracked cancers from my grandparents down through all of my first cousins.
''Yesterday was the last day for the judge to show the Latinos that everybody is equal in the city,'' Mr. Baez said of the decision by Acting Justice Gerald Sheindlin of State Supreme Court.
The crucial dates have been in David Cone's mind for weeks, the landmark days when he will pitch off a mound for the first time, make his first minor league start and pitch again for the Yankees.
We saw it early enough; we've been able to make major cultural changes.
Norman will pull off the old shoe, smooth the bottom of the hoof with an emery board, hold the new shoe over the hoof, then secure it by driving nails through the hoof wall.
''No,'' Mr. Clinton said, his voice low but clearly audible.
WHEN the students leave here, they need the opportunity to have had conversations that enable them to put work and study together,'' said Janet Walton, a professor at the seminary who helped put together the evening's discussion.
''Everything he does is fine.
Mr. Stoddard added that under the Federal Water Resources Development Act, 65 percent of the $60 million project would be financed with Federal money.
More than two dozen state legislatures are considering bills or amendments to their constitutions with similar language.
''That doesn't make it unwarranted.
A three-course meal for two, with wine, is about $125.
By the time Ms. Farr reaches Manhattan, her husband has already fed the couple's eclectic menagerie: a pony, two dogs, three goats, 20 sheep, some chickens, various ducks and about 30 cats.
He finished the game with one catch for 7 yards.
It had the usual hotel fare: overpriced sweat shirts and an abundance of souvenirs.
In the 1980's, the Spelling list was topped by "Dynasty," which could have been subtitled "The Dreadful Lives of the Rich and Semi-Famous."
The price range would be announced next week; subsequently shares would be bought on the market.
Deirdre Bibby, curator of African-American art at the Wadsworth Atheneum, said "He had a strong range stylistically.
In 1995, Walking had 300 ad pages, up 2 percent from 1994.
Mr. Eddington did not identify himself in the letter as a C.I.A.
''I think we can get this budget back on track,'' Mr. Kemp later said he had told Mr. Regan.
HOW TO FIND THEM: -- Call the showroom of your favorite designer and ask to be put on the mailing list for the sample sale.
Florida coaches were livid that the Rangers were not whistled for icing when Aleksei Kovalev let the puck skip under his skate.
It is quite simply cloudy every day.
Lee thought much about what historians would say.
I'd go up and play chess with him.
Users also said that the international telephone lines have sometimes been severed because of a continuing feud with the Government over whether the universities will retain their independent access once the Telecommunications Ministry system is fully operational.
MARK G. ETESS ARENA Ray Charles.
Just about the only news Bowie made this season was when he created a controversy by calling a timeout with 2.7 seconds left in a rout of Detroit just to set himself up for his first triple-double.
Campaign officials say the train will provide a populist touch and serve to take the Democrats' campaign themes outside the convention hall.
In France nothing is ever what it seems on the surface, so the French, using good Cartesian logic, think it can't be anywhere else, either.
The weighty cache, which fills eight 45-foot-long semi-trailers, was removed in November from two historic 42d Street theaters: the 93-year-old Lyric and the 76-year-old Apollo.
Instead, he wrote a $30,000 check to the Manorial Society of Great Britain and became the Baron of Newcastle, buying a 900-year-old title put on the block by an aristocrat in need of quick cash.
But covert operations don't seem to be Mr. Clinton's style.
As the trademarked name implies, a Designers' Showcase gives interior designers a way to show their work with the backdrop of a private home.
The new ingredient, Replace, contains thickeners and stabilizers as well Oatrim to lower cholesterol.
The supporting cast at the office is wonderfully mordant.
Scarcely six months later, Mr. Gorman was back in an executive suite, this time at the International Paper Company, the world's largest paper manufacturer.
David Beirne "likes the spotlight," said Tom Rodenhauser, the editor of Executive Recruiter News.
Reservations can be made by calling the opera company at 946-4555.
At the Barnum, said Linda A. Altshuler, the museum's executive director, it helps mark the 125th anniversary of Barnum's first circus.
Not flashy, and often self-deprecating, Van Gundy's assessment of his talents has almost always amounted to a few words: "I just like to coach."
The legislation follows last year's Helms-Burton Act, which penalizes foreign companies that do business with Cuba.
It sounded as if it had been pitched next to Niagara Falls.
The bride's previous marriage ended in divorce, and so did the bridegroom's.
"The first thing that came to mind was karaoke."
Ms. Staub denied a report that Mr. Catacosinos had asked the authority to lay aside any plans and make its best offer to buy the common stock.
We'd have to go easy on the swirling.
The computer program offers suggestions for different approaches for longstanding problems like prostitution.
It was to begin its dismantlement.
No Presidential campaign has reported coming this close to the spending limit this long before its convention, or, as Clinton campaign officials phrased it, "no one's been this broke this early."
"Nineteen ninety-four gave us all a real heads up," she said of electoral gains by conservative Republicans.
To go with the romantic chiffons, organzas and filmy silks of such designers as Richard Tyler and Mary McFadden were delicate accessories like flowing scarfs, narrow belts of chain or leather, thin bangle bracelets with floral designs, and airy sandals with high heels.
''He made me feel there is hope.''
Mr. Clinton in 1992 had criticized President George Bush for trying to use economic ties to change China.
They say they are already experiencing shortages of good space for tenants who want to expand.
service at Grace Church in Maryland Heights, Mo., a St. Louis suburb, "In the loss of so many souls, God must be crying, too."
Wash, trim and cube tomatoes, and add to zucchini and onions after zucchini has cooked a few minutes and begun to brown.
He made two stabs at a doctorate at East Anglia, abandoning both.
Mr. Harnoncourt, who has extensive experience conducting modern orchestras, brings his knowledge of period practice to bear without sounding pedantically "authentic."
''I am a human being.
"She had no basic training," said Aileen O'Toole, an editor at The Sunday Business Post, where Ms. Guerin first worked as a reporter.
The Florida rookie Edgar Renteria had a two-run single in the seventh inning to extend his hitting streak to 21 games.
It isn't just that he's the writer who gets people up from the breakfast table and headed to the phone, that he's the one who has them lining up at the box office the next morning, that when he likes something he writes so beautifully, exictingly, about it.
His benefits include a sabbatical and severance pay, life and property insurance and the use of a $1.15 million condominium in Manhattan, with an option to buy it from Adelphi for $905,000, in addition to the presidential home at the campus in Garden City, L.I.
We're able to implement a real middle school program for grades six, seven and eight.''
He wouldn't part with Ewing.
ALEX DAL PIAZ New York, Sept. 18, 1996
If Hollywood made a movie about almost any Tour since 1991, the plot would have Indurain build a small lead in the first time trial early in the three-week race, pull away in the mountains and stomp nearly everybody in the second time trial near the end.
Sung artists had risen to the peak of naturalistic representation, hiding the brush stroke by using washes; they wished to delete themselves graphically from their work.
The county has been able to put only 160 women with dependent children to work because it has little money to spare for day care.
The professor, like many in the increasingly global industry called politics, expects that the Morris affair will result in a ''Morris rule'': alarmed candidates will demand ironclad contracts of confidentiality instead of a consultant's simple handshake.
As for the radicchio and romaine lettuce wrappers, you could eat them forever.
Sunday's premiere, ''The Prodigy,'' chronicles the frantic efforts of marketing representatives to sign up ever younger children in what is called ''the search for the next miniature maestro.''
Buffy Miller is sardonically deadpan in "Molly!
''Leave it up to the six-year-olds.''
''Yet why dance if we are not going to be imagistic, metaphorical and powerful?''
And the names glittering on New York City's grand marquees during the tap craze of the 1930's and 1940's included men like Bill (Bojangles) Robinson, who danced with Shirley Temple on film, the brothers Fayard and Harold Nicholas, who performed at the Cotton Club and on Broadway, and others, like Honi Coles, King Rastus Brown and Peg Leg Bates, who tapped on one leg.
Hours: Lunch: noon to 3 P.M., Tuesdays through Fridays; brunch until 4 P.M., Saturdays and Sundays; dinner: 6 to 11:30 P.M., Tuesdays through Thursdays and Sundays, until 12:30 A.M., Fridays and Saturdays.
Cover, and cook 10 minutes longer, until the potatoes, carrots and turnips are tender.
The fans simply wanted to draw this to the team's attention.
They have argued that Mr. Lapointe, nicknamed Mr. Magoo as a youth for his short stature, thick eyeglasses, poor hearing and awkward gait, was incapable of committing the crime.
The charges brought the inquiry one step closer to Mr. Espy.
"There was nothing we could do about it."
In a hurried voice, he said that many addicts don't bother with clean needles.
Some have suggested that Mr. Buchanan, who once wrote speeches for Richard M. Nixon, will find the going tougher in New Hampshire, where social issues are generally less salient than economic issues, especially taxes.
* Scores of Texaco's nonwhite employees contend in the court papers that they were subjected to racially hostile behavior but did not report the infractions for fear of losing their jobs.
They call it cute, historic and quaint.
For the Clinton campaign, they represent even more.
''She just borrowed $10 from me today,'' he said.
His case went to an I.A.A.F.
"We're still waiting for the cutbacks from the Chase-Chemical Bank merger," he said, in which approximately 12,000 jobs are to be eliminated.
''We're making a fresh start,'' Thomas J. Nimbley, a senior vice president of Tosco who helped forge the contract, said in an interview at his office at the Bayway refinery.
But I think I'll show people I can do some things with my bat as well."
He declined to identify any of the investors by name.
The 10-member council could authorize Randy Levine, the chief management negotiator, to conclude a new collective bargaining agreement with the players union on the basis of what's on the table, or it could instruct him to try to renegotiate what he basically has agreed on.
The fears have been fueled partly because of the widespread perception that all discretionary spending by Congress will be in jeopardy and partly for philosophical reasons.
"This is not the time for elections.
That worked and, declining to quit, I clicked on the Help icon and was rewarded with a song by Lucy, but no help.
If the Governor has the opportunity to see the station's work, said John Lyman 3d, he would be able to see how efficiently essential services are provided to state businesses, businesses that generate millions of dollars for the state's economy and employ thousands of state residents.
Referring to the play's director, he added: ''Jed Harris was a snob.
The switch was not so surprising, said William Cochran, a research scientist at the McDonald Observatory of the University of Texas who knew Dr. Smoluchowski at Princeton as well.
In Texas, the Health and Human Services Commissioner, Michael McKinney, said states would receive their money's worth if they wrote contracts correctly.
After going somewhat skeptically through the evidence for encounters of the 3d or 30th kind, "Where Are All the U.F.O.'s?"
Better to be ridiculous than sorry.
They are convinced that brands like Cadillac are extremely valuable, and that younger buyers can be taught to love them.
''I knew only the popular songs such as 'Malaguena' and 'Siboney,' so I answered that I could not possibly do it, since nobody would take me seriously.
New York: William Morrow & Company.
Few ever doubted, after all, that places like Kings Point (5), Oyster Bay Cove (9), Laurel Hollow (11), Muttontown (12), Old Westbury (13) and Sands Point (14) were wealthy places.
The study blamed these substances in part for the fact that more than 1 million New Yorkers received public assistance in 1994; that 23,600 people slept in city shelters on a given night, and that in some neighborhoods more than three-fourths of the babies were born out of wedlock.
Six children were killed when a mortar shell fell near a refugee camp over the weekend, the Liberian Refugee Resettlement Agency said today.
Just the other day, I spoke with a former colleague who had faced the same dilemma.
"He went well, smooth," said his trainer, Bill Mott.
"It's not something you forget," he said.
As last week began, Arab leaders gathered again in Cairo to resurrect the myth of Arab solidarity.
Mr. Gehry has called this central form a metallic flower.
Under current rules, when residents die or move out, their apartments must be sold to the co-op board for the original price, with some minor upward adjustments.
A German nobleman, meeting the brothers for the first time, tore the medals off his chest and handed them over.
''I think the bottom-line problem in our society is that God is missing,'' said Vic Clark, 46, and a strong supporter of Mr. Brownback.
In the Middle East, the growth of Islamic fundamentalism has led to the revival of apostasy doctrines, which mandate death sentences for Muslim converts to Christianity.
''Milken is a tremendously complex figure,'' Ms. Armitage said last month after a week of rehearsals in New York.
Tyson must know what is coming, because when he was asked by an interviewer Thursday if he had ever seen a jab like Seldon's, he snapped back, ''Have you ever seen me fight before?''
"Right now the market will have to wait until next week's inflation reports to determine its next level of pricing."
CBS's longest-running and most popular program, "60 Minutes," will switch to a new format in the next few weeks that adds coverage of breaking news stories and weekly commentary by a corps of columnists, including Molly Ivins, Stanley Crouch and P. J. O'Rourke.
He was prominent as a consultant on enigmatic afflictions like sarcoidosis, a disease of unknown origin that forms lesions in the lungs and other organs and is also referred to as Besnier-Boeck-Schaumann syndrome.
He just came on board and we never actually said you're the head coach.
"It seems there will be more arrests," she said.
As I was about to say at the beginning: There are many things that the people of the United States need, but none more important than Presidential leadership in the war against drugs.
He executed it, giving the Knicks their lead back and sparking an onslaught of points and offense.
Are he and Clinton running for Pope?
Nieporent has calculated that by tacking a $10 surcharge on every meal he could operate a restaurant that did only one seating a night.
But investigators at the time said the contractor passed several polygraph tests.
Rossini's "Cenerentola" opens the regular Caramoor season on June 22 in a semi-staged production in the Venetian Theater.
SANTA MARIA: At the cozy new Hotel Praia de Lobos in Vila do Porto (96-82286; fax: 96-82482), doubles are $80.
More than 60,000 Monrovians have been left homeless by the violence, and most international aid agencies have pulled out.
''When we started, the group agreed that we wanted specifics: Don't baby us.
''The challenge to Dole is to convince the American people he means it and will do his best to see it enacted if elected.
In the notably rich and exact profile of Berlin through the ages, an ample place is also reserved for the art trade.
''Now a pedestrian has a fighting chance to get across.''
Since the program began, 16 of 400 have been formally suspended or dismissed.
That project gave him what sounds like a dead-on ear for Mr. Simpson's endless, repetitive, self-justifying monologues -- as well as insuring the salaries of the legal Dream Team.
But astonishment is probably what was being sought by a festival that included a Trisha Brown premiere to Webern and a Karole Armitage rap-ballet about the deposed junk-bond king Michael Milken.
"Bill Weld is consciously trying to carve out a spot on the ideological spectrum," said David Osborne, a co-author of the book "Reinventing Government" (Addison-Wesley, 1992), "that is different from where gravity is in the national party.
Ms. Ryan said more than 3,000 town houses were approved for construction in the 1980's in the eastern section of the township, most along Route 52.
The Ochs clan are no spendthrifts.
Red Sox 3, White Sox 2 Mike Stanley's sacrifice fly with the bases loaded and one out in the 12th inning scored Jose Canseco and gave Boston the victory over host Chicago.
But Mr. Ohn Gyaw said no protest had been lodged with the American Government because no Burmese citizen had made a formal complaint with the police.
NOV. 9 -- At the urging of a German court, executives from Volkswagen and Opel agree to begin negotiations for an out-of-court settlement to the civil dispute.
But even if he were to lose, many Alaska business people cannot imagine that a new Russian government would try to turn back the clock.
The block -- which is also within shouting distance of City Hall -- has become a battleground for competing visions.
Certainly Guam is useful militarily.
Ms. Hanover says she got the part after Mr. Forman, the director of ''One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest'' and ''Amadeus,'' met her at an event for Czech artists at the World Trade Center.
Despite heightened security procedures, there have been few long lines or delays.
Whatever the reason, the child quickly became bored and restless, to the mute consternation of everyone in her vicinity.
From June 26 to July 14, this company will lead 10 experienced canoeists on a trip of 200 miles on the Missinaibi River in central Ontario.
"I have nothing nice to say about Dieter Esch," the producer of "Pomp," said Rhonda Redd, a gallery owner and a neighbor of the park for 15 years.
It was the third 0-0 tie in the N.H.L.
The doctoral program is part of a larger plan to improve Rowan over the next decade, said Mr. James, the president.
The older Mr. Pun was on his way back to a $375-a-month job as a computer operator in the Saudi Arabian city of Jidda when the Boeing 747 of Saudi Arabian Airlines, seven minutes after take-off from New Delhi, struck a Russian-made Ilyushin-76 jet of Kazakstan Airlines that was making its landing approach.
Elevated trains still amble past the outfield, visible for a few rumbling moments, then disappearing behind the triple-decked stands.
Mr. Milosevic has told American officials that the elections would themselves solve the Karadzic problem, since as an indicted war criminal, he is banned from running in them.
It is dazzling, too, to see the degrees of magic that technique and seasonings can work on just one chicken and some water.
Now Russian foreign policy is more aggressive generally, pressing for an equal role for Russia as a world power, especially in the weeks before the presidential election in June.
According to the banks, about $32 million remains in accounts that have been dormant since World War II.
''He did another professional job,'' Mets Manager Dallas Green said of Clark.
Cut cooked potatoes into halves or quarters, depending on size, and add to yogurt mixture.
In its last road game, Orlando was whipped by the Pacers, 102-79, and a frustrated Shaquille O'Neal was ejected.
She sometimes had to perform sitting down, friends said, to guard against the pain and uncontrollable spasms of the disease.
Movies about angels are hot, and the animated story of Moses is generating as much talk as the animated flesh of Sharon Stone.
VLSI Technology Inc. will end production in its wafer fabrication plant in San Jose, Calif., by the end of 1997 and dismiss about 300 workers there.
Her skin was really dry, so they helped me put a little cream on her leg.
Sergeant Ceniceros, who is 39 and the father of two, continued: ''Our stomach just churned.
I didn't do what I needed to do to keep my body in shape.
If the idea cannot be said to have totally failed, the experience has at best been deeply flawed.
The most controversial part of Morris is his willingness to work for both Republicans and Democrats.
Mr. Goldenthal's eclectic musical score -- a blend of primal jungle calls and liturgical song with whiffs of sharp-edged jazz and Philip Glass's lush Minimalism -- is of a piece with Ms. Taymor's visual landscape.
''I don't think anybody has a clear reading of what it might mean,'' the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
''Get off the crazy stuff.
The beats were thick, simple and extremely danceable, and the disk jockey, Kenny Parker, complemented them with only a minimum of extra sounds, most of them high and trebly to offset the heavy bass.
If they find that the store -- whose certificate of occupancy is for a wholesale business -- is not selling only wholesale, the owners will probably either have to partition their store like Korea Town, with more than two-thirds shut off to regular shoppers, or stop selling to the public altogether until it gets a special permit, he said.
"Human psychology doesn't work that way."
So what did Dr. Matthews do?
She has seen the introduction of call waiting, which she welcomes, and voice mail, which she loathes.
In being so, Davenport could not veil her disappointment.
At the same time, merchandise exports fell 2.1 percent, to $149.9 billion, the first quarterly setback since the summer quarter of 1993.
By 1977 the Kahama group had been exterminated: all the males were killed and the females either killed or transferred to the Kasekela group.
Nursery school directors say parents are crazy enough.
"Much of my life has been an exercise in compensation," he said.
They became pioneers, people for whom independence was something worth fighting for.''
This center, organized by a group of local churches, runs 15 emergency food pantries and 4 soup kitchens that serve 83,000 lunches a year; it has social workers who counsel 2,500 people a year, and it operates a culinary-arts training school for the homeless.
That unexpected guest was no ghost, but Mr. Dendy in women's attire.
Bit of Broadway at Inauguration The next four years are already looking up.
I respect the decision my birth mother had to make 35 years ago -- she was divorced and already struggling to raise another child on her own.
The former wife of O. Winston Link, the 81-year-old photographer known for his black-and-white images of America's last railroad steam engines, was sentenced here today to 6 1/3 to 20 years in prison for stealing more than $1 million worth of his photographic prints.
It is neither irrational, nor invidious, however, to assume that a black resident of a particular community is a Democrat if reliable statistical evidence discloses that 97 percent of the blacks in that community vote in Democratic primary elections.
There are the Bible's Book of Revelations, of course, and quotations from Nostradamus.
Prime Minister Netanyahu, who was sworn in this week, told the Israeli Parliament that peace talks between Israel and its neighbors should proceed without preconditions.
The offer keeps hope for a Fokker rebirth alive after the adminstrators saw the list of potential rescuers dwindle in recent months.
As usual, Mr. Leonard weaves an absorbing story full of offbeat characters, funny incidents, vivid locales, dialogue that jumps off the page and curious inside information about the criminal world, like the fact that inmates in most prisons circle the yard counterclockwise when they're running exercise laps (How does he know this kind of thing?)
Jacor Communications Inc. said yesterday that it would acquire closely held Regent Communications Inc. of Covington, Ky., which owns or operates 20 radio stations in five markets.
The surgery will be performed May 28 in New York by DAVID ALTCHEK, the Mets' team physician, who performed arthroscopic surgery on the same shoulder last October.
Richard W. Hurd, a professor of labor studies at Cornell University, predicted that many opponents would support Mr. Carey if he won some clear contract or organizing victories.
ABC plans to make available to the candidates one hour in prime time the week before the election, but neither the Dole nor Clinton campaign has agreed to the offer.
For 75 meters, he appeared to have made it.
Last week he asked the City Council Speaker, Peter F. Vallone, to sponsor legislation to classify ketamine as a controlled substance, as the Federal Government does.
Frito-Lay Inc. in Plano, Tex., took top honors last night at the 10th annual Edison New Product Awards ceremony, sponsored by the American Marketing Association.
Sure I'm mad about the price of gasoline, but what I'm really mad about is having to buy the stuff just to go to the grocery.
He also declared a weeklong "stand-down," a period of reflection during which students will discuss the academy's problems and think of ways to restore its honor.
4 Hundreds of thousands of Germans protest state spending cuts.
"The house is too big for us," Mrs. DeMezzo said.
The ideal balloon flight is a slow one, with plenty of time for sightseeing and a soft landing.
The body of another person, charred beyond recognition, has yet to be identified, the police said.
The burglaries have been focused on an upper-middle-class area of about 130,000 people, at least seven percent of them Asian-Americans, one of the biggest concentrations in the state.
"The soft boot is no longer soft," he said.
Critics say that plan would simply lead to a new patronage system controlled by the councils.
Brendan T. Byrne, said that Mr. Florio, like any other Democrat, was welcome to enter the race.
But it's a little hard to figure out its relevance to the overall theme.
We didn't have a great team.
"It was the first time I wasn't working at 20 different jobs to support myself," he recalled.
's Adam Opel unit was well within its rights and did not defame VW when it announced plans to sue the German car maker as a criminal organization under American racketeering laws.
Remove the lobster meat from the shells, and cut into 1-inch pieces.
John P. Duffell blessed the congregation.
If prosecutors were seeking the death penalty, they might not be allowed to mention the other attacks in trying the Alvarez case.
She said Mr. Clinton had shown a pattern through out the campaign of trying ''to lift Republican ideas,'' but added: ''Look at his record.
But Premier was also hurt by inept marketing and too hasty an effort to begin selling it, according to Reynolds.
Richard Tyler's collection included a strictly tailored double-breasted pants suit in white stretch leather, the kind of styling he is known for, with casual safari jackets, tie-front jackets, overshirts, long pullover sweaters, batik-print camp shirts, scarf-print dresses and Nehru-inspired tunics with narrow pants.
They wanted to permit people to raid their workers' pension funds.
Sirio Maccioni says when people ask him how he became so successful, he gives the honest answer: "I was desperate."
Many opponents accuse Mr. Jacob of using heavy-handed tactics to push through the plan, although he voiced confidence that it would be overwhelmingly approved, noting that residents in the Hillman co-ops already approved it by more than three to one.
By the time he was traded back to the Vikings in 1972, Mr. Tarkenton had formed Behavorial Systems Inc., a management-consulting company that used psychologists to train supervisors in the textile industry in an effort to reduce turnover and raise productivity.
She said she was prouder when she won last year's Absecon Trash Fish Tournament.
Mr. Mead said that the shipyard also hoped to build big natural-gas tankers, and that Tenneco hoped to have as much as 30 percent of the yard's business coming from commercial ships and foreign military orders by the year 2000.
In Montreal, they're still paying off Olympic i.o.u.
"I would suggest that in Bob Dole you see a respected person, but a legislative engineer, someone who is where he ought to be.
The streets are filled with rumors of plots to disrupt the vote, fiddle with ballots or launch a coup -- measures Mr. Balaguer has not hesitated to use in the past when threatened.
"The first interview I had was with FHP International, and they hired me."
''We allowed Denver to make big plays on us.
And sometimes, it's just the change in attitude that is necessary to see how to use that opportunity.
United Airlines began selling its United Connection this year for $24.95.
He said he had been consulted about building a stadium on a platform above the railyard, but he would not say by whom or to what extent.
But David has to get there in an hour and 15 minutes.''
Cosic was a 6-foot-11-inch center at Brigham Young University in the 1970's.
It was from the Fellini movie "Intervista," in which an actress is undergoing an interview while being made up.
Duncan raised his hands to avoid the ball, and he believes it prevented him from possibly breaking a finger.
As the comet whisks through Earth's vicinity, planetary physicists have greatly improved the precision of their measurements of its orbit.
''Oh my, it's beautiful,'' Ms. Schweiger said.
"Mariano was recommended to me by a bird-dog scout," Raybourn recalled, "and then Mariano told me about his cousin Ruben.
At the peak of its operation, the dairy delivered milk to 2,000 homes and employed 15 men.
CBS is spinning the new post as one active in sales, editorial and rights negotiations.
While the Justice Department determined in 1974 that the decentralization law did not violate the Voting Rights Act, it said, in its letter on Monday that every chancellor who had invoked the law to suspend a board member had been remiss in not seeking department approval.
"It is very tough to get people interested or enthusiastic about Bill Clinton when you look at very high-visibility, bottom-line issues and he comes out on the wrong side or doesn't take action at all," he said.
Nov. 23 -- Seven-night voyage from Singapore to Yangon (formerly Rangoon), calling at Kuala Lumpur, Penang and Phuket.
"Mr. Gelbard looks forward to satisfying Mr. Thompson, providing him with anything and everything his heart desires."
He scored just 3 more points before he was removed from the game after the third period with the Bulls enjoying a 30-point lead, 87-57.
The episodes, which are set in the same house during different decades, feature Demi Moore, Sissy Spacek and Anne Heche.
The English version of Volkogonov's biography of Trotsky, in an able translation by Harold Shukman, is about three-fourths the length of the original, but it omits nothing of importance.
Bullets Win Again The host Washington Bullets held the Minnesota Timberwolves to 12 points in the first quarter last night and built an 18-point halftime lead en route to a 105-98 victory, their third straight.
And Mr. Osgood said sales in Orange and Los Angeles Counties were expected to rise to about 9,000 homes this year, from 7,200 last year.
''We'd be in a corridor where we could stay at 1,100 feet over the river and do our thing.''
Perhaps he is picturing such a scene right now, with himself onstage, leading a stadium full of middle-class white teen-agers in a throaty salute to their future white homeland.
And maybe a few excuses, too.
The Neanderthals themselves had a good run -- some 100,000 years -- but ultimately vanished.
On one trip to Brown's birthplace with a group of visitors, Mr. Ceder found human excrement on the site.
CELEBRATE SPRINGTIME: SHAVUOT WATERCOLOR PAINTING," an art workshop to celebrate Shavuot, a Jewish holiday that recalls the presentation of the Torah at Mount Sinai.
HAVING rebounded from its recessionary slump, the market for active adult communities in the state is edging forward, stoking developer interest in starting new projects.
The first cave person to pick up her mammothburger with a sharpened stick, instead of poking her neighbor in the eye with it, was the real founder of civilized society, and the primordial ancestor of the well- mannered diners at the Four Seasons.
It was developed by Ms. Berdan in 1974 and she tended it for years.
National League COLORADO ROCKIES -- Signed Curtis Leskanic, pitcher; Jayhawk Owens, catcher; and Harvey Pulliam, outfielder.
Lots of the early visitors came hoping to see stars and many were disappointed, but not all.
I thought it would be a lark to watch him tackle a real apartment, not just a television-studio kitchen.
I mean, sometimes a person could really get depressed about things, if you let it."
Judge Monus Flemming delayed sentencing of four men who escaped from prison last month.
But now coleus are teetering on the cutting edge.
Carl E. Flemister, a Baptist minister.
Ross David Siragusa, who founded the Admiral Corporation and led its growth from a small radio manufacturer to one of the country's leading makers of televisions, audio products, refrigerators and other home appliances, died on Saturday at his home in Chicago.
The 300 or so hospital beds at Thomason represent only 14 percent of the total hospital beds in the city.
Saatchi & Saatchi Business, which is the business-to-business network of Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising Worldwide, also handles other Kodak assignments like the consumer imaging trade account.
''I'm not sure how much I drew on those experiences because this happened so fast,'' Cone said.
Confined is a relative term for the wheelchair-riding students at Viscardi.
Sayer claimed to possess an arcane mathematical formula, learned from a German professor he encountered in Iraq.
Arriving at their 13-room penthouse is like entering a country estate in the south of France.
Aurally, there is in fact much more Berger than Tchaikovsky.
And that does not count additional spending for commercials on radio and cable television stations, nor the $750,000 the Democratic National Committee spent on his behalf in New York.
He continued his law practice up to the time of his death.
Shoichi Shimizu, a 70-year-old retiree, fiddled with his Lark cigarettes and acknowledged that he was becoming very open-minded.
"The Foreign Ministry supports holding the World Cup in Japan," said Sadayuki Hayashi, the Vice Foreign Minister.
Bond prices were also hurt yesterday by the Government's weekly report on first-time claims for state unemployment benefits.
The program's set is normally a windowed studio on 49th Street.
This is not a cautionary tale, at least not to Jennings.
The withholding of marriage rights, Ms. Kuehl said, has been a familiar tool used to "deny the humanity" of minorities.
Also on board were Comdr.
A prolific penman was Louis-Leopold Boilly, whose humorously exaggerated heads are typified in ''The Smokers'' (1824).
The adenovirus has a second genetic trick, a chemical missile that snaps onto p53 and blocks it from sending the cell into its self-destruct mode, thus giving the virus time to reproduce itself.
Ms. D'Airo offered space in her house for the growing collection.
But the Iranian President, Hashemi Rafsanjani, hailed the agreement as a major triumph over American efforts to choke Iran's economy.
But, after thrashing around in the thicket, he extricated his ball, hit his third short of the green, chipped up to 5 feet and made it.
And Julie Ravello, a 42-year-old housekeeper from Trinidad, was dreaming of going home and seeing her five children for the first time in six years.
''But this one is right next to the train station -- the E and the F -- and the neighborhood has so much going for it.''
Mr. DeLia said that the company would have sustained steady growth on its own over the next few years but that he wanted a management team and strategic expertise to protect Fiber Options' position in the industry.
He described how they later received checks and money orders from the defendants for the principal, interest and dividends on their loans.
But Mr. Hreyo, like many residents, said the weather had been chilly and "a lot of people didn't take this seriously."
But in any event, the injuries hinder the Jets' attempt to establish the attacking defensive style that they want to become their hallmark.
"The best thing that could have happened was getting fired from that show."
"God gave me the ability to move a team down the field in a way that quarterbacks who were more physically gifted could not," he said, pointing the Jeep down the mountain roads toward Atlanta.
Texas 80, Michigan 76 Michigan called a timeout when it didn't have one, and the blunder, reminiscent of one three years ago in the championship game, helped Texas clinch a victory.
Mr. Reinhart began producing dance events in New York in the late 1960's.
2 game will rotate to the Sugar Bowl next season, then to the Orange Bowl in 1998.
Two stand-up-and-take-notice entrees are Sarson Ka Saag ($8.95) and Chicken Do Piazza ($8.95).
Caesars Atlantic City 2100 Pacific Avenue.
None of those occurred after traffic accidents.
Hurriedly adopted so candidates for the 1996 legislative elections could begin qualifying to run, the plan calls for reducing the number of State Senate districts with black voting majorities to 11 from 13.
No plays, no symphonies, no ''War and Peace.''
"What can I say -- I stunk," said Hundley, who struck out with two runners on in the first inning, then struck out with the bases loaded in the third.
Dr. Wright, who wrote widely on education, had such a voracious appetite for knowledge that he read 1,000 pages a day until six months ago.
Several people offer a catalogue of racial prejudice while insisting they are not racists.
''I'm a Hall of Fame guy in my own mind,'' Childs said when asked about matching up with Stockton.
In New York trading late yesterday, the dollar fell to 104.25 yen, from 104.77 on Friday.
hasn't yet had a black star, certainly never one who skates, shoots, checks and scores.
The President reneges on his 1992 campaign promise to boost spending on training, education and scientific research by $20 billion a year.
Knee injuries, they might limp in later life, they can live with that.
"I think if there had been a more structured environment, fertile soil to plant schools in, they could have flourished," she said.
The campaign also directs computer users to the Novell World Wide Web site (http://www.novell.com).
has expanded to 46 stores in North America and has issued more than four million membership cards, it is still thought of -- quaintly perhaps -- as a big loft in Seattle for people who like to talk about sleeping bags for the better part of a day.
Those benefits might well be regarded as generous compared with benefits offered in other states.
The Pittsburgh Steelers must know something that no one else does: the player the Jets want as their next quarterback.
The truth will come out now."
A gold medal at an international competition in Melbourne in 1991 accelerated the ensemble's career, and over the next two years it completed significant recording projects for Melodiya in Russia: the string quartets of Borodin and Tchaikovsky.
If a 55-year-old man with family history of heart trouble felt chest pains late one night, should he go to the emergency room?
This booth, like Galerie Schmit's, doesn't have an ounce of fat: everything on view is superb.
But after a week of school, anything that smacked of structure sent us running the other way, and we headed to "Mad About Max" on the third floor, a show about words, sounds and pictures.
"If the police are unable to protect us, that's the disgrace of the Police Department.
So she pulled the plug, telling the rest of the world to try again next year, with better offers.
But critics and the networks alike were unsure whether the decline was a response to public pressure about violence, or merely a normal shift in programming tastes.
After the Jets paid penance today by watching tapes of Sunday's 31-6 opening-day rout by the Denver Broncos, the appraisals flowed freely.
"That's what it looked like last night.
Mrs. Roque, who loved him, was devastated.
''I don't know,'' Joe says.
REY ORDONEZ has hit safely in the last 12 games.
Dogs that are to travel in the baggage compartment, either accompanying their owners or separately, must ride in a carrier provided by the owner.
Experts agree that wolves, which are as terrified of humans as humans can be of them, pose no danger to residents or visitors.
Senator Faircloth said: "If Bob Dole tells you something, you can take it to the bank.
Smaller guys, you can position them better.''
And people here think that's flattering.
Taylor walked into the water and floated downstream, disappearing from sight.
Peopled by characters based on actual individuals who lived at the time and whose words are recorded in contemporary accounts, the play, which critics describe as both bitterly funny as well as ineffably sad, is described as a confirmation of life rather than an ode to death.
None of this much concerns Daz or Kurupt, who have finally shown up at the Death Row office in their tuxes.
In addition, eight Haitian police officers have been assassinated in recent months by what officials in Haiti describe as an anti-Government death squad.
3," "Theme and Variations" looks like a mismatched coda, preceded as it is by three lavishly romantic sweeps through a haunted palace.
The conference, not strong after the top three, landed only the Huskies and Notre Dame (22-7) in the tournament.
A United States Food and Drug Administration panel will hold an unusual public debate about how to structure and monitor clinical trials of Interneuron Pharmaceutical Inc.'s hot-selling anti-obesity drug Redux.
The data recorder on Mr. DeCurtis's Hoboken-bound train shows it slowing gradually to 18 m.p.h.
One reason for the crisis in the arts may be another aspect of the arts that surveys cannot examine: their achievement.
The titles mean that the shapes are to be read as tongues.
But many things are just one-of-a-kind, special situations that you can't really impose a category on.
It reduced the Government's stake to 5 percent from 29 percent.
The proposed complex is the largest in Brooklyn since Starrett City, with nearly 6,000 apartments opened in 1974 several blocks to the west, Mr. Golden said.
Inside Israel, the fine points of the agreement were less important than the question of whether it could bring security to the north.
Several conflicting plans are being considered, he said.
This will keep it from splitting as you saw.
Officer Raymond ran after the suspect, who the police said turned and pointed his gun again at the officer.
"But others could, and they changed the world.
He also wrote for many major television series, including "Alfred Hitchcock Presents," "General Electric Theater" and "The Chrysler Theater" as well as the mini-series "Pearl," "James A. Michener's 'Space"' and "Mussolini: the Untold Story.!'
But Hemingway, the inimitable, has written a 308-page novel out of a ''September Song'' situation, and not one syllable of what Hemingway has written can or will be missed by any literate person in the world.
The New Jersey Devils were just going home, victorious.
So my memories are history already, and my possessions must be historical objects on a par with the relics of Tutankhamen's tomb.
The police urged people with information on the crimes to call (800) 577-TIPS or the Manhattan Robbery Squad at (212) 614-6755.
The International Monetary Fund, which recently loaned Russian $10.1 billion, was none too happy either, as the move violated explicit Russian assurances.
The longer the brightness lasts, the more massive is the intervening dark object that is causing the effect.
Prices: Lunch, main dishes, $8.50 to $16.
Sorenstam's birdie on the same hole put her on top for the rest of the round.
But many of those new churches were created in storefronts, apartments and basements by the newcomers because existing congregations failed to integrate them.
Nearing 50, she wrote defiantly that she took solace in Descartes' dictum, ''I think, therefore I am.''
The Grand Sport, available as coupe or convertible, rides on its own distinctive 17-inch aluminum wheels, painted black and carrying huge tires that dictated an add-on lip at the rear fender openings.
If the stock comes out at $15 a share -- a price that only institutional and wealthy investors are likely to get -- Abercrombie would be trading at 34 times its estimated earnings for the current fiscal year.
Surrounded by upraised gold helmets after his 100th, most one-sided and most emotional victory as head football coach at Notre Dame, Lou Holtz said goodbye today.
"There wasn't much support for his position," one colleague recalled today.
As I said, it may be that we won't be able to find out ultimately, in many cases, who the people are.
B9 Knicks fall to Bulls.
6.280% Accepted at low price .
Because of Republican primary rules in New York, Mr. Buchanan will be on the ballot in only about 20 of 31 districts.
After the couple took a year's sabbatical in Provence in the early 1970's, they decided to give their own restaurant a try.
The Caltech astronomers reporting the observation were Dr. Wallace Sargent, Dr. Limin Lu, Dr. Donna Womble and Dr. Thomas Barlow.
She doesn't want to leave her husband or indeed to throw him out, but she also doesn't want to lose Marijo.
Buick and General Motors China are co-sponsoring one of the 12 American cars in the race, seizing the opportunity to promote a joint venture with the Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation to build Buick-designed sedans.
Commissioned by Yale to conduct a chemical study, Dr. Walter C. McCrone, a Chicago microscopist and analyst of fine particles in air pollution, removed 29 particles of vellum and ink from the map.
"I brought a cot," Ms. Guthy said.
Cincinnati 99, Xavier 90 Danny Fortson got one of Cincinnati's two technical fouls, then steadied himself and scored a career-high 40 points to keep the third-ranked Bearcats unbeaten.
Mr. Marceca, who gave a sworn statement to the lawyer, said that he recalled that only three people had questionable information that was forwarded to Mr. Livingstone.
my sole means of livelihood .
The old Democrats are still hurting.''
Mrs. Frahm, meanwhile, has criticized what she calls the slash-and-burn approach on her party's right-wing.
He had traveled from his monastery in Nepal for a series of meetings, talks and a reception in honor of ''Journey to Enlightenment,'' his book of photographs and essays about his travels with Khyentse Rinpoche, the spiritual teacher he accompanied for 15 years in travels through India, Bhutan and Nepal.
Playing only two days after Tierney's funeral, Fordham battled back valiantly in the last quarter.
Plant lavender or dianthus around the rose bushes as a colorful ground cover.
Mr. Delany, 35, proposed to Ms. Devine during a scuba-diving trip in Puerto Rico.
"As soon as the building is secure we will do a full-scale investigation.
Ms. Dunn, like many of the women and men gathered on this stretch of St. Nicholas Avenue, said she was well versed in the hardships and frustrations that sometimes come with parenting.
"This is not brain surgery," he said.
"But he still has power."
Welfare was already one of the most combative issues in Albany, even before President Clinton announced on Wednesday that he would sign Republican-sponsored legislation that would end the Federal Government's guarantee of aid to the nation's poorest children.
Some 90 opposition activists were killed and thousands jailed during the year and a half of martial law.
''They are not principally motivated by a desire to further the interests of the public at large,'' the court said of the private guards.
Mr. Jones said the judge's decision to bar the prosecution from using Mr. Nichols's statements against Mr. McVeigh ''improves our chances of persuading the judge that there should be separate trials.''
Responding to the crash of an Air Force passenger plane that killed Commerce Secretary Ronald H. Brown and 34 other people, the Pentagon announced today that it would immediately begin adding better navigation equipment to all 2,800 passenger planes in its fleet.
The software utilities maker, based in Cupertino, Calif., declined to provide specifics.
He also says Landis is a better employer than most, paying more than many nearby companies and offering an array of benefits, including a 401(k) plan and health and dental benefits.
Just last month, Standard & Poor's reaffirmed its A+ rating on Ford Credit's senior debt, the best debt rating by a wide margin among the auto financing arms of the Big Three auto makers.
The proposed new trust fund would also pay off an undefined "portion" of their debts to multilateral development banks like the World Bank and the regional development banks.
One of those people is, of course, James Riady.
And the only eyewitness is a dog.''
He came to Ventnor, which borders Atlantic City, to stir up votes not just for Mr. Torricelli, but for Ruth Katz, the Democrat who is hoping to unseat Mr. LoBiondo in the Second District.
Those scheduled to take the stage at the Inter-Media Art Center on New York Avenue in Huntington include Little Toby Walker and the Rocket, Cathy Kreger, the Water Street Blues Band, Boom Boom Johnson, Tim Atwell and Eastbound Freight.
Mount St. Michael will face St. Anthony's Saturday at Iona College for the C.H.S.F.L.
''I think we can be proud of our contribution to the Chechen struggle over the past few years,'' said Fazil Ozen, chairman of the Chechen Solidarity Committee in Istanbul, which has funneled millions of dollars and not a few volunteer fighters to Chechnya since 1994.
Not one, in fact, has ever admitted publicly that the clubs engaged in illegal collusive practices against free agents in 1985, '86 and '87.
As the temperature dips and the snowstorms keep showing up, Hubert Davis stays inside, often longer than any of his teammates.
She was outstanding against male handicap horses in the Whitney and the Iselin, and then ran one of her greatest races in the Ruffian, giving 10 pounds to Yanks Music, who won by a neck.
"Our policy is to balance the political parties," Mr. Shaffer said, "a Democrat and a Republican."
It's water, water everywhere when you collapse into the contoured "Oasis" lounge chair, which circulates heated water beneath your back and legs, $4,500.
Berkeley's Chancellor, Chang-Lin Tien, a Chinese-American, is the only Asian-American head of a U.C.
Under the original plan, which Mr. Pataki backed and which the authority gave preliminary approval in February, the authority would have sold $4.5 billion in tax-exempt bonds and used that money to buy Lilco assets.
''It showed that his loyalty was with the people who give him the campaign contributions.''
One of them contained the name of Scott Roberts, who died last December at the age of 62.
Frank Delano, chairman and president of Frank Delano Inc., a corporate and brand identity consulting company in New York, agreed that perching a black hat atop the Marlboro Man may well serve to ''symbolize rebellion'' among teen-agers and thus attract them to smoking.
Juneau returned after a rest of about two minutes.
Guinness P.L.C., the British brewer and distiller, said yesterday that it would take an added charge of L39 million, or $60 million, in 1995 and warned that profit from its Japanese spirits operations did not meet expectations.
But Mr. Ozzie said Notes was too complicated a product to have enabled his development team to rush Version 4 into the market simply to stay ahead of Internet hype.
Sandelin said after the match that Mickelson had made uncomplimentary comments about his game and also accused the Swede of not showing him respect on the course by cheering his own winning putts.
It's up to those 12 people in there to address whether they want to compete for 20 games.
$(B3.$) Search for Missing Boys The police conducted an intense search for three young boys -- two of them brothers living in foster care -- who have been missing since they went out to play in their Bronx neighborhood on Monday afternoon.
Up close, we may see only brushwork: rough, random dabs of color.
A network of radar stations that was already in place by 1939 proved invaluable in making themost of Britain's small number of interceptors.
Payne made his second career start and was often erratic, finishing 16 of 32 for 151 yards and 1 touchdown but throwing 3 interceptions.
Robinsons-May has no clear-cut image at all.
"Our tempo was what we wanted.
In any case, it is not for pleasure that she visits the johns in their rooms.
Dill is to Poland what basil is to Italy.
"In Iowa, people are still holding back," said Pat Buchanan, the conservative commentator and candidate.
The third team to claim victory, that of Dr. Burks and Dr. Saling, used yet another tactic.
The fact remains, gentle reader, that you have been busted.
THE SCRIPT -- Net Surfer: ''O.K., let's see, liberal .
The fun crowd -- Elliot Richardson, Dick Helms, Bob Abplanalp, Herb Klein, Herb Stein, whatever.
Analysts attributed much of the session's positive tone to seasonal influences and the light Christmas Eve trading.
Supporters of the law included environmental and civic organizations like the Long Island Neighborhood Network, the League of Women Voters and the League of Conservation Voters.
The three dice players, Terrance Jackson, 25, Kenneth Gregory, 18, and Harry Alen, 29, ran through the restaurant toward the back door, knocking over chairs and tables along the way.
He said he planned to work until he actually left office, by June 11.
Those plans were wrecked yesterday when Muster aggravated a thigh injury and pulled out of the All England grass-court championships, which begin on Monday.
And it was another way for Mr. Clinton to associate the power of the United States with those "who are taking risks for peace," as one White House official said today, describing Mr. Peres and Mr. Arafat as being in "a partnership of risk" deserving of American support.
To put it simply, it is theater that does not comply with the rules of Actors' Equity, the union for professional actors and stage managers.
But I didn't do anything."
Three trials followed, but none of the defendants, Ku Klux Klan members and self-styled Nazis, ever served prison time.
Mrs. Gold can readily pick up the scent.
''They're trying to educate kids and deal with social pressures and parents and they're often told they can't remove a disruptive kid.''
The commercial argues that Mr. Forbes's flat-tax plan would increase the Federal budget deficit by $186 billion and accuses him of having "risky ideas."
But, he added, the company kept substantial amounts of its research to itself, including data on the effect of nicotine on the brain, both alone and in combination with other constituents of smoke.
Before a midweek practice session, Hill said: "A lot of people, I think, are still in disbelief that we beat Kansas and have gone as far as we have in the tournament.
Even before the storm, some school districts had used up their allowance of snow days.
Stories by a young Canadian whose effectively anonymous, deadpan prose assimilates the discovery that Canadians are as weird and violent as anyone else on this continent.
Encouraging a freer flow of information in Fidel Castro's Cuba has never been easy, but recent developments in Havana and Washington will make it even harder.
Though not the most incisive technician and prone to excessive tempo modulations, Mr. Santi is a link to an Italian heritage that is languishing.
Ms. Silberstein was a big seller last night.
"Sometimes they register but don't operate; sometimes they operate without registering.
But Mr. Erbakan seemed unruffled, saying he was returning home like ''a victorious Roman general.''
And it has added several Earth's Best executives to its payroll or taken them on as consultants.
In a ruling that strengthens free-speech protection for advertisers and casts doubt on the Clinton Administration's proposed restrictions on cigarette promotions, the Supreme Court struck down today a Rhode Island ban on advertising liquor prices.
Indicative of the prevailing lust for sophisticated gadgetry is the Techno-Macho home of T. J. Rodgers, which overlooks his personal vineyard and winery in Woodside.
His brother-in-law, Mahmoud Raja, who pleaded guilty to being an accomplice, received a fine and probation.
To the Editor: Re your Feb. 7 article on public money's backing of privatized foreign aid through enterprise funds: In 1993 seven major United States pension funds invested in an offspring of the Polish American Enterprise Fund, called the Polish Private Equity Fund.
That was the case for Nancy Blumenthal, whose short life was a troubled one.
Not far away, four friends sat drinking beer in the early evening.
In Canada, most vending machine sales and all mail-order distribution of tobacco products would be banned.
42: "Can hit home runs to all fields, and on any field."
Registration is $95 for one day, $175 for two; students pay half.
Foreign direct investment by the Japanese was 2.66 trillion yen, or $23.46 billion, in the first half of this fiscal year, up 27 percent from 2.10 trillion yen in the corresponding period last year, Japan's Finance Ministry said yesterday.
"It's just so cold that the water is still frozen and it holds the pipes together so nothing has actually split yet," said Robert Mengler, the foreman for Dundee Plumbing and Heating in Jamaica, Queens.
The tower-like unit has fog nozzles and air holes around its circumference.
The good news for the industry has a downside for some carriers, however.
3 (with William Wolfram as piano soloist), the choreography was trite in form and content.
Dozens of shops, restaurants and other businesses have a presence on the site.
Mr. Dolkart says that the case apparently did not go to court, perhaps because of evidence with which Wells and Moore annotated the letter -- many of the complainers had also violated the restrictions by maintaining stables, manure piles and other nuisances.
Chavez followed De La Hoya's short work by stopping Scott Walker at 2:45 of the second round to fulfill his part of the bargain for the fight at Caesars Palace.
Then he returned to the guitar on his own, laboriously regearing his technique to pluck almost exclusively with thumb and index finger.
Still, many people said local economic conditions were not all that promising.
"No one seemed to know where it was," she said.
WHEN A POP SONG IS TURNED into a jingle, its integrity as a personal artistic statement is inevitably tainted.
But the reality is that unless someone complains, you can double-park during street-cleaning hours on any one-way residential street.
$(B8.$) Brooke Astor Calls It Quits After more than three decades of overseeing a foundation that has donated $175 million, Brooke Astor, in her mid-90's, has decided to close the Vincent Astor Foundation, and will give away its remaining $25 million by the end of 1997.
The college has hired LaSalle Partners to manage and lease the building.
And when most other developers fell on hard times during the late 80's, the Milsteins were not affected because they had not left themselves exposed to market conditions as many highly leveraged developers had.
"It's hard to get volunteers now.
Dampier was even more confident.
No warm and fuzzy reminiscences of sledding down Old Man Turner's hill, or of hot chocolate topped with just the right amount of marshmallows.
Observations on life by the stand-up 12 9 8 comedian from Georgia.
David E. Thompson, a book artist and member of the Fluxus art movement who was better known as Davi Det Hompson, died on Dec. 8 at Chippenham Hospital in Richmond, Va.
"Left-handers have been throwing out there since as far back as 1927," Boone said.
I grew up during the height of the cold war, and I recall that anything involving aid to the poor or support for labor unions or the civil rights movement was regarded as Communistic.
Even after she fled a physically abusive owner and his sexually abusive wife, she remained on good terms with them and their family, fulfilling one of the oldest proslavery stereotypes by returning to care for her dying mistress.
Four managers of the Archer-Daniels-Midland Company, the agricultural giant, will step down from its board of directors, the company announced yesterday.
Even so, there's much to be said in favor of the display of private places in public spaces, as the ancients understood.
The man in the blanket -- Crown Prince David Mohato -- extended his hand to greet Mr. Mandela.
Unpacking box after box of boots at the local Florsheim's.
Thursday Susan M. Phillips, a Governor of the Federal Reserve and former chairwoman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, is to speak on regulation of derivatives at a conference at the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago.
Mr. Fawcett thought there had to be a better way.
The technology is based on a high-speed satellite system born of a collaboration between the Government and industry.
"Come sit by me," he would say, when he wasn't filling up the tiny kitchen with himself and any number of hangers-on.
But here on the outskirts of Denver last Friday, wildlife officials showed off the Federally approved method for Indians to receive an eagle free of charge -- by filling out a four-page Native American Religious Purposes Permit Application and Shipping Request and forwarding it to the brand-new site of the National Eagle Repository.
''We want to make it clear to them that if they engage in this kind of activity, they will be caught, arrested and no longer allowed to wear the badge of the New York City Police Department.''
It is not trying to convey messages but rather simply to amuse.
In the new phase of his travels, Buck will be dodging landmines on his way to the peaks in Nicaragua and El Salvador.
"I don't know of any team in the country that has lost 10 players and then lost their leading scorer and rebounder in the same season," Richardson said.
AT&T rose 1 1/2, to 41 3/8, as the Big Board's second-most-active issue, amid optimism that its new president, John R. Walter, would turn things around.
There was no change in the New York net, where Glenn Healy started again, as he has for all but one game since Dec. 30, when Mike Richter suffered a severe groin injury.
The garden is at 4344 Shaw Boulevard.
What makes this battle even more difficult is the fact that many of the combatants appear to have too much time on their hands.
Television viewers are usually told what to think and feel about their heroes and villains.
The bridegroom's father, Rabbi William A. Orentlicher, performed the ceremony at the Mamaroneck Beach and Yacht Club.
Abstract shapes, seen on a bisected floor cloth, make for a true art film.
Zurich Research Laboratory in Switzerland, is not likely to replace conventional electronic computing systems any time soon; Dr. James M. Gimzewski, a member of the group that built the molecular abacus, described its ungainly operation as comparable to using the Eiffel Tower to move around the beads of an ordinary abacus.
Working Up a Sweat Surf kayaking is becoming hotter by the year, as an aerobic alternative to jogging on the beach.
Funny and frank, the 38-year-old Staten Islander has seen her political star rise among her fellow Republicans in the House in part because of what she is not.
"This game was our fault, not the goalie's," said Sergei Zubov, "because we didn't start to skate until the third period."
TEXAS RANGERS - Agreed to terms with Darren Oliver, pitcher, on a one-year contract.
BIG WEST: In Reno, Nani Cockett scored a career-high 28 points, 22 of them in the second half, and second-seeded Hawaii held off fourth-seeded Pacific, 68-64, to win the tournament championship for the first time.
"The Government and the security forces need to ask themselves if restraint following the discovery of the Engineer's whereabouts would not have brought about a continued, though unofficial, suspension on the part of Hamas."
That was where a 71-64 Nets' lead dissolved into an 82-75 deficit.
His own faith in the First Lady seems rooted both in the many exemplary qualities he perceives in her and in the degree to which he empathizes with her as a victim of her husband.
"We're getting compared to people who clean bedpans," he added, noting that police salaries -- particularly the $350 rookies take home each week, after taxes -- have fallen behind inflation over the last decade.
Certainly, lead roles in productions at the Bastille Opera and the Theatre du Chatelet routinely go to foreigners, many of them rising stars from the former Soviet bloc.
Newark and Essex County have each approved $5 million bond issues to repay the authority for their share of the development costs.
And as soon as the police broke up the Wild Cowboys, other, smaller gangs filled the vacuum and continued selling drugs.
And these are the lucky ones, women with children who qualify for special training that the most unschooled and the single are often not offered.
Houston (1-1) at Pittsburgh (1-1) Pitt, its 10-game losing streak over, opposes an improving Houston team that led Louisiana State until the last three minutes.
"We could still go to New York after that," Ms. Warner suggested.
''With both Federico and Henry leaving, it is imperative that we have representation at that level if not greater, considering the support that the Latino community gave President Clinton,'' Antonia Hernandez, the president of the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund, who also met with White House officials last week.
The restaurant is open daily, noon to midnight, and dinner for two with wine is about $180.
The United States lost to South Africa, 3-0, yesterday and Coach Jonathan Clark was asked about his frustration level.
Aspirin also inhibits platelet clumping, but not strongly, and researchers have been trying to develop more powerful drugs to help prevent heart attacks caused by clots.
A Manhattan-based caseworker, the panel said, failed to conduct a thorough investigation of Elisa's home life with her mother, Awilda Lopez, who is now charged with killing her.
The network, a unit of Westinghouse Electric, will shortly announce plans for a ''Dukes'' reunion movie.
But even a decade later, Shostakovich maintained that he had withdrawn the work because of his own dissatisfaction with it.
And, finally, of course, some schools may choose the simple elegance of "2000."
To be licensed they must pass tests given by the state and Federal governments.
She is the daughter of Joan L. Jackson of Midland, Mich., and Robert A. Jones of Ann Arbor, Mich.
On Dec. 5, 1942, the Americans arrested him in the Sahara, where, with the encouragement of the Nazis, he was planning to build a pipeline.
Perhaps more important, argues the oldest person ever to serve in Congress, are his 42 years of Senate seniority and his position as chairman of the Armed Services Committee.
One was Rob Fisher, the show's musical director, whose guidance of the 40-member-plus Carnegie Hall Theater Orchestra sustained a flawless balance among the light, the lush and the swinging.
The Times Square complex is scheduled to open as early as next year.
Under pressure to turn profits, classical label heads have few allies.
It brought $23,000, just over half of its its $40,000 low estimate.
Or, as Davey would say, Golly.
Ms. Tracy has herself, perhaps unwittingly, displayed the deep attachment she has for the animals by giving them names, a practice opposed by many wildlife experts who say the creatures should be treated like wild animals, not pets.
Flashing, collapsing and reinvented images -- their own.
Can the virus that causes the common cold also cure cancer?
The next day, the temperature rose to 27.
Almost unanimously, the dancers voted to abandon the arbitration.
It was an index of his success as a leader that at one time or another he served as president of 8 of the 20 medical associations to which he belonged, including both the American College of Surgeons and the American Surgical Association.
As far as I know, all religions reject suicide.
SO far, Pacific has been a much more aggressive marketer of its services than Reproductive.
It could make a difference -- you pick a number -- of 8, 9, 10 points.''
In effect candidates will have to cherry pick.
With 120 horsepower, the RAV4 provides peppy performance with good fuel economy: 22 miles a gallon in town, 27 on the highway.
As observed in a recent run-through for the show to be aired April 25, The Boss describes to an underling, George Costanza, his lunch routine.
People fall back on the familiar, on that which gives ready comfort.
Alex Dickinson is a two-day-a-week telecommuter, as well, working from his loft in the TriBeCa section of lower Manhattan.
Kentucky 89 South Carolina 60 Tony Delk had 28 points as No.
Both the President and Mrs. Clinton have said in interviews that they did not put the documents in the room, and White House aides have said they do not known how they got there.
That what is good for the National Football League is good for Pittsburgh.
Much of Mr. Perot's 28-minute speech, which was followed by a quick exit from the Commonwealth Convention Center that left no time for him to press flesh with veterans or take questions from reporters, involved an attack on the two major parties.
Mr. Sharansky said one of his tasks would be to point out to critics of the Likud Government that Israel had taken various steps to improve the economic plight of the Palestinians, including an increase in the number of work permits issued to them from 15,000 to 50,000 and negotiations on creating job-rich industrial zones abutting the Gaza Strip.
Lobbyists and health-care officials say the ad was so effective that Senate Republican leaders promised to oppose Mr. Pataki's health-care cuts if 1199 agreed to stop the attacks.
''I don't know if it's a nerve or a disk out of place,'' Boggs said.
In addition to destroying its weapons, Iraq must account for missing prisoners of war and return property stolen from Kuwait.
The two lions, which have rested on their respective pedestals since 1911, were created by Edward Clark Potter, an American sculptor who also carved the two female lions at the Pierpont Morgan Library at 36th Street and Madison Avenue.
"We're coalescing around common interests to advance the cause of the industry," said Burt Manning, chairman and chief executive of the J. Walter Thompson Company unit of the WPP Group in New York.
Circuit City did not say how much it hoped to raise in the offering.
But Mr. Clinton said he could not sign the measure in the absence of a second exception, allowing the procedure to safeguard the woman's health.
The seven-mile itinerary took the riders over a frozen river and up a narrow mountain path to a waterfall called Trollafoss (Troll-Woman's Waterfall).
Based on Crestar's closing price Friday of $61.375 a share, the transaction is valued at $51.25 for each share of Citizens Bancorp.
Unreal: the cop and the criminal in embarrassed embrace.
The most recent version of the Louisa May Alcottt story, starring Winona Ryder and Susan Sarandon, has sold strongly ever since the price was dropped to $19.95.
Mr. Cooper, the second son of an Air Force doctor (both parents are originally from Texas), grew up in a rambling mansion in the Kansas City suburbs and spent summers on his family's cattle ranch just over the Kansas border.
From new stock issues to buybacks, it is corporations themselves that act to raise or lower the number of stocks out there.
A reduction in short-term interest rates in Germany would make bank deposits in dollars more attractive.
Mr. Levitt said La Reina Latina was a ''quality microbrew'' that's meant to compete to folks who usually drink Heineken, Corona and Foster's Lager.
''Anyplace there's people, there's problems,'' said the Rev.
The complainant must then take the issue to court if it wants to protect its rights to the name.
The security guards tried to stop me.
Our legal establishment tries to get around uneasiness about retroactive application of new liability standards by pretending that civil-law sanctions don't really count as ''punishment'' -- though they're often styled as punitive damages and though they may bankrupt hapless defendants.
Campbell smiled ruefully when one of the television technicians noted he was standing with his "back to the wall" when he stepped up.
Earlier this month, eight illegal immigrants were killed and 17 injured when a pickup crashed near another immigration checkpoint.
Twenty-four private radio stations and six regional and local television stations have been issued licenses.
Three people have died in New Jersey using personal watercraft (the generic name for Jet Skis and other water sports equipment); 32 more have been injured.
And about 40 percent of the 65 percent in the next 18 months will lose patent protection.
That position was bolstered by CBS, which used its air power to trample a small-market reporter's credibility.
The owners of the Bulk Challenge apparently followed suit.
And doctors may fear malpractice suits if patients develop a complication before their pressure is lowered.
The President is obviously going to win, and that will have an impact.''
What makes it interesting are the textures.
But State Treasurer Brian W. Clymer, who had already revised the state's revenue collections downward in January for this fiscal year, described the state's revenue targets as "prudent, responsible and achievable."
A4 National A12-15, B6-7 CIVILITY IN CONGRESSIONAL DEBATE Congress's four top leaders argued over Medicare, tax cuts, education and poison gas, displaying a calm civility rarely seen on the floor in the Capitol.
Nikolai Gorbachenko was a radiation monitor at the power station: My shift began at midnight on April 26.
(AP) SABRES 3, SENATORS 0: Dominik Hasek made 31 saves in his second straight shutout, and Derek Plante scored two goals for host Buffalo.
In a good year, the number tops 2 million.
Only 6 points behind with 2 minutes 53 seconds left, L.I.U.
Five or six controllers work the day shift, and 10 or 11 work evenings, which are busier.
Alternatives to shelters include the classified sections of the newspaper (sometimes listed under ''Free to a Good Home'' or ''Pets'') and pet stores.
The National Transportation Safety Board, an separate Federal agency, plans to take up that subject in a open meeting on Tuesday.
In continuous operation since the 1870's, the Tavern now offers dining in the original building, or for the gregarious, a bar next door, which on weekends draws crowds of Harley-Davidson riders, their chrome hogs lining the road a hundred deep.
But then he confessed that all he truly wished, having properly served his warrant, was to be allowed to withdraw unmolested; whereat my commissary compromised the matter with the plaintiff for only 2,000 francs.''
In a way I had an alternate personality in reserve.''
Legend says it was at the foot of the steep castle hill, on the lane known as the Finkenherd, that Heinrich I received word that his former enemy, the Frankish king Konrad, had made him his heir.
Ms. Trum said she planned to appeal all of Mr. Rifkin's convictions on a number of grounds, one of them that his original confession was improperly obtained by the police.
After a Federal judge ruled in 1971 that involuntarily committed patients had a right to adequate treatment, he put an overhaul into effect.
The airlines must now try to persuade fair-trade officials that their far-reaching alliance will not stifle competition.
Some state and local government officials said initiative supporters have overstated the impact of the measure's potential tax savings.
The reconstruction of Bosnia, along with the Russian election next week, which is keeping President Boris N. Yeltsin from attending as an unofficial eighth member, are bound to dominate many of the political meetings.
Then they open a few -- and sometimes more than a few -- six-packs and drink to the plaintive sounds of Mexican music.
In 1960 Mr. Grinberg's father, Gedalio, also called Gerry, moved to the United States from Cuba.
At that price, Scitex would be worth more than $1 billion.
The structure of the Microsoft Network's snow offerings were easier to grasp.
This week's decision by the university's board of trustees to declare a financial state of emergency reveals a system in budgetary crisis.
It restores to Mr. Wilson his gift for lyric wonder -- and hope, which the sign represents to Schuyler.
The epic amounts of remaining snow continued to pose real threats.
On ''Candid Camera'' in 1960, he sits at a lunch counter wearing large black-rimmed glasses and a toupee.
And Cablevision of Newark won the 1995 national award for overall programming excellence in its budget class (under $400,000) from the Alliance for Community Media in Washington.
Mr. Dole acted boldly in picking a Vice-Presidential nominee who both outshines him on the stump and irritates him in private.
Now that she has achieved order, she might try another kind of memoir, a distillation of her memories that brings more of the woman herself into focus.
Serve immediately with Indian-Spiced Potato Gratin (see recipe).
As minority leader I would receive another $2,500.
Mr. Rumore and Mr. Lishnoff were each charged with three counts of third-degree burglary.
In addition to handbooks, they are supplied with page references to standard reference books.
Time Warner Inc. will borrow the most this week.
"You can call it a French drain, a pressure-relief system, or a channel system.
A Doctor Comes Up With Relief," June 16].
Mitchell, 49, who once worked out of the same gym as Joe Frazier, (Gypsy) Joe Harris and anyone else who dared pound the heavy bag at 23d and Powell, was 43-1 as an amateur who heard only distant stories about the Olympics.
He faced only 21 shots tonight, but he made several spectacular saves at crucial times in the game.
Ms. Thornberry said that even before the new system of vetting donations had been in place, the party had a practice of returning donations from questionable sources.
Republicans picked up a House seat in the newly redrawn Fifth District, where John Cooksey, a doctor, soundly defeated Francis Thompson, a Democratic State Representative.
A musical ear can transcend any stricture.
The execution followed three court rulings upholding the sentence, the last one by Bahrain's highest appeals court on March 17.
''If we do something for a neighbor, we're paid for it in time dollars,'' Ms. Toles said.
The winning vendor would get a 20-year contract, unusually long for the city, to allow time to recoup its investment, expected to be in the tens of millions of dollars.
Some good bets include the firm, rich sheep's (brebis) cheese from the Basque country served with a traditional touch of sweet cherry jam; or a slice of Auvergnat cow's-milk bleu, the salty rich fourme d'Ambert, teamed up with slices of fresh crisp apple.
In February, Infinity Broadcasting agreed to buy TDI Worldwide Inc., a company that dominates big-city transit advertising in the United States and Britain, for $300 million.
''He lost because he made too many advances to his opponents,'' said Viktor Anpilov, among the most radical of Communist leaders, who was purged two weeks ago from the leadership of the Moscow branch of the Communist Worker's Party.
Full frontal -- the two words occasionally separated by a comma, more often hyphenated as a compound adjective and most often left just standing there naked of punctuation -- began with nudity.
By doing so, Mr. Hoffman said, Mr. Goetz would delay any collection of his assets by at least several months -- the time it would take for a trustee of the court to evaluate the legitimacy of Mr. Goetz's claim.
"They missed the preventive effect of the integrity stings," he said of the report by the Commission to Combat Police Corruption.
When you're in love, you're in love.''
The bridegroom's previous marriage ended in divorce.
The players would reduce their share of the first-round gate receipts from 80 percent to 60 percent and give the owners the right to expand the first-round series from five games to seven.
Others are working-class New Yorkers who are earning anywhere from $15,000 to $30,000 a year but, because of the high price of living in New York City, cannot afford the security deposit or extra $150 a month it might cost to rent someplace safer and better.
According to the Employee Benefit Research Institute, only about half of all private-sector employees aged 30 to 50 participated in any sort of retirement plan in 1993.
Others simply avoided soul-searching, or went on the defensive in the face of attacks on the Orthodox community by secular Israelis enraged by the killing.
"If you have a site where there's good content and attitude, one that people find refreshing and different, they'll find it and come back," Mr. Broderick said.
ALVIN AILEY AMERICAN DANCE THEATER Company premieres by Hans van Manen and Lar Lubovitch, revivals of George Faison's ''Suite Otis'' and Ailey's ''For Bird -- With Love,'' and the Judith Jamison-Wynton Marsalis ''Sweet Release.''
Other recent studies also discount the benefits of beta carotene, the vegetable form of vitamin A.
Today, Mr. Lebed said he was not told of his new job ahead of time and suggested that the assignment was lobbed at him like a hand grenade.
In fact, there already is a first wives club.
The award of the 1995 Pritzker Prize to Mr. Ando only endorsed the widespread critical opinion that he is foremost among the gifted generation of Japanese architects who emerged during the boom years of the 1980's.
If that is achieved, as expected, Mr. Christopher will spend his time trying to win agreement on a longer-range proposal to prevent future attacks, the official added.
In the latter calls, particularly, Longley saw his defensive strategy for Game 1 earn dividends, and it was something he picked up from Bill Cartwright, the Bulls' previous center and for whom Longley caddied for one season.
California and Los Angeles in particular have long been models for air-quality regulations in other states.
But Mr. Meany virtually ignored Mr. Brennan for the rest of his tenure.
They set about restoring it, tearing away boarding that hid frescoes and windows, reinstalling the original wrought-iron canopy and ticket booth, and even finding the 1869 piano used to accompany silent films.
He said that much of the television advertising by his opponent has been based on misleading information, but he denied that his campaign had engaged in such tactics.
Shouldn't the Government ban beer advertising in places frequented by children?
If there are parishioners who feel less sanguine about Mr. Stopfel's presence, the tenor of tolerance here is such that they are hard to find and loath to speak.
The last refers to Ignatius's warrior past, Stein wisely anchoring her fancies to bits of significance lest they float away altogether.
When somebody clicks onto the site, they see a map of the state with Westchester highlighted in color.
Assigned four of the Veletrzni Palace's eight floors, the museum has more space than it can now use, but its ceilings are too low for tall installations, its access doors are too small to accommodate large sculptures and its floors are not strong enough to sustain heavy objects.
How useful are the personnel checks anyway?
The residents spent several fearful days on the lookout for the suspect, until he was found.
(+) 9 9 17 HOW STELLA GOT HER GROOVE BACK, by Terry McMillan.
" In the early 1970's, the handful of young men and women who constituted the "hard core" of the Red Army Faction mounted a series of spectacular and sometimes deadly assaults.
1993 reserve riesling ($13); 1994 late-harvest riesling ($16).
Even the most optimistic officials think it will take three years to restart the fast-breeder reactor, where the leak of dangerous sodium coolant occurred in December.
From this perspective, "Freud's Children" offers a valuable lesson about how hard it is to explore the visceral roots of abstraction without falling into melodrama and pain.
There will also be guided tours of the house where three generations of the David Bush family (distant relatives of the former President) lived in the 18th and early 19th centuries.
Lexicographers can almost hear it now: "You can't downsize me -- I [future euphemism]!"
At first their response was encouraging; then, for unexplainable reasons, heels were dug in, and after a great deal of effort, it became apparent that Jet Vacations refused to permit any substitution.
It was the first five-goal game of Fedorov's career.
I can't speak for Wayne or for Scott, but from my standpoint this is terrible.
"If these elections go badly, people here will certainly go on the warpath.
"We're spreading the defenses out and hitting those seams.
''It's a new one on me,'' said Robert Lovejoy, an investment banker at Lazard Freres & Company who specializes in contested mergers.
For Hundley, it was his ninth home run of the season but first in 61 at-bats.
But there is no evidence that the predictions have become fact, considerable indicating they have not.
A typical day for Rusty LaRue does not begin like it does for his Wake Forest teammates.
Referring to the self-styled Serbian republic in Bosnia, Peat Marwick said in a statement that Barents "will not undertake any privatization work in Srpska until the government leadership issue in that country is resolved and a leadership acceptable to the international community is in place."
Or: ''He better run well.
Citing Henry Ford's apocryphal dictum about Model T's, "You can have whatever color car you want as long as you want black," the Labor M.P., Tony Banks, told Parliament, "Now it would appear that Ford's new mission statement is that you can have any color worker you want at Ford, providing he's white."
And how many died after 10 years?
It depicts an arrangement of small brushes, linear elements that radiate out from the center of the painting.
Forget about what a Dole Presidency would be like; if this keeps up I'm not sure we can afford a Dole candidacy.
"Seniors who can afford it should self-insure the drug benefit," said Joe Baker, associate director of the Medicare Rights Center.
THE food at Emilio can be so good that we almost forgive the practice that packs nonsmokers into dreary back rooms paneled with dark pine boards while smokers, a minority, enjoy the bright, airy space and considerable charm of the larger front room.
Three of the world leaders who gathered at Sharm el-Sheik in Egypt -- Shimon Peres, Boris Yeltsin and Bill Clinton -- are actively campaigning to remain in office.
2 in G and traditional and gospel holiday music; Boys Choir of Harlem with members of the New York Philharmonic; Dr. Walter J. Turnbull, conductor.
As their power faded, so did their notorious arrogance.
''Between Christmas and New Year's,'' Mayor Armour said, ''the mountain can't handle more people, the hotels can't handle them, the restaurants can't handle them.''
When Aetna, which has been downsizing in the 90's, sold the complex on Feb. 16, 1995, the price was $10,259,520, according to State Department of Public Works records.
And earlier this year the American Anthropological Association, the discipline's largest and most prestigious professional group, took a small step to aid the Wanniya-laeto, but a big step for anthropology.
For comparable seats the Mets are less expensive, not more.
Sukhyoung Kim, an Evangelical minister, performed the ceremony at Trinity Church in Roslyn, L.I.
As a basis for comparison, consider that in the 104th Congress, the average score for representatives was 45.
Other remarkable items from India are the four 19th-century watercolors of chubby horses taken from a maharajah's stud book, which are colored blue, white, tan and brown, respectively.
Prompted by the anti-crime crusade of President Boris N. Yeltsin's new national security adviser, Aleksandr I. Lebed, the Mayor of Moscow began a showy crackdown last week on vodka sales, casinos, bookmakers, betting parlors and one purely Russian refinement -- virtual-reality cockroach races -- that enliven the seamy side of Russia's capital.
The approach to the garden is discreet: a small sign and steep driveway on the mauka or mountain side of the coast road in Haena, about a quarter-mile before it ends and the coast becomes accessible only on foot or by boat.
What he learned from it all, Mr. Benetton said in a recent interview, was the need for closer control of stores.
The cause was cancer, according to the University of California at Berkeley, where he was professor emeritus of biophysics and mathematics.
''He scared me, Carl,'' he told his colleague Carl Douglas.
He has proposed the idea before, and the coalition he suggested today consisted mostly of loyal Communists who would never be acceptable to Mr. Yeltsin.
I respect him because I'm younger.
Dr. Alderman, who heads the department of preventive medicine at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in the Bronx, said it would be prudent to use calcium channel blocker drugs only when they were needed and when the many alternative drugs were not working for a particular patient.
''Critical Choices'' offers a lesson in the high cost of timidity.
But for a time in 1992, Mr. Perot topped both President Bush and Mr. Clinton in the polls, and he finished with 19 percent of the vote.
Mr. Wheelock hardly needed convincing.
His mother, Dr. Phyllis S. Block, retired as a freelance textbook editor in New York.
He moves back in with her to work out their craziness so he can finally have an emotionally healthy relationship with a woman.
In response, the Banyamulenge, some of whom had fought for a Tutsi rebel army during the Rwandan civil war, began to arm themselves.
''I said, 'Please can we help you?'
He sometimes pushed himself crazily to excel as a reporter, first in this country, later in the Middle East and Africa.
She added that the prospect of moving out now was a bleak one.
Also Sunday at 2 P.M.
''When you look into the prisoner cover-up, you find government officials in the drug trade who can't break themselves of the habit,'' Mr. Perot once told a reporter in an off-the-record conversation.
Shawn Kemp, averaging 24.4 points during the season, has proved that he should have been an Olympian.
Ms. Sureck, like many of the artists whose work has been exhibited at the park, relishes its tranquillity and open skies.
Financial aid experts said they had been waiting to see the Columbia program, because all are feeling the same pressures to help their students, who are borrowing record amounts at the same time that Federal and state officials are moving to reduce their role.
Neither she nor the skeptics were certain that Casa Vasca would ever reopen.
He said he would begin political activities at once.
Last November, after a decade of lobbying by various community groups, the City Parks Department began expanding Dag Hammarskjold Plaza, an unlovely ribbon of concrete along 47th Street between First and Second Avenues.
"What I've learned from Shaun is that your presence in a community or a room is more than your physique or height," Mr. Singleton said.
But the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ultimately ruled that Argentina implicitly waived its immunity from Mr. Siderman's assertions of torture when the country's military government asked the Los Angeles County Superior Court in 1981 to forward notice of a suit it had filed against him alleging his falsifying a land title.
It has been hurt by the strong mark, which makes Germany's exports less competitive, and high labor costs.
The Memphis Jug Band jokes in rhyme about heaven and hell in "Whitewash Station"; Speckled Red presages rap's insults in the boogie-woogie "The Dirty Dozen No.
But the commission, which regulates the electric industry and has sweeping powers to enforce its policies, ordered five of the state's seven electric utilities to develop specific proposals to meet its goals by Oct. 1.
Mr. Blanchard supported the Renamo rebels in Mozambique, not with guns, he says, but with radios, medical supplies and cash.
Mr. Coffin, who was president of the now-defunct Model Properties, a modeling industry licensing company, said he also expected the statistics to be used by the industry.
; "I'm not certain whether it's addictive," Mr. Dole said.
Glavine won the 1991 Cy Young Award, Maddux the next four and Smoltz figures to win this year.
Some contend that the proliferation of guns cannot fully explain the crime increases, noting the surges in burglary, auto theft and grand larceny -- crimes commonly committed without firepower.
By supplying moral purposes for public policy and moral virtues for democratic citizens, this civil religion made the revolutionary idea of religious freedom look like an effortless affair -- until the pluralism demanded by Jewish, Roman Catholic and other religious groups, capped by the upheavals of the 1960's and 70's, effectively disestablished it.
These techniques, along with her striking use of sets and costumes and her complex patterns of metaphor and symbolism, made her a widely admired and much-imitated pioneer.
One of the greatest concerns of the commission at plants across the country in recent years, including Indian Point 3, has been a management style that discourages whistle-blowers.
THE County Department of Parks, Recreation and Conservation will soon be in full swing for spring.
The largest decreases in short interest were in class E shares of the General Motors Corporation, Seagate Technology Inc. and the Healthsouth Corporation.
But the latest research suggests that hundreds of thousands of deaths and repeat heart attacks could be avoided if the medicines were also prescribed for heart patients with ordinary amounts of cholesterol in their blood.
The compost pile is getting higher.
"He replied that was why he was running against me.
Owens Corning stock continues, as it has for decades, to trade at about eight times earnings, less than half the average for the Dow Jones industrial average.
The problem with low-wealth-high-tax districts like Lindenhurst is that necessary revenues have to come from the taxpayers.''
''Medicaid, Social Security things that are important to people like me?''
Rice pudding ($3.50) is fabulous, full of citrus, nutmeg and cinnamon.
George W. Bush, himself only the second Republican Governor of Texas since Reconstruction, said the victory heralded greater prospects for a ''conservative agenda'' in the legislative session that begins in January.
County Executive James Treffinger said that, if the county did not find a private contractor to run the 33-year-old zoo, it would try to lease it to a nonprofit group.
Their history is ancient (the earliest fragments date from the fourth century B.C.)
"I can take you to so many families whose children all went to college," she said.
"The debate about women has become ideological, and the word feminism has been demonized and has gotten in the way of talking frankly about women's issues -- and women of Hillary Clinton's kind are being demonized," said Ms. Brown.
Place on a baking sheet and bake until the chicken is cooked through, about 30 minutes.
Several options were considered: Abandoning the 77-year-old tawny granite building that the congregation had outgrown; faithfully restoring it; doing a bare-bones job just to get the doors open again.
A6 NEW FIND IN COLOMBIA CRASH Tests in Colombia found alcohol in the remains of the captain of the American Airlines jet that crashed there, but it is not clear whether the alcohol came from drinking.
In fact, some wines listed here climb above the $10 maximum that was imposed on red wines in last week's column.
In March the court ruled 4 to 3 that laws setting the drinking age above 18 were unconstitutional age discrimination.
Do you want me to make you my special fruity juice cocktail?
Every mayor since Abraham D. Beame has valued his judgment.
From a Zoning Board To the Executive Office A generation ago, before his fall, Mr. Agnew was rated the third most popular public figure in America, behind President Nixon and the Rev.
What if we find more families in poverty?
Many who have worked there say the experience has been among the most rewarding of their careers.
Jozef Stumpel scored twice during the first, and Steve Heinze also had two goals for Boston.
THOMAS MUSTER, angered earlier this week at being seeded only No.
Traders also bought the mark against the Italian lira.
''A change of Government would create uncertainties, but would not necessarily be a bad thing,'' the official said.
Winning the trust of the people he worked with was especially important to Mr. B.
On the witness stand, they were a study in contrasts -- Mr. Shapiro's voice was calm and soothing, while Mr. Bailey's was so confrontational that at one point Federal District Judge Maurice M. Paul threatened him with jail.
Some other options: SEBEL OF MELBOURNE, 321 Flinders Lane (telephone: 3-9629-4088; fax: 3-9629-4066), has 59 one- and two-bedroom suites.
Her third husband, a sea captain, takes her to Virginia, where she meets her mother-in-law, played by Diana Rigg with a sternness that turns to wit.
Indeed, the assumption of Broward's liabilities would have rendered Glendale immediately insolvent by approximately $460 million, but for Glendale's right to count good will as regulatory capital.
Joe Tom Meador, have become a cause celebre in the American art world.
A1 Arts/Entertainment C11-16 Theater: "Passion," in Arlington.
During the Vietnam War I felt that Christ actually meant for us to be pacifists when He said: ''Turn the other cheek.
In the long-distance review, with billings also estimated at $40 million, there are three finalists: Ammirati Puris Lintas in New York, a unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies; D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles in St. Louis, which handles the Southwestern Bell Telephone Company division of SBC, and Goodby, Silverstein & Partners in San Francisco, a unit of the Omnicom Group.
Today, as the American way of life has grown less formal, dressing up for church often means putting on a jean skirt and a blouse.
''He said, 'I can read about the lives of butterflies and animals and then I can write thousands of reports,' '' said Mr. Shitara, who runs a union for managers.
Since the vast majority of Stark County residents polled who watched the debates felt the President won them -- 70 percent said Mr. Clinton; 11 percent, Mr. Dole -- the more time that passes, the more the debates' demoralizing effect on Republicans could ease.
And then, with all that time working with your own unit, you really get to know how to work together better than in any training exercise.''
The average gained 76.51 for the week.
He reduced his estimate of G.M.
Why did he become a pitcher?
Mr. Salvi left the clinic, cut his longish hair and fled to Norfolk, Va.
But when asked how close the economics profession was to saying Germany was in a recession, Richard Reid, chief economist at the Union Bank of Switzerland's office here replied, "Close."
That is how football success in Washington, once again, now seems to the Redskins and to their fans -- touchable, reachable.
Mix the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt and sugar together in a bowl.
In practice, the Mack-Saxton bill would legitimize the Federal Reserve's actual policies in recent years.
Mr. Jones, the state budget chief, brushed aside the criticism.
By the 1890's, steel guns replaced them, and the cannons on American warships from the Spanish-American War through World War II were basically the same.
Burlington shares closed up 75 cents at $75 on the New York Stock Exchange today.
Fan Fair not only makes stars available to fans, but also to Nashville's army of songwriters.
To be sure, American shareholder meetings are anything but models of democracy.
For main courses, the daily catch might include sauteed halibut topped with dried tomato pesto and grilled corn salsa; horseradish-crusted sea bass with a port wine and shallot sauce; seared lemonfish accompanied by mixed greens and dressed with a vinaigrette, and pan-roasted monkfish set over seashell pasta tossed in basil oil.
They noted that Japan's economy remained fragile, which would keep Japanese interest rates low and the yen weak.
Clark has benefited from solid run support in recent outings and last night was no different.
Two lawyers on the committee said Judge Spector's decision would be appealed.
Grocery stores were open, but many had shelves denuded by people who had stocked up for the siege.
"But of course we wanted Netanyahu to win, and now we can have some hope."
But the Republican Congress is resisting.
The logic seemed beyond dispute.
If Mo Vaughn cannot win a second consecutive most valuable player award by leading his own team to the playoffs, maybe he can do it by knocking some other teams out.
Three and a half years ago, shortly after Lynda M. Arnold had begun her afternoon nursing shift in the intensive-care unit at Community Hospital in Lancaster, Pa., she was told to put an intravenous line into a patient's arm.
The tide is turning on 57th Street.
15 Livingston Avenue, New Brunswick.
He labored seven days a week, well into the night, with an exhausted staff, to finish the movie, whose opening began the summer movie season on Friday.
That amounts to about four minutes to stretch your legs while refueling -- or four minutes to hold a freezing pump handle in a sleet storm while contemplating the causes of higher gas prices.
The Port Authority does not usually keep track of daily ridership, but there were an estimated 18,000 passengers each that Wednesday and Sunday, said Bill Cahill, a spokesman for the agency.
Five others who have been designated as reading below grade level are in a Title I remedial program that meets in a separate classroom for one period every day.
But for them to sit in a church in Lithuania is an outrage.''
Since 1989, Swiss banks have had to put aside a total of 25 billion francs ($18.6 billion) for losses on Swiss loans and real estate, according to a recent study by Hans Kaufmann, an analyst and economist with Bank Julius Baer & Company in Zurich.
Ms. Kowalczuk, who grew up in Poland, has been playing the harp since she was a child.
But by far the biggest change has been the establishment of the Asian tea, recognizing a custom thousands of years old and half a world away from the salons of London.
That line has certainly blurred.
The Sony Corporation recently cut the price on its Playstation system from $249 to $199.
''I try to avoid the topic,'' said Emerita Mukagihana, a 30-year-old teacher.
After Marvin Gaye was shot dead by his father in 1984, his record label, Columbia, put out two substandard albums of unreleased material that Mr. Gaye might never have allowed to reach his fans' ears.
"What about localities like Levittown, which has over 40 acres of available land?
13 13 10 SERVANT OF THE BONES, by Anne Rice.
But all are variations on the Staten Island theme, a scramble to keep ahead of the ravages of time.
What's happening onstage at all the Atlantic City casinos this week.
Significant shortcomings in planning, intelligence and basic security left American forces in Saudi Arabia vulnerable to the recent bombing that killed 19 Americans and seriously wounded 148, interviews with Government officials and private security experts show.
Even after her body had been brought out, no effort was made to rush in.
'' ''In the beginning I coached a lot of sports,'' Vogts recalled.
For the First Ward had been the heart of a community, one of the largest Little Italys in America.
''In court, it's what they sometimes downgrade an assault charge to.''
Some of us are healthy and we're not really picking up his slack, and he's trying to do everything to pick up ours."
"He never stops talking; he never stops joking.
He couldn't hack it out by the Jersey Turnpike, so how could he hack it in Pressure City?
Each is done for a count of five and the series is repeated 10 times.
Bruce Smith, the eight-time Pro Bowl defensive end, stayed behind in Buffalo with flu-like symptoms and a 103-degree fever and is listed as doubtful.
"But we have to have elections, to make a step toward pluralization and democracy," said Mr. Tokic, who wants to move away from ethnic-based politics.
''Whether these caseworkers are performing follow-up home visits or moving boarder babies out of the hospital and into homes where they belong, they will be performing work crucial to the protection of our children.''
A second deadline for next Tuesday is expected to also slip by as the sides try to narrow their differences.
Croatia opened the scoring in the first period and opened a 3-1 lead in the second.
advertisement clearly implies that he meant that Medicare as a whole would die, an argument the labor federation defends by saying that would be the result of killing off fee-for-service Medicare.
It will be an uphill battle to get people and businesses to settle in such currently bleak places as downtown Trenton or Bridgeport or depressed areas of New York City, but the battle is worth fighting.
The dog is also becoming famed among goggle-eyed safari goers.
What it might mean is fewer impulse purchases, simply because there is less time and quicker markdowns from retailers.
The other remaining disagreement concerns when the treaty will become effective.
At that point, a fairly stable market value should be established, too.
State campaign contribution reports made public on Wednesday showed that in 1995, the police unions gave about $100,000 to political candidates, most of them state officials.
On this day, he had been suffering from a hangover because some neighbors -- the nearest ger was a few miles away -- had celebrated the tying down, or taming, of their newest colt.
Track followers have been seeing these and other form-fitting uniforms on stars like Gail Devers and Gwen Torrance for several years.
Under the Georgia Dome, luxury suites for basketball cost $132,880 to $199,320, for gymnastics $255,200 to $382,800.
In perhaps the most fully realized scene, Jews from Paris, New York, Los Angeles and Moscow descend on Berlin for a wedding, and stage an event no longer possible in the ordinary course of things in modern Germany.
An urbane bomber taunts the detective John McClane (Bruce Willis) and his civilian sidekick (Mr. Jackson).
"He had the support of his ruling coalition," he said.
Democratic officials said that by their calculations, Mr. Dole's campaign exhausted the $177,000 it had left on hand at the end of April by early May, and went on to spend a minimum of $343,751 on campaign related expenses, including $119,000 to pay the salaries of 32 staff members, and $106,000 for travel.
"Actually, I never watch games all the way through during the regular season when we go on the road.
The city bar's plan would establish a telephone hot line to offer basic legal assistance to the poor and referrals to pro bono lawyers, explore alternative methods of dispute resolution that de-emphasize the need for legal representation and revise forms and procedures in Housing Court and Family Court to make them more user-friendly for litigants who appear without counsel in proceedings.
It is also true that the company's stock has endured wild gyrations.
In Ms. Leigh's ferocious, sometimes grating portrayal, Blondie (who has gone temporarily brunette after a peroxide accident) delivers all her lines in a clenched cat-scratching yowl.
Giants Come to Shea Mark Clark will start tonight for the Mets against San Francisco's Mark Leiter.
Trump Taj Mahal 1000 Boardwalk, at Virginia Avenue.
As Johnson crossed the finish line, I felt for the first time that I knew how the fans in Berlin had felt in 1936 as they watched Owens's extraordinary performance.
In Boise, I rented an economy-class Hyundai Accent from Alamo, (800) 327-9633, for a week at $166 with an A.A.A.
Ron Gant and Brian Jordan crushed a pair of clutch home runs to sweep the San Diego Padres on Saturday night, and that's not to mention a pair of clutch strikeouts by Donovon Osborne and a swan dive of a catch by Jordan.
The original system has been detecting objects just three or four inches across, said Adm. Edward K. Kristensen, the top Navy official in the operation.
But the Clintons waited 21 months before sending the Treasury a check for $4,900 to cover the erroneous deductions.
That sent people looking for the natural substances that interact with the opiate receptors.
The agreement, she said, stipulated that Mr. Roth could terminate their marriage with no further responsibility to her and that their apartment and other possessions would revert to him.
''One of the children comforted the father.
"Essentially, it's just hard, relentless work to improve performance," he said.
Almost everyone can do it safely, including pregnant women; the elderly and the obese; those with arthritis, diabetes or osteoporosis, and people recovering from heart attacks or bypass surgery.
Brandy Madsen, a security officer, approached a group of five teen-agers on one of her regular Friday night sweeps here inside the Mall of America, the country's largest shopping center.
Jose Canseco, appearing on a Boston radio show with Kennedy last night, said, ''What I'm hearing is excuses.''
Ms. Shapiro has a different attitude now.
It is just that this veteran French director thought it rather topical to remind audiences that social resentment is alive and well despite the end of the cold war and the oft-proclaimed death of ideology.
Barnett's polite denials of interest in another school, which were replaced by more forceful protests as the questions became more intense, have become non-replies.
Peter F. Vallone, the City Council Speaker, proposes extending the personal income tax surcharge for five years and using its $1.3 billion to repair schools and build new ones.
The officers kept asking me to let the guy go and give myself up.
No one was injured in the fire or explosions, although neighbors reported feeling the shocks as far as two miles away.
Citing the growing repressiveness of his rule, and the reports of cannibalism, France installed Mr. Dacko, whom it had prompted Mr. Bokassa to overthrow 14 years earlier, as President.
''I like to think of it as champagne pink,'' he said, a bravely comic smile on his face.
After being criticized by the state for mishandling its finances, the city has put more than 50 recommendations into effect, including cutting down on overtime and eliminating personnel, The Associated Press reported.
About 15 nearby houses were evacuated.
A 15-month old will turn pages.
The man who would wear such ties is probably to be avoided, but the pictures are very well composed.
For tenants, this means painters who are usually more dependable and more skilled than nonunion ones.
Naturally, she won't tell him which one.
Throughout the city, the disgust over police credibility in the aftermath of precinct scandals and the O. J. Simpson case has prompted grand jurors increasingly not to accept police testimony as unvarnished truth.
yesterday, instead joining an alliance with Veba A.G. and Cable and Wireless P.L.C.
They don't talk about their marriages.
It was the destruction of the abutting building to the east, a long-vacant four-story apartment house at 351 East 54th Street, that caused the collapse, city officials said.
After all, it's hardly necessary to renounce form and storytelling and craft to capture the fragmentations of the age; some of the most innovative new art to come along in recent years -- Quentin Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction," "The Moor's Last Sigh," by Salman Rushdie, and Dale Peck's "Martin and John" -- is, at once, radically experimental and meticulously crafted.
After being lambasted for years for resisting change, New York City's labor leaders made an announcement yesterday showing that they were, after all, intent on shaking things up: they said that New York's annual Labor Day parade would no longer be on Labor Day.
"He wasn't happy with the way he was playing early this year, and then all of a sudden -- bang, bang -- the last two weeks he threatens and he wins."
Bob Clark recorded his 500th career coaching victory at Riverdale on Thursday, when the Falcons defeated Fieldston, 59-56.
The charges come just months after a teen-ager was arrested and accused of intercepting messages from United States agents in North Korea.
Comptoir, which does business in Italy, Germany, Portugal and Britain, has already embarked on a plan aimed at cutting costs by 30 percent between 1996 and 1998 and enabling the company to post a profit of 100 million francs in 1998.
''One would expect that during the 10 months since the passage of the Amended Zoning Resolution, affected owners would investigate specific sites.''
Mr. Alsahybi had owned the delicatessen for four years and had been robbed before, according to his family, but he rarely spoke of the dangers of his trade.
In a telephone interview today, however, Mr. Cisneros said he had received assurances from the budget office that it would not recommend major reductions in programs for the homeless.
He was standing next to his car, reaching into the back seat for the bag of apples he had brought for her mother when he took the first bullet, witnesses said.
"The guys in that locker room have given their hearts and souls.
But he said they would not hold meetings on territory controlled by the Bosnian Government "for our own security."
MARY DIAZ Director, Women's Commission for Refugee Women and Children New York, Feb. 21, 1996
The National Governors' Association, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners and the National Conference of State Legislatures also criticized the bill, saying it would undermine state authority to regulate health insurance and would leave consumers with fewer protections.
There may be adequate rainfall in between times to keep the mums growing.
We asked the people who are viewing tonight, Are you better off than you were four years ago?
''I guess it was supposed to show that underneath the conservative person is the fun and wild one.
*Vote to kill another resolution demanding that the House ethics committee release its counsel's report on charges against Speaker Newt Gingrich.
Shakespeare may be this year's Jane Austen, but I don't think so.
Statewide, the number of children in foster care has declined 21 percent, to 3,650 from 4,625, since then.
Nevertheless, the excess ''is causing serious and long-term environmental consequences across large regions of the earth,'' a panel of nine experts says in a peer-reviewed report to be published next month, with the imprimatur of the Ecological Society of America, in the journal Ecological Issues.
They had to show photo identifications and sign a register even to get on the vans.
In the contest for the Nebraska Senate seat being vacated by J. James Exon, a Democrat, a big issue has developed over how much the Federal Government should continue to help sell the home-grown products of the state.
The Treasury sold $19 billion in three-year notes yesterday, with an average yield of 6.39 percent -- the highest since Feb. 7, 1995, when it was 7.34 percent.
The tenants can afford to pay very little, while low-income landlords struggle to do business in the notoriously difficult New York housing market.
Crew regattas can take an entire day, and they are usually not held near a deli.
No collective nouns exist for garden tools as they do for animals, but after viewing the appealing photographic displays in this volume, you feel a need for new terms: a pride of pruning shears, a drift of dibbles, a watch of watering cans, a shrewdness of asparagus knives.
''I don't think there's a thing here left that's plumb,'' Mrs. Morrison said.
Michael Dickerson made a basket and two 3-pointers as Arizona fought back to lead, 74-73, with 1:32 remaining.
''I like to play a lot because I play my best hockey when I play a lot of games,'' Brodeur said.
Rather, he sounds as if he were reading a business-school syllabus.
With her back to the audience, she implores the G.I.
I'm sure they will get it and they will win.''
Even as the Berenson family reeled privately, their legal adviser, former Attorney General Ramsey Clark, appealed publicly for help in a prepared statement, calling on "everyone who cares about fairness, justice and human rights" to protest the Peruvian sentence to the United Nations, President Clinton and the American Congress.
" Mr. Wilder, the youngest dancer in the cast, is pleased with all the attention the show is bringing to tap, a form he thinks is underappreciated.
Mr. Burns successfully defended Ms. Davis, who was acquitted of kidnapping and murder charges in connection with the invasion in 1970 of a San Rafael, Calif., courthouse to free black prisoners.
His mother and other family members were believed to have perished in the Holocaust.
We do have a lot of papers and effects these days.
By the end of "Cultural Selection," Mr. Taylor has assailed the reader with endless italicized pronouncements, pushed the play with the "Casablanca" theme to the point of gimmickry and punctuated his prose with maudlin quotations from "Invisible Man" and lost Native American sages.
Israeli military censors delayed the report for about 10 hours.
In the rear, black-and-white portraits of jazz heroes like Thelonious Monk, Charlie Parker and Django Reinhardt make Margot feel like a colony of American expatriates in Paris.
The Trinova Corporation said yesterday that its Aeroquip Corporation unit had agreed to sell its 35 percent interest in Yokohama Aeroquip K.K.
In American Stock Exchange trading yesterday, shares of Champion rose 50 cents, to $11.
Competing for both individual and team honors, the players -- ranging from expert to beginner -- were divided by age and demonstrated ability into six divisions.
Despite her diminutive and seemingly frail stature, Ms. Cohen was a powerhouse of energy when scorning the rigidity and failures of the contemporary educational system and proposing how to reform it.
he said, staring at all the notebooks, microphones and cameras.
Mariano Duncan and Jeter had singles and Hanson, who defeated Pettitte on Sunday, allowed a devastating hit when Raines ripped a double off the right-center-field fence for a 2-0 lead.
She and Mr. Welke will report to Steve Dworin, vice chairman of the Euro RSCG Worldwide unit of Havas.
Never just say no, the parent manuals advise, offer an alternative.
That by itself will pay major dividends in fund raising and in the vigor with which workers for the national, state and local candidates bend to their tasks.
The authority spent $127 million improving the looks of stations like Prospect Park and Parkside Avenue on the D line in Brooklyn, Grand Army Plaza on the 2, 3, 4 and 5 lines in Brooklyn and Brooklyn Bridge in Manhattan, which serves the 4, 5 and 6 lines.
But, he said, steel pipe is supposed to withstand most of these traumas.
nearly three years ago, Mr. Gerstner has increased the average amount of variable pay from 2 to 3 percent of a worker's base salary to this year's 10 percent.
Seemingly limitless in her versatility, she is known in England as a dramatic actress and in America as an expert at high comedy.
The Administration's proposals do aim to make it harder for wealthy taxpayers to avoid capital gains taxes, although some less affluent investors would be affected as well.
Monsanto's chemical products include ingredients for nylon, herbicides and some foods; fire retardants; nylon fibers for carpeting; acrylic fibers for clothing and the plastic inner layer for safety glass in cars.
The sadistic offering of a twisted being.
According to a report released last week by the Center for Public Integrity, a group that lobbies for campaign finance reform, casino owners have been far more generous to both parties in this election than in any before.
Rough Guides and Time Out city guides, Consumer Sales, Penguin U.S.A., Post Office Box 999, Department 17109, Bergenfield, N.J. 07621; (800) 253-6476.
"And if anyone had brought facts that would have warranted a confrontation with my father, I'd have confronted him.
About two-thirds of prison inmates have such poor reading and arithmetic skills that they are unable to write a brief letter explaining a billing error or interpret a bar graph, according to a new study of literacy, education and training in the nation's prisons.
In a recent interview, Rachelle B. Chong, one of the five commissioners, said ''while it may be necessary to assign more spectrum in some circumstances, I don't think that's the best answer to all of public safety's problems.''
Other sounds were taken from a piano recording of Bach's "Well-Tempered Clavier."
Karpov's usual sophisticated maneuvering was nowhere to be seen as he sent his forces lunging at Kamsky's as though his knights, bishops, rooks and queen were Cossack warriors.
"All those little things are important," he said.
Things You Didn't Want to Know: The above and the fact that ''exercising is a lifelong process.''
After losing David Meggett to the Patriots a year ago, the Giants gave Herschel Walker a $4.8 million deal but seldom gave him the ball.
Complaints by homeowners in neighborhoods like Manton Street in Sayville, which has two nearby houses and others around the corner, led the Sayville Civic Association to campaign to thwart unlicensed rooming houses and to curb a concentration in any area.
Perhaps the team will learn more about Schwab if he has to start on Saturday, in Pittsburgh, or on Tuesday night, against the Rangers at Madison Square Garden.
Mexico racked up a $7.4 billion trade surplus in 1995 compared with a deficit of more than twice that size in 1994, the Finance Ministry said yesterday.
At Fort Leonard Wood, Mo., two drill sergeants have been convicted of sexual misconduct; one was acquitted.
Only July, when investors redeemed $938 million of funds at Schwab, was worse.
$(B10.$) Do-It-Yourself Divorces After obtaining several orders of protection, Pamela Russell yearned for a divorce.
1 show, "All in the Family," and the No.
In February, they rose 6.5 percent.
But the millions of dollars the Riadys and their associates have contributed and raised for President Clinton and the Democratic Party have now become an issue in the Presidential campaign, largely because the Riadys are foreigners.
International sales soared 41 percent, to $1.1 billion.
Some parents, Mr. Voight included, discourage their children from following in their footsteps.
Yes, we make tamoxifen, the most widely used breast cancer treatment.
Tablecloths begin at $290, comforters at $900 and cashmere throws at $1,200.
"People think of the gender gap as symbolic -- throw a woman onto the ticket, and get rid of it," Mr. Schneider said.
Value, or character, education has proliferated partly in response to public concerns about the behavior of young people and partly as an alternative to efforts by Christian groups to put prayer and religious values back into schools.
The Imperial Collection remained in the hands of the last emperor until he was evicted from the Forbidden City in 1924.
But until today, it had never disclosed the precise size and location of the arsenals, citing national security reasons.
It's a case of my wanting to say I'm another voice out there.
Mark Warner had to explain to a talk-show host in Radford, Va., that he was not the Senator.
''I feel relieved,'' said Beri-Ellen Roberts, a senior financial analyst at Texaco.
Emotion is good in the game."
Overly costly improvements, the theory goes, will drive up airline fares, sending many travelers off planes and into their cars, where they are more likely to be injured or even killed in accidents.
She is constantly in motion.
Through trial and error for more than three decades, Mr. Spain has assembled a list of plants that can grow in cold climates, and he has developed ways to help them adapt.
Going to the movies in India is an interactive experience.
They want a context in which their age and experience as performers are virtues, not embarrassments.
Bonaire has a new Bonaire Guided Snorkeling program, offered through most dive shops, which promises experienced guides, slide shows on fish and coral identification, a snorkel map and a manual.
That was three years ago, after a season in 1992 that seemed so full of promise.
Then there is the knowledge that to the victor belongs the spoils.
Add the salmon and simmer slowly until just cooked through, about 10 minutes.
But Mr. Smith did secure the right to call this new behemoth Bell Atlantic.
You don't want a situation where Bernie Williams is hitting against you.
IT was dark and dreary, the way it usually is here when the Buffalo Bills are in the Super Bowl playoffs.
Last week, another Federal judge declared Connecticut in contempt for not improving conditions at Southbury Training School, the state's only large institution for the retarded.
Degree of Diffculty: Rating 2, unless you count keeping a straight face.
After years of planning, it opened in 1994.
I loved the movie ''Fargo,'' with all its eccentricities, idiosyncratic humor and even the appearance of Mike Yanagita, a quirky Japanese man trying to find a little female affection.
The commander said the message was presented as a warning, but he thought it more likely to represent a threat.
"We started out with 12," said Janice Elliott, director of the statewide program, "and we lost two, but that's not bad.
"How many suits can you sit and look at?"
Mr. Yevtushenko, who is 62, was revered worldwide for his poetry, including "Babi Yar," the anguished 1961 poem about Nazi atrocities in Ukraine, on which Dmitri Shostakovich based a symphony.
"She's brought the disease out of the closet."
Known as Local Law 29 and passed in 1943 after a rash of Christmas-tree fires, the regulation prohibits live or fresh-cut Christmas trees from establishments occupied by 75 or more people.
With the breads arrived a saucer of extra-virgin olive oil full of roasted whole garlic cloves.
In 1977, Mr. McDougal, who was -- at that time had been, I think, for some time, engaged in various real estate development projects, asked me if I wanted to invest a small amount of money in one in Pulaski County.
This is a difficult agenda, I know it, but I welcome it, Mr. President, because it's an agenda that matters to our people, to those from around the world, to look to us for leadership.
It was refused entry by several neighboring countries and last received supplies on June 3, when 6,500 gallons of drinking water were put on board at Lome, Togo.
Don't expect the Rams to stand in their way.
In nearly each of his virtues lurks a liability, as is evident from an examination of five facets of Bill Clinton and his Presidency: his record, his strategist, his character, his wife and his program -- or lack thereof -- for a second term.
June 25, 1990 -- The Police Department releases a composite sketch of the Zodiac gunman.
Mrs. Morel was strong enough to remake for herself the life he had so nearly wrecked -- he could only drift helplessly upon the rocks.
Finally, a word about two guides written by the English, which are available here but probably meant for fellow countrymen.
It was grounded briefly again in 1988 because of a defective nut.
Airlines, in self-protection, will turn back animals that look sick or injured or lack certificates.
He did this by making celebrity tours of the country, and by hatching schemes to attack France's enemies from American soil.
Those who frequent soup kitchens are often the same welfare recipients, the same homeless people, the same substance abusers and the same mentally ill who already suffer from depleted social programs.
Aven death is given a reassuring spin, as the show works toward its effective, tear-jerker ending.
Atop its vaunted cliffs, the historic section is really a village, belted by walls three miles around.
Kidnapped, raped and killed a 6-year-old girl.
Exactly zero, thanks to an obscure provision of the tax code called Section 1042, enacted in 1984.
The last episode in which he appears is to be broadcast on June 18.
State Senator Kevin B. Sullivan, a Democrat of West Hartford, said that the law, even with its flaws, was better than no law.
The final interception was on the final play of the game, when O'Donnell simply wound up and threw long.
The Florida cities in the system include Orlando, Tampa, Fort Lauderdale, Fort Myers and West Palm Beach.
In the last two years, the Police Department has instituted a number of measures, including offering psychological counseling, to combat suicide among police officers.
''As a child, I never would have imagined that one day I would have lunch with cardinals and meet with a Pope,'' said Mr. Castro, who attended a Jesuit school while growing up in Oriente province.
''When you put a very heavy concentration of police in a community, you will have an impact,'' said Richard S. Curtis, a criminologist at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice.
VOUCHERS CONFERENCE COMMITTEE Prohibits states from using Federal block grants to provide vouchers or other noncash benefits to families who reach the five-year limit on cash assistance.
In Szeged, trams, buses and taxis connect the train station to downtown.
Matthew Brian McCann, 17, Alhambra, Alhambra High School.
The price of the 30-year Treasury bond rose 17/32 , to 9811/32 .
The personalities add color, and the mounting tension, with a fine climax, is waterproof - SATURDAY at 1 P.M. on TNT.
"In other words, as you know and we know, an exception for 'health' means abortion on demand," said the letter, whose signers, in addition to Cardinal Hickey and Bishop Pilla, were Joseph Cardinal Bernardin of Chicago, Anthony Cardinal Bevilacqua of Philadelphia, Bernard Cardinal Law of Boston, William Cardinal Keeler of Baltimore, Roger Cardinal Mahony of Los Angeles, Adam Cardinal Maida of Detroit and John Cardinal O'Connor of New York.
Mark Ridley-Thomas, a Los Angeles Councilman who represents the Crenshaw district, said that the theater itself had generated 100 new jobs and that business at the Baldwin Hills-Crenshaw Plaza, a shopping complex that includes the theater, had increased in some cases by as much as 40 percent after the cinema opened last October.
Powers's mission was particularly chancy.
The inspector found nothing unusual, and train traffic continued.
Brown was forced to throw off his back foot, and he tried to squeeze a pass to H-back Aaron Pierce, who was sandwiched near Giants guard Ron Stone.
As the manager of a private security company that patrols many of the subsidized housing developments, Mr. Fobbs suggested a few places that even he would redline.
A woman clambers into a tub.
Lifted by growth in almost all parts of the economy, Japan's gross domestic product jumped 3 percent in the latest quarter from the previous three months, or at an annual rate of 12.7 percent -- the strongest performance in 23 years, the Government said today.
Come to think of it, stability is not exactly the right word because to have faith in something is an inducement not to dormancy but to action.
David Turnley, a Pulitzer Prize-winning photographer for The Detroit Free Press, and Peter Turnley, a photographer for Newsweek, were born in Michigan and, far from having been separated at birth, followed stunningly similar paths.
The Fuss Over a New Face What gives record industry executives itchy checkbook fingers, anxious to come up with a better deal for a new, unproven artist than they have in years?
But it was an incident in a parking deck 10 years ago that convinced her forever of the importance of a person's right to own and carry a gun.
"You look at how they're dressed -- their interpretation of what's on the runway."
Harold (Jug) McSpaden, who won 17 tournaments on the professional golf tour in the 1930's and 1940's against such stars as Byron Nelson, Ben Hogan, Sam Snead and Gene Sarazen but was better known for finishing second, was found dead on Monday with his wife, Betsy.
Crossing 110th Street, we passed a high school group.
Miroslaw Rzepkowski of Poland won the silver with a score of 148.
He will sometimes personally make deliveries by subway.
A Labor Department survey portrayed a work force still experiencing frequent job losses even as the economy has expanded.
None had more work to do than the Russians, who were hardly fine standard-bearers for the exemplary Soviet gymnastics tradition when they bungled their way to an 11th-place compulsory finish in Japan.
Its zenith was probably World War II, when families would send religious items to their sons and daughters around the world.
At least 41 states, including California, New York and Texas, have adopted or are considering plans that would in most cases end utilities' monopolies, encouraging start-up companies and robust competition.
When it is warm enough outside, 60 degrees, the bees will start moving.
Last Friday, the maligned DiPoto blanked Cincinnati for three innings.
French and Spanish instruction is introduced in the sixth grade, he said.
But I told her babies have tantrums and they want to get picked up all the time.''
When the movie follows Cary to a group therapy session with her clients, the humor fizzles.
When a gas leak under the department's temporary offices in 1993 made dozens of officers sick, the force evacuated nearly overnight, leaving ammunition and files behind.
White House officials said they welcomed the latest development.
The Voice is, as it turns out, pretty much ignoring New York Press.
Since then, it has has operated without legal problems.
For its first 14 seasons, the hallmark of ''Monday Night Football'' halftimes was Howard Cosell's idiosyncratic narration of game highlights.
This Hippodamian gridiron requires a curious mental adjustment: where one tends to zigzag all over Assos and Miletus, approaching each building in a direct fashion never intended (or being shunted down a chutelike main drag at Ephesus) one tours Priene like a living town, respecting the courses of the original streets.
In particular, they said, News Corporation's sophisticated customer service center in Lowell, Mass., will be almost completely dismantled.
The trust fund is little more than an accounting device in the Government's general fund in any case.
Sal F. Albanese, a City Councilman from Brooklyn, warned that Mr. Giuliani's policies were turning New York into a ''two-tiered city: a group of very wealthy people, and the rest of the people -- the poor and working poor.''
We hope people looking for jobs will come to our free information session to learn about a practical approach that makes finding a job successful," Ms. Watsky said.
"She asks why the bad man didn't say to her that he is sorry."
Subsequent packages are to address taxes and spending, affordable health care and education.
''Every single coastal state has this problem in one form or another.''
"It motivated me to really move on and not depend on that aid."
Having good reason to suspect that one of them did it, they conduct their own investigation amid power blackouts, sightings of phantom figures on the terrace outside and enigmatic messages on the doctor's answering machine.
Francis Gilliard and others persevered, and now they have something to celebrate.
Mitche Kunzman, on the other hand, profits from the comparison.
The British leisure and media company Granada Group P.L.C.
Dr. Jonas and Dr. Jennifer Jacobs, a member of the office's advisory council, have written a book promoting homeopathy, which will be published by Warner Books in August.
For instance, it is rare for a general to face court-martial.
Following the defense ground rules, NBC showed a film of Mr. Brokaw shaking hands with Mr. McVeigh, without the defendant making substantive comments, other than recalling meeting the anchor five years earlier, in the Persian Gulf.
(Reuters) MARTIN ADVANCES: Second-seeded Todd Martin advanced to his first Stockholm Open final when Magnus Norman defaulted during their semifinal because of an ankle injury.
WHEN one thinks of delightful excess -- of tassels and brocades and Chinese silk bed covers -- a large apartment on Central Park West or Park Avenue comes to mind, not a studio apartment in a postwar building.
Delegates were already using cellular phones at the 1992 convention, but the system quickly overloaded and callers were plagued by busy signals.
The clash of the formal dancing with the chaos of the sound score is, said Mr. Fried, ''very raw, very emotional and, hopefully, very compelling.''
Though 28 percent was good, he said, the 8 percent gain would "make me want to know why."
(Modern counterparts can be found in more affordable Prague.)
Mr. Wolff stretches the drollery to the broadside extreme of Gilbert and Sullivan, whose flighty operettas Stravinsky loved.
The idea is to come up with three hard-to-juggle items, which must be heavier than an ounce, lighter than 10 pounds and no bigger than a breadbox.
Even though the salary is part time at $10,500 per year, I am always available and have worked full time for the welfare of all residents.
The latest snowstorm on record at Central Park occurred on April 25, 1875, when 3 inches were recorded.
''The Governor is right,'' said Larry Weitzner, the media consultant for the Zimmer campaign.
All eyes were riveted on him.
Paramus is a very multicultural area, and I see it as a paradigm for relationships with other communities.''
"Once I got loose, I felt pretty good.
The Nasdaq composite index fell 9.53, to 1,148.82, yesterday, bringing its fall from the peak it reached last month to 8 percent.
When Walton was asked what was going through his mind on the last lap when he sprinted from sixth place to second, he said, "I was riding so hard, nothing went through my mind."
Mr. Murdoch said his main motive was to reduce the importance of big spending in politics.
Avis formed an ESOP -- an employee stock ownership plan -- nine years after a debilitating series of sales from one corporate owner to another.
His ''New Mexican Landscape'' betrays his bent toward an insouciance inspired by jazz: its foreground is candy pink.
Instead, the members' disagreements have become starker and sharper in recent months, said Mr. Gramlich, a professor of economics at the University of Michigan.
Rizzotti was one of the players who came to represent that drive and work ethic.
The main factor behind the return to lower prices since a peak in the spring has been increased supplies, but Ms. Lundberg warned that crude oil prices had increased nearly 5 cents a gallon because of tension in Iraq.
But Ms. O'Connor is not wild about the idea.
Jane Jacobs let her great-aunt's manuscript languish while she pursued her own career, which included the writing of five books -- among them "The Death and Life of Great American Cities," her powerful testament against modernist urban renewal and in favor of the casual, pedestrian and street-oriented life of traditional densely built cities.
Super Kam has yet to produce striking results, but its observations began only seven months ago and experimenters say it will need time to achieve great things.
But taken together, the links have created a climate that often puts politics ahead of education.
That building was designed by the young Flagg -- whose sister Louisa had married Charles Scribner in 1889.
"If you had asked me about such a bill in 1992," Mr. Zelman said, "I might have said that it was positive, but that I didn't want it to be passed because it could be used to undermine efforts to get larger reforms.
And unlike the artists, the designers are asked to venture outside their domain.
The History From Hardship Comes Toughness Mr. Soros, 66, never tires of expounding, in his Hungarian accent, often arcane theories about how the world works -- a ''failed philosopher,'' he calls himself.
Later, the slight differences merged.
Now our job is to make sure these younger guys take it better than we took it, because I took it for granted then.''
The new Police Commissioner, Howard Safir, predicted: "Crime will continue to go down.
The list of issues each team has to deal with, especially the Pittsburgh defense, reads like a coach's nightmare.
And that was how he made his exit.''
''Business may be up 2 percent,'' Mr. Christman said.
The police found Mr. Jacobson in his second-floor office in Santa Cruz, 60 miles south of San Francisco, after they received a call at 10:55 A.M. reporting a gunshot.
Mr. Dole often speaks to Mr. Angell about tax issues and the economy's performance.
Dr. Richard D. Hurt, director of the Mayo Clinic's Nicotine Dependence Center in Rochester, Minn., said the researchers had expected that people being treated for alcoholism would have higher death rates.
But it didn't work that way.
But none of them got past Salo, and the margin stayed at 1-0 going into the second period.
And American officials have done little to hide their anger at Taipei for its unrelenting efforts to seek a larger international status and role, pressing for "unofficial" visits and transit visas to the United States.
''They won't be able to proceed with their restaurant until we're happy they've done that.''
''I think Tauran must have got much of what they wanted, a visit and the space for the visit so the Pope can do what he wants when he goes,'' said a diplomat accredited to the Vatican.
And McAfee advanced 1/8, to 60 1/4, after announcing a 3-for-2 split.
It sold for $728,500, almost double its $400,000 high estimate.
Grand Casinos Inc. is expanding its two casino hotels in Biloxi and nearby Gulfport to 1,000 rooms each.
''Either we have a tiny bit left or there's none,'' he said.
I know from personal observations that some of the accusations leveled at the male family members are true.''
1 relief pitcher and No.
A state audit released yesterday concluded that the Camden school district was squandering almost $32 million a year and that its hiring practices were rife with nepotism.
Much better to go with were grilled salmon served on a mound of orzo, a pretty presentation sauced with thyme-scented creamy white-wine sauce, or shrimps scampi atop a bed of nicely cooked capellini, a dish that although not exceptional, was exactly what it should be.
But they treat me without respect and then they wonder why people get upset.''
But the anger and frustration behind today's vote reflected a groundswell of opposition to the few benefits illegal aliens now receive, emergency medical care and schooling for their children.
"I picked up a guitar and wrote a song and then I wrote another one.
This is certainly true in regard to the Japanese and their atrocities during World War II.
He curses and he prowls, in that Nixonian hunch that Hopkins, who just received an Oscar nomination for the role, mimics so well.
Even with a looping but lethal left hook for the second knockdown.
Mr. Dean, who is already shipping postcards for the 1996 summer season, said he was surprised at all the attention lately.
Given that at least half of Jordan's population is of Palestinian origin, the King's seeming indifference to issues of greatest concern to Palestinians deepened grumbling here that the peace treaty seems to be more between his Hashemite dynasty and Israel than between the two countries.
Cameron duBignon Arterton, a daughter of Judge Janet Bond Arterton and Dr. F. Christopher Arterton of New Haven, was married yesterday to Daniel Edward Wrinn, a son of Marilyn and Eugene Wrinn of Wallingford, Conn.
The estate features gardens, hiking trails, picnicking, a waterfall and pick-your-own raspberries.
In their statement in the show's brochure they say that the most interesting submissions were hand and computer-manipulated pictures as well as those that were staged and directed.
Enticing starters include tamal Cubano, seasoned cornmeal with red peppers steamed in a corn husk, and a plantain stuffed with a hash of roast pork, raisins and olives in a spicy black bean salsa.
She and their six children had by most accounts amassed huge fortunes, fueling public resentment.
The Mets (13-19) are limping back to Shea Stadium after a 1-5 trip that ended with four straight losses and an embarrassing three-game sweep at the hands of the struggling Florida Marlins.
The new ballet is based on the adventuresome life of a woman who became the toast of turn-of-the-century Paris.
Those faces are reflections of your own, Faces that cannot bear to be alone Searching for his ever-startled way of seeing what is ordinary in a foreign land, I come across a poem about a New York City ''subway grating fisher.''
ROBERT W. BRUNDIGE JR .
Some American criminologists believe that a strong sense of order in daily life ultimately reduces delinquency.
That should be of concern to everyone.
In Chinatown, two founding days are celebrated -- one by the Mainlanders during the last week of September and the other, known as ''Double Ten,'' by the Taiwanese on Oct. 10.
Whether they are prep cooks, executive chefs or like our hero, Sottha Khunn, the sous-chef of an exclusive Manhattan restaurant, people who work around food have a different definition of "easy" than people who come home from the office at 6 or 7 and begin to make dinner.
There is an anguished and heart-stopping beauty to how Mr. Desiderio documents the veins showing through his son's translucent skin and the bluish shadows around his hooded eyes, and the tubes pumping air into his throat.
What did a page actually do?
"These aren't games goalies like to play in.
"Ergonomics is fitting the object and task to the worker.
"I'm afraid to be alone at night.
Then there is the undercurrent of jingoism that sets up an additional hurdle for the Americans.
Smaller populations than that are considered less likely to survive the stresses of pollution, habitat destruction, and competition from non-native species like bullfrogs, which were introduced after the red-legged frog was largely extirpated many decades ago by hunters who sold its legs as a gourmet delicacy.
Repeats, once mainly relegated to summer, are now sprinkled heavily in prime time from December through April.
The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a formal complaint today against the Kendall Square Research Corporation and three of its former top executives, charging them with fraud.
The otters, rescued as infants from the Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska, are the only animals not indigenous to Oregon.
IT'S a perennial story: Someone of apparently meager means dies and leaves an enormous estate.
Music in the great outdoors too often forgets the distinction.
In the most interesting of the added scenes, Nixon and Helms try to gain leverage on each other.
He joined the family store in 1946.
''I think it has been probably the most important thing that has happened downtown,'' said Russ Brink, the executive director of Downtown Eugene Inc., which was part of the coalition that has pushed to tear down that town's H-shaped pedestrian mall.
Sotheby's, http://www.sothebys.com One of the most imaginative commercial offerings on the web, Sotheby's site provides auction results and coming sales, notes on collecting, urbane stories to involve young collectors, catalogue- ordering information and well-done graphics.
In medieval times, the correct thing to do at this time of year was to get up early in the morning and roll around naked in the morning dew.
The owners most recently had proposed that in 1997 the portion of payrolls over $49.8 million be taxed at a rate of 35 percent.
Although Time Warner has not disclosed the terms of Mr. Morgado's settlement, executives familiar with it said he was granted several years of salary and bonus, proceeds from an incentive program, and stock options with 10-year terms that he can exercise until the end of the term.
The Ford Motor Company, which said last fall that it intended to get rid of its nonautomotive finance operations, took a step in that direction yesterday, announcing that it had agreed to sell its rail-services business to a unit of the First Union Corporation for about $900 million.
"Sometimes I go home at night so depressed and I just sit there in tears.
There is surely no guarantee that future attempts to take away weapons -- a step the peacekeeping forces are authorized to take starting today -- will go this smoothly.
Hakeem Olajuwon (Houston) and Derrick Coleman (Syracuse) lost, Lorenzo Charles (North Carolina State) and Keith Smart (Indiana) won.
HOPE RYDEN Wolf Lake, N.Y., Sept. 5, 1996
And even as he trusses up the reluctant Boyd in a special chair he ordered from a catalogue, Arloc has no intention of making real sexual contact.
''The country has changed, and we have to change as well,'' Mr. Zabludovsky said.
He has also appeared as a demonic werecat in ''Cat People,'' a sadistic army officer in ''Blue Thunder'' and a post-apocalypse tyrant in ''Star Trek Generations,'' among many other villainous roles.
The declarer was Peter Boyd of Falls Church, Va., and it might appear that he was on track to make nine tricks.
''He has supported our offense very well,'' Queiroz said of the 32-year-old De Avila, who is just 5 feet 4 inches tall but often outjumps much bigger players when he challenges for a header.
The amount of money is an inducement.''
So do farmers in New Hampshire and the Berkshire Hills, because for a dozen years Mr. French, a 38-year-old stonemason, has paid them good money -- $10 a ton -- for the privilege of hauling away the plow-breaking, back-wrenching rocks their ancestors cursed.
"These are people who normally, in previous cycles, would be trading up.
"I feel great, but since the new team is ready, I'd like to let them take the lead."
The commission once heard testimony that took up 53,000 pages to transcribe before deciding the proper rates to set for shipping grain.
"He said if you're going to play like this, leave," Hill said.
Tim Kochis, a financial planner in San Francisco, urges income investors holding longer-maturity products to move "down the maturity curve," probably to the three- to five-year range, especially now that short- and intermediate-term investments have unusually high yields relative to longer-term ones.
The case has caught the attention of a nation at once alarmed by soaring juvenile crime rates and concerned about punishing parents for their children's misbehavior.
"In every office where anything is decided here, you find a Frenchman.
"Second, public confidence in C.S.B.
Obviously it was a very, very disappointing thing to have happen.''
Infractions are immediately, and matter-of-factly, punished with time-outs.
Until last month, when its Federal financing ended, Sematech spent about $200 million a year, half from the Defense Department and half from its member companies.
This thing's too pretty to kill.
Ideally, cashmere-bearing goats thrive in extremely cold climates, which promote growth of the soft down that is their protection, and in dry climates, which keep out oil in the down.
How did you build a multimillion dollar distribution company from a small candy store in Queens?
With the first three letters covered, the headline, rather than saying, "Mr. President, Make a Fortune," sends him a far coarser wish most accurately translated to English as a four-letter word.
contributed more than 7 points to the Dow's gain.
Her husband, a millionaire businessman who was widely believed to have won Nigeria's nullified 1993 presidential election, was jailed for treason in 1994 after he proclaimed himself president.
The epistolary novel has a distinguished ancestry and is a notoriously difficult form.
would be showing a very healthy profit in A.D. 1996.
The League of Conservation Voters gave a ''zero'' rating to Mr. Hayworth, a member of the House Resources Committee.
There is usually a penalty for making changes on the first leg.
Dr. Louis W. Tordella, a mathematician who helped break the German military code in World War II, and later spent 16 years as the deputy director of the National Security Agency, died last Tuesday at the Bethesda Naval Hospital.
The recovery could prove to be a false start, but for now, consumers are daring to spend again.
Sara Warren, 56, whose husband was home in Enterprise, Ala., said she didn't mind sharing the crowded back seat of a Ford Taurus with a very active grandson, Brian Cooper, 6, and his sister, Rebecca, 3, who mostly wanted to get home to Jamestown, Va., to go swimming.
Stadium crowd that mainly cheered for the visitors.
Mr. Icahn has not nominated himself to serve on his own slate.
Many are from the vast collection of the Dutch graphic designer Jan Tshichold, a portion of which Mr. Johnson began purchasing for the museum in the late 1940's.
Female players tend to be former collegians and national team members.
This is "Play It as It Lays" land, rendered in terse word pictures, embellished with passages from Mike Davis, the author of "City of Quartz," and Nathanael West.
March 10) should never have reached such magnitude.
Doubles are $108 a night, including American breakfast.
School staff members were more likely to mention gifted programs with white parents than with blacks and Hispanics.
In theory, adults can make their own calculated choices about the risks of smoking.
Correction Appended WHEN ''CHARLES RENNIE MACKINTOSH'' opens on Thursday at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, many visitors will assume they are seeing the same show that was critically acclaimed during its initial outing at the McLellan Galleries in Glasgow earlier this year.
officials for equipment and resources to help his hard-pressed security forces.
In your rush to join the feeding frenzy against political correctness ''gone awry,'' did you forget that everyone is entitled to bodily security, integrity and autonomy, even a 6-year-old girl?
"But the biggest theater is a restaurant," said the tiny ebullient blonde, who grew up playing in the Rainbow Room, which her father once owned.
For many former workers, their once ardent loyalty to Grumman has soured.
Two of those five inspections are now done by outside inspection agencies hired by building owners.
When Unbridled's Song makes his run for the roses, his illustrious sire won't be far away.
Last spring, more than 30 companies introduced a wide variety of new skis, boots and bindings for women at the annual trade show sponsored by Ski Industries America in Las Vegas, Nev.
His uncle Stan, the philistine network president played hilariously by Garry Marshall, is now a regular.
Representative Bob Franks, Republican of New Jersey, has introduced a bill that would revise the terms of the Federal Harbor Maintenance Trust.
Since its inception, the fund has an annualized return of 13.31 percent, compared with 11.62 percent for world stock funds on average.
The National Association of Purchasing Management reports on corporate purchasing plans in March.
In earlier studies of uncoated stents, bleeding was severe enough to require transfusions in 4.9 percent of patients and to cause some strokes.
The job of the independent counsel, should be full time, permitting no representation of other clients.
One of them, in a house trailer near the small town of Centerville, exploded and burned a man over 40 percent of his body.
In this regard, all Mr. Brookhiser has done in these pages is regurgitate a lot of old homilies, stories and observations.
With rebels advancing from the south and west, the Zairian troops fled north toward the Ugandan and Sudanese borders, according to residents reached by ham radio, but who did not want to be identified by name.
The customer walked away Beethoven-less.
The owner of the bungalows and the 90-year-old inn, Peter Charos, had just taken over the small complex on June 10, expecting a quiet summer of tending to the needs of weekenders and anglers.
"There's nobody out there singing his praises," said Richard Noyes, political studies director of the Center for Media and Public Affairs in Washington, a nonpartisan group that monitors political coverage, "and that has contributed to the perception and reality that Dole is getting worse press.
The case once again went to court, where a judge ruled, the day before the election, that Ms. Goldstein's name had to be removed.
He leans down to kiss a woman's hand.
Like that of the Democrats, the Republicans' "driving energy" is increasingly lodged outside the party apparatus itself, in activist organizations and movements.
Such demands are one reason the Israeli Prime Minister, Shimon Peres, has promised that a peace treaty will be subject to a separate referendum -- another way for Israel to keep pressure on Mr. Assad.
The Patina salad was a pleasing mixture of fresh baby greens, radicchio, cucumber and tomato, peppered with croutons.
The crackdown, which follows a similar effort last year, means that the driver of a double- or triple-parked car will be given a $55 summons even if a passenger is inside the car, Mr. Safir said.
''We have to work much harder at doing what's right and what's appropriate in a given case.
Then he rushed for 187 yards on 34 carries against Dallas in Game 15 and it changed his mind completely.
The agreement spreads the burden of dealing with a large-scale crisis from 11 of the biggest economies -- the United States, Japan, Germany, France, Italy, Britain, Canada, Belgium, Switzerland, Sweden and the Netherlands -- to smaller European nations like Austria and to fast-growing Southeast Asian countries like Singapore and Malaysia.
Love or success would do; I could always use more.
I gravitated to those that required physical rather than mental exertion, like canoeing among endless lily pads on the Pemaquid River ($10 a person); taking a cruise around Eastern Egg Rock, where the Audubon Society recently re-established a colony of Atlantic Puffins; studying geology at Pemaquid Point (admission $1), a town park on the mainland (about 20 miles south of camp) with a much-photographed 19th-century lighthouse standing above a sweeping wave of rock, or gazing at snails, barnacles and edible sea lettuce in tidepools on Hog Island, followed by the showing of a video called ''Barnacles Tell No Lies.''
"But we are reaping the whirlwind of not being for years the kind of place that provides opportunities like this for talented people."
has given no guidance on how executives should value stock options, but interviews with estate lawyers suggest that executives are being advised to place very small values on options that they transfer.
And leather and pony-skin jackets were sexy and luxurious, in deep burgundy or gunmetal.
Then there are the costs of the on-line computer services.
Since Iraq's incursion, the United States has seen its military and relief efforts in northern Iraq collapse.
A month after that gathering, he issued a ruling that female genital mutilation, sometimes called female circumcision, was an Islamic duty.
''These are three starts that I can look back on where I've been pretty consistent,'' Wilson said.
The new equipment and personnel will be assigned to the busiest airports where risks are highest.
The crew was from the Marine base at Cherry Point, N.C., and was training at Yuma.
And George Stephanopoulos, an adviser to the President, said welfare rolls were down by 1.3 million since Mr. Clinton took office.
g5, Gelfand offered to return his extra pawn to 16 Nc5, but Anand pressed imaginatively for the attack with 16 Qg3 O-O 17 Bg5!?
That is the level of mistrust.''
''They used to be afraid to cross 42d Street,'' said James M. Nederlander, chairman of the Nederlander Organization.
In recent years, however, analysts have warned that the stocks have become more volatile and dividends less certain because the utility industry's monopoly has been eroded.
They're about happiness, humor, warm beaches, peaceful sunsets and innocence.''
The council does not have the influence it did in the 1960's, when economists were hailed as scientists hot on the trail of a cure for unemployment.
Some revisions will raise building heights along the street to three stories from two and permit office and residential use above stores.
CAN the day be far off when diners speak lovingly of fish that swim freely in the sea, just as they do now of free-range chickens?
"When I was with the Nets, I would look across the river and say, 'They're 30-14, they lose one game and the world is coming to an end.'
The disgust with illegal immigrants was palpable on a local talk radio show last week, when a caller railed against "wetbacks" who "ought to be sent back to Mexico."
''Now let me ask you, is it asking too much of the President to promise that he won't do that?
When Mr. Buchanan denounced the Federal Government for its $20 billion loan package to the Mexican Government, someone at a rally in Denver yelled, "That's our money."
But Jordan has announced that it will attend the Washington meetings.
But late last year, the fire forced three monks to move into the temple and the others to return to Thailand.
In the process, the valley became the focus of the first distinctively American school of art and literature, exemplified by the paintings of Thomas Cole and the stories of Washington Irving.
Perhaps it is only talk that often goes nowhere.
These hot flows then begin to speed up, much as ice skaters spin faster when they bring their arms close to their bodies.
As a graduate of a college that had been established to provide an education for American Indians, Mr. Ettinger, who found it curious that there were virtually no Indians at Dartmouth in his day, made it a point to include Indians among the beneficiaries of foundation scholarships.
In a letter to Mr. Clinton on Tuesday, the eight Catholic cardinals of the United States said that the provision on which he had insisted would have essentially allowed the procedure on demand.
Consider one marvelous exception, "The Usual Suspects": just before the end, the camera zeroes in on the standard-issue trapping of a detective's office -- wanted posters, coffee mugs, typed reports -- and suddenly pulls out random details that violently contradict everything the audience has seen on the screen so far.
The Muslims were trying to return to homes they had not seen since the war.
Religion and sports are still in competition, of course, for by their nature both do their thing when most Americans are at rest.
"One of the concerns of people on the block," said Rory Scott, who owns a home across the street, "is that if the building isn't repaired it'll have to be torn down."
''We're to them what they were for us in the 80's.
In most cases, if you have owned the stock for more than a year you can deduct its market value.
In southwest Yonkers, there are extreme needs in every area.
Weighing further on the retailing stocks was yesterday's broad market selloff.
It's better that they drink inside than in their cars."
Dave Righetti, who held the job for seven years, had saves in 10 straight appearances in 1986 but surpassed 7 in no other season.
"But when I see someone making something on TV or read a recipe in a book, I usually get it and then go and and make it."
The burger, along with every other entree, includes a mixed green salad.
But even if America is no longer disappointed in the President, Mr. Reeves still is.
Instead, they said, they would appeal to his supporters by stressing issues like curbing the deficit and overhauling Medicare.
And that, Mr. Borenstein said, could save taxpayers a significant portion of the nearly $50 million the city paid out last year alone for personal injury claims resulting from sidewalk slips and falls.
I'll even give you a head start.''
With extras such as sake, the bill came to just under $325 a person a night.
Following the game, Rodman accused the league of singling him out for punishment, directly criticizing David Stern, the N.B.A.
In replacing Johnson, a loquacious natural with lots to say, he heads into a situation where he is less than welcome.
At the council and the news conference afterward, Mr. Arafat beamed as he praised Mr. Chirac in glowing terms: ''The people see in you the hope for a better tomorrow.''
''If you met these guys,'' he said, ''you would understand.''
With admirable frankness and a kind of horrified wonder, Mr. O'Hagan ponders his own brief experiences with cruelty and its seductive power.
Up in those barren highlands, Mr. Peissel said, he first went to study the Minaro 14 years ago on the Indian side of the border, traveling in disguise because the military zone was off-limits to outsiders.
Other players are Apple Computer, which makes printers only for Macintosh computers, and the Lexmark International Group, the company created when the International Business Machines Corporation sold its printer business to Wall Street investors in 1991.
She did, remarkably, clarify the choreography's form, imbuing it with the expressiveness of her own dynamic.
''I have never seen it used in real life,'' said Mr. Gallina, who has been a planner for five years.
One way to illustrate the low risk of air travel in this country, Mr. Barnett said, is to imagine boarding a flight on a randomly chosen airline every day.
This promotes a trump trick for West, but it does not defeat the contract.
These numbers show strong and broad-based job growth," contended Joseph E. Stiglitz, chairman of the President's Council of Economic Advisers.
Officials said, however, that low scores resulted from a test introduced this year that they say is more difficult than the one used for the last 10 years.
The spot, which also won in the entertainment category, was for the "Sports Center" program on the ESPN cable television network.
Israel's deputy representative, David Peleg, was shown a videotape of the attack on Thursday and asked to provide more information by Monday.
Moving to England, he soon began playing "lower-class hoodlums" in films and on television.
People who follow these asininities in newspapers and sound bites can only conclude that Clinton and Dole regard them as gullible boobs.
The indictment says that most of those loans were used to shore up shaky business deals, or to pay credit card bills and maintain lavish life styles for the defendants.
He also insisted that an additional $59 million in cuts be implemented.
The foundation pays the Arthur Anderson Company, an accounting firm, $20,000 a year to print, mail and tabulate the detailed ballots, the results of which are not known until awards night.
No wonder Mr. Davis, now 34 and head of the meteorology department at Smith Barney Inc. here, is loving 1996.
Based on their findings, Dr. Barker said he and his colleagues now believed that ''factors after birth have much less of an influence on coronary disease than previously thought, although adult life style does add to the effects of intrauterine life.''
as a bizonal, binational state.''
His stroke average for the rest of 1995 was 72.06.
William Sickinger of the state police.
Both spaces are used for art, music and dance workshops, run by the store and by other groups.
Morningstar Inc., a service that monitors more than 7,000 mutual funds, notes that it tracks more stock funds -- 3,221 -- than there are companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange -- 2,755.
This week, Philips Home Services, the interactive services unit of Philips Electronics N.V., will begin selling a phone that can send and receive mail over the Internet using software from the Oracle Corporation, the same company that has hyped the idea of the network computer.
Also next Saturday at 8 P.M. the 16-piece Illinois Jacquet Orchestra opens its fifth season of big-band jazz at the Tarrytown Music Hall.
Every day used to be Christmas at the Tea Room, where the main dining room was festooned year-round with tinsel and decorative Christmas balls hanging from chandeliers.
'Spontaneous Broadway' John Houseman Studio Theater 450 West 42d Street Clinton (212) 642-8202 Recommended ages: 8 and up Through April 21 Remember that terrific musical of 1958, "Bye, Bye, Chipmunk"?
''Bonds were getting socked, stocks were getting socked, so the dollar got socked.''
So it is not difficult to understand the uproar a couple of years ago when word got out that a charter captain was intentionally attracting great white sharks by dropping buckets of blood, fish parts and a pig's head or two -- a practice known as chumming -- into the water off Ano Nuevo.
The bride, who is keeping her name, graduated magna cum laude from Williams College, where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, and received a master's degree in public and private management from Yale University.
Board meetings often drag on for hours, and even though they are poorly attended, someone is sure to stand up and gripe.
People are thinking about where UConn is and will come out and see it," Mr. Dombroskas said.
A phalanx of pallbearers carried the black coffin containing the body of Mrs. Alvarez, the owner of a Manhattan dry-cleaning store whom John J. Royster is accused of beating to death.
Participants in the New York City Investment Fund said that Mr. Kravis would also, to a great degree, be the chief asset.
Mr. Haines plans to report his findings in a letter to the American JOurnal of Public Health.
"I never knew what would happen next.
This high-quality event, with table screens, is popular with experts.
"The people spoke," said Ms. Rose, a homemaker whose grandchild and 15 nieces and nephews attend schools in her district.
A family of five was killed and another man was missing.
Two current favorites, for example, are medical-recordkeeping companies.
She contends that New Jersey has played a role in shaping it.
''It's easy to say, 'Business as usual around here,' '' the beleaguered offensive tackle said.
The three actors in the cast are perfectly nice-looking men, though hardly matinee idols or action hunks.
ROSIE O'DONNELL (nice suddenly sells.)
"She suddenly started taking off her clothes.
For several years, an informal group of Muslim women from around the world has met to spur discussion among Muslims everywhere about the rights of women.
In another case, when the kidnappers failed in an attempted abduction, they persuaded the family to pay anyway to prevent another try.
Flight 800 might be buried under a layer of sand, due to recent hurricanes in the Atlantic.
''Courts have regularly struck down rules which say that incumbents get favored positions on the ballots,'' Mr. Raskin said.
If we no longer measure a bride's worth by her chastity, why do we continue to behave as if we do?
But that, he said, was not because she did not care about events back home.
As a community, we said 'No.'
And hers are the lies that bind.
The Video Editing Edition comes standard with 32 megabytes of RAM and a 2.4 gigabyte hard disk drive.
career, which began in 1989-90.
Romano Gucci, the Gotham winner who might have gone on to the Preakness had he performed as the trainer Dick Dutrow hoped, instead will spend the next few days recuperating before Dutrow decides what is next for the gelding.
It also misstated the release date for previous guidebooks published by Money magazine.
Mr. Pataki urged the region's mass transit agencies to cooperate so that riders could eventually use a single ticket to travel from the end of Long Island to the airports in Queens to the foothills of the Catskills.
The clandestine broadcasts made death threats against one of the founders of the movement, Ieng Sary, a schoolboy friend and brother-in-law of the Khmer Rouge leader, Pol Pot.
''With this job I have peace of mind,'' he continued.
''I would love to spend six months on New Jersey history, but how can I do that when the public demands I teach X, Y and Z?''
A PLACE TO FALL By Roger Director.
Indeed, Williams himself presides visibly over the production in the form of the actor Tom Lacy, who reads the play's stage directions (written in an overripe prose matched by Mr. Lacy's molasses accent), takes addled charge of the apocalyptic sound effects and, bourbon bottle in hand, occasionally chucks authorial distance to join the action.
Being gay in a middle-American place like Stark County, a person tends to take a practical view of things.
His paternal grandfather, Mayer Lieberman, who migrated from Russia in 1902, was a portrait miniaturist who colored photographs.
Those of general interest will be published.
Annie Fischer's Beethoven Annie Fischer, a Hungarian pianist who died last year at 80, brought so much heart and head to her playing that the music emerged intact and pure even when her fingers did not cooperate.
Why the estimable York Theater decided to revive the show, which has music by Edward Thomas, a book by Jerome Coopersmith and lyrics by Martin Charnin, is a mystery, for over the years "Mata Hari" has acquired notoriety as a legendary flop.
What's going to happen to them if Connecticut only focuses on the most egregious cases?"
He said his strategy was simple, and listed the principles he has employed in each company he has entered.
And according to economists and other observers, the two groups differ markedly in style.
Yet the predicament for Republicans is that with the election only four weeks from Tuesday, some prominent party members are raising the prospect that Mr. Clinton could sail to Election Day without even a tightening in the polls.
Manager Bobby Cox has said that David Justice is healthy and ready to reclaim his job in right field, and Fred McGriff is apparently not going anywhere, meaning Ryan Klesko will remain in left instead of moving to first base.
For instance, in one commercial, a young man trudging through the frosty tundra sips a can of Pepsi, only to have it freeze to his lower lip.
That is because except for a few episodes -- the onset of the Korean War, revolts in Eastern Europe -- the decisive documents, including the working papers of the Politburo and Stalin's immense personal archive, remain under lock and key.
Monica Reyes and David Waldman were a hip Eve and Adam in Jane Kotapish's ''Trashdance/Be Mine,'' danced to music by G. Love and Special Sauce.
Her grown children respond by wiping their feet on her.
Only later do I learn that I have twisted it in the wrong direction, increasing the flow rather than shutting it off.
The hotel cites a minimum rate of $138 a night with tax, but a savvy travel agent in Mexico City got me a room for $85.
She said that she has not used the drug in about eight years.
He said the price was reduced because the real estate market had ''collapsed.''
How much harder would they push for results?"
"There was more of a money constraint thing that they wanted to be in Canada," said Clare Darragh, a spokeswoman for New Line Cinema, the film's distributor.
The number of participating officers from from Newark's 605-person patrol force has yet to be determined.
But it is a splendid building: lively, sensual, vibrant on the street, and both exhilarating and reasonably functional within.
Five huge events for which CBS received neither an advance warning nor a courtesy call.
"It was so loud that the neighbors complained, and we had to cut it out," Bratkowski said.
The Knicks need someone to help Harper run the team; Ward could be their Maurice Cheeks.
Our defense is good because there is trust in every area.
''Usually when I'm playing basketball, I'm the only girl out there.''
That view is under revision.
By the time the inning was over, the Yankees trailed by 3-0, with all three runs charged to Key.
The five-and-a-half-hour operation on Wootten went as planned, said Dr. JAMES BURDICK, the director of the kidney transplant program at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore.
would avoid imposing a fine or filing charges in court, which would have sent a more stinging message to the stock market.
Neumann also says a dead raccoon stuffed into his home mailbox was the work of radical anti-Republican environmentalists; his neighbors now watch over his house with shotguns.
In the most chaotic incident, the police this afternoon evacuated the Underground Atlanta entertainment complex and the adjacent Five Points mass transit station for nearly three hours after finding a suspicious package at a restaurant in Underground Atlanta.
A recent report of the American Farmland Trust, based on the California Department of Finance's projections of current growth rates, found that the Valley's population would triple by 2040 to 12 million and that housing would eat up more than 1 million of the 6.7 million acres of irrigated Valley farmland.
Though the poll-chastened Mr. Gingrich does increasingly talk a green game -- preaching a "new environmentalism" and distancing himself from some of his House cohorts' most extreme assaults on environmental laws -- there's far more spin than substance.
Muscoot is a 777-acre interpretive farm.
The deputy head of Bulgaria's national security service, Vladimir Markov, said that the hijackers were Chechens and that they were armed with pistols.
For trees that come with burlap-covered root balls or that are grown in containers and can stand upright by themselves when planted, staking can do more harm than good.
He's going to have something special for you."
To watch a film of Mr. Greenaway's is to see academic monographs in the making, and "The Pillow Book" is particularly intricate in that regard.
The company, the largest cable operator in the nation, is paying roughly $2,000 per subscriber.
On one panel of 16 prospective jurors, nearly half the people had advanced degrees.
East Coast people just seem to be in love with flying a flag at home, or on a boat.
Though Ms. Schiffer will not say how much she earns, those in the fashion industry put it anywhere from $8 million to $14 million a year, and possibly more.
Mr. Egan said the SUNY trustees had not previously known of these reports and that they would review them when they got copies.
The excitable Matt O'Dwyer, last year's second-round draft pick, is the new right guard.
The child was not wounded.
His strategy is not to seem youthful.
The play concerns the conversion of Harry and three of his buddies, all near retirement age, into Perot zealots and how their lives are shattered (hence the title, one supposes) when Mr. Perot pulls out of the race.
We had to request it.
She said it was impossible to estimate damage, but that the effects from flame, smoke and water had been considerable.
Gap Inc., which entered Britain in 1987, now has 71 stores in three European countries, and is fast opening more in France and Germany.
And the word 'secession,' which until recently was simply a synonym with protest, now has begun to assume its real significance of separation, schism, breaking away.''
Leave enough time to run down to the greeting card store.
It isn't always about money.''
For example, the front bumper has seven fewer parts than the bumper of the '96 model, yet it is able to withstand a 5-mile-an-hour impact, unlike the bumper of the '96.
The young girl who poses with a mallet in "Croquet" is something of a Lolita.
Letters Russell Baker: What a lovely blizzard.
But now that baby boomers are starting to hit 50, the companies that make these mixtures see an enormous potential for increased sales.
PROFILE Lynne Marie Savage Age: 50 Hometown: Brooklyn Education: Fort Hamilton High School; B.A, St. John's University; M.A.
CLEAN BEACHES Saturday is National Beach Clean Up Day and those who want to return something to the beaches that gave them pleasure all summer can just go out and pick up the trash littering their favorites spots.
I always thought I'd be a scientist.''
They will be displayed through Jan. 5 alongside an exhibition of some 250 European portrait miniatures and 50 European hand-painted gold boxes from the museum's collection.
Mr. Moynihan was born in Chicago.
"I don't care," he said, "if they brought in Jerry Rice.
Mr. Edwards's organization estimates that New Jersey has about 4,000 black Republicans, mostly in Newark and the surrounding suburbs.
So, moved by a superstitious belief in the power of preventive maintenance, I called the dealer and arranged a date.
FLORAL FALL -- Autumn Forest Tours at the New York Botanical Garden continue weekends at 1 P.M. and 3 P.M.; 200th Street at Southern Boulevard, the Bronx; admission $3 for adults, $1 for those 3 to 16 or 65 or over; (718) 817-8700.
But documents unearthed by Brown & Williamson lawyers portrayed Mr. Wigand harshly, accusing him of shoplifting and abuse of his wife and depicting him as a problem employee who was dismissed from his job for abusive behavior toward co-workers and misrepresenting his work.
Jeffrey D. Hummel, 24, a law student from Centerport, L.I., said one of Mr. Dole's major strengths, his experience, could also be viewed as his greatest weakness in a year when many Republican voters seem to want a political outsider as their candidate.
Messier, a frown on his unshaven face, sat in the press box.
There he finds all manner of virtual reality, including a virtual dog and a virtual hamster.
Dick Morris, Mr. Clinton's current strategist, argues conversely that the President should emphasize values, Administration officials say.
But for at least half of the tournament teams, the beauty of the next three weeks is in the hoping.
THAT CAMDEN SUMMER, by LaVyrle Spencer.
Let me tell you: no self-respecting goose between here and Canada is going to drop into that thing.
Mr. Lam said that this is a doll with full underwear -- lace-edged drawers, a petticoat with white laces and hand-knitted cotton socks.
"But where is the opposition, the competing forces, the domination?
While the public employees have been guaranteed a job at the same salary and the same benefits for three years, Integrated Systems, a subsidiary of International Business Machines, expects to use fewer of them on the Westchester County contract and would use the rest on other contracts.
But that theory proved wrong, and the cause of that crash is still not certain, though a mechanical problem is suspected.
The Russians deliberately choose astronauts ''who are strong enough not to show any feelings'' when receiving bad news, Mr. Ryumin said.
And not one of the three Americans in 1992 was as dilapidated as top-seeded Pete Sampras, destined by the seedings for a final-round clash with Andre Agassi, is this year.
But by applying very precise laser beams to the electron orbiting the beryllium nucleus, the institute group was able to induce the beryllium atom's outer electron to oscillate very rapidly between "up" and "down" spins.
And that is just as well, for dance was the least interesting part of the evening.
Fernandez will be taking the place of PAT KELLY, who has shoulder problems.
Yet, in looking at where he stands and where he has come from, scholars of American politics say it is hard to categorize him historically or to find any one ideological taproot.
In addition, all luggage was checked as part of a standard security procedure.
Kevin J. Nelan, the pastor of the church, said that school records did not support Mr. Carcaterra's account.
Esther Roberts, the manager of Gulliver's Travel, said the T.W.A.
Mr. Meyer plans to be sworn in on Monday.
You frequently get horrible representation at critical moments."
This process could strengthen democracy rather than dilute it.
How can I pay attention to a mere game when I'm fretting about whether to serve the patrol white or red wine with my $10 million steak?
Yet the heart can break in many different places, and the process is not without its humor.
The trade group issued its report after the close of the stock market, and analysts said it could set the stage for a selloff of semiconductor stocks.
'' Over the years, Mr. Trie opened and then sold a number of Chinese restaurants in Little Rock.
Her glory, it seems, posed a threat to the existing order.
Calling the PGA of America no-shorts rule for male caddies a ''case of discrimination against equal rights,'' two caddies defied the rule by baring their legs today.
But of its $2 million, the campaign will need to save a minimum of $500,000 for the convention, which means it can pay for little more than overhead and staff in the next four months.
''Because of all these instruments that are becoming available, the effective capital gains tax rate is fairly low among the very high-income groups.''
The guild recently staged its first nationwide publicity stunt, the ''world's largest organ recital,'' with 326 recitals played simultaneously in churches around the country, each opening with Bach's Toccata and Fugue in D minor.
I was thrilled to be there every year, especially the fourth and fifth, when we saw it coming."
"I think there's a certain amount of that," Lazier said, when asked whether there would be an asterisk next to his victory because of the boycott.
Mrs. Anderson-Bell, 26, is a management associate who produces promotional materials for the advertising department of Nickelodeon, the cable-television network in New York.
In Beckett's body of work, "Godot" shares a position of eminence with "Endgame," the more obdurate and difficult of the two.
The critical moment in yesterday's play came as early as Move 16, when Kamsky had to retreat a knight to unblock his queen's flank pawn phalanx.
In all, the Giants waived 11 players to reduce their roster to 63.
Because of what he calls his "very high likability and recognizability factors" in Chicago, Mr. Kurtis pursues sponsors.
The official would not elaborate or say whether the two property owners would be charged.
ADRIAN VOINEA of Romania defeated Wilander, 6-3, 7-6 (11-9), and JONAS BJORKMAN ousted Forget, 6-3, 6-4.
Of that, he spends about $185 weekly on a modest hotel room.
NEW JERSEY For Firefighters, a Long Night When Norman Leahy, chief of the Woodbridge Volunteer Fire Department, heard a report about a gasoline tank fire in central New Jersey, he said, "I knew it was going to be a long night."
Tovah Walters-Gidseg, a 14-year-old from New Paltz, N.Y., started her own World Wide Web page for teen-age vegetarians.
Harvard has determined that one night of tension simply won't do.
And they are the staples of the first business venture among four friends who decided that there was a market for them in Brooklyn.
said Ouidad Stephan-Wise, the owner of a hair salon in midtown.
The deficit with China has risen for six consecutive months, even as the two nations have wrangled with little apparent progress over how fast China should be subject to the free trade obligations that would come with membership in the World Trade Organization and its right to protect state-owned enterprises and certain sectors of the economy from international competition.
''We can have a 30-degree change of temperature from day to night.
And where does George E. Pataki stand?
But Mr. Carter has made an effort for world peace and international understanding."
The 18-year-old Jermaine O'Neal made his first appearance for the Blazers.
Apparently sensing the potential of the gentler approach, Senator Tom Daschle of South Dakota, the minority leader, used the debate's last moments not for partisan claims but to say, ''The people want the decibel level to come down.''
Serrano (D) Nay Nay Nay Yea Yea Yea 17.
Mr. Lott accused the President of being ''irresponsible'' on Medicare and said long-term problems with the health care program for the elderly should be dealt with by the Administration first, not by a bipartisan panel, as Mr. Clinton has suggested.
When it returned in 1994, it had only 4 percent -- all of it gray-market purchases for professional photographers.
Securities firms use this form of payment to try to win a portion of the increasingly popular $3.3 trillion mutual fund business.
In Hungary the alcoholism rate is as high as any country in the world; it's as high as in Russia.
), with a dot for the mouth, reflects the fact that it is still considered impolite for women to bare their teeth in a grin, to the extent that some women still cover their mouths with their hand when they laugh.
"I'm not really interested in England or America, only in Virginia and Mirador.
These are opportune occasions for making plain that Myanmar cannot normalize trade and diplomatic ties so long as it criminalizes its democratic opponents.
The export license had been delayed twice to give Graham Kirkham, an English financier, time to come up with the $22 million for the work, which was sold by a London dealer on behalf of the trustees of Firle Place, the South Downs home of the Viscount and Viscountess Gate.
In French, a dada is a child's rocking horse, and this proved a fit metaphor for the way the Dadaists viewed themselves: hyperactive children, rocking noisily on their hobbyhorses, going nowhere, but becoming a serious annoyance to the grown-ups in the room Their attitude was anarchic, cynical, nihilistic.
A6 U.S. efforts to bolster a nuclear agency meet opposition.
The story told in the old caponier (or flank battery), now the Harbor Defense Museum, is of a fort that was always prepared for battle -- with a 24-pound cannon pointed toward New York harbor, rifled artillery and an ammunition room stocked with wooden barrels of gunpowder and a supply of 12-inch mortars -- but never saw one.
He fills the stage with bodies moving to music that has a regular, percussive beat, in dance filled with spiky acrobatics, jagged lifts and holds and sudden, surprising gestures for the hands.
New technologies for re moving contaminants from the mud are also being tested, but many experts say it will cost too much and take too long to refine to put into widespread practice soon.
In another second-grade class, at P.S.
"A lot of parents have a rather dated sense of where kids can get in," Dr. Leana said.
It could have been the Miami heat, or the Miami pressure, but the Jets allowed the Dolphins to run for 195 yards.
"When he found out we were from Washington, he got the players to get off the bus to take the pictures with us."
''Breathing Room'' is Mr. Sherman's feature film directing debut.
''There were about six important pieces I didn't have,'' he said of the robots.
Perhaps just as unexpected, men in New York City consistently have the highest sperm counts of all.
He was a TV talking head.
There are some who might usher in the big Five-O milestone quietly, even pensively.
A final relaxation session helped.
But more money for the communities should not come at the expense of Caramoor, the Neuberger Museum, the Hudson River Museum and the Westchester Philharmonic."
He was the host at a Rose Garden ceremony in which he signed into law bills to fight illegal drugs, keep track of sex offenders and provide college funds for the children of slain police officers.
"It's a new language for a new wave of people."
From 1980 to 1993, when President Clinton took office, the welfare population had grown from 10.6 million to 14.1 million.
* Buildings' Licensing Division can tell you if your plumber is licensed, and whether any complaints have been filed against him.
"But it's obvious I can still do my job."
Important bands -- Bratmobile, Heavens to Betsy, Huggy Bear -- have broken up.
The deal is subject to certain conditions, including approval by the bankruptcy court, a Carolco statement said.
D'Amelio, R 3,190 71% Ken Bouffard, D 1,286 29% DISTRICT 72 100% Martin F. Spring, R 775 24% Reginald G. Beamon, D* 2,454 76% DISTRICT 73 100% Michael J. Cofrancesco, R 1,999 34% Joan V. Hartley, D* 3,940 66% DISTRICT 74 100% Lisa E. Mason, R 673 36% Michael J. Jarjura, D* 1,214 64% DISTRICT 75 100% Thomas F. Conway, D* 2,340 96% James Macary, O 100 4% DISTRICT 76 100% John E. Piscopo, R* 6,578 100% DISTRICT 77 100% Michael B. Rimcoski, R 3,326 37% Roger B. Michele, D* 5,602 63% DISTRICT 78 100% William A. Hamzy, R* 4,138 51% Michael E. Ganem, D 3,977 49% DISTRICT 79 100% Richard F. Prindle, R 2,673 35% Kosta Diamantis, D* 4,868 65% DISTRICT 80 100% Dennis H. Cleary, R* 6,045 90% John W. Obiden, CC 684 10% DISTRICT 81 100% Angelo M. Fusco, R* 5,716 59% Peter T. Dziedzic, D 3,943 41% DISTRICT 82 100% Philip T. Ashton, R 3,276 39% Emil Altobello, D* 5,150 61% DISTRICT 83 100% Rick Kilham, R 3,091 35% Jim Abrams, D* 5,630 65% DISTRICT 84 100% Helen Macri, R 1,246 24% Christopher G. Donovan, D* 3,877 76% DISTRICT 85 100% Barbara Chayer, R 2,927 33% Mary Mushinsky, D* 5,828 67% DISTRICT 86 100% Robert M. Ward, R* 5,077 100% DISTRICT 87 100% Curt Andrews, R* 4,838 45% Steve Fontana, D 5,975 55% DISTRICT 88 100% Nancy Beals, D* 6,850 100% DISTRICT 89 100% Edwin M. Kania, R 4,302 40% Vickie Orsini Nardello, D* 6,477 60% DISTRICT 90 100% Michael J. Sittnick, R 3,069 33% Mary G. Fritz, D* 6,272 67% DISTRICT 91 100% Peter F. Villano, D* 5,710 100% DISTRICT 92 100% Henry C. Campbell, R 795 15% Patricia Dillon, D* 4,362 85% DISTRICT 93 100% Howard Scipio, D* 3,304 100% DISTRICT 94 100% William Dyson, D* 3,666 100% DISTRICT 95 100% Peter Gero, R 322 10% John Martinez, D* 2,951 90% DISTRICT 96 100% Stanley M. Sanders, R 621 14% Cameron Staples, D* 3,691 86% DISTRICT 97 100% Chris DePino, R* 2,878 100% DISTRICT 98 50% Patricia M. Widlitz, D* 6,605 100% DISTRICT 99 100% Richard H. Smith, R 2,273 27% Michael Lawlor, D* 6,197 73% DISTRICT 100 100% Joseph C. Gallo, R 3,401 34% Susan Bysiewicz, D* 6,634 66% DISTRICT 101 100% Peter A. Metz, R* 1,793 61% Todd R. Foust, D 1,159 39% DISTRICT 102 100% Richard K. Greenalch, R 3,900 40% Peter J. Panaroni, D 5,942 60% DISTRICT 103 100% Lucien A. DiMeo, R* 4,420 45% Craig Henrici, D 5,416 55% DISTRICT 104 100% Randall W. Colette, R 1,942 27% Vincent J. Tonucci, D* 5,384 73% DISTRICT 105 100% Paul H. Rosebrock, R 2,917 30% John W. Betkoski, D* 6,851 70% DISTRICT 106 100% Julia B. Wasserman, R* 6,862 90% Charles Noe, Ind 772 10% DISTRICT 107 100% B. Scott San DISTRICT 108 100% Norma Gyle, R* 6,517 87% Joseph Ribeiro, Ind 978 13% DISTRICT 109 100% Donald W. Boughton, R* 4,300 46% Lew Wallace, D 5,145 54% Donald W. Boughton, Ind 0 0% DISTRICT 110 100% Tyrone B. Humes, R 1,039 35% Bob Godfrey, D* 1,918 64% Catherine V. DiBuono, Ind 29 1% DISTRICT 111 100% Christopher R. Scalzo, R* 7,818 100% DISTRICT 112 100% William J. Varese, R* 6,755 100% DISTRICT 113 100% Richard O. Belden, R* 6,586 100% DISTRICT 114 100% Brendan E. Williams, R 4,419 40% Ellen Scalettar, D* 6,033 55% Ellen Scalettar, ACP 497 5% DISTRICT 115 100% Paul M. Frosolone, R 3,768 32% Stephen D. Dargan, D* 7,857 67% Anthony E. Basilicato, O 85 1% DISTRICT 116 100% John A. Samperi, R 2,116 34% Louis P. Esposito, D* 4,020 66% DISTRICT 117 100% Ray Collins, R* 5,413 51% H. Richard Borer Jr., D 5,138 49% DISTRICT 118 100% Mary Corriveau, R 3,248 39% James A. Amann, D* 5,066 61% DISTRICT 119 100% Barbara Genovese, R 3,973 44% Richard F. Roy, D* 5,068 56% DISTRICT 120 100% John A. Harkins, R 5,439 58% Joseph R. Cavallo, D 3,898 42% DISTRICT 121 100% Gloria A. Davis, R 2,272 31% Terry Backer, D* 5,034 69% DISTRICT 122 100% Lawrence G. Miller, R* 7,023 100% DISTRICT 123 100% Elaine Hammers, R 6,041 58% Bob Golger, D 4,394 42% DISTRICT 124 100% Hera Powell, R 546 18% Ernest E. Newton, D* 2,525 82% DISTRICT 125 100% Ralph Langlois, R 1,091 21% Robert T. Keeley, D* 4,011 79% DISTRICT 126 100% Peter Perillo, R 877 17% Christopher L. Caruso, D* 4,343 83% DISTRICT 127 100% Michael J. Horvath, R 2,412 30% Jacqueline M. Cocco, D* 5,694 70% DISTRICT 128 100% Russell J. Tomatore, R 372 16% Edna I. Garcia, D* 1,974 84% DISTRICT 129 100% George Oldroyd, R 1,738 32% Lee A. Samowitz, D* 3,628 68% DISTRICT 130 100% Warren Johnson, R 265 11% Hector A. Diaz, D* 2,149 87% Willie Matos, O 48 2% DISTRICT 131 100% Ronald S. San Angelo, R* 5,934 66% Scott P. Troemel, D 3,021 34% DISTRICT 132 100% Carl J. Dickman, R* 5,583 54% Judy Boos, D 4,438 43% Carl J. Dickman, Ind 288 3% DISTRICT 133 100% Paul Martin Tymniak, R* 6,884 57% John C. Loeser, D 5,009 41% Bernard A. Nevas, O 237 2% DISTRICT 134 100% John E. Stone, R* 6,190 59% Frederick E. Miller, D 4,281 41% DISTRICT 135 100% John E. Stripp, R* 6,958 61% Tom Baptist, D 4,455 39% DISTRICT 136 100% G. Kenneth Bernhard, R 6,130 58% Kevin L. Hoffkins, D 4,422 42% DISTRICT 137 100% Richard J. Bonenfant, R 2,720 38% Alex A. Knopp, D* 4,417 62% DISTRICT 138 100% David J. Cappiello, R* 5,175 63% David J. Sessa, D 2,978 37% David J. Cappiello, Ind 0 0% DISTRICT 139 100% Kevin Ryan, D* 5,488 83% Kevin Ryan, ACP 1,141 17% DISTRICT 140 100% Jon J. Velez, R 1,964 37% Donnie R. Sellers, D* 3,396 63% DISTRICT 141 100% John J. Ryan, R* 8,319 100% DISTRICT 142 100% Lawrence F. Cafero, R* 6,525 65% Arnold Starr, D 3,527 35% DISTRICT 143 100% Antonietta Boucher, R 7,751 67% Stuart A. Smith, D 3,841 33% DISTRICT 144 100% John Wayne Fox, D* 5,864 100% DISTRICT 145 100% Christel H. Truglia, D* 3,372 100% DISTRICT 146 100% Moira K. Lyons, D* 5,321 100% DISTRICT 147 100% Michael Fedele, R* 7,164 68% D. Matthew Lacerenza, D 3,433 32% DISTRICT 148 100% Philip M. Candito, R 1,996 30% Anne B. McDonald, D* 4,667 70% DISTRICT 149 100% Janet K. Lockton, R* 6,773 62% Stephanie H. Sanchez, D 4,227 38% DISTRICT 150 100% Marilyn A. Hess, R* 2,595 100% DISTRICT 151 100% Claudia M. Powers, R* 4,515 70% Gwen M. Bylinsky, D 1,969 30%
But the very elements that give the study its force -- its sweeping, long-term vision and gloomy threats -- may also be the great stumbling blocks in selling it as a blueprint for where the region goes from here.
Attitude of the kind that the Olympic track star Michael Johnson throws off in a recent Ray-Ban ad, in which he stands defiant, sweaty and shirtless.
He was born in Danbury.
In the mid-1980's he changed careers and became a bilingual music educator, then a clinical psychologist.
JOY V. SILBER New York
And there are no limits beyond that.
in conspiracies to kill Fidel Castro.
In the meantime, Kharisma continues to enjoy the welcoming embrace of her new foster family.
The results were released after the stock market closed.
As Brooklyn Dodgers fans used to say, wait till next year.
In the fall of 1995, Billy Payne, the chief executive of the Atlanta Committee for the Olympic Games, stood in the Georgia Dome, the city's football stadium, and introduced the official wiener of the 1996 Summer Olympic Games.
Mr. Sampson called acquisition of the property "a major step for Croton and for the whole Greenway area."
The Oscar-winning film "Braveheart," which has been out on video for only a month in the United States (mainly for rental, since it sells for about $100), is available for purchase here for 20 pesos, or $2.70.
Mr. Christopher then called the agreement ''a milestone'' in relations.
The real issue, as I see it, is again a thinly disguised fear of a strong woman.
The pumps -- there are 14 on each 747 -- have been shown to be prone to leakage.
It was the only Yankee home run in the Series and it was the only Series at-bat of Mason's career.
The remainder, $11.8 million, is going to high schools and special education programs.
Mr. Achuthan said that he objected to the director's attempt to add creationism to the science curriculum and that although many other teachers shared his views, they kept quiet, fearing that they might jeopardize their jobs.
The light silhouetting Mr. Copperfield's form almost surely alters the perception of where he really is, she whispered.
He'll get it and the Steelers will contain Chandler and George.
She's been involved in the need for cancer research for such a long time."
Try Alonzo Spellman of Chicago or Arizona's Eric Swann.
BECKETT'S "ENDGAME," John Jay Theater.
In most states, the law offers little guidance on precisely what kind of assistance is allowed in a suicide.
Under a plan initiated four years ago, senior managers took out personal loans that were forgiven in part by their agreement to stay with the company for five years and in part by the rise of the stock price.
Over the last four years The New York Times has sent dozens of reporters to cover the Balkan war, and now, at a time of fragile peace, one of our own is among the missing.
''I've never seen anything like this in the big leagues,'' Hirschbeck said today.
The stock and bond markets also closed early.
Whites "have a symbiotic relationship" with Indians, she said: "they hate us, but love our money."
But in Los Angeles, nearly the full company -- dancers, designers, prop master, technical director, general manager -- spent three weeks in February doing research.
Doctors say there are some encouraging signs after KIRBY PUCKETT's eye surgery.
In the end, her considerably more assertive coach, Steve Nunno, did most of the talking for her.
One source of this bitterness may be Mr. Puzo's own experience as a writer.
It keeps beating you until you finally realize there's only so much you can control in the game.
Instead, it gave the business to the United Healthcare Corporation and three other companies.
However, this may add a layer of complexity to a law that already requires much record-keeping.
"You sit there for months, waiting, thinking they're going to show up again."
The small mound of freshly ground beef from the renowned Florence Meat Market next door, spiked with Worcestershire, Tabasco, onion and bits of egg (hard-cooked rather than raw, another concession to modern times), puts one in mind of Scotch, martinis and good cigars.
Besides physics, Dr. Langsdorf had one other passion: gardening.
Last month, when Mr. Clinton declined to veto the bill, she termed it ''a moral blot on his Presidency.''
Right now, the partners' all-news cable station (MSNBC) and Internet news service may seem like minor players in the media game, but there are fears on the part of critics that this is yet another turn of the screw, as technology companies, conglomerates and the entertainment industry spoon-feed the public ever more plentiful ''products'' and prepackaged information.
His gesture backfires when he starts filing stories exposing the shady practices of an assistant district attorney, a woman whose pitiless code of judicial ethics (''Shovel 'em in.
Mr. Mahoney said Tishman Speyer had hired 400 temporary replacement workers to replace the 400 strikers at his company's buildings, explaining that the new workers were doing the same jobs as the old: running freight elevators, vacuuming carpets, mopping floors and taking out the garbage.
Agnew's finger looked like one of those highway signs that signals a curved road is just ahead.
He was indicted by an Orange County grand jury in May.
The temperature is lowered because an exchange of heat takes place between the evaporating fog and the outside air.
The choices here are limited, he said, with 3 public research universities, 9 state colleges and 15 private four-year institutions.
To the Editor: It is to be hoped that your Nov. 4 editorial ''The Changing Face of AIDS'' will increase recognition among black leaders of the enormity of this problem and the urgency to act -- not only by pursuing methods of treatment, but by preventing the infection in the first place.
No wonder WABC continues to defend Mr. Diamond.
The 10 people Mr. Salaam placed in his wilderness did more than dance well: they did so in such a way that it was easy to forget they were human beings.
There is also a particularly good version of the MPEG-1 video decompression scheme.
Physically and emotionally drained, cut off from the outside world and from her former comrades, Miss Meinhof, 41, died on the night of May 8-9, 1976, evidently a suicide by hanging.
Revelations concerning Michael Jordan's gambling debts and the character of the people to whom he was indebted raised questions about the sanctity of competition.
With less than 10 minutes left, he followed up a 19-foot jump shot with a monster block on Eric Williams.
Buick got involved, he said, because of its futuristic XP2000 show car.
There are two reasons for this: State Senator Joseph L. Bruno and Governor Pataki.
"I don't give a damn what happens to them!"
In reality, the actor says, he simply wanted to protect himself from rejection.
"I eat a lot of anise to break my writer's block.
Assemblyman Joseph Crowley, a Democrat from Queens who is the bill's main sponsor, said: "This is the first thing I'd like to do.
Rescue workers making their way through the blasted-out cars found bodies lying among shoes, briefcases, handbags and other debris.
I find that deeply offensive.
He used phrases like "I'm happy" and "very satisfied" to describe his reaction to the tense, well-played affair.
"So I got out real wide to try to take that away.
''Lou has not given to me or to Father Beauchamp any clearer reason for his decision other than what he has expressed to you,'' Wadsworth said.
Mr. Maier was named president of the unit in 1994.
Mr. Cooper also filed a second suit against the town's insurance company, its brokers, Mr. Bullock, the former Supervisor; Timothy Gallagher, former Deputy Supervisor, and Ms. Lester, charging that they conspired to deprive him of his constitutional rights.
Children visiting the Andrus Planetarium can learn the spiritual and visualize its coded message.
Floyd E. Bright, 19, of Houston, United States Army officials said.
FAIRLEIGH DICKINSON UNIVERSITY The American Stage Company presents "All My Sons," by Arthur Miller.
Comments: The coaches couldn't find Ricky Watters to go in for a couple of plays last week against the Jets and that has caused a mini-flap in Philadelphia.
The combined company will cover 23 million people, or one in every 12 Americans, offering everything from health and disability protection to prescriptions, mental health, vision, dental care as well as retirement services.
On Thursday the president of the Chinese Olympic Committee, Wu Shaozu, was reported by a Japanese news agency to have suggested that a boycott might occur if Taiwanese officials were invited to Atlanta.
He treads carefully, separating race from culture, declaring that cultural similarities often transcend race (as in the case of the Chinese of the Caribbean, who have been assimilated into the West Indian culture) and mentioning several prosperous African minorities to prove that no race has a monopoly on cultural success.
The exhibition, opening on Saturday and running through April 28, contains about 70 paintings and other works originally displayed at the Grosvenor by artists whose names are well known today, but whose work has settled into a prescribed niche in art history.
Though the Croatian Serb troops may have numbered 40,000 at one time, today most are thought to be dispirited refugees rather than a fighting force.
The bare minimum for keeping a house open was $30,000 a year.
''Like fire ants and kudzu,'' he said, referring to two other unwanted imports that have thrived in the South, ''once they are established, they are virtually impossible to get out.''
We have a crisis every three months but we must just keep fighting.''
Costs are too high and regulations too complex for most individuals to invest directly in foreign stocks.
"The two are not that different," he said.
But New Jersey differs from many other states in that it provides financing through post-conviction appeals, and death sentences always have many appeals.
"It's going to be quite a challenge to me," said Housley, who will join the Devils for his first practice today in preparation for the game with the Islanders on Friday night.
And it will take more than just one of them pulling out.
"A guy complained of the $35 price for the country festival," Mr. Wolke said of the advanced ticket price.
How can it fail to ease the pain?
The shares of the GT Interactive Software Corporation plunged 37.6 percent yesterday after it warned that delays in products tied to the hot-selling Nintendo 64 would result in fourth-quarter sales of $115 million to $125 million -- below analysts' expectations of $150 million.
REBECCA LOBO, who helped take women's basketball to new heights of popularity with her playing skill and charm, was named yesterday as the Associated Press female athlete of the year for 1995.
And I'll take imperfections amid talent, courage and charm over pristine miniaturism any day.
Revenue from the company's electronics unit, which now includes the purchased operations, rose 99 percent, to $1.14 billion, from $573 million in the 1995 quarter, when Northrop Grumman did not own the Westinghouse businesses.
Between a hesitant principal and a slow moving court system, there was no way to expel the teen-ager.
This remarkable book is an act of catharsis, not hubris, Richard Nixon's final apologia.
He then took to the campaign trail to highlight his anti-crime initiatives and raise campaign money for House Democrats.
"I've been surprised to find places that look O.K.
Entirely separate from the MCA deal, Mr. Grey retains his management company, which represents a long roster of writers and producers, and a growing list of star performers including Brad Pitt, Nicholas Cage, Christian Slater and Garry Shandling.
Goerge E. Pataki has indicated in the past that he favored some version of the bill, but an aide said yesterday that the Governor had "grave concerns" about its cost to the city.
"It's good to pamper yourself once a year."
"They're more effective because they're ghetto," says Russell Simmons of Def Jam.
The trick for Mr. Dole is to assuage Mr. Buchanan's ardent followers on social issues and economic anxieties without alienating other parts of the potential Republican coalition.
: Meteorite fall missed two boys by 3.5 meters.
Meanwhile, Judge John G. Koeltl of Federal District Court in Manhattan rejected arguments by lawyers for the Irish Lesbian and Gay Organization that city rules governing parade permits are unconstitutional.
The sound track is a concert of whale songs, accompanied by narration.
They also charged that the report was compiled merely to provide Mr. Pataki, a Republican, the political cover he needs to campaign on behalf of legalizing casinos at the same time many of his more conservative supporters voice opposition to the idea.
He told me, 'That's all I need.'
The CE's 2.2-liter four-cylinder engine now produces 133 horsepower, 8 more than before.
The dark sunglasses and the brisk walk were the first signs.
''You ask some guy for his safe boating certificate and he'll say it's back at the marina.
Milwaukee, he explained, is a good place to do churchly work.
"Most of the boys look at the girls and the girls worry about how they look."
planes at Kennedy International Airport without being asked for identification.
He also said he would have ''no problem'' if American sanctions were lifted and American companies could once again do business in Iran.
Mrs. Dole went on to tell the 3,000 prayer breakfast guests, including President Reagan, that she once "had God neatly compartmentalized, crammed into a crowded file drawer of my life, somewhere between 'gardening' and 'government.'
Defensive end CEDRIC JONES, the team's top draft choice, returned to practice.
Israeli and Syrian negotiators today concluded six days of preliminary talks on a possible peace agreement that Secretary of State Warren Christopher said were marked by "a new sense of pragmatism" and a "mutuality of purpose" that were missing in the past.
Even the ''Sunset Boulevard'' imbroglio made it into the revue in Los Angeles a couple of years ago: ''We decided that Andrew Lloyd Webber kept her in the show but made her play Max, the butler,'' Mr. Alessandrini said.
He did not disclose current White House policy on sin.
A solo in the Jauk style, which is pantomimed mask dance for demonic characters, was performed by I Made Jimat.
"It's become an event, not a basketball tournament, and there are so many people that want to be a part of it.
Kensil is familiar with Kotite, of course.
If a few ringers on the commission add up to a stacked deck, according to the Simon formulation, one would expect a pro-gambling report to be a shoo-in.
Now, her life will probably never be quite the same because of it.
Work will be completed in 1997.
Gaudeamus rehearses Wednesday evenings, but tryouts are tomorrow evening from 6 to 9 in Battell Chapel at Yale (542-1542).
Alice has just received a pair of pink heart-shaped sunglasses from her grandmother in Florida, and Emily, desperate to have them, offers to trade her little sister, Nora, in exchange.
Duncan's sacrifice fly and Girardi's single elevated the score to 5-2.
"You know, when it first happened, you were naive about it," Malone said tonight of the virus that causes AIDS.
Emmanuel Faraone, a Roman Catholic priest, performed the ceremony at the Church Center for the United Nations in New York.
"The world is about urgency and skid marks," Mr. Spence said.
"If you are using one airline's system to book flights on another airline," Mr. McDonald said, "I can see how you might not get the most current changes on fares and rules.
So does she think of herself as intimidating, a hard case?
By his death in 1987, Goh had been transformed from a virtual unknown into the choreographer most solicited by companies in the United States and abroad.
Wealthy Mexican businessmen have felt the danger for a number of years.
What makes it so striking at the moment, many pollsters say, is its size and its potential to affect not only the race for the White House, but also the battle for control of the House.
But Paolo Berlusconi, the former Prime Minister's brother, who runs the family's construction interests, was found guilty of paying $810,000 in kickbacks on property sales between 1982 and 1985 and sentenced to 30 months in prison.
A21 Ross Perot said Mr. Clinton should have opted to resign.
If you tell me you've got a drug problem or a crime problem, or S.A.T.
Dr. Jones was responsible for recruiting church members, counseling and recording telephone prayer messages.
"Patience," he said today, "isn't one of my strong suits."
Joseph Pugliese, a lawyer and sport fisherman from Stamford, said it was ''like someone turned off a light switch'' when the menhaden boats came through this year.
And Clinton spinners, called once more into the breach, again argued that the press was tawdry for reporting personal matters.
plans to announce today its strategy for building internal corporate computer networks using new software from its Lotus subsidiary.
Given that the substance is pervasive, some experts strongly believe that the C.D.C.
The Nasdaq composite gained 16.42 points, to 1,245.49, though it remains below the high it established last month.
He said Mr. Aguilar Zinser had failed to examine other records that showed his decision had been fully supported by the appropriate authorities.
And it is up to people like Ms. Jean-Louis to hold the scene together, with tasks like scraping off nightclub stickers plastered over ad posters and playing cat and mouse with a homeless man named Leroy.
The set is relatively spare, dominated by a large bifurcated staircase that makes for somewhat clumsy entrances and exits.
In one instance the police have proposed limiting access to a lawyer following an arrest to one 30-minute meeting.
Preston Smith, the owner of Killington until he sold it last year to the American Skiing Company, said that he had considered a train to Killington.
They feature a young addict describing how, after losing his job, he had to "have sex with men for money to support my habit."
He soon moved to New York, where he worked in almost a dozen agencies in various creative and management positions.
The employment report yesterday essentially confirmed to many in the market that the huge surge in payrolls in February was not a fluke.
But in his music these chant melodies are engaged in a fierce struggle, perhaps reflecting his political beliefs.
The base, just southwest of Brcko, is in a particularly tense area in the three-mile wide strip of land that separates Bosnian Government and Bosnia Serb territory.
Jack McGonnigle, the Emergency Medical Services tour commander.
"And you know it's been sold out for a month."
And that, I want to make very clear, has been maintained while he has been here."
The Washington defense had no trouble shutting down the Cowboys' offense, which was run by Aikman's backup, Wade Wilson.
"In some places, the river resembles more a flowing mudslide than a river," said Michel Oksenberg, a China specialist at Stanford University.
In the third quarter, gross domestic product grew at an annual rate of 3.2 percent.
Before the judge sentenced Mr. Minott, the youth was arrested for participating in the holdup of a Brooklyn diner.
The world has changed since Susan Molinari, the Staten Island Republican, learned while running for Congress in 1990 that her opponent had taken to referring to her as "a little girl."
But with his party's national convention next week and the election only three months away, he is being forced now to make a number of commitments that will define his candidacy as clearly as anything he has said or done so far.
They found that negative ads that only attack opponents now constitute more than half of all political advertising.
Kraft won, and the Patriots selected receiver Terry Glenn, now one of the league's best rookie receivers.
"When I tell other people that I work out of a shower, they laugh," Ms. Bregman said.
Her mother, Doris Noveck, owns Professional Travel Services in Toms River.
Ms. Feldman said it was "a document control problem" and did not appear to have been deliberate.
The Rangers continue to streak.
No one on the Rangers flops, you understand.
The Dutch Foreign Minister, Hans Van Mierlo, said today that a three-stage plan that would allow the European Union's executive body, the European Commission, to produce a framework for eradicating the cattle disease could be agreed on quickly if Britain ended its obstructionism.
The event, presented by Composers Collaborative and the New School, will also offer readings from Thomson's letters and reviews, panel discussions on such topics as what is was like to dine with Thomson, a fabled cook, at his Chelsea Hotel apartment, and several films, including John Huszar's public broadcasting documentary, ''Virgil Thomson at 90.''
THE SPIRIT LEVEL, by Seamus Heaney.
"The beet worm, the aphids have taken over.
''I could relate to Kotite, even though I'm only a high school coach, and I don't have to deal with the media and the pressure that goes with his job,'' Fazio said.
"I think they'll be slightly up this year in earnings over last year."
"We may end up paying for this agreement and then end up having to build a $7 billion filtration plant anyway," Mr. Hevesi said.
Harley Augustino was found alive but was suffering from hypothermia and was taken to a hospital by helicopter.
''You can see the convergence of economic policy, which is really quite remarkable,'' Alexandre Lamfalussy, president of the European Monetary Institute in Frankfurt, said at a recent meeting of European central bankers.
Mr. Clinton saw the trap and let it be known that he would sign a repeal if it came to his desk unencumbered by what he called "poison pills."
Not be outdone, Senator Bob Dole's entire campaign is being rushed to "E.R."
Wednesdays through Sundays, noon to 5 P.M. 49 Washington Street, Newark.
Mr. Share realizes that he is aging and he wants to find a food distributor who will take over and perpetuate the Lou.
"We are the 7-Eleven of medicine," Susan Vassallo, a doctor, complains.
Right now, the prospect of writing for the movies holds more allure than journalism.
We who have benefited and are living beyond our appointed years (I am 90) should, based on financial ability, pay higher premiums for Medicare than those who have not yet been granted the privilege of living on borrowed time.
Even if Muslim candidates win in towns where they once held an overwhelming majority, like Srebrenica, the former United Nations safe haven where perhaps 5,000 Muslim men were massacred last year, there are grave doubts they would be able to take office any time soon.
"I think Oak will be fine.
PAPERBACK THIS MONTH +1/LAST MONTH 1 THE SEVEN HABITS OF HIGHLY EFFECTIVE PEOPLE by Stephen R. Covey (Fireside/S&S, $12).
''There's always that innate bond,'' said another man in the program, a 53-year-old Army veteran whose drug use destroyed his career in education.
The laboratory failed to win dismissal of the most serious allegations.
In July, the economy added 228,000 jobs; the figure for August was 250,000.
They warned repeatedly that India could not abuse the rights of its minorities if it was to survive.
This past summer we changed our technique back to what we had done."
Soon after, Mr. Vargas had Mr. Reyes sent him to a drug spot he had opened on 184th Street and Audubon Avenue.
Sensing opportunity at hand, Negativland enthusiastically mixed these mutterings with samples from a U2 song, then put out a 1991 single on the SST label with a picture of the U-2 spy plane on its cover.
But Fidelity Investments, whose mutual fund business is increasingly leaning toward corporate and individual retirement accounts, has seen net inflows to equity funds fall to $4.3 billion in February from $6.3 billion in January, said Robyn S. Tice, a spokeswoman.
The latest reports indicate that for the first time schools have no heat or electricity this winter, and that because of sub-freezing temperatures, schools were closed throughout the country for January.
At least that is what the organizers of the new Music Festival of the Hamptons hope.
"Why are they getting additional money?"
It makes me strong," he said and flexed his muscles to make his point.
''His life is a testament to bravery.''
Many friends of the couple predicted that while they now live in an apartment filled with antiques in Greenwich Village, they will eventually settle in Connecticut and have a large family and an old eyesore of a car.
Agreements in those three areas were not reached during the so-called Uruguay Round of trade talks, which created the World Trade Organization.
That court in turn upheld two 1992 rulings by the United States Court of Federal Claims, dismissing lawsuits brought by two defense contractors, Hercules and the Wm.
Ato Boldon of Trinidad "absolutely, 100 percent" guaranteed a world record in the Olympic 100 meters tonight, and he was right.
More than a year ago, the fortunes of nearly 70,000 people at the world's largest airplane-manufacturing complex here seemed to have hit rock bottom.
Many people endure commuting up to two hours each way on trains that are so overcrowded that commuters have to be pushed into the cars by conductors.
"Even if it gets better, I may have to have surgery down the line, I'm not sure."
Nor is it enough to face ostracism for not acquiescing, they said; a woman must literally face being forced into it.
But when second baseman Andy Fox bobbled a grounder, then botched the throw, and when three hits came off broken bats, it would not be Wetteland's night.
Central, have the longest winning streak in the majors this season.
In January, a restored 1875 Victorian on an acre on Knollwood Terrace in the Cedars section, went for $585,000.
At the end of this year the Disney Company will not have Mickey Mouse clothes made in Burma; its licensed supplier will stop manufacturing there for ''strictly business reasons'' -- evidently meaning the pain of a boycott.
For most of the 20th century, the Mashantucket Pequots had no cohesive tribal life, Joan Simonds said.
"I'm going home to pack, like everyone else."
Under the compromise struck this month, the President could cancel spending for projects listed in tables and charts that accompany a bill, as well as in the bill itself.
The award gives most employees a 43 percent pay raise over six years, going back to the 1994 fiscal year and ending in 1999.
To show that they are not waiting around for a grandiose rebuilding project, Mr. Kujundzic and his staff have produced the first issue of a new library journal called Bosniaca.
The party needs new vision.''
So far, he has the field to himself.
Patria *** 250 Park Avenue South, at 20th Street, (212) 777-6211.
Well, I don't know where you live.
At such a time, it's a blessing to have Geoffrey Beene.
''Would you like to hear him play the trombone?''
The company's management and unions negotiated for 16 months to trade a stake in the company for wage concessions before those talks fell apart last July, when USAir said it would negotiate separately with each union.
He said, too, that the company had replaced 11 of its top 15 managers in the last three years, although he would not say that things had been done improperly in the past.
(AP) TENNIS Stich to Skip Australian Open Michael Stich was ousted from the Qatar Open in Doha by Peter Korda in the second round yesterday and said he will not play in the Australian Open later this month.
''All I could think of was Colin Ferguson,'' said Christine Hammer, who fled the train with her 4-year-old daughter, Carla.
And though he is pleased about his community's growing muscle, the retired dentist in the dapper wingtips seems ambivalent about the new personalities.
"The question," he added, "is would you go to work on a contract basis for six months, knowing that 40 percent of those who do it end up with full employment.
Tours are self-guided, with local shuttle buses providing transportation at some locations.
The nation wants to watch to see if we're good or if we're a fluke.
Sunk in a swamp only minutes from the Miami airport, the wreckage of the DC-9 resists strenuous efforts to recover its remains and learn its secrets.
The Dow advanced 32.51 points, to 5,492.12, but technology shares faltered.
Even after Pettitte's 12-9 rookie season and snazzy spring, Torre was amazed by his effort in 35-degree weather last Wednesday against the Indians.
The problems with the biggest potential for affecting the Games have been those involving athletes.
Dr. Peter Neidig, a psychologist who went against the professional grain by championing a long-shunned form of therapy for spouse abuse, died on Thursday at his home in Stony Brook, L.I.
The everyday dangers that beset teen-age girls.
But it is doubtful that the T.A.
Perhaps that is the best explanation of why these two coldhearted creatures cleaved to each other through thick and (mostly) thin: they had their love of power politics to keep them warm.
And a year after that the Bills surged to 12-4 while the Jets posted their only other winning record of the decade: 8-7-1.
But on the campaign trail, Mr. Dole has been promising to get things done in general and to take early action in particular on a bill to make health insurance portable from job to job.
It is an engaging opening.
So when Unit 3 shut for repairs in March, the N.R.C.
All the eccentric people dealing with different issues.
But rising international condemnation has led African countries to assess the prevalence of the practice and local groups to combat it.
Not all of the figures in the London exhibition will make the journey across the Atlantic.
Over all, Mr. DiLorenzo took nearly $50,000 from cash payoffs, thefts and his proceeds from the sale of more than four pounds of cocaine.
Their bulk -- particularly that of the 12-foot-high "Standing Woman" -- gives them a certain force, but they no longer have the expressive urgency of the same works in smaller scale, nor the touching, intimate animality of the women in the paintings.
I realized listening to these American women how important it is to say: 'Yes, I lost my breast but my breast is reconstructed, I had chemotherapy, I lost my hair.
Next Sunday there is a noon band concert at Gov.
This week, a Government investigation suggested that I.B.M.
And one supercomputer industry executive not involved in the disputed contract said that Cray's decision to seek Government relief was a sign of the company's increasingly difficult position in the face of changing technology and more aggressive foreign competition.
A judge has ordered an Alzheimer's patient to return home to live with his wife, despite a plea from the man's son that the move would put the man's life in jeopardy because the wife had tried to consult with Dr. Jack Kevorkian.
His critics contend that the plan was structured that way to mask the abrupt changes in the way improvements would be paid for, beginning next year.
Then, after getting his degree in electrical engineering, he joined the Italian distributor for Motorola Semiconductors, before moving into sales at Motorola itself, eventually making his way to the United States.
Tickets, $75, or $30 for the show alone, from (212) 620-7310.
Spear retired at the end of 1986, after the restructuring was completed.
He told the man that whatever the outcome of their late-night meeting, he must "remain calm."
Among other things, this confirms the disdain felt by longtime chaplains and prison officials for the quick-hit approach.
All day yesterday, Mr. Bijur shuttled among meetings with civil rights leaders, apologizing for the words captured on tape and committing his company to becoming a model for equality in employment.
Regrets "If I had had the money, I would have taken up an instrument that plays a melody.
"The Lesson" is divided diagonally, half is an arcadian forest and half is a smooth lake on which sits a simple boat.
But I don't want Communism either, even though my family and I live in conditions close to poverty.
Under her coat and scarf she wore a jersey and tights -- as though ready in case a practice or even a meet happened to break out somewhere.
The bride's father was an electrical engineer in Manhattan for Olivetti, the Italian office equipment company.
The score of this film, with selections performed on the soundtrack by the real David Helfgott, is not simply music.
In his talk to the business people, he did not apologize for last year's House votes that weakened Washington's regulatory authority over health, safety and the environment.
But Johnson told GARY STEVENS, the offensive coordinator, and MEL PHILLIPS, the defensive backs coach, that they would return, giving the Dolphins five assistants.
Asked on a Red Sox conference call if he was indeed happy, Duquette said: ''We worked very hard to sign Roger.
It stands at 70 percent.
Students at Bronx Science who take part in the Westinghouse competition find themselves jobs with scientists and researchers at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, the Rockefeller University and the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, Ms. Greene said.
Last Friday night, after a more detailed analysis of Nielsen's raw numbers and methodology, the Vanderbilt professors, joined by William D. Kalsbeek, a researcher in biostatistics at the University of North Carolina, posted a report on the World Wide Web, calling Nielsen's analysis "seriously flawed" and "grossly inflated."
But it is an inconvenient turn of events for the the Clinton Administration, which has made the export boom a centerpiece of its economic message.
But none have approached the cost of Los Angeles's.
He came over from Texas assuming the money would guarantee him an opportunity, but to his chagrin they have held him out of the rotation.
"I didn't feel secure when I was on it," admitted Aliza Klein, who hugged her 6-year-old daughter as they returned to earth about 1:30 P.M.
Here are some answers from the class taught by Mary Ann Sovino, past president of the New Jersey Council for the Social Studies.
It is the architectural equivalent of a Sousa march.
Ms. Lin, now married, works in a bank at the World Trade Center and hopes to finish her college work at Brooklyn College.
A rusty, 69-year-old water main cracked early yesterday under East 60th Street in Manhattan, spewing a foul-smelling muck of water and sewage into one of the busiest subway stations and disrupting train service for almost six hours into the early part of the morning rush.
A1 ARGENTINA'S MARKETING ORDERS The once-powerful Argentine military has lost much of its support under democracy and has had to turn to money-making schemes, such as renting out space to commercial ventures.
Those stocks are supposed to be easier to trade in large volumes without distorting prices.
Called "fancy skating," it emphasized the painstaking tracing of the "school figures" -- variations on the figure eight -- that would give the sport its name.
A gasoline storage tank exploded today, igniting a second tank and sending a tower of smoke thousands of feet over Mexico City.
Neither is treating its source as just an inspirational framework.
He soon became a volunteer, then a coach.
Reproductive has a similar policy for women from 40 to 45.
Hamshahri, which is published by the Teheran's city government, offered a different version of events, saying 21 people were transferred to a Teheran hospital after the accident.
But corn dogs, however unusual, at a black-tie fund-raiser in Manhattan?
Talking about his work with the Police, Sting ("We flew the flag of punk to get in through the door") attributes much of the group's success to luck, to being in the right place at the right time.
''I am allowed to charge 83.90 marks ($56) for a house call from a private patient,'' he said.
There are many ways children could be taught various perspectives by using horrifying images on television.
He was actually the reverse, which separates him from the Dadaists, among others of his time.
"You get warm, and everything kind of goes red and blue," said one 24-year-old aspiring actress.
Shares were unchanged yesterday at $17.875.
LISA FELDMAN New York, Dec. 17, 1996
More than a million Rwandan refugees have abandoned camps near the border and are moving westward into central Zaire.
Instead, Mr. Moynihan's study is an analysis of the prospects of our economy as sober and serious as his credentials are weighty.
5 4 3 SLOUCHING TOWARDS GOMORRAH, by Robert H. Bork.
The ABC-affiliated stations are KHBS in Fort Smith and KHOG in Fayetteville.
Before welfare recipients take their higher benefits to Tiffany's, however, they should read the proposal more carefully.
General Tikhomirov reported on Tuesday that 30 Russian soldiers had been killed.
''The blues is about everyday life,'' Mr. Hayes added.
Whoever is responsible, Mr. Paff said: ''The back's been broken on Mafia influence.
The firm has posted average annual revenue growth of 26 percent over the last five years, along with average pretax profit margins of 21 percent.
"I accept people's personalities the best that I can," Nelson said.
There is a graceful suggestion of courtliness, for example, in her remark that a local real estate agent ''listened to us as though we spoke perfect Italian,'' and self-deprecating humor in her admiration for a contractor, apparently basking in her view of the valley, who turns out merely to be keeping his back to the house so he can talk without interruption on his cellular telephone.
Torre, Johnson and La Russa did not need time.
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow.
''This is a mixed community, and a lot of people don't take the time out,'' Mr. Earle said.
Those same records show that in taped conversations, a Secret Service agent threatened to charge Mr. Offen in the case if he did not cooperate, and testify against the defendants.
"We're very sympathetic to the fact that it's an industrial area and has a good deal of signage that intrudes on the residential quality of that area," he said.
But big-footing it into a foreign market with a fat checkbook can provoke the ire of local broadcasters.
ALMOST in the shadow of the Fresh Kills landfill on Staten Island, a new factory is being built to process part of the city's trash into paper that will be used to make cardboard boxes.
But later is better than not at all.
The police investigating the lynching in El Encanto received much the same response.
This was a nimble-footed, unblustery portrayal.
None budged beyond third base after the first inning as the Yankees experienced a futile day against two unknown pitchers in succumbing to the California Angels, 7-1.
A large children's sandbox, like a mini-beach, also sits right above the river.
THE Delta Clipper, the experimental rocket that takes off and lands on its tail, is flying again to test new technology that may be applied to the next generation of satellite launchers.
''I've always been kind of conservative about it.
"Cougars were spotted inside the community as well.
Dishes here are highly seasoned but rarely fiery.
"I think it would be extremely helpful to fill out this kind of survey before you make your college choices," he said.
The Japanese Government quickly apologized for the latest incident, and the White House spokesman, Michael D. McCurry, said that President Clinton, who received a written report on the accident, had accepted the "gracious expression of regret."
Now touring behind a live album, ''It Happened One Night'' (Metro Blue), Ms. Cole has a bona fide show, with naturally laconic pacing, and a band that can turn on a steamy, languorous effect -- sort of like the Disney World version of how a jazz club sounds.
For physical discomforts like breast pain, Dr. Sondheimer recommends taking a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug like ibuprofen.
Turner's defense has struggled all season, and he may be singled out as the scapegoat for Washington's late collapse.
The Cardinals scored on the next play on a timing pass from Payne to Ibn Green.
Jennifer Lynn Gabler, the daughter of Toni Hilton of Aurora, Colo., and Dr. Lawrence Gabler of Denver, is to be married today in Old Greenwich, Conn., to Scott Barrett Rose, a son of Barbara and Arthur Rose of White Plains.
Chessie the manatee will apparently not be making an appearance in New Jersey this summer, Federal wildlife officials say.
Miss Rysanek has no definite plans for her retirement.
"We never asked for a handout," Mr. Dunn said.
Valujet has set the pace for the growth of such airlines, expanding to 320 flights a day since it started in October 1993.
A dash of notoriety has not dampened the appeal of the house, which is listed with Fred Sands Estates of Beverly Hills.
Throughout the morning, as he held court for local political leaders at his suite at the Stanhope Hotel on Fifth Avenue and 81st Street, several hundred people stood transfixed across the street, cordoned off behind metal fencing, anxious for a glimpse of the young and charismatic Prime Minister.
As a result the acquisition budgets of libraries throughout the country and around the world were almost completely consumed by journal subscriptions, leaving very little for books by university presses.
The board and the Chancellor will retain oversight of this process to assure the university's long-term interests.
Since uncertainty still lingered yesterday afternoon over which team the Yankees would oppose -- the Braves eliminated the Cardinals last night -- Torre admitted he ''probably'' knew the answers to the critical questions, but would not disclose them until today at the earliest.
But as many as half never showed up in court, the police said.
This is the membership: Knute Rockne, 105 victories.
Unless it's a 50-50 split, someone will eventually feel like an owner, someone else like a tenant.
We all realize how we let it get away, but I've seen a lot of guys this spring with a different attitude, one that we're coming in to take care of business this year."
A crowded SoHo elevator with the doors about to close.
Could it be that a saboteur planted a small device under a seat that was designed to penetrate the floor and the top of the fuel tank, igniting the fumes, but leaving little evidence?
'' Each of the wives talked about feeling alone, like the characters in the movie.
Serbian firefighters, most of whom have now left, have refused to help.
Ms. Guinier, a professor at the University of Pennsylvania Law School, had been a good friend of the President and his wife, Hillary.
Roy Romer signed legislation last week strengthening the insurance department's control over conversions of nonprofit companies.
Through his lawyer, Roderick MacLeish Jr., Mr. Bildman denied all of the charges.
Mr. Dole, for instance, is viewed as a favorite of pragmatists who think he is the most likely to win the nomination.
Surely Lebanon and Syria understand by now the costs of continuing to indulge Hezbollah.
They're the ones always moving the equipment around, driving the vehicles, making sure the kids have food.
She is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Richard F. Horowitz of Bloomfield, N.J.
When everyone was seated and quiet -- the golden retriever and the Bernese mountain dog, the bearded collie and the three black Labrador retrievers, the miniature French hare hound, bichon frise and springer spaniel -- Ms. Hodgson did something surprising.
As it was being developed, the site initially had a different look: a large, rambling estate that Mr. Madsen labeled "the Thompson homestead."
Parents whose children have taken part in the program are usually enthusiastic.
The only main courses for which you need utensils are the rice and the noodle dishes, and these run the gamut, too.
Some are arguing that death should be redefined to include people who have lost the higher brain functions that permit thought but retain brain stem functions that permit breathing and swallowing.
Her installation, punningly titled ''The Whitney Buy Any Ol' Painting Sale 1995,'' was another whimsical but biting comment on the art world.
Other than Martinez's diving stop to his right and perfect flip to Rogers on Fabregas's sharp grounder in the third, and Velarde's 395-foot blast to the center-field warning track that Bernie Williams corralled, the Angels did not come close to a hit before the eighth.
George Arnold, 56, president of Evans's Dallas office, becomes general manager of the combined office.
Ratings reflect the reviewer's reaction to food, ambiance and service, with price taken into consideration.
So instead of having to second-guess himself for having his quarterback run a risky option play with 58 seconds left -- leading to a fumble and one last chance for Wagner -- Horowitz got to enjoy a celebratory drenching under the Kennedy water cooler.
This Friday Mr. Cooke and his 1956 teammates will meet for an anniversary dinner in New London.
"We came here to change the system of using police to abridge citizens' rights," said one of the 165 American monitors.
''It's a national launch system which will be able to compete and win'' commercial launching business, Ms. Widnall said.
''I understand people still being apprehensive about Germany,'' said Mr. Briel, who was 16 when he first visited a concentration camp -- Dachau, a short train ride from his hometown of Munich.
But the baby began to cry, and the sect members are said to have suffocated him with the bedding.
It was the first time this idea had been seriously expressed.
"They are not turning negative for the longer haul," he said, "and believe that the current economic climate is still conducive to lower rates."
And very soon, that broad-based approach will be as obsolete as the Edsel.
''As a result, they bring special skills -- and sometimes special capacities to make problems,'' he added.
Thirty-three years ago this very day, one American told us about his dream.
"We are aware of it, and we're just trying to see what makes the most sense in a system where all these emergencies compete," Mr. Deacy said.
''She introduced me to her friends as her father -- that never happened before,'' he said.
Tulu had provided visible success for a country unfailingly associated with famine, poverty and civil war.
The co-owner of the store, Demetris Georgiou, said Ms. Barkoutsis did not work at the store full time and only a few long-time customers could recall her face.
"The troops of the FACA were right," said Fernand Gretalita, a watchman on the main boulevard.
Mr. Anderson's son Charles said his father flew until a few years ago, gladly teaching anyone who wanted to learn.
Palmeiras, a favorite in the Brazilian playoffs, was knocked out of competition by Gremio on Sunday, the third time in two years the team has been eliminated from a major tournament by its archrival.
Some of the 20 unoccupied units in 130 Morningside Drive have fallen into disrepair.
The Brewers were not happy about having to make two extra trips to Baltimore.
The hearings, which are to begin in Miami on Monday and are expected to run all week, will closely examine two segments of the aviation industry, start-up airlines like Valujet and outside maintenance contractors like Sabretech, people involved say.
Mr. Agee, a professor of art history at Hunter College in Manhattan, has become the authority on Porter and his art.
It is a sobering experience.
American choreographers like Catherine Turocy who specialize in Baroque dance have created works to his famous dance score "Les Caracteres de la Danse."
These new mix-and-match software components will allow people to arrange all their work in documents that include text, sound, graphics, video and other forms of communication.
David Buffington, editor of The Pennsylvania Report, a political newsletter in Harrisburg, said Mr. Dole represented a hard-edged Republicanism that was too conservative for this state.
The Detectives Endowment Association, the detectives union, introduced Mr. Rachlin to Detective Carbone.
His production of "Fidelio," scheduled to open on April 16, was suddenly aborted after the opera house technicians in Rome refused to handle its British-built set.
All this will, if nothing else, ease the churning in your stomach so you can get started on your taxes.
A1 GERMANY'S RELUCTANT SOLDIERS Just as Germans have begun sending some troops abroad, readiness to join the military is at its lowest, with more Germans than ever choosing civilian service.
''We do have interest in Albert Belle, but we haven't talked finances because we can't do that,'' Dombrowski said.
Greenspan and Beffa came to Atlanta with about 20 story ideas.
Drawing on files from the former East German secret police, the Stasi, that became available to them after the fall of the Berlin wall, state prosecutors accused Mr. Vogel of working in cooperation with the Stasi to profit from the release of East Germans to the West.
(Sailing in reverse direction on Dec.
"This team needs something," Theus decided.
''He cares for the kids,'' Mr. Millet added.
We must consider the response of the cow when we take its calf away at birth; we must reflect on the sorrow of the sow whose piglets are removed from it, or the suffering of AIDS-infected chimpanzees, or the terrified humiliation of circus elephants.
While other teams sympathize with a low-revenue club like the Pirates, some general managers were incredulous at the Pirates' latest trade.
Standing in a small, low-ceilinged meeting room, Mr. Dole talked about welfare.
After surprising the ruling party with an upset victory in a parliamentary election on June 30, the Democratic Union, as they call their group, has now begun to carry out a detailed plan for radical reform.
Admission: $3; $1.50 for the elderly.
But he doesn't tell you.
If the entire Russian and American nuclear weapons inventory were only a few hundred warheads on each side, at a few controlled locations, the formidable task of tracking tens of thousands of weapons across Russian territory would be made much more manageable.
RARITAN VALLEY COMMUNITY COLLEGE ''Kids for President,'' presenting young people's ideas on how to run the country.
The few expressions of criticism of the new development have focused mainly on the rapid pace of change.
He added that the summary of figures did not include tickets that were given away to Lincoln Center's staff or to people in the music industry.
Those charges, which are still pending, described his past.
''The question nobody has asked is, 'Are there jobs for these people?'
This is something really dramatic and important.''
With customers demanding lower prices and convenient access to stores, suburban shopping now accounts for a large share of retail business in Europe, especially in France.
"I have no excuses now," Torre said.
We know there are children out there who are not being protected," Mr. Noto said.
To date, Microsoft's most visible efforts in this area have been MSNBC, an interactive news service operated with NBC, and Slate, a consumer on-line magazine.
Which leads to the second point.
Ms. Bostwick of the Farmington Canal Rail to Trail Association said she understands why Plainville might hesitate to commit more of the right of way to recreation.
The shortest Beckett is "Breath," which if staged according to the playwright's instructions would clock in at 35 seconds.
In the Clinton administration, the broad-shouldered, pants-wearing women and the pear-shaped, bowling-pin men blurred distinctions between the sexes."
Whether diners want pastas, pizzas, entrees or desserts, the fresh, creative dishes of this kitchen are sure to please.
Palms are tangible yet fleetingly perishable and perhaps that's the key: Like Christ's last week of earthly life, they're green with promise and sharp-edged with the inevitability of fate.
Surely he wouldn't let the President down for the holiday season!
The teen-ager, Jaheem Grayton, had recently been released from Kings County Hospital Center, where he was being treated for psychiatric problems, his mother said.
But the moments that quicken their souls, that people like these seem to live for, come onstage when they transform themselves into Big Daddy or Tevye or Hedda Gabler or get to direct a Tennessee Williams drama or Neil Simon farce in the playhouses flourishing in the towns and villages around New York City.
My own mother raised five children successfully, yet when she came to help me with my first child, I realized she was a fountain of misinformation.
Power is being devolved by Moscow to local mayors and provincial governors because Moscow doesn't have the money to support them.
Last month, a group of 1,000 veterans announced they would take their case to court in January.
High-technology companies are also upset at provisions in the Senate bill that would cut the number of visas issued to foreigners sponsored by businesses to 90,000 a year from 140,000, and would require companies to pay at least $10,000 for each new foreign hire.
While money alone is not responsible for Mr. Forbes's rapid rise -- his supporters have said in polls and interviews that they are attracted to his message -- his spending spree has made it apparent that even in Iowa and New Hampshire, a candidate does not need to meet with voters to win their affections.
Each day was more or less the same.
That picture represented everything that is good about America: the spirit of community, the melting pot, the willingness to help strangers in need and a concept of citizenship based on allegiance to an idea not a tribe.
He said the city would also break ground in November for a 5.1-acre park on a pier.
Milton Blum, a textile executive, bought 52 in 1921, and sold it to Arnold Gelarie, a doctor and researcher who remained through 1943.
In another instance, the indictment charged that Mr. Watt denied meeting with Deborah Gore Dean, an executive assistant to Mr. Pierce, to win support for blocking Housing Department grants to his clients' competitors, despite evidence showing he had discussed the subject with her.
Are children getting help they need to cope with violent behavior?
Camby's endurance had been factor going into tonight after the episode on Jan. 14 in which he lost consciousness before the UMass game at St. Bonaventure.
When the time came, he broke their agreement and chose Glenn Close to star in the Broadway production.
The committee has also heard suggestions for a hotel and conference hall and a multimodal transportation center, among other uses.
U S West "now has more leverage, because they have more assets to negotiate with," said Paul Kagan, a leading cable industry analyst.
Once, while responding to a domestic dispute call in an apartment on 153d Street, he spotted a shoe tree in a closet stuffed with hundred-dollar bills.
Two three-week workshops led by the choreographer Phyllis Lamhut (May 20-June 7, June 10-June 28); Doug Elkins (May 30); Bebe Miller (June 20); Doug Varone (June 24); Shapiro and Smith (June 25-26), and Creach/Koester (June 27).
The problem was, Kwan's marks for technical merit were consistently higher than her marks for artistry.
Not only will the Presidential campaign leave the Fed open to being second-guessed in an intensely partisan atmosphere, but the renomination of Alan Greenspan as Fed chairman is being held up by Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa, a Democrat.
"And maybe after that," Boggs said today.
Wall Street analysts said the March numbers showed that recent trends in the auto industry were continuing: more and more people are buying trucks instead of cars, and most buyers are holding back their checks until they are offered discounts by dealers or the auto makers.
And when he did, arguments tended to cease.
His are urban dances and as much a product of the abrupt and anxious atmosphere of their time as the work of George Balanchine was of an earlier, more noble-seeming urban environment.
You are stranded in the gloom of the Queens-Midtown Tunnel, slouching toward Bridgehampton and sputtering toward a breakdown.
Wild debates over what to do raged among the protesters, with S.D.S.
But those facts did not prevail until Mr. Mathie undertook a vigorous letter-writing campaign from prison.
If they do it, they're taking a very big chance on his coming out in one piece.
Seizinger, who won three races in three days at this site last February, was second at 1:08.20, ahead of Italy's Isolde Kostner (1:08.38).
''Every year I will have to go door-to-door to ask tenants their income,'' said Mr. Bourbeau.
The music substitutes activity for invention; the technological apparatus permits less genuine creative input from the audience than advertised; and the underlying philosophy, of music generated by collective insectlike gestures, is not an uplifting one.
She was the first woman to be elected president of the Association for Psychoanalytic Medicine and the first female member and president of the New York Psychiatric Society.
The greatest potential lost opportunity in the French-American relationship, however, is the French military reintegration into NATO, which Mr. Chirac announced a year ago.
The Mayor declined to comment on a possible successor to Mr. Bratton, but said that he believes that Mr. Bratton's departure would not adversely affect the department.
After letter writers to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution suggested "Getridofit" and "Whoneedzit," the Olympic Committee settled on the name Izzy, a choice that beat out suggestions like Snerk, Gofer D. Gold and Jimmy Nastics.
A pint is $11.25; half gallon, $22.75, plus shipping.
And as soon as I started walking with him, I realized where I was.
over his right to be the No.
To that end, the Mayor has used his clout to round up contributions from businessmen, Republicans prominent among them.
December coffee fell 1.45 cents a pound, to $1.16 a pound, at the Coffee Sugar and Cocoa Exchange in New York.
BY the beginning of June, managers of small-cap mutual funds must have thought they had it made.
Scarpia, a role that straddles the divide between baritone and bass, is ideally suited to the company's versatile Mark Delavan, who gave a compelling performance.
And they dragged on and on.
As a whole, Impressionist paintings sold more solidly than they have in years, but prices tended to hover around their estimates.
The moment when the boat docked was terrifying for him.
That's what all this newfound interest in Shakespeare is really about - returning him to the people, lifting Shakespeare down from his icon status, the altar of cultural elitism."
That's one of the things I'm concerned about right now.''
"I didn't know how to handle it.
But the Pucci retrospective at the 16th-century Pitti Palace is at least a historical document and is also visually stunning.
"I said, 'Mom, do you want to take a walk?'
But the ideological lines appear to have hardened over the past two years, largely in response to efforts by House Republicans to slash the size of government -- often to the detriment of Northeastern cities -- and because of the party's increasing attention to such issues as opposition to abortion rights.
Waco is where he lowers the volume, spending three days a week training in this central Texas city where he attended Baylor University and where he has worked for 10 years with the school's track coach, Clyde Hart.
With the effects of his illnesses mounting, he stepped down last December.
A Rally for 'Atonement' One year after a huge rally of black men in Washington, thousands gathered again to hear Louis Farrakhan, this time in New York.
At the 1968 Democratic Convention, Mr. Daley's father, Mayor Richard J. Daley, tried to obscure some of the bleak surroundings of the International Amphitheater, near the rundown old stockyards neighborhood on the South Side, by erecting high fences to hide the blemishes and putting up painted facades to look like houses.
''We watched the crash and burn of the 80's.
"We're doing the best we can with the people we have.
Prices below are for the night and include breakfast.
In this innovative exhibition, young New Yorkers, ages 12 to 25, were asked to create their own imagery of heroes.
Indeed, on Thursday, the Regio Theater commemorated its premiere of "La Boheme" with a more conventional production that included Mr. Pavarotti as Rodolfo and Mirella Freni as Mimi.
Long Island Lutheran's Stephen Beckett and Vassil Evtimov, both of Brookville, were also nominated.
Mr. Black, Hollinger's strong-minded chairman and chief executive, defined the strategy in the company's 1995 annual report, writing that "carefully acquired and managed newspapers are viable and durably profitable."
As more taxes go to prop up a graying America, it will be that much harder to find money for the mammoth educational reforms and social programs needed to fight the epidemic of preventable brain damage.
Transplants, including heart, liver, lungs and kidneys, are not experimental in most cases.
Bond prices fell to drive the yield on the 30-year Treasury bond up to 6.94 percent from 6.83 percent -- the closest the benchmark measure of long-term interest rates has been to 7 percent since last August.
Sedona is naturally air-conditioned by breezes that blow down Oak Creek Canyon from the San Francisco Peaks above Flagstaff.
There are organ recitals with international soloists in the Hofkirche (Cathedral) on Schlossplatz at 4 P.M. Saturdays from July 13 through Sept. 14.
But alternative financing mechanisms are now in place to permit acquisition of the last 9,000 acres.
Mr. Deitelzweig, 29, is an institutional trader at E. M. Warburg, Pincus & Company, investment bankers in Manhattan.
''It's a great wish list, but the reality factor is next to nil,'' said Ken Biscoti, a marketing manager for Lotus Development, a subsidiary of the International Business Machines Corporation.
THOUSANDS of additional residents of Nassau County may be eligible for property tax exemptions for the first time, or for further abatements under a new law signed earlier this month by the County Executive, Thomas S. Gulotta.
In the league, only the Saints, at minus-16, are worse.
believes the long-term demand for air travel will be."
All week, the station has shamed itself.
Pearl Jam's fall tour will test whether the band can rock stadiums without turning into impersonal stadium rock; U2's next album, due in early 1997, tries to further warp the band's identity.
"This is something they could have done as soon as they re-signed Hampton," Johnson said.
A day after a dramatic ninth-inning victory in a fight-marred game, it took just two hours -- the majors' fastest game this season -- for Jim Bullinger to dismantle the Mets on a pair of Jeff Kent singles.
The authors offer 35 ''time-tested secrets for capturing the heart of Mr.
''Mine is complicated and very difficult to play,'' said Gerald Busby, the composer and pianist who will play his own and other portraits in the festival.
"It's like pigeons in the city of New York.
Pentagon figures suggest that in about 65 percent of those efforts, hackers were able to gain entry to a computer network.
A clump of tissue called the neural crest forms early in embryogenesis, Dr. Gershon said.
Because it sells products based on its own hardware and software specifications, instead of the industry standards of hardware based on Intel Corporation specifications and software based on Microsoft's, Apple's research and development costs are much higher than those of its rivals.
-- judging by their anger against both the gang and the failure of Federal and state police to have protected their town, their peace and their laws, before children could become shields.
Trevino captured the tournament the last two years.
Mr. Balaguer has hinted that a way might be found for him to stay on.
Before I ran for my high school, I ran for the Keystene Club in the 4 x 800-meter relay.
Always, he said, there had been childlike qualities to some of his music and he started to think about performing for children after his nieces and nephews were born.
Just as we were resigned to an uncertain future without toes, a truck from Big Richard's Auto Repair and Towing pulled up.
Seagram closed on Friday at $32.875 a share, so the exercise price of the option is $46.025 a share.
Wally Arnold, the kitchen manager and chef in the Old Captiva House at 'Tween Waters Inn, armed with his trusty computer and eight years of working with visiting spa groups, crafts menus for guests who want a diet vacation without the priciness of a full service spa.
Which is what Democrats say about the Republican measure.
Larry Walker, vice president and general manager of the network-product business unit, will become chief executive of "an unnamed new company," a spokeswoman said.
He was so animated that he was hit with a a technical foul.
Thrown out of the house after a power struggle with Lao Pu's disapproving mother, she takes refuge in a Buddhist monastery, shaves her head and pretends to be devout until it is discovered that she is pregnant and she is no longer welcome.
Nextwave's own financial disclosures to the Government indicate that foreign companies could acquire up to 28 percent of the company, which would exceed the current 25 percent foreign-ownership limit for holders of United States communications licenses.
Nevertheless, Miller admitted that New York's moves to free more salary-cap room caught his attention.
"I took lessons, and I studied Japanese culture and manners.
''I'm having a lot of fun,'' he added.
A spokesman for the Texas Republican Party said that it would comply with the ruling, but that it was considering an appeal.
That was a play on the German Schadenfreude, "guiltily taking pleasure in the suffering of friends," and Freudian slip, "a mistake revealing subconscious attitudes," based on teachings of Sigmund Freud, the one-man Prozac of his day.
''Renee said she was going to Wall Street -- that she was going to be the secretary to the biggest executive on Wall Street,'' Lynn Lock, an administrator at the school, recalled.
Westchester soon began to play a part in the ceremonies: in 1948, a 90-foot Norway spruce was donated by a family in Mount Kisco.
Another bill, sponsored by Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, Republican of New York, would do the same thing to foreign companies selling oil and gas equipment to Iran and Libya.
In ''Headed for the Blues,'' the Czech novelist Josef Skvorecky, like other East European writers, uses the memoir to contend not with psychology but with history.
For example, he used cotton swabs to show how the brain reorganizes itself after an arm is amputated.
Park and police vehicles drive by as bikers and skaters speed along the inside lane, expecting everyone to yield the right of way.
After Smith College and New York University Law School, she worked in private firms and a municipal union, clerked for a Civil Court judge and became active in Democratic politics.
But most people thought Clemens was being just plain greedy.
''The guys played really well in front of me,'' Brodeur said.
So Wheatley has been fined at least four times for being overweight, at $50 a pound, which doubles for each pound he is overweight.
" When candidates make vague promises, voters have enough sense to ignore them.
That bill would end some Government programs Republicans have opposed, one highly placed Republican said, carrying the message to Federal workers: "Come March 15, some of you had better make plans, because you're not coming back, even if there is an agreement.
With the legislative session drawing to a close, the spending bill agreed to overnight became surrounded by a host of other proposals whose sponsors hoped to tack them on to the one measure considered certain to pass.
You get fed up with it after a while.''
Mr. Schenkman said the center was planning for bachelor's, master's and clinical doctorate degrees.
The favorite, Sir Cat, ran seventh; George Steinbrenner's Diligence, trained by Nick Zito, ran 11th and last.
In one year, her enrollment has tripled.
Light trails paradoxes, among them this one: that light is not visible until it reveals something, but in dance, it is light that creates a sense of space out of emptiness.
THAT CAMDEN SUMMER, by LaVyrle Spencer.
He never worked with me, like one-on-one passing drills, until I was a freshman in high school.
He did not follow, however, the usual course to high Catholic church office -- early seminary training and study in Rome at the elite North American College.
"Well," Reynolds says, "I put him there."
But with the Whitewater committee preparing to release its final report on Tuesday morning challenging the integrity of a First Lady in a way that no modern Congressional committee has ever done, David E. Kendall, her lawyer, used her reply to blunt any political fallout.
The company's previous experience consists of resurrecting a handful of failing hospitals in Ohio, most of them far smaller than Coney Island.
Glass fell to the floor, rain covered the bed, and Donna Russo began to scream.
Politicians fall prey to the delusion that their side represents Good and the other side Evil.
To fill Biakabutuka's spot, the Panthers reached an agreement with Leroy Hoard, cut last week by the Ravens, for a one-year contract.
Once the cause is known, the National Transportation Safety Board will probably respond with some safety recommendations.
Adam's mother, Arlene, said she did not like Wal-Mart's policy.
Brandon scored 12 points in the third quarter, just 1 fewer than the Clippers had in the period.
Ms. Meredith should be encouraged to carry her case forward to the full extent of our judicial system -- something you discourage, recommending instead that she "pack it in."
The fascination with the system reached its acme when a pitch from the Twins' Jack Morris left his hand at 94 miles per hour and arrived at the plate at the same speed.
I thought I was going to nail this thing down and put an end to it.
A fence restricts access, but we circumvented the ban by entering on foot from the beach.
On Wednesday, the Farmers Commodities Corporation, a farmers cooperative, predicted near-record crops this fall to relieve tight supplies.
Dr. Owens Wiwa, a Nigerian physician, had nurtured the faint hope that the Royal Dutch/Shell Group would use its powerful influence with the Nigerian Government to help secure the release of his brother, Ken Saro-Wiwa, a poet, playwright and environmental activist who was in prison on trumped-up murder charges.
People all had a more or less equivalent relationship to the outdoors."
Mrs. Mulholland said the changes could increase the cost of school elections in Glen Rock from $5,000 to $15,000.
What makes dining out today a stimulating experience is the way creative chefs pick and choose what they respect in various cuisines and incorporate them into their own oeuvre, like combining a Thai peanut sauce with grilled tuna or sparking beef tenderloin with Japanese wasabi horseradish.
''I could easily make a film with her tomorrow because there is still a large reserve that one can tap.
They said the bus service would not reflect their needs fully, especially at night, and that the Castle Hill branch was overcrowded.
How can telecommunications be socially responsible?
He was like a son to me, my adopted son.
Apria Healthcare Group Inc. said yesterday that it would acquire the Vitas Healthcare Corporation of Miami for $212 million, which includes an unspecified amount of assumed debt.
He asked the teachers how many had principals with passion.
"He liked the responsibility of driving everybody and being on time," his son said.
When, I wondered, had the ball park stopped being a surrogate world and started being the real one?
She takes out her ray gun and vaporizes him.
Now residents and landowners here are complaining publicly about the way Forbes Inc. executives have run the development and handled its finances.
The 32-year-old Campbell, who last pitched in the majors two years ago, limited the Phillies to five hits in seven innings, striking out five while walking one.
A Georgia schoolteacher relates her adventures while 12* 6 traveling and at home.
Three other United States fighters -- the welterweight Fernando Vargas, the heavyweight Nate Jones and the bantamweight Zahir Raheem -- will try and advance to the quarterfinals Thursday in second-round matches.
The police said the injury occurred as Officer Giudice struggled with Anthony Richard Rivers while trying to end a fight between Mr. Rivers and his girlfriend.
Just before noon recently, about a hundred members waited for lunch on the first floor.
Aviation experts worry that there is often too much focus on the last link.
Isetan said it pressed Barney's repeatedly for more financial information, but was unsuccessful.
The second set is what he calls ramp stocks -- shares of established companies that have stumbled for one reason or another but are likely to "ramp back up."
ELAHE S. HICKS New York, Sept. 16, 1996 The writer is a consultant with Human Rights Watch-Middle East.
Eagle Pond's dense colony of filagrana worms, which live inside their own tube-shaped shells, soon can expect mussels, oysters, hardshell clams, crabs, all kinds of fish, waterfowl and mammals (like raccoons and muskrats) to move into the community.
The company, which is the nation's sixth-largest cable operator, plans to hook up 150,000 subscribers on Long Island and in Connecticut by the end of 1997.
''I'm looking for Mike Tyson.''
Northbound shoulder closed between Nassau Park Boulevard and Alexander Road until further notice.
Baseball American League BOSTON RED SOX -- Placed DH Jose Canseco on the 15-day disabled list.
In addition to programs developed with its own software, Enliven can translate any files created in the Macromedia Corporation's Director program, which is the dominant multimedia content development tool.
Voting was marred by a shooting in which three people were seriously wounded in a western Bangkok suburb.
Although transmitted on closed circuit, this trial could demonstrate the value of opening Federal criminal trials to a wider audience -- the general public, which also has a strong interest in public justice.
"The stock is statistically undervalued."
Representative Robert E. Andrews of Camden County hopes to promote his possible bid with a Taste of Chicago bash on the Navy Pier.
He graduated from Vanderbilt University and received a master's degree in communications from the University of Georgia.
It still owns about 44 percent of the stock.
But Saturday night's meet in Durham was more than a mere tuneup.
The Magellan fund rose 1.7 percent, placing it near the bottom in its category.
He is constrained not only by budgetary considerations but also the need to set himself apart from the Republicans as well as from big-government Democrats.
Maybe it would take some of the shine off her image, turn her back into a plain old heroine.
''So he wrote: 'I am retiring.
Mullah Mutaqi's declaration coincided with a sudden military setback for the Taliban in the Hindu Kush mountains, 50 miles north of Kabul.
Hydro Aluminum, a subsidiary of Norsk Hydro's metal producing companies, is conducting feasibility studies for a smelter with a capacity of 200,000 metric tons a year.
Shale is a fine-grained rock made of ancient silt and clay.
But now that the Wildcats have regained their position at the top of recruiting lists, the possibilities seem endless.
In 1992 she won the Louis Delluc Prize for directing ''Le Petit Prince a Dit'' (''The Little Prince Said'').
This is partly because there is little room for reporters on her plane, but also because her husband's advisers are running a traditional campaign, in which Elizabeth Dole, as the chief ''surrogate,'' is used everywhere he is not, especially in the smaller markets.
You argue for a more unified body of regulations.
Such offers are basically impossible to pull off if the target company's management refuses to go along, but Conrail management is an eager accomplice.
But now the marathon here is over, and just which students will have the new longest bus ride is a matter of contention: education officials in both Wyoming and New Mexico report school routes that are around 75 miles one way.
Theodore Hesburgh, president emeritus of Notre Dame, and the Rev.
He declined to discuss details of this search, but said, "The time line here is actually very good."
The scoring play formed after several passes while Referee Andy Van Hellemond was waiting to call a delayed penalty on Florida.
A candidates' debate is very similar to an automobile race.
Operators of the existing 331 stands would be allowed to stay at their present sites for five years, but would be required to pay anywhere from $2,000 to $5,000 a year, compared with the $500 licensing fee they pay now.
Whether at home or in Southeast Asia, the characters are fighting for survival.
Extra trains and buses were added last night to accommodate commuters whose routines were upset by the accident, Mr. Meyer said, and delays of a half-hour or more were reported on trains on the Bergen Line that were crowded with extra passengers.
The President, who signed measure last month, has said he wants to remove provisions barring assistance to legal immigrants who are not yet citizens and to modify some cuts in food stamps.
''The timing of this is all off,'' said Legislator George O. Guldi, a Democrat, who questioned how the panel arrived at its conclusions.
Burt Newborne, a professor at New York University Law School, said the Philadelphia case was a test of using class actions as vehicles for dealing with the spread of mass tort cases.
By law, Congress would have had to have been informed.
A visit to a class found Dr. Mitchell in sweatpants in a pretzel-like yoga position and on the floor using relaxation techniques.
"Big Bully" is rated PG (Parental guidance suggested).
Health executives say they need for-profit status in at least part of their plans so that they can sell stock or bonds to raise the cash needed to pay the high costs of health maintenance organizations that compete with other providers of care.
Its founding shareholders are REM Capital Corporation; the V. G. Khlopini Radium Institute of St. Petersburg, Russia, and the institute's parent organization, the Russian Federation's Ministry for Atomic Radiation.
"I have an approved list that will carry us into the year 2020," said James Siebels, an official of the Colorado Department of Transportation and the chairman of the committee on bridges and structures of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials.
Though most of the deal-making was done by Tuesday, he said, Ms. Robbins had been unable to get an answer from her client until yesterday morning.
He completed his undergraduate education at Punjab University and then moved to Cambridge University in England, which awarded him a doctorate in 1952.
Our destination is the two-and-a-half-year-old Four Seasons Hotel, in the heart of the "golden triangle," Milan's illustrious shopping district, with its rich offerings of art, cuisine and fashion.
''We have gats and 40's in our poetry,'' said Jessica Care Moore, a 24-year-old native of Detroit who joined the New York poetry scene in 1994, using rap slang for guns and 40-ounce containers of malt liquor.
COSI FAN TUTTE Opera in two acts by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, libretto by Lorenzo da Ponte; conductor, James Levine; production by Lesley Koenig; sets and costumes by Michael Yeargan; lighting by Duane Schuler.
And in assessing new immigrants' applications for most Federal aid, the Government will take into account their sponsors' income.
Libel law makes it harder for someone deemed a public figure to sue for libel.
Bristol-Myers acquired part of the network, which is a supplier to about 2,300 oncologists in the United States, in 1993.
Not that the 12:30 show is designed for your grandfather.
The train takes four and a half hours and costs $93 one way in first class, $75 in second class (prices at 4.9 francs to the dollar).
The rest of the production did not fare as well and was generally deemed inferior.
''We're talking about a community,'' he said, ''that has more dogs than children, so the presence of so many children is just a little frightening.''
Children's issues have passed in and out of political fashion.
Jean-Marc Loubier, marketing and communications director for Vuitton, said he did not see the Visionaire alliance as an advertisement.
The selection of Mr. Choate suggests that Mr. Perot -- who has seen his signature advocacy of deficit reduction seized by President Clinton and Bob Dole during this election -- will emphasize trade issues as he seeks to carve out political territory in an election that, so far at least, has often seemed to exclude him.
Mr. Yeltsin will still hold onto the nuclear button, the President's spokesman, Sergei Yastrzhembsky, said.
In November, he announced the $2.1 billion acquisition of Ziff-Davis Publishing, the world's leading publisher of computer magazines, known especially for PC Magazine and PC Week.
Japan's carmakers have shifted more and more production to America.
This was Buchanan country, and Buchanan himself had just roused the crowd with a defiant defense of his Houston speech.
Scale is unsettling when human characteristics are assigned to geometric buildings.
While the Bulls do not want to inspire the competition by talking sweep, they have to be thinking about it.
The island's main beach is on the ocean side, where the surf isn't rough but it's also not quite calm enough for an extended swim.
After saying he was not given the respect he deserves around the league, O'Neal said, "I'll be back in the second half and make you all respect me."
She came to her role as performer in the early 60's, a time when the art scene was jumping with off-easel events.
"We have so many pages and we've only been at it for a few years," Mr. Hatch said.
The superintendent of the county's schools, Jerry Horton, said he was disappointed by the ruling but gratified that the morning prayers would continue.
In 1948, he started a blues school in Harlem.
The girl's father and mother, Jude and Mary Reardon, were unhurt in the blast, which occurred when Jordan opened the package in the kitchen of their home after retrieving it from the mailbox along with some letters, Capt.
Never use preservatives, Mr. Georgotas says, and never, ever skimp on the ingredients.
The Mavericks, who seemed distracted by the deal, lost to Golden State, 113-108.
A ship on the Thames approaches London with an ape on board ''all hunched up with its eyes closed and a blanket around its shoulders.''
But, since Cone and the Yankees sought several opinions throughout Wednesday and yesterday, the surgery wound up being scheduled for today.
Back at the camp, a sense of security is growing greater every day.
The two children whine until the Explorer comes across a real moose grazing, then they are thrilled.
The Yugoslav Presidency proved to be ineffective and ultimately saw the feuding ethnic factions plunge the old Yugoslav federation into war.
He is survived by his wife, Molly, and three sons.
Many of the most senior people will retire.
Mr. Miller, co-chairman of the Citizen Advisory Committee for the Long Island Sound Study, said municipal officials in Nassau and Suffolk Counties had readily agreed to a policy not to increase nitrogen entering the Sound, but were worried about the costs of improving the plants.
He understood what happens when it all unravels on a golf course like Augusta National.
Owners of the Cavalier sedans have complained that the cars stall in Japan's stop-and-go traffic, G.M.
''I can't remember ever wishing life and death had a perceptible, known, overall meaning,'' he writes, and he resists the temptations of false coherence, or the summarizing impulse of the retrospective gaze.
After receiving 15 days of combat training, he was informed, he would be sent to the front lines outside the beleaguered town of Gorazde.
"You just tell the doctor, 'I don't hear that!'
In at least one instance, Judge Rothwax's pose of common-sensical outrage is a touch disingenuous.
"The embers have yet to be defined," Dr. Markowitz said.
Still, it will probably be seen by more people before its opening than after.
COAST GUARD EVENT, Beczak Environmental Education Center, 21 Alexander Street, Yonkers.
The Fuji president, Toru Hashimoto, is not leaving the bank entirely.
His father is the chairman of Arrisystems in Irvine, Calif., a holding company for computer equipment and software manufacturing companies.
"I asked Mike if there was anything we owned that interested him.
$(D7.$) Elmo on the Net?
Gibson's report last night retreated from that and said that it "had not received an appropriate offer."
"No, it's got to be above that," Ms. Samson said.
''He played golf up to the time these occurrences took place, and while in his 70's he knowingly cheated his friends and relatives of millions.''
Wednesday, Jan. 24 12:40 A.M.: Mr. Larson is seen by an emergency room physician.
MATCH POINTS In the women's doubles final yesterday, second-seeded GIGI FERNANDEZ and NATASHA ZVEREVA defended their 1995 title with a 1-6, 6-1, 6-4 comeback against top-seeded ARANTXA SANCHEZ VICARIO and JANA NOVOTNA.
Then came a momentum-breaking mistake: With about six minutes left in the game, Carol Peterka earned a two-minute suspension for returning to the court too soon after a previous penalty.
In the ensuing 12 years covered by the research, doctors' incomes rose at an annual rate of nearly 6 percent, 2.2 percent after inflation.
This year, 7 of the 15 fencers on the Olympic team train in the city.
Mr. Barry, who describes himself as a child of the civil rights movement, acknowledged in an interview that some of his priorities were misplaced: "My focus was on social services, jobs and education.
He thus executed a neat Oedipal reversal of the biblical ''in my Father's house are many mansions.''
''I don't think about the volcano, although it's exciting, new earth being formed.''
Books That Work (415) 326-4280.
In the corridor leading to the dinosaur halls, displays and dramatic photographs illustrate the field work of paleontologists that brings these fossils, and the past, to light.
He refused to elaborate except to say that Mr. Benisatto had not influenced the decision.
"We don't want to say our movies are accurate or inaccurate or that the world of movies is a false vision of society," said Robert Sklar, a professor of cinema studies at New York University.
warned that any further fall risked reigniting inflation unless governments did more to loosen their labor markets.
Then they will decide whether to try another round of artificial inseminations.
And they still don't get respect.
Bowe struggled to his feet at the count of six, but he spent the rest of the round on the ropes getting pummeled.
So many were zoomed in on him, his $15 million deal being the talk of the N.B.A.
He is also removing MMA Praxis Growth, although not because of the fund manager's decisions.
With the backing of only a third of the members in the new Parliament, Mr. Vajpayee's Government achieved power with the help of 20 other parties in the center and the left that had vowed to keep Hindu nationalists out of office, then squabbled so long over their own plans that they ran out of time.
Republicans control both houses of the State Legislature.
''I wonder if some of these chefs really know how good truffles should taste,'' he said.
Merrill Lynch & Co. Texas Water Development Board, $200 million of revenue bonds.
An agency spokeswoman in Washington, Susan Cooper, said the proposal was no longer under consideration.
But as the Commission on Judicial Conduct interprets the law, it cannot remove someone from the bench for making a mistake, or for poor judgment, unless there is an underlying pattern of judgment that betrays a prejudice, incompetence or ignorance of the law.
At the peak of the earlier storm, 20 of the city's 35 ambulances, as well as many police cars, were stuck in the snow.
We did three major studies of New York, and the research came back to tell us there was a very large hole for a mass-appeal music station," said James de Castro, the president and chief executive of the Evergreen Media Corporation of Dallas, which bought the station last year and owns 34 stations around the country.
Two weeks after a blizzard struck the New York metropolitan area, its aftereffects litter the city's curbs, sidewalks and alleys: mountainous piles of garbage bags, scores of discarded Christmas trees and scattered, soggy debris.
The state court decision clears the way for Exxon to pursue another lawsuit seeking an additional $500 million from its insurers for acting in bad faith under the Texas Insurance Code.
Where to go Windows on the Green, The Phoenician, 6000 East Camelback Road, Scottsdale, Ariz. 85251; (602) 941-8200.
"The city has to enforce the rules for everybody," he said.
The molds are stuck standing upright into the chocolate, and when the chocolate on the tray hardens, the figures are jiggled and snapped off from the tray.
West 47th Street between Fifth and Sixth Avenues was blocked off for several hours while fire and police vehicles stood in front of the building, which houses a jewelry exchange and various offices.
Just last week, on a campaign sweep through southern California, Mr. Dole went on the attack against illegal immigrants and against President Clinton for opposing moves to withhold public education from the children of illegal aliens.
And he lacked political suaveness, an ability to deliver bad news with a big smile, a flaw surprising in a man who himself had been a legislator and is the son of a legendary political power broker, David Wilentz, who prosecuted the kidnapping case of Charles Lindbergh's son.
Thus, Mr. Netanyahu could find himself in the worst of all worlds -- having given up land for a false peace.
The dollar was weaker against the yen after Japanese and United States officials expressed satisfaction with the current exchange rate, leading traders to surmise that officials of the two nations would not seek to push the dollar any higher.
Besides new chair grips, the terminals at the top and bottom of the Yan-7 structure are now made by Dopplemayr, an Austrian company with a United States office in Grand Junction, Colo.
I got the picture instantly.
Inexperienced farmers attracted by the vision of profits by planting trees, doing nothing for 7 to 10 years, then cutting and selling them were especially vulnerable.
OKLAHOMA -- Named Bettina Fletcher wom en's soccer coach.
But another witness, who described himself as a friend of the victim's, yesterday gave a different account of the clash.
In many, or perhaps most, of these cases the new owners may well remarket the properties if and when they displace the title holder as owner and perhaps rebuild building income.
When the restaurant closed yesterday, Mr. Share said that after 34 years, he was too sad to hold a farewell party.
A typical meal for two, with wine, is about $60.
''I haven't been told one way or another,'' he said.
During the interim, at least, the company will be run by Mr. Allen and two other executives in his office of the chairman -- Richard W. Miller, chief financial officer, and John D. Zeglis, senior executive vice president.
By drawing attention to the ''interesting'' character of our economy (vis-a-vis, by implication, other economies), Mr. Greenspan is hinting that the domestic economy is in danger of overheating in the near future, forcing the Fed to tighten credit.
The number is 203-562-4183 for more information.
But it is unlikely he would have done it unless he believed his chances of winning the November election were slipping out of his reach.
The job cuts, announced last month by the city's Health and Hospitals Corporation, were the first time in more than a decade that the hospitals have systematically laid off professional patient-care workers.
One day we took a break from history and made a side trip to a floating fishing village on the Tonle Sap, Cambodia's Great Lake, still swollen at the end of the rainy season.
I kept looking at it and touching it.
Aside from that play, though, Pittsburgh's offense sputtered through the first three quarters, recording only four first downs.
Marathon 1996 Series A The 19th annual festival of new one-act plays.
(AP) TENNIS Sampras in Swiss Quarterfinals Pete Sampras beat Thomas Haas, a wild-card entry, 6-4, 2-6, 6-3, yesterday to advance to the quarterfinals of the $1 million Swiss indoor tournament at Basel, Switzerland.
Ms. Barzilay, his admissions director, was stunned.
But this navigator is in its infancy and improvements are inevitable, and it has the great advantage of allowing a driver to keep his eyes on the road.
Stein Roe Mutual Funds has extended indefinitely its $100 minimum initial investment in its Young Investor fund, aimed at children and investing novices.
Yesterday, the day the school was supposed to be ready again, carpenters were still drilling, hammering and cleaning, and 100 angry parents and children -- joined by elected officials, including the Bronx Borough President, Fernando Ferrer, and the City Comptroller, Alan G. Hevesi -- showed up to express their dismay at yet another delay.
The cards and machines will be tested in Japan in July, and "if certain criteria are met," more will be installed in August, he said.
RIDGEWOOOD UNITED METHODIST CHURCH "Godspell."
The company has been battered by competitors, particularly The Home Depot Inc.
"We know we will have some fruit damage which will reduce orange juice yields" said Bob Blankenship, a spokesman for the department.
Among the more useful tools are the sites being set up by arts institutions.
Today at 2:30 P.M. Tickets: $21-$27.
Both the New York and Southampton staffs were working on the dinner.
Sung Won Sohn, chief economist at the Norwest Corporation, Minneapolis, said the Fed report indicated "that we have a wonderful combination of economic growth and little inflationary pressures."
The new acquisitions reinforce the museum's breadth in American art, and they also include the first works in the collection by 19th- and 20th-century artists who aren't from the United States: paintings and mostly small, but representative, works on paper by Toulouse-Lautrec, Bonnard, Giacometti, Andre Masson, Kirchner, Rufino Tamayo.
The company chose a privately owned pier because the work could then be done without the public hearings and approvals that would be required to refurbish city-owned property.
My mother further reminds me that when we did stop in at discount stores like Mays (as best as I can recall, the jingle went, ''At Mays each day is sale day all day long/And 20 million customers can't be wrong!'')
''I'm not chased by time anymore.
They are festooned with video monitors pulsing nature images.
In fact, one of the most important exhibitions of his works was held at the Grand Palais in Paris in 1971.
As the acting board president, Barbara Outlaw, left the building, a parent demanded her resignation, and Ms.
"I worked quickly, almost feverishly, out of the depth of my grief," he told me, "especially when I was asked to do the head of Martin Luther King, which I completed in under four hours."
The cause of the original slide was not known.
Every talk-show host should read this book.
The defect was not a mutation, or biochemical change, in the structure of a gene; nor was a gene missing.
Residents at the Starting Place in Hollywood, north of here, described marijuana highs that made them talkative or giddy for a short while, as expected, but also highs that lasted two hours or longer and made them intensely sleepy and hallucinatory.
Dr. Philippe Perez, a general practitioner in the Paris suburb of Thiais, used to think nothing of prescribing $500 worth of medicated salve a month for patients with painful herpes infection, because they would be almost completely reimbursed by the French national health insurance system.
Sometimes it looks like the face of a baby.
''This kind of work can help us try to look at the interaction of genetics and environmental exposures, and define more closely what true risk factors are,'' she said.
Mr. McIntyre, 40, a lawyer from Lumberton and longtime figure in civic groups and Democratic politics, opposes abortion and has endorsements from anti-abortion and conservative Christian organizations.
and whose carrier, Air Jamaica, operates under restrictions.
He said the remaining 38 were members of political parties, mostly from the Jordanian Arab Socialist Baath Party, which the Government blames for helping stir up the riots.
The book's thesis is that on some level we can't help equating media with real life.
One former trainee talked about homeless people used by the school to demonstrate torture.
A White House spokeswoman, Mary Ellen Gylnn, said he changed his mind after "judging the mood of the occasion."
Mr. Arace's office in Fishkill covers the region that includes eight Mid-Hudson counties and Westchester.
Put the squid rings and any tentacles in the flour mixture, and toss to coat and separate them.
In the New York metropolitan area, WINS is stronger in the five boroughs, nearby parts of New Jersey and Nassau County, where its signal is clearest, the general manager, Scott Herman, said; WCBS-AM does better in the rest of the area.
Mrs. Kubeck took her first flying lesson when she was just 15 and went on to get a college degree in aerospace science.
He loves teaching because he loves the craft of art, which, he says, must be learned patiently and respectfully or it can't be learned at all.
At once, Mrs. Zlatin hurried to Vichy to beg for the lives of the children before the collaborationist French government.
@ouncing back from subpar performances in a loss to the Knicks in Madison Square Garden on Thursday night, O'Neal had 25 points and 16 rebounds and Hardaway finished with 14 points and 13 assists.
It fell into the river."
A. I think there will be some legislation this year, cutting back on that.
These owner helped fuel the anti-rent-control movement.
"Usually, the year takes care of itself with an injury or a lack of production," he said.
''That was our best chance,'' Tellier said.
But Mr. Martinez quickly added: ''I'd hate to think innocent people are being harassed.
"My children were in the next bed, they were asleep," Mr. Morales said, referring to Julia Christine, 10, and Jesse Alexander, 9.
It's time to get it out to the public.''
As the nation's governors prepare for their second national conference on education, six years after President George Bush first called them together for that purpose, Kentucky's experience says as much about the difficulties of wholesale restructuring as it does about the payoffs.
Although she unaccountably never lived there, other family members did, most notably her nephew Police Commissioner Rhinelander Waldo, who appears in E. L. Doctorow's novel "Ragtime."
I spent a lot of time filling up my head with stuff.
Mr. Vacco, who was not present at yesterday's proceeding, has 120 days from today to decide whether to ask for Mr. Diaz's execution.
14 Notre Dame (5-2) at Boston College (4-5) The Eagles' teams that defeated Notre Dame in 1993 and 1994 were much better than this one.
Nonetheless, Cheryl Melton, president of the county employees' union, said: ''Privatization is destroying lives.
If ever a world leader seemed born to take up the cause that would define his life, it was Nelson Mandela, the South African leader whose story is chronicled in Jo Menell and Angus Gibson's admiring biographical film, ''Mandela.''
Some candidates fail to clear even that low bar.
The countries of the European Union have yet to organize, and agree on, their program for proposed monetary union.
Full sofas in fine condition cost as little as $100.
The film, which begins a one-week engagement today at the Walter Reade Theater, is a portrait of this rugged, still poor region, seen through the eyes of Zev Godinger, a Holocaust survivor in his late 60's who lives in the small town of Beregovo.
What happened along the lower reaches of the Yellow River this spring was another portent of China's developing water crisis.
Georgetown's third-place finish was a letdown.
estimates that adequate standards and means of assessment in all four areas exist in only 14 states.)
Ms. Silber disdains the frequent comparison between Amish quilts and modern painting, especially Geometric Abstraction and Minimalism.
Neither Mr. Nuccio nor Mr. Deutch would comment publicly about the case tonight.
''THE CONCEPTUAL TREND: SIX ARTISTS FROM MEXICO CITY'' Introducing six young Mexicans whose work deals with issues of sexuality and identity.
"His message of growth and opportunity and freedom is one that still has powerful resonance," said a prominent conservative who asked for anonymity.
Product reviews in various publications have been mixed.
But his greatest electoral victory, he said, was last week's surrogate's race.
study did not directly address the politically sensitive question of whether better-paying jobs were being lost to Mexico, leaving lower-wage jobs behind, as critics of the pact, like Ross Perot, had predicted.
Calling cards from Victorian-era call girls promise ''the French treatment'' at an address on Chrystie Street.
Investigators from the 19th Precinct on the Upper East Side worked overtime last night to track down the shooters, developing a plan to encircle the vehicles if they were spotted.
''It has no bearing on my life other than to laugh at it like everyone else,'' he added, referring to the nation's widespread mirth at watching this season's ultimate spinmeister fall victim to personal lusts while he devised family-values strategems.
How Ms. Hudson, who learned how to read at the Countee Cullen public library on 136th Street in Harlem, came to open Elimu is a tribute to her desire to have young children know the heritage of black people.
''I think it is a deliberate attempt to obtain information that cannot be obtained otherwise,'' Mr. Brett said.
"The way I play defense I think wears on a person.
"But it may mobilize the black electorate, and that may be sufficient to win the nomination."
But yesterday, Brown and Reeves might as well have been miles apart.
Katyusha rocket attacks from southern Lebanon into northern Israel provoked these Israeli counteractions.
Indeed, Judith Hope, chairwoman of the State Democratic Committee, said that because the State Republican Committee and the National Republican Senatorial Committee, which is headed by Senator D'Amato, had poured so much money into the race, the new Republican justices should decline to hear any cases involving Governor Pataki, the Republican Party or the Democratic Party.
The company also performed dances by such leading choreographers as Alvin Ailey, Talley Beatty, Fred Benjamin, George Faison and Dianne McIntyre.
He's back and he showed why he's the best player in the N.B.A.
It is only in the last year that he has changed his habits significantly, purchasing the house and often cooking for himself.
The new amplifier has no tone control, but a set of six ''Graphic Equalizers'' that do alarming things to the music.
But how much news is out there?
We are the same age, you know -- born in 1961 -- but this is the stadium that raised me.
The indicted official, Rao Gollapudi of Edison, is the president and sole shareholder of Softstar Computer Consultants, which employs about 16 people, said Kevin McKeon, a spokesman for the Internal Revenue Service.
International MIDAIR COLLISION IN INDIA Indian officials said a Saudi Arabian jumbo jet collided shortly after take-off with a Kazak Airlines plane approaching the New Delhi airport, apparently killing all 351 people aboard.
''But we're following our safety procedures right down the line to insure proper rest and rotation.''
The Steelers' offense finally awakened in the fourth quarter, registering eight first downs, and retained possession for nearly 12 minutes.
The concert will open with traditional drumming by guest artists, Sing Sing Rhythms of Senegal.
A major reason for the makeover is that tourism is widely viewed as the fastest way to create thousands of jobs, a matter of great importance on an island where unemployment among its 3.7 million people averages about 14 percent and where tourism contributes 6 percent of the commonwealth's $28.4 billion gross national product.
A2 CONCERN OVER BOSNIA ELECTION The Western official in charge of civilian aspects of the peace accord in Bosnia expressed ''deep disquiet'' over reports of Serbian manipulation of voter registration in the run-up to national elections.
The prime reason for delight in this specimen are its curious flowers.
AFTERMATH A Family Puts Its Life Back Together The Wright children underwent therapy for a year and the psychologist believes they have made remarkable progress, Bill Wright says.
They will start on "Good Morning America," continue during prime-time shows and end after "The Tonight Show With Jay Leno."
On other commodities markets, corn prices advanced as spot shortages popped up nationwide; lumber gained.
WEDNESDAY As part of its extensive "Family Fare" programming marking National Library Week, the Oceanside Library on Davison Avenue will be host to "An Evening of Folk Music" by Dave Sear.
The city, about 45 miles west of Austin, banned all outdoor water use this week and said residents could be fined $500 for violations.
National League ST. LOUIS CARDINALS - Placed OF Ron Gant on the 15-day disabled list.
But on a recent morning there, J. Squire Junger, the partner in charge of Arthur Andersen's real estate portfolio services group, found himself sandwiched at a table between a covey of bankers from Nomura Securities, and a flock headed by Mark Landau from Merrill Lynch & Company.
The deal would create one of the biggest savings and loans in the United States, with more than 230 branches and $31 billion in assets.
Sueno's bankruptcy represents a move by the authorities to try to clean up the billions of dollars in bad debt, but it also hints at the difficulties officials are having in trying to recover loans from Sueno.
The New York City Police Department is, at the moment, merely observing the experiment.
That is debatable, which is why the Knicks need to make a deal before the Feb. 22 deadline.
The British seem to feel this city has scored a coup, with big public companies (and American designers) like Gucci by Tom Ford, Donna Karan and Tommy Hilfiger staging runway shows during London fashion week, which began on Wednesday.
Still, he does appear to be field-testing a possible run against Governor Pataki, at the same time that he has ruled out running for Mayor of New York despite urging from city Democrats.
The experts will come up with a solution, he said, and "then we'll pilot-test it, de-bug it, optimize it."
And Publicis S.A. in Paris is acquiring controlling interests in agencies in Mexico and Brazil, as part of ambitious expansion plans that follow the end of a worldwide cooperative agreement with True North Communications.
Paul L. Tractenburg, a Rutgers University professor who helped bring the original suit through the Education Law Center in Newark, noted that the State Supreme Court ruled that New Jersey must achieve parity in all districts.
Although the herpes simplex virus has been suspected since 1972 to be a cause of this disorder, definitive evidence for its involvement has been difficult to obtain.
In his first bid for public office, Dr. Klein also has the Liberal Party line.
This happens often lately when I confront collections of famous faces.
Both lines attract younger, less affluent customers.
We had keep in mind, this is now a 13-year effort in our country, starting back going back to the Nation at Risk report in early '83, when we said our schools are in trouble.
"And searching for extraterrestrial life was a hot subject that we thought would sell," she said.
To attend a small dinner with Mr. Clinton outside the White House, those invited were usually asked for specific donations, often of $50,000 or $100,000, Democrats say.
Sheik Hassan Nasrallah, the leader of the Party of God, called on suicide bombers to enter the fight.
So the Jets are annoyed by Detmer's comments.
But a new $900,000 project, financed by the Manhattan Borough President's office, is trying to make the bustling street more appealing.
Georgette and Robert Mosbacher are now the leading contenders, having scored well over $100,000 for their Southampton home for August.
On Thursday, Carolyn Huber, a White House aide testified before Congress that she had found the copies of the long-missing billing records from the Rose law firm in early August on a table in the book room on the third floor of the White House residence.
We have increased child-support collections by 40 percent.
If the rest fails, surgery is the final option.
Three years later, convinced that the town's form of government excluded her and other blacks from public office, she sued.
''I'm extremely frustrated, particularly about all this talk about credibility or no credibility,'' General Shalikashvili said in an interview with NBC News.
He did what he had to do, simple as that.
"New York is way behind the curve," Mr. Mead said.
THE FIRST WIVES CLUB Directed by Hugh Wilson; written by Robert Harling, based on the novel by Olivia Goldsmith; director of photography, Donald Thorin; edited by John Bloom; music by Marc Shaiman; production designer, Peter Larkin; produced by Scott Rudin; released by Paramount Pictures.
He elected to go to the Suez via Israel.
The back of the stage will lie within feet of the Hudson River shoreline.
The terrace normally opens at 5 P.M. except on Sunday, when it opens at noon, and it is available only when there are no private parties.
"They can't believe it -- 'The beast is coming.'
But the agreement does not mean that Mr. Mitnick, 32, is off the hook.
Mr. Terfel's ''Erlkonig'' was a quasi-drama.
She must have been lonely.
The projects may be limited to those that are easiest to sell to the voters, but they are still important.
Saute onion until it begins to soften.
In November, the company blamed Hartford for a $7.5 million loss it reported for the 1994-95 fiscal year.
"We learned how to respond after losing to the Rangers two years ago, and I think we can learn from this," the captain, Scott Stevens, said of the team becoming the first in 26 years to miss the playoffs a season after winning the Stanley Cup.
He wants to spread the Golden Rule lessons of Islam, his religion, and of the Olympic movement.
Now we deal with people who were with big companies that downsized.
Mr. Bogsted said that by Election Day, the coalition had distributed 175,000 guides to 150 churches.
We caught it right and popped.
The bonds are callable in six months and priced at par to yield 6.29 percent.
Ergo Sciences Corp., Charlestown, Mass., 2.5 million shares.
Applications from blacks were routinely thrown in the garbage.
At the end of "Ashes to Ashes," his mammoth history of the American tobacco industry, Richard Kluger writes of his sources that his most difficult task was "to try to suspend moral judgment as long as possible in sifting through this immense and untidy collection of materials in order to craft a coherent social narrative about an industry that was, after all, a thriving enterprise well before a conclusive scientific consensus on the hazards of its products was achieved."
The combination of the snow-white fish, the crunchy nuts and the beautifully dressed greens piled on top make this one of Mr. Cetrulo's most enduring entrees.
The Seahawks converted four turnovers by Minnesota (5-5) into 29 points.
Paul Tishman, a member of the long established New York construction and real estate family whose independent development company did major projects in the New York area, died at his home in Manhattan on Monday.
''I'm not losing any sleep,'' he said, dismissing the early rush of reviews.
Also turning heads was the New York cut prime rib ($19.95), a hefty slab of velvety meat that overlapped the plate.
Through the years, Ms. Nunez has felt indebted to her landlord, who first rented the room just to her.
The United States Army also maintains a battery of Patriot surface-to-air missiles there.
Turkey's Foreign Minister, Tansu Ciller, flew to northern Cyprus today and called for peace on the divided island, but warned that Turkey would ''break'' the hands of those who tried to remove its flag.
Off Route 22 in Bridgewater in Somerset County, Hovnanian is building Stratton Meadows, a 487-unit development, including 97 Mount Laurel units.
Only two weeks ago, the Devils were in the midst of a 7-0-3 run, but they had lost three straight, including Friday night against Chicago.
"It's really confusing to my son," said Michelle McCune, whose 16-year-old son, Alfred, is in the 10th grade.
Even Mr. Berger noted, "I'm not doing it to make money, but I don't feel I'm being imprudent to be buying at this point."
No reason was given for their departures.
She is Jan Jones, not Kam.
''If you look at places where the center hasn't really held, the point of difference is the lack of a civil society, and that takes a long time to come up,'' said Leonard R. Sussman of Freedom House.
Bob Brennan, the Atlanta press chief, said 6.2 million sales in was originally projected, then that figure was revised upward.
About 180 children from Essex, Hudson and Passaic Counties attend the school, and every district but Jersey City pays $18,500 per pupil, he said.
''None of these are available at the moment.''
The ceremony did not go back to the biggest event in the history of the South.
It got some guys going."
Rudolph used to play defensive end so he is not too far from home, and Jones normally plays on the right side behind CHAD BRATZKE.
His old show was banned after he supported the 1993 parliamentary insurrection against Mr. Yeltsin.
Wide was also the United States indoor champion in the two-mile event in 1929.
IN STEP Dance in several of its forms is prominent on this week's cultural calendar.
"I mean, Puff Daddy, Muff Daddy, whatever.
John Cirillo, senior vice-president of communications for the Garden, said that two dates under consideration are Monday, Sept. 2, which is Labor Day, and Tuesday, Sept. 3.
When Lorraine Ashton, who discovered the Internet only a few months ago, called her local phone company to get I.S.D.N.
After months of uncertainty, Foschi finally made it to the Olympic swimming trials in Indiana last week after weeks of legal turmoil over an anabolic steroid found in her system last August.
It remains on view in Piermont through next Sunday.
Having bought at $32.875, Mr. Porter was happy to sell at $37.875 in July.
Miss Lorengar was born Pilar Lorenza Garcia -- Lorengar is a combination of her middle and last names -- in Saragossa, Spain, on Jan. 16, 1928.
So I also felt it was great that it had come to an end."
And Wall Street's tumble Friday provided the catalyst.
''The game isn't over until the last man is out,'' he said.
Mr. Straub served as President, a largely ceremonial role, in 1988 and 1989, when he was replaced by Matyas Szueroes, who declared the end of Communist rule in October 1989.
During their Prague years, the Chapmans depended on other American Communists in exile -- some domiciled in Prague, others passing through -- for their connection to home.
The bride graduated from Washington University in St. Louis and received a master's degree in journalism from Columbia University.
Mr. Chirac conceded the leading role to the United States, but asserted that France had helped the Americans achieve peace.
President Clinton sent a letter of support, saying Mr. Kuchma's pledge to shut the plant by 2000 was "a goal of the highest order."
9 Notre Dame meets Texas at Austin.
At the loft-like offices of News Corp. Internet in Chelsea yesterday, employees were updating their resumes and trading the latest rumors about how deeply the layoffs were going to cut.
Chicago's head coach, Phil Jackson, played for the Knicks during the 60's and 70's.
Americans are perfectly capable of saying that they respect Bob Dole as a person more than Bill Clinton and still voting for Clinton, if Dole has no better agenda."
The Atlantic sturgeon, a giant fish long prized as a source of delicate smoked flesh and caviar, is rapidly dwindling in the Hudson River, its last refuge.
They were, granted, immoderately foolish concoctions (James Agee called "Mission to Moscow," which offered a benign account even of the notorious Moscow purge trials of the 1930's, "a great, glad $2 million bowl of canned borscht"), but there was nothing particularly subversive about that sort of Soviet-American Friendship Society propaganda while battles raged on the Eastern front.
How do we define it here?
Mr. Belotto was from Long Island.
But some of the former Peet workers in this village of 2,600, many of Eastern European descent, are finding little to celebrate, having taken other jobs, often for less money and worse benefits.
But his address focused on illegal immigration, the centerpiece of the proposed legislation.
"Such practices raise questions about conflicts of interest and favoritism and whether the system is receiving the most favorable prices."
''Annie'' brings back make-believe and it brings back musicals.
But as good as it was, Paolo's transports the tiny roadside restaurant to new heights.
He is synonymous with the Denver Broncos.
Texaco employees serve as student mentors, Ms. Weinberg said.
After serving as dean of graduate studies at Princeton from 1965 to 1969, Dr. Pittendrigh joined the faculty of Stanford, where he helped to establish an undergraduate major in human biology.
He flew Hillary Clinton on her trip to Bosnia and Turkey last month.
Urocortin proved 30 times more effective than C.R.F.
Issues surrounding the conservation of Native American collections will be discussed by museum curators and officials and scholars.
One of the first of these was Mercury Finance, which pioneered the practice of buying loans from dealers and assuming all risk of default -- in return for a fee of 5 to 10 percent of the purchase price.
For instance, when Prince Rainier III of Monaco married Grace Kelly, she was merely Hollywood royalty, ''The Country Girl'' from Philadelphia, just your average, breathtakingly beautiful Academy Award winner.
The Chancellor had supposedly been speaking ''on background,'' or off the record.
But the Whitewater accusation machine grinds on.
He described Mr. Clinton as charting his successful re-election course in considerable measure by joining in a conservative-driven ''sea change'' in policies.
In filings with the S.E.C., Century said the commission staff had recommended enforcement action against it, though the problems ''are with prior management.''
''We are trying to put as many people in the tent as possible,'' said James W. Smith Jr., assistant commissioner for the State Department of Human Services.
"We feel they can co-exist," he said.
After breaking his bat on the first pitch, the three-time Cy Young Award winner singled through pitcher Norm Charlton's legs.
That made Washington one of the first cities to be the host of a Race for the Cure, and from there the numbers grew.
Like the 49ers, the Steelers had a 10-4 record, but the biggest complaint of their fans was that Pittsburgh was not winning by enough points.
This year the visitors include Carroll Dunham, Nan Goldin, Gary Hill, Anish Kapoor and Trinh T. Minh-ha.
THE DEBT TO PLEASURE, by John Lanchester.
"And never ever have I been as nervous as I was this morning."
Independent polls taken this week for news organizations showed the race neck and neck, just as it has been all year.
''My timetable here was not to win a championship in my second year,'' Collins said.
The girls' heads had been shaved, they had been taken to a checkpoint outside the village and they had been repeatedly raped.
Chris Oeding of Newport Beach, Calif., scored three goals for the United States (5-3).
When used in that context, Mr. Galowitz said, the rights that can be transferred, and under what circumstances and how that can be accomplished, are defined by the zoning code.
DR. JOSEPH SALVATORE, the chairman of the State Historical Commission, felt a little awkward the other morning.
In 1927 the co-op had the architect Gerald Daub design a projecting iron marquee, which gave the building entrance a hotel-like ambiance.
My plan is to come up with enough tools to attract manufacturers to this site without having to offer them real-property-tax abatements."
In addition, he said, the swimming pool where he gave diving lessons was destroyed.
At 15, she is limited to the events she can play because of an age rule put into place on Jan. 1, 1995.
Mr. Pagan contended that race was a motive for suspecting Ms. Bayless.
Forty-three of them had advanced disease at the time of diagnosis.
"In terms of their needs, it's everything from the smallest stuff -- like having enough soap and water -- to the bigger and more expensive items, like ultrasound machines, anesthesia machines, dental equipment and CAT scans," said Gail Moroso, a group member and nurse who coordinates a perinatal H.I.V.
It wants to replace bilateral consultations with multilateral ones, bringing in Europe and perhaps some other chip-producing countries.
Mr. Jennings told Mr. Brinkley that his colleagues wanted to ''digress'' to talk about Mr. Brinkley's contributions to ABC News.
"At 10 A.M. everyday, the patients got enemas.
The Bradleys are a fearsomely compelling lot, but this tale is really about Harrison Burns (Patrick Dempsey), who, as a poor scholarship student at a wealthy prep school, meets Constant and has his life changed forever.
Democrats eat arugula and drink chardonnay.
Short of war the U.S. cannot destroy the dictatorship; the Chinese people will do that.
Pope John Paul II said in a letter released today that the Roman Catholic Church could not be held responsible for the misdeeds of individual members during the genocide in Rwanda two years ago.
And so tax inspectors are seizing merchandise and selling it themselves.
The old mirror trick works here; reflections within reflections deconstruct the galley look of this dining room.
15 NEARING 73, DOLE IS HEALTHY Bob Dole, the likely Republican Presidential nominee who celebrates his 73d birthday on Monday, is in excellent health, Mr. Dole and two of his doctors said in extensive interviews about his health.
The answer is a resounding yes.
Anti-abortion demonstrators hope to darken President Clinton's inaugural celebrations Jan. 18-20 with grisly abortion photos and a mock cemetery.
''The Giuliani administration is committed to ridding the city of drug traffickers and bring fugitives to justice.
The baseball cards with his glossy picture arrived through the mail cut in half, little pieces of Cecil Fielder.
Mr. Kerry, who first won national attention as one of the organizers of the Vietnam Veterans Against the War in 1971 and has been a Senator for 12 years, cast Mr. Weld as ''an ideological soul mate of Newt Gingrich,'' and portrayed himself as the champion of the working man, as well as children and the elderly.
Pettitte was phenomenal on a night when Cecil Fielder's run-scoring double in the fourth inning after Marquis Grissom's two-base error and Paul O'Neill's wondrous catch for the final out were the differences between Pettitte and John Smoltz, the two pitchers who are favored to win the Cy Young Awards in their leagues.
But a new study of those negotiations by Mr. Naim of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, in collaboration with Patrick Glynn of the American Enterprise Institute and Stephen J. Kobrin of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, says many European countries remain only reluctant supporters of the American initiative.
When Selig was asked if he would call for another vote among the owners, he said: ''I really haven't thought about any of that.
To hear those voices and watch those wise older bodies was to find one's own way to the heart of the dance.
In a moment that seemed to sum up the trip's frustrations, Captain Duke gathered in a small hotel room with three fellow New Yorkers and three Chinese public security officers to discuss the agenda for the trip's final day, and learned that his request to meet a local police commander was being turned down.
A decade ago, Mr. Livingstone was a gofer carrying garment bags for big-time politicians.
Echoing Mr. Damjanovic, he also called Mr. Herak a "psychopath" who could not be trusted in any civilized population.
Mr. Dole stopped and smiled.
''He knows he can speak in English and people could understand him.''
Two new prime-time sitcoms, ABC's "Buddies" (Wednesdays at 9:30 P.M.) and "The Show" on Fox (Sundays at 8:30 P.M.) do make gestures in the direction of racial integration.
He said last year that he had been trying "to do everything possible to keep me from reoffending, but everyone seems to be dead set against that."
"Sometimes when we fall behind we get a little lax, and that's when we need to get fired up," Harnish said.
Ms. Rand, a whiz at computers who prefers acting, said that when she was attending Westlake High School in Thornwood, she and her friends did not know about arts events because they did not search through newspapers.
She told of severe pain from a spinal cord condition that had left her paralyzed for three years.
Polls still say Mrs. Coleman and her group are out of step with the rest of the country.
''There were always books around the house, and when my father traveled to the States, he used to bring me back books,'' Mr. McCann said.
It is impossible to feel someone as a force of nature if his words cannot be heard.
One remedy for where squirrels have created a big problem digging up bulbs, especially tulips, is to shake red pepper flakes on top of the ground immediately after planting.
"I work with a range of players in the organization on performance enhancement.
All three musicians closed the concert together with Bartok's popular ''Contrasts,'' a performance more intent on capturing the music's slinky, insinuating aspects than on riding its raucous wildness.
But the Yadana natural gas pipeline project between Myanmar and Thailand is doing just that.
He returned, he said, to see the shirtless man reach into a blue Camaro and take out the tempered-steel club.
Mr. Coffey said that the criminal group that Detective Zahrey belonged to was a ''loosely knit group of individuals who were friends since their youth.''
If it happens to be dusk, the yellow lights within gleam, making the manor look both cozy and grand, inviting but also somewhat intimidating, much as it might have appeared to a late arrival during a ball given by the Duke of Buckingham, the Earl of Orkney, the Prince of Wales or any of the other nobles who called it home at various times over the past three centuries.
On Oct. 1, CBS must tell cable operators whether it will have a channel to add to their systems as part of the broadcast-cable retransmission rights agreement.
"His mother was the marmalade queen, named Sara, actually.
Because proceeds come from the raffle and from artists' entry fees, admission is free, although a $2 donation is suggested.
Some of them go away saying, 'Well, we're going to say it's attributed to Twain.'
But Noel was being raised in New York, not Guyana, and Noel found that his mother's rigid rules caused him great stress.
"I been thinking," he says in his sleepy drawl.
They have arranged for some refugees to return home for 24-hour visits.
For the police, however, the dispute is puzzling.
It said it would adhere to an S.E.C.
As they cut firewood and began to pitch makeshift tents for a temporary camp, many refugees said the Zairian Tutsi rebels had been well-disciplined and fair to them, giving them safe passage to the border and even providing food to some.
In a rare sight in the Tour de France, Miguel Indurain cracked today on the final climb in the first day in the Alps and struggled in so far behind many of his rivals that his chances for a sixth successive victory in the great bicycle race are seriously compromised.
Christine Todd Whitman, whose name has appeared on numerous short lists as a possible running mate for Senator Bob Dole, said today that she was definitely not interested in the Vice-Presidential nomination.
While Mr. Safir repeatedly complimented Mr. Bratton's work as Commissioner, he suggested that he would be able to avoid the tensions with Mr. Giuliani that eventually forced his resignation.
The mysterious death of a young man in 7 4 113 Savannah, Ga. (+) I LIVED TO TELL IT ALL, by George Jones with Tom Carter.
His father, John Schorsch, a retired scrap metal dealer, collected American furniture; his mother, Marjorie Schorsch, bought folk-art paintings of children.
Ways to improve one's life physically and mentally.
''He's the owner,'' he would say.
The advertisements, prepared by the Campaign agency of Roswell, an Atlanta suburb, will run full- or half-page in a number of daily newspapers.
The death of the inmate, Joseph Harris, a 40-year-old former postal clerk, prompted New Jersey's Supreme Court today to postpone a hearing it had scheduled for Wednesday on the constitutionality of the state's death sentence.
"Another mathematician, a very competent man, had worked with me on that problem, and we got nowhere on it," he recalled.
The producers of ''Dateline NBC'' call Karen Pomer the heroine of an hourlong special report tomorrow night, but she is accusing the program of misrepresenting facts and exaggerating the racial aspects of a rape she endured a year ago.
I've had fast meals when I was in a hurry, slow ones when I was not.
The veal chop covered with sauteed mushrooms and the chicken rollatine given the same treatment did not disappoint either.
How the body heals itself.
''Who knows what happens after that?''
That in turn suggests that the company has continued to move too slowly to reduce its expenses, he said.
Most baseball historians already give Hoboken credit as the host of a seminal game between Alexander J. Cartwright's Knickerbockers and the New York Club.
Drew Bledsoe has the worst pass completion percentage (47.6%) among A.F.C.
And in the last game of the season, they laid to rest a couple of old stereotypes.
But it didn't take much prompting for Campbell to say, "You can pick on Luc all you want."
Mr. Genoud was a friend of the terrorist known as Carlos the Jackal and helped finance his defense after his 1994 arrest.
The dancers plunged typically with dramatic flourish into the New York premiere of ''In the Course of Sleeping,'' by the Canadian choreographer John Alleyne.
"It was a riot," she said.
The Italian designer will stage a still-life presentation of her men's line, which changed its name from Blusport to Blumarine Uomo.
''JOSEPH CONRAD'S 'SECRET AGENT' '' Bob Hoskins and Patricia Arquette star in a Victorian drama based on the Joseph Conrad novel.
The accord last week temporarily ended an impasse between Republicans and Democrats about whether to entice or try to compel the insurers to sell insurance in coastal areas.
Fighting Video Piracy ''We had a monumental bust,'' said Jack Valenti, the president of the Motion Picture Association of America.
Mr. Rehberg, 40, seeks to make money an issue in another way, talking about the Federal budget.
"You just have to play your own game," Faldo said.
The Patients Hope May Be All That Is Offered Patients waiting in Dr. Burzynski's office say that they know he is controversial but that they do not care.
Was it a matter of Nebraska being physically stronger than Florida?
''But I knew it was wrong.
With two seconds left, Iverson stood at the foul line, the 76ers down by 2 points.
He said the Government's aim was to find a solution that did not breach the human rights of either the hostages or the rebels.
His mother, he tells her, is dying of cancer, and he needs her moral support.
On Aug. 16, Mr. Avena went to the M.T.A.
He was 87 and lived in Manhattan.
Many firefighters were being demobilized and, if not assigned to another fire, returning to their home units, where they will be ready to go to new fires if needed, said Carol Connolly, a spokeswoman for the interagency fire center.
In fact he had, but because so many male passengers did not he spent the balance of his life in social exile.
The moment was as defining for the objectors as it was for military planners and politicians.
A theme of Kentucky's season has been the sublimation of young egos in what once seemed an overcrowded collection of high school stars.
The three-day-old strike, set off by labor laws passed this week, is supported by as many as several hundred thousand workers at hundreds of locations around the country.
State law-enforcement officials have repeatedly said that, without a notification rule, the state has no role after any sex offender like Mr. Timmendequas completes a sentence.
New York could have used some of the same energy against the Clippers.
Skimming quickly through a host of economic points and issues, Mr. Kemp said that a rapid expansion of the economy could be achieved without inflation, that he fully supported the North American Free Trade Agreement, and that the pact should be expanded to include all of South America.
The soaking tub creates a restful transition from busy days to more tranquil evenings.
One beauteous young violinist displays herself sawing away while wearing a wet T-shirt.
Every mathematician has an Erdos number.
Villanova 88, Pittsburgh 55 Kerry Kittles scored 31 points yesterday and No.
BAM MORRIS, the leading rusher of the Super Bowl and a Texas high school and college football star, was fined $7,000 for possessing marijuana yesterday but avoided jail time.
And though she is known to feed on infants, it is Josie who has killed her 10-day-old child before the play starts.
Because an ancient landslide had sealed off the natural entrance, the cave was found undisturbed and is considered a precious time capsule full of bones and footprints of people and animals that will be reserved for researchers.
Ernst, who was inducted into the Providence College Hall of Fame in 1977, is perhaps best remembered for his performance in the 1961 National Invitation Tournament at Madison Square Garden.
"Kachina Dolls," from 1900 to 1930.
"I can't imagine not working," Mr. Tobey said.
GROWING up in South Carolina, I had driven across the Waccamaw and Pee Dee Rivers where they converge near Georgetown dozens of times.
Even the bundled-up woman who passes me walking through the sand is only a shadow at the edge of my vision, and February 14 is just like any other day.
's chief executive and president, were a sign of how strongly many American business executives feel about the need for access to the Chinese market.
Moreover, in paying for tax cuts in part through changes to the state's pension system and capping aid to municipalities, the Governor has drawn criticism for potentially pushing more financial burden onto future generations and local governments.
Now the 6-foot-1-inch senior guard is averaging 32 points a game, while shooting 80 percent from the floor and 65 percent from the 3-point line.
Once their time limits are up, most recipients will lose all benefits and be on their own.
"I'm just having fun and playing.
(An introduction appears on page C1.)
A spokesman for American General, John E. Pluhowski, did not say whether the company intended to retain all of Home Beneficial's 1,000 agents.
Knowing he would have their support, Gingrich stood up at a news conference and announced that he would put together a seven-year plan anyway.
A test group of some 300 stores, equaling about 40 percent of the two divisions' sales, was selected for Mr. DiNicola's "focus store" program.
The new Archbishop will be installed on Sept. 21, in a ceremony at the Greek Orthodox Cathedral of the Holy Spirit in New York.
Rutgers and Fairleigh Dickinson Universities both have new five-year programs that allow students to get more practice teaching and work toward a master's degree.
Italian white wines fulfill the basic functions of white wine -- to be fresh and lively and to enhance light meals -- with marked consistency and at heart-warmingly low prices.
If so, his life has become one of not-so-quiet desperation, interrupted by numerous crises.
He was an unlikely candidate for suicide.
At one lunch recess he stood alone in the parking lot by his pickup, spooning cold oatmeal from a saucepan.
Meanwhile, women should respect and honor such women as Alice Paul, who led the struggle for suffrage and equal rights for women.
"He was a frustrated artist, but he still had that old New York flavor, and he thought he was an original," Mr. Henderson said.
In any case, squabbling like this seems silly given the magnitude of the problem.
I truly and immensely admire this novel, but I am not sure I like it.
C18 Inspired by Emily Dickinson.
Jan. 9 and 23 -- Fourteen-night voyages from Singapore to Hong Kong, calling at Ko Samui, Bangkok, Ho Chi Minh City, Brunei, Kota Kinabalu, Manila and Canton.
From January 1995 through Friday, the net effect of these additions and subtractions was to lower the supply of stocks by $235 billion, according to the Securities Data Company.
''The canals of Mars are probably due to the eye's penchant for order,'' he said in a 1971 conference on extra-terrestrial life.
Mr. Washington, who is also the Deputy Mayor for Planning and Community Relations, did not return phone calls last week.
He took one look at this facility and, for the first time, began to have serious doubts about his career move.
Only 245 of the 1,800 workers on the plant's second shift returned to work this afternoon, keeping the plant here shut down.
In spite of a 35-6 loss to Robert Morris on Saturday, C. W. Post (6-3) was chosen to play in the ECAC Division II bowl game for the third time in the past four seasons.
During a recent conversation, Mr. Alden said his book changes for the Waterbury production involved ''more than tinkering; it's rather like turning it all upside down and inside out.''
He said that there was initial uncertainty about what kind of role his companion, Will Leckie, would play in congregation life.
It took 13 minutes to read the names of those who had been killed or injured by drunken drivers.
It's one that I understand and certainly will carry out.
A year ago, 30-year loans averaged 8.94 percent, 15-year loans 8.59 percent and adjustable loans 6.75 percent.
to Fri., 9 A.M. to 6 P.M.; (212) 888-3433.
I mean, everybody has forgotten the fact that the Republicans were not going to permit this to become law.
To the Editor: There is widespread enthusiasm for the $1.75 billion Clean Water/ Clean Air Bond Act, which will be on the ballot next month (news article, Oct. 22; editorial, Oct. 24).
"These patients may not remember a lot of things that we take for granted that are basically reflexive," Dr. Francisco said.
All these restaurants take credit cards.
Have you ever engaged in homosexual acts off the ship?
Whenever I feel the need to really howl, I reread her New York magazine article ''Checks and Balances at the Sign of the Dove,'' in which she eviscerates her prey as blithely as M. F. K. Fisher peeling a peach.
The Senate measure, like the House bill, would impose a five-year lifetime limit on cash assistance payments to any family, and states would be allowed to set stricter time limits.
$(D2.$) Slow Progress in Chip Talks American and Japanese trade officials made slow progress in negotiations aimed at striking a deal on semiconductor trade, but a final agreement eluded them.
Now similar listeners are tuned not to the patter of Morse code but to what computers make of the high-pitched screams of multiple modems making contact over the Internet.
Diplomats said the renewed fighting and the intense international pressure persuaded Ghanaian officials to recall the ship and allow its passengers to debark.
To take one small, beautiful and touching example, there is a moment where, among various fragments and figments from ''The Tempest,'' a monstrously costumed actor (who might be Caliban; nothing in this opera is quite definite) is being calmed in his confusion by a mute boy (possibly Ariel).
In another group, a girl said, ''If we don't accept him, then we're just making more hate.''
Loyalty and team play are not necessarily unethical or unwise, said Michael Josephson, president of a research center on ethics in California, who advises politicians, Government officials and business executives.
Ask any feminist in the United States, where a woman President remains unlikely until the middle of the next century.
There was little incentive to sell in the face of firm bonds, a continued focus in high techs and mergers," said Marty Kearney, a trader at PTI Securities.
Nevertheless, Mrs. Jammet said she would welcome applications from women.
The sale followed a surge of almost 1.5 percentage points in 10-year Treasury yields this year, a rise that made some corporate treasurers reluctant borrowers.
Scott Young made it 3-2 at 10:48 just two seconds after the United States had killed off a Team Canada power play.
I think you can have too many messages.
To the Editor: Your front-page series focusing on problems immigrants find in New York, with poor housing, inadequate English and little future, recalls a similar challenge I had as a boy.
The Grimm brothers also changed the ending of the story to teach a patriarchal moral about learning from one's mistakes.
(A lifetime .305 hitter at the start of the season, Baerga was batting .267 with 10 home runs and 55 runs batted in.)
The differences are over what may seem like a technicality but is of immense importance to factions in the Republican Party -- over, specifically, where in the party's platform the tolerance language should appear.
Her cases involved federally subsidized and city-owned housing and tenant cooperatives.
When the Government finally began releasing the papers, Mr. Hiss used them as grounds for one more petition to the court, claiming prosecutorial misconduct.
As for the matter of increasingly violent television shows and video games, Mr. Rushkoff says simply: "If anything, the repression of fictional violence and the confusion of adults over the differences between ritualized play and bloody murder are what lead to the actual violence committed by kids and the adults those kids become."
He has clearly made progress.
He was inducted into the Art Directors Hall of Fame of the New York Art Director's Club and received medals from the American Institute of Graphic Arts and the Type Directors Club.
Mr. Plovan's inattention to finance is understandable because his income has never left much to invest.
GARTH EVANS Korn Gallery, Drew University, Madison Sculptures and watercolors.
For locations and times, call (212) 354-1293.
Among the big Wall Street firms, only Merrill Lynch & Company devoted that much to Congressional races.
Prosecutor Defies Pataki The Bronx District Attorney said he had not ruled out the death penalty in a police officer's killing, but he would not be pressured by Gov.
The interest in immediate rate relief appears to modify a policy aimed at paying off Shoreham-related debt to keep future rates stable.
Mitsubishi is also contending with the financial woes of its American operations.
Schott is still not permitted in the Reds' executive offices.
A1 A DOUBLE-JEOPARDY RULING The Supreme Court ruled that the Government could both prosecute someone for a crime and seize the person's property without violating the ban on double jeopardy.
The Pentagon originally identified more than 150 educational institutions that barred military recruiters, many having acted because they have anti-discrimination rules that deny access to prospective employers who reject applicants based on criteria like race, sex or sexual orientation.
The sister of Ms. Jones, Julia Johnson Davis, said her son, Randall Johnson -- no relation to the suspect -- had also been arrested while he was trying to help his aunt.
Besides providing access to brand-name funds, the program has the advantage of aligning brokers' interests with those of clients.
Others suggest that the young might think they are stodgy, a belief they counter by noting that several of ''the boys'' are voting for President Clinton because they don't like Bob Dole's tax cut idea or his stance on abortion.
There was a Christmas around 10 years ago when we were down to two dogs and four cats.
Teleport Communications Group agreed yesterday to buy the Eastern Telelogic Corporation, a local exchange carrier in Philadelphia, for $233 million.
would have led to Gurevich's advantage after 25 Nd6 Re1 26 Be1 Qg5 27 Nb7.
For years, they had subscription seats to the ballet with two friends in Row G, said Mrs. Milberg, who lives with her husband in Rye, N.Y. Then they let their subscription lapse and lost the seats, winding up 10 rows back.
The proposal would allow the casino to reduce its debt and continue operating, officials said.
But don't expect ''Rent'' to follow suit.
Johnson said he would probably re-sign with the Broncos, but if he did not, he hoped to join the Giants.
The "inner sanctum," enclosed in plexiglass, displayed an 800-year-old seated Amida, the "Lord of the Western Paradise," and various implements and adornments.
Very nearly a third of the voters split their ballots.
This leaves stereotypes on the other side of the coin intact: Svelte is for the young, and even youthful anorexia is good, since it may be costumed in what is unquestioned as the ''standard'' feminine, sexy look.
Mr. Petersen's obsession began ordinarily enough.
"We want this thing to work.
Assets are considered as of the day you complete the form, and your income is based on the year in which you apply.
They work less and they play less, the study found.
While the new company will continue to build malls in the United States, Mr. Munk said it would increasingly focus on the emerging markets.
Two piano programs follow at 3: Mark Anderson playing Liszt and Brahms for Performers of Connecticut at a private home in West Redding (203-227-8998), while Watson Morrison showcases works of Mozart, Chopin and Debussy in a faculty concert at Lincoln Theater, Hartt School School of Music, West Hartford (860-768-4228).
The Supreme Court has accepted new voting-rights cases for its next term, indicating that the debate will continue.
''The Finns are a very unusual genetic isolate that have been separated from the rest of the population for a long time, since 1400 or thereabouts,'' Dr. Hamer said.
In Queens, people said the city may have plowed many streets, but that it often hadn't sanded or salted them.
"It makes clear the President's commitment, and it endorses his programs," Ms. Fleming said by telephone from Vancouver, where she is attending the 11th international AIDS conference.
Mayor Rudolph Giuliani is thus right to try to stop the activities of a new company that suddenly began taking gamblers from Sheepshead Bay in Brooklyn last week so they could play blackjack and use slot machines offshore.
"We are also a party that wants to lead.
"The most healthy thing about this vote today," said the newspaper editor, "was that it happened.
How long have they guarded the entrance?
Now those 11 and their new teammates must suffer being compared to what happened two years ago.
It was Philip Barry's ''Holi day,'' not his ''Philadelphia Story.''
The second two were spent evaluating players in the exhibition games.
But he cautioned that experience with President Saddam Hussein of Iraq had taught diplomats to be guarded.
''But change is taking place and it's happening quickly,'' Mr. Enan, chief executive of the Insweb Corporation in San Mateo, Calif., said.
Even his last move, 71 h5, was the most precisely vicious.
''You can feel good twice,'' he said.
B11 Basketball: Bulls make history.
In the world of corrections, an inmate is an inmate is an inmate.
have vanished into the bank accounts of the studios and a few powerful stars or directors.
Neither he nor Ms. Moore-Taylor drinks coffee.
Last year, Mr. Solano founded Havana Press, a small agency of independent journalists who worked out of his home in San Miguel del Padron, near Havana.
If Kwan is stronger and faster now, she is also more adept at interpreting her music and communicating her feelings on the ice with facial expressions and hand gestures.
His father was executive secretary of Near East Relief, a nonprofit organization devoted to helping orphans from the Armenian holocaust.
An imposing Baroque collegiate church, built in cathedral-like proportions, speaks of a city of stature well into the 18th century.
She collaborated with her husband, John Lennon, but she also worked separately on songs of hugely varying quality -- some startling, some negligible.
The moon is receding at a steady rate of about 1.5 inches each year.
Tajudin Ramli, chairman of the Malaysian Airline System, which operates Malaysia Airlines, announced the order at a news conference.
What's surprising, though, is how spirited this academy show is overall.
Backers say the ferry will provide more comfortable access to Manhattan for many village residents and entice commuters to patronize its shops.
She and two friends had shared a train compartment with him when he was on his travels for ''Great Railway Bazaar,'' and they found themselves portrayed in the book as coarse and contemptible.
In June the Sagamore Rowing Association was evicted from the boathouse, which the group had used for 10 years.
But Mr. Lind undervalues this dimension of politics and sees only isms and political labels.
"I like fish," Mr. Eng said, "but I don't want to live with the smell 24 hours a day.
Drug treatment for Kaposi's sarcoma generally has been less successful than drugs have been for some other complications of AIDS.
But the brown-brick houses had a drab sameness and there was an almost indefinable sense hanging in the air like the coal smoke -- the sense that anyone living here will most likely never get out.
It does nothing to counter other effects of fallout, a cocktail of radioactive isotopes like strontium, cesium and plutonium.
Sharing a bagel with the Senator at the Madison Cafe on the Upper East Side not long ago, I asked him what he does when he feels that an official is holding out on New York.
Al Cowlings has refused to testify about what his longtime friend O. J. Simpson did in the days immediately after Mr. Simpson's former wife, Nicole, and her friend Ronald L. Goldman were killed on June 12, 1994.
The character is a self-styled victim who gets the dirty work but doesn't ask for victim treatment.
2 88 REVIVING OPHELIA, by Mary Pipher.
are "governing" Madagascar just as Wall Street and New York State "governed" New York City in the late 1970's.
Ms. Hannah, who was at the interview, added: "We were losing students for years that we shouldn't have lost.
The film "Pocahontas" has added to the steady flow of visitors to the beautiful brick-and-stone church of St. George's in Gravesend, a quiet town on the Thames east of London.
NEW HAVEN -- Church of the Redeemer, 185 Cold Spring St. Dec. 24, 10 P.M., Durante's ''Magnificat,'' carols with strings, organ and Julia Raspe, soprano; Howard Foster, bass.
Nick has developed brain lesions that have left him partially blind.
When the pilots were told to descend, the plane speeded up, so they retracted the flaps, causing the plane to change its angle relative to the wind, magnifying the effect of the ice ridge.
Clare L. Spark, a California writer who has studied the revival more closely than anyone, reports that Weaver ''lost his mind to Melville.''
Full fare one-way tickets from Orly are $190 to Marseilles or Toulouse and $217 to Nice.
Separate dissents to today's decision were filed by Judges Robert R. Beezer, Ferdinand F. Fernandez and Andrew J. Kleinfeld.
Is it just as good now?
In some buildings, he said, Astroturf carpeting is the deck.
But, Dr. Resnick insisted, Mr. Salvi's delusions governed his mind so completely that he was unable to understand the "moral wrongfulness" of his acts and therefore was legally insane.
No doubt many important diplomatic meetings were to be held as well, but the trip was cut short, apparently due to bad publicity back home.
Saturday, 9:30 A.M. to 3 P.M.; those interested should call (212) 228-5000.
Two mutual funds managed by the Fidelity Investment Company are among the biggest investors in a small Canadian company whose chairman was charged Thursday with conspiracy to commit securities fraud in connection with a Federal sting operation.
''I'm a little surprised,'' Chang said.
The nastily funny lines at the expense of Joan Sutherland and other Callas contemporaries can be heard loud and clear.
Athletics 8, Red Sox 0 Mark McGwire hit his 46th homer and the rookie Willie Adams threw a five-hitter as host Oakland won its third straight shutout, beating Boston.
A Royal Nepal Army helicopter rescued the third climber, Cleve Armstrong, 52, today at an altitude of 17,056 feet.
Today's incident, which lasted several hours, was similar to a series of incursions by North Korean troops into the zone on three nights in early April.
.," he says with a grin.
And it is Mr. Pataki who routinely consults with Mr. D'Amato, and defers to him, on political questions, not vice versa.
Mourning pushed Bradley down on the inbounds play, no call.
It's not about me choosing New York, choosing Indiana, choosing L.A.
It plans an offering of at least $100 million of the new shares.
This is the centenary of the birth of one of the great figures of the game, Waldemar von Zedtwitz, who died in 1984.
"Over the last 25 years, parents have seen the government take on the role of parenting," said the Washington bill's patron, State Representative Joyce Mulliken, a Republican.
Their anxiety is not unfounded.
''None of the work is specifically geared toward reverse commuting, but that doesn't mean that reverse commuting isn't helped by all of the projects,'' said Harry Harris, deputy commissioner of the State Department of Transportation.
(Meanwhile, another production of "Company" is sizzling in London, at the Donmar Warehouse.)
She dropped out of the company the next year to appear in the Broadway musical "Stars in Your Eyes," and rejoined de Basil's company for an Australian tour and the New York season that followed it in 1940.
Her father, who is retired, was a vice president and the general manager of the specialty resins division of Rhone-Poulenc, a chemicals manufacturer in Princeton, N.J.
Travelers to endemic areas, especially the tropics, should wear long sleeves and trousers, remain in well-screened areas and use mosquito repellent.
''After Hillsborough, the fences came down in the English stadiums as a mark of respect for the victims,'' Blatter said.
As a point of departure, the site is geographically and historically apt.
More than $100,000 should be on hand for the black candidates selected.
"We recognize that there is the possibility that the foreclosure rate may be higher," Mr. Barry said of the "no doc-low doc" loans.
The average rate of junior college transfers at Big 12 schools was just 30.6 percent.
It could, for example, show impact damage from parts farther forward that flew off and hit the wing in the first moments of the disaster.
"You're just not sure if people are going there if you subsidize them," Ms. Kenedy said.
An $80 bottle of wine should be memorable, and this one will not disappoint.
The findings, reported in Newsday today, are the first step in a process that could result in promotions, back pay, reassignments and damage awards for male and female minority officers.
"Kyrie," by Ellen Bryant Voigt (W. W. Norton).
with Elton John, who composed the music.
The most widely used pensions will remain 401(k) plans, which have increased in popularity in the last 20 years.
"I want to awaken him," Rivero said before tonight's fight.
A second visitation began at 7 P.M.
After the war he joined the Secretariat of the United Nations and retired in 1972.
The girls left with candy given to them by court officers.
Today's questions also focused on the injuries to Mr. Simpson's hand -- police photographs of his hand were displayed on a courtroom video screen with such magnification that the fingers were the size of tree trunks -- and how he had spent his time on the night of the killings.
Provident American, an insurance company, is seeking $59.6 million in damages -- more than twice the $25 million originally sought by the plaintiff in the Mississippi case, Jeremiah O'Keefe 3d, a fifth-generation Mississippi funeral home owner.
Elisa's body was found in her mother's apartment in a lower Manhattan housing project on Nov. 22.
More ambitiously, it implicitly considers the history of theft and appropriation that is rock music, tracing its origins from slave culture in America to the soullessness of cyborg punk, embodied by Mr. Acevedo's character.
There were no hidden agendas, there was just enthusiasm," said Anthony Mason -- who had 15 points, 12 rebounds and 4 assists -- after his first start at power forward for Charles Oakley, who will be out until April 1 with ' broken thumb.
''Hello, you're a good girl, a good girl,'' she says.
They visited one of the original duplexes -- the only one left in the building -- and saw the tiny 28-inch-wide staircase and how the rooms work.
''But now they have a different mission.
"I remember standing outside the fence thinking, 'Oh, no, nobody is taking care of the plants,' " Mr. Waffle said.
"I really thought my average would be higher," he said.
The 1996-97 Rangers would be younger, the president and general manager of the team said, and their league-leading payroll would be reduced.
Mr. Marvin's latest venture with Mr. Silleck, ''Cosmic Voyage,'' is the first large- format film to combine computer graphics with live action.
Plank Road Brewery, Milwaukee, a division of the Miller Brewing Co. unit of the Philip Morris Cos., to the Leo Burnett Co., Chicago, to introduce Iguana Light beer in test markets including Dallas and Philadelphia.
While most people expect Jordan and Jackson to re-sign, and while Rodman's chances of returning are probably good, Chicago's opponents are hoping that somehow the Bulls ruin a good thing.
This statement is as meaningless as saying that were it not for my mortgage, car payments and loans, I would be rich.
"We will discuss with the university its future course of action consistent with the reasoning and outcome of this case."
Yet the character exists in a world far less complicated than he is.
So I went, and it was true.
He does write a short commentary that accompanies his Thursday show, called ''D.M.Z.
But because she has already been confirmed by the Senate as a member of the council, she would not have to undergo confirmation to become its chairwoman.
Following instructions, I clicked "new" in the file menu and, when the task launcher appeared, selected Works Tools from it, rather than from the tools menu.
That sounds impressive until Mr. Hecker mentions that only 11 or 12 states have a growing season long enough to support a commercial sweet potato crop, and that the harvest nationwide last year was almost 1.29 billion pounds.
They are 3-1, tied with the Philadelphia Eagles atop the National Conference East, and will play the visiting Jets (0-4) on Sunday night.
For me, he's always been the best defensive second baseman in baseball, and that includes Sandberg.''
And, as he writes, "for Jackson symbology itself can, in some demi-Eucharistic way, constitute substance, and often of a greater reality than the rudimentary factual specifics of the matter."
Scooter remembers, for example, what this friend once said about calculated risk, the "what ifs" of life: "We're talking about the nature of things, to wit, the primordial actuality of things, my worthy fellow.
After Rose Island's relighting in 1993, she became its keeper.
Mr. Kennedy conceded that Republicans were unlikely to hold hearings on his proposals, let alone bring them to the floor.
''We know who the perfidious ones are and where they come from; they have experienced us for eight years,'' the younger Mr. Hussein said.
As for Georgia Coach Smith, the Sweet 16 is almost an annual rite.
The results of the campaign were immediately apparent.
The Agriculture Department convenes its annual conference on farm exports and trade at the Omni Shoreham Hotel in Washington.
This is true of units with a drain hole in the collector pans, but those units that remove water with the "slinger" ring should be perfectly level.
The family is to retain control of its other holdings, including Dassault Electronics and Dassault Systems.
Usually the alkalinity fades with time, and the wallpaper can be applied to the primed plaster wall.
"Short-handed goals just break your back."
327 East Ridgewood Avenue, Paramus.
Most of the parents were on the other side, occasionally waving or calling their children over for last-minute kisses.
Thai Airways said in a filing to the Stock Exchange of Thailand that it would take delivery of the six planes between October 1997 and May 1999.
How is it possible that a boxer gains prestige by serving a government that steals from its people?"
No, it wouldn't be elephants and clowns, but it would be close.
The other women threw stones and released their anger in painful screams, while she thought only about Medin, her 14-year-old son, and the day Bosnian Serb soldiers ripped him from her arms.
But the Islamic Middle East seems to be its happy hunting ground.
The Peace and Progress Coalition is expected to do better, in part because the major party in the coalition is the Socialist Party, which has the support of Slobodan Milosevic of Serbia.
Poly's David Yorio (9 carries for 84 yards) chipped in a 20-yard scoring run.
The hilly campus on the edge of a bustling suburb is also proud of its student-run intramural sports programs.
While dismissing critics of the plan as naysayers, the Mayor acknowledged that he would have a fight on his hands convincing people in the community that this deal will benefit them.
Since their subsidies are tied to the building, they are effectively prisoners of their landlords.
He was 85 and lived in Bronxville.
''As a kid growing up in Harlem, the word journalist never jelled for me,'' she said.
Its first quarter vacancy rate for White Plains, outside of the central business district, is 20.84 percent.
They need none of the historical analysis that helps to support the show's weightier, more labored paintings.
The announcements were seen as signals of significant changes in the on-line business strategies of both Compuserve and Time Warner.
A few blocks up Seventh Avenue that same night, Jeanie Bryson was performing at the Village Vanguard.
''We will have made a major impact at reducing fuels available for catastrophic fires,'' said Mary Jo Lavin, the Forest Service's national fire director.
So now, he has switched strategies.
Within a century and a half it had been rebuilt, and Tamerlane the Great, whose conquests spread from India to the Black Sea, attempted to make it the urban center of the world.
The research firm regards Michigan as tightest of all, with an unemployment rate of 4.6 percent, about two points below its so-called natural rate of joblessness -- a theoretical rate calculated on a state-by-state basis to be consistent with stable inflation.
At China Northern, or Norinco, He Xiaodong, who runs the general manager's office, said the first time the company new about the cases came when news reports were faxed from Los Angeles.
FREE CHOICES TODAY "Abandoned Trunks," an exhibition of vintage hats, gowns and photographs that Monica Randall salvaged from Gold Coast mansions, completes its run at Chelsea Center.
The winners will each receive a $5,000 grant to be used toward postgraduate studies.
The rest are remixes of American and Indian pop.
A study being published on Thursday suggests that more than one-third of all serious skating injuries, about 40,000 annually, could be prevented if all skaters wore wrist guards and elbow pads.
''So now they have to give hayrides and sell sunflowers and pumpkins, which is not exactly farming,'' Mr. Doyle said.
New Mexico, Virginia and Mississippi had the biggest surpluses, receiving far more in Federal outlays than they paid in Federal taxes.
Mr. Joseph is a convivial host who has been known, on occasion, to welcome regulars into his kitchen.
''They never even told us about Monday,'' one official said.
Because the demand for food and thus fertilizer does not rise or fall much with the swings in the economy, the company is considered to be noncyclical, with fairly steady growth tied to an ever-increasing world population.
As the morning went by, however, delegates arrived from 11 states, mostly in the Midwest.
To the African-American community, that's detrimental.
Between 17 and 18 miles, he made a forceful surge, hoping to loosen the clot of runners at the front, knowing that others with track experience had more available finishing sp'ed.
But as it stands now, neither NBC nor CBS has specified how long the candidates' appearances would be permitted to run or how often.
Dr. Kevorkian then denounced the system that ordered him to stand trial.
I cannot feel bad about anything."
As the neighborhood became increasingly Dominican, Mr. Murtaugh, too, made several adjustments.
In her latest novel the author traces several major conflicts of the 20th century through the life of her heroine, Melinda Kregg.
Some people say that Anthony Mason is only happy when he is unhappy and that love him or loathe him, Mason is Mason.
Physician-practice management companies have deals with groups of doctors, taking responsibility for selling the physicians' services to managed care buyers as well as providing expensive information systems.
Out in the suburbs, cutthroat competition from the big-box chains is the rhythm of life.
"I could probably handle the pressure of going for the record," he said at his locker.
This was his first time as a President, said Mr. Sanzel, artistic director of Theater Three in Port Jefferson.
"I'm so impressed that, A, he's a tough guy and, B, he hasn't spent time whining about his injuries.
And we are a family.
Check the sight glass weekly and add water whenever the level drops.
In recent weeks it had lost out in competition for contracts to make an advanced fighter jet for the Pentagon and commercial planes for several longtime customers.
Wheelchair access: Entrance is up several steps; restrooms are narrow.
The base Prelude ($23,595 including delivery) is nicely equipped, with power windows, locks, mirrors and sunroof; cruise control; air-conditioning, and a CD player.
Mr. Dole has his own stable of more than 100 economists, including four Nobel laureates, in support of his plan.
In one instance, a grandmother caring for three foster children -- including one child who had been badly abused by her natural parents -- said she had never been visited in the six months since the city gave her responsibility.
crash, and politicians' promises of tax cuts, welfare reform and tougher regulation of tobacco.
Can the defense stop the run?
Why did economists swallow the idea that social justice was the enemy of growth?
She was found 11 days later, when firefighters responded to a blaze in the apartment, which, it turned out, had been set by another kidnapping victim as a way to get help.
In court papers unsealed yesterday, Federal agents described secret meetings with arms dealers in Silicon Valley and faxes -- apparently intercepted by wiretaps -- between those dealers and Chinese arms manufacturers in Dalian, a Chinese industrial center near North Korea.
Maryland's lawsuit, filed yesterday, says tobacco companies conspired to sell a product that they knew was harmful, Attorney General J. Joseph Curran Jr. said at a news conference.
"Institute Benjamenta," which opens today at Film Forum, might be described as a Kafkaesque fairy tale with a surreal sense of humor.
Mr. Tsahar's pieces, which have been played in public once before but still lack titles, bore a minimum of standard notation.
But that, he said, is what it is doing.
Miss Bishop once hoped to become an opera singer.
A Life in Postcards A retrospective exhibit of the photography Richard K. Dean, 82, has provoked something of a nostalgia fest in Glens Falls, N.Y., near Albany.
The last two times the 49ers fled for Arizona during the playoffs -- 1994 and 1981 -- they went on to win Super Bowls, so that may also have been a factor for the superstitious Seifert.
"They just decided they wanted their own guy there."
And those who have known her for years say her self-deprecating, slightly loopy personal style belies what has always been a remarkable focus.
''Those Stone Age people who destroyed the library destroyed their heritage too,'' said Ms. Lorkovic in a telephone interview.
Investigators said they found a used condom containing semen near the place where the rape occurred, but they were unsure whether it belonged to the suspect.
What I find most obnoxious is that people that claim to be scientific refuse to look at things that don't fit their world view.
Aquila Gas Pipeline is 82 percent owned by the Aquila Energy Corporation, a unit of Utilicorp United Inc.
Lamar and Honey Alexander have profit margins that even Hillary Clinton would envy.
EXTRA POINTS In the last game before their bye week, the Jets beat the Arizona Cardinals, 31-21, for their only victory of the season as ADRIAN MURRELL rushed for 199 yards.
Pharmacia has much of its sales in Europe, where the strong dollar has meant reduced revenue, he said.
The discounter also said it would take a charge of $61 million in its fiscal first quarter for the recent sale of 29 percent of its stake in Thrifty Pay Less Holdings Inc.
"Although we need more information about what happened, it seemed to be a fiasco from start to finish," Mr. Cowper said.
Mrs. Roukema, who voted against the original bill banning the procedure, said she switched sides because her concerns that the mother's life be protected and that the doctor be protected from prosecution if the procedure was performed in dire circumstances -- had been addressed in the House and Senate conference committee.
"You basically take the decision that you're either going to function or to be afraid," he says.
The pianist Margaret Mills closes the Noonday Getaway season at Grace Episcopal Church in White Plains with a recital on Wednesday at 12:35 P.M. Works by Brahms, Chabrier and Amy Beach will be played.
''That's up to the management to answer that question,'' the Rangers' captain said.
Phillippi Sparks has blossomed into a good young cornerback.
His mother is the adoption supervisor at the Brookwood Child Care Center in Brooklyn.
He suggested that Apple split into two companies, with one producing only hardware, the other only software, which it would license to all interested companies.
Ordway, a son of Salt Lake, owned by William Punk and Philip DiLeo, seized the lead in the homestretch and held it against a determined move by Traitor, who became the Derby favorite by winning the Futurity three weeks ago.
The city is also required to pay any hospital costs not reimbursed by insurance companies or Medicaid -- that is, medical care for the uninsured poor.
But the new reorganization "is saying that the United States is just another place," said Mr. Burry of Oppenheimer & Company.
I am no better than the next fool in this department.
It said that Pathe provided the funds to establish Cinema 5 and that the executives of the company were friends of Mr. Parretti.
I hitchhiked around Spain with her in our 20's, and we lived in Paris with hardly any money.
At times he has encouraged greater use of English in Orthodox liturgy, alarming some newer immigrants and traditionalists and their advocates in the Greek-language media.
People felt their lives had been deformed since 1945 by the Yalta agreement, in which Winston Churchill, Joseph Stalin and Franklin Roosevelt divided up Europe.
He said Colombia would seek other allies in the fight against drugs.
The first is to watch for plant phenology indicators, plants that bloom at the same time that pests are present on another species.
The Japanese markets will be closed until Monday for a New Year's break.
This film is rated R. WITH: Jennifer Aniston (Rene), Maxine Bahns (Hope), Edward Burns (Mickey), Cameron Diaz (Heather), John Mahoney (Mr. Fitzpatrick), Mike McGlone (Francis) and Leslie Mann (Bartender).
They are ciphers, updates on the kinds of drones that populated the socially conscious American theater of the 1920's and 30's.
I told guys, 'If you don't want Troy to be Troy, our team will lose something.'
WITH THE GOVERNMENT STILL CLOSED after 21 days, the Speaker was ready to speak.
''To the extremists, to declare the Government as illegitimate makes it an infidel government,'' said Jamal Khashoggi, a Saudi journalist.
Bio-Dome" isn't a 10th as gross as it ought to be.
But State Supreme Court Justice Helen Freedman was right to halt screening that could only further clog a housing process the courts have repeatedly ordered speeded up.
"Weights have been good to Earvin," Theus said.
This loss would have kept him in jail for a year after he completed two-thirds of his maximum 20-year term, said James B. Flateau, a spokesman for the State Correctional Services Department.
Nissan sales slipped 10.5 percent, Mazda sales slumped 27.1 percent and Mitsubishi sales fell 12.6 percent.
Individual course requirements can certainly be completed by exhibiting competence on tests or by sending in papers or by using new interactive computer programs.
Mr. Gulotta said the exact amount of the property tax cuts would vary, depending on location.
''When she turned, I could tell she was in her own little world.''
Mr. Jewell has not been charged with any crime, and Justice Department officials have said they have several suspects in the case.
The legal theories in such cases vary, with some based on charging negligence and others on intentional infliction of emotional, physical and financial distress.
BBDO also handles accounts for Delta operations like Delta Express, a new discount carrier, and the Delta Shuttle.
And that is also difficult, and requires us to look at whether there are ways we can expand our jurisdiction to reach some of those people.
A fourth novel, a sequel to the first two, is in the works.
He can freeze the Cowboys' defense long enough so that it is not bunching up on Watters, who then has some running room.
We pair off, with a video camera provided for each pair.
By most estimates, that would reduce the G.D.P.
The issue of missing Americans from the Korean War still stirs significant debate among scholars and military analysts.
But the golf, he said, is glorious -- beautiful and bracing.
The records have become the focal point of the investigations by the committee, the Whitewater independent counsel and savings and loan regulators looking into the issue of what work Mrs. Clinton did for a savings association that examiners later concluded was rife with corruption and insider dealing.
The rest comes from fees and grants.
He works as an attorney for a tape-and-glue-and-sandpaper conglomerate.
Or we might raise an enemy ship -- perhaps the Orient Point Ferry -- and lay alongside, yardarm to yardarm, to fight it out with hamburger buns.
Liberia's latest troubles, the resumption of a war in which the battlefield switched terrifyingly in the space of a weekend from the thick bush of the interior to the streets of the capital, were the logical next chapter.
In the old days, at lunchtime I used to bolt from my workbench and dash to the house to watch "All My Children."
Thursdays through Saturdays at 8 P.M.; Sundays at 2 P.M. Tickets: $20; $15 for students and the elderly.
By adopting wild-card playoff teams and their intention to adopt interleague play, owners have expressed their contempt for traditionalist thinking in baseball in light of their need to generate additional revenue.
An emotional high point came when Christopher Reeve, who was left paralyzed from the neck down after a riding accident last year, appeared onstage to introduce a selection of highlights taken from films with social messages.
But it is not just the athletes who will be on public display.
It is water under the bridge.
If Lloyd knocks Aikman out of the game, we have an entirely different game.
It reposed in a moldy basement.
They're suing the city to prevent the city from ever having any alternative other than the Legal Aid Society."
"But they were either afraid or didn't want to rock the boat.
But she was raised by secular parents who discarded religion long ago.
Golf's Mr. October has simultaneously raised consciousness and he has raised the height of the bar with his marvelous stretch of golf since turning professional last month.
Saks has them in pewter-colored spandex by DKNY ($165), in navy cotton by ICB ($105), in off-white rayon by CK Calvin Klein ($125) and in ribbed cotton by Eric Stewart ($56) in white, black, lime or light blue.
Some would think that the Razorbacks have already overachieved.
So, potentially, a full percentage point under current levels.
As you read along, a question arises: Am I going to make the effort to sort out who's who or will I drift through this party with a frozen smile and the glazed expression of someone who would be happier sitting home alone, drinking rewarmed breakfast coffee and reading, say, an advertising circular about a snow-tire clearance sale?
A Jew who had converted to Roman Catholicism as a young man, he regaled her with the lore of his adopted faith.
Miller deked Darius Kasparaitis, then beat Fichaud.
'This is horrible,' " she said they told her.
Asked whether he worried about wasting his vote, Billy Roseberry, a retired ironworker, said: ''I think you should vote for who you want to win or lose.
He went to Miami and hired a private investigator, Carlos A. Fernandez.
But that argument would clash sharply with Mr. Pataki's contention that the state's economy is improving steadily and that there are jobs available to most people who want them.
And then I jog and do all these other stress tests and things.
We loved him a lot.''
He kicked the alliance headquarters out of France then, saying that it was too heavily dominated by the United States, which has always reserved the top NATO command for itself.
''I still feel bad about that.''
The bridegroom, 28, is a director of development in the feature film department of Orion/MPCA in Santa Monica.
Although I had been working part time for a few years, I had to increase my work hours drastically in order to pay what seemed at the time to be a huge sum of money.
Together, they held majority control, with more than 200 other shareholders bringing up the rear.
Biologists have found that life is dangerous for the adult anacondas too, even though they are the top predators.
Yet the police seem to have made little progress in the case, despite the political resonance of the attempted assassination of the nation's top police officer.
"While the market has enough momentum to test this level later in the week, it is not expected to get below it on the first attempt," he said.
"IN COLD BLOOD: MURDERS THAT SHOCKED NEW YORK," New-York Historical Society, 2 West 77th Street.
When many people hear thrift shop, they envision the desperate and disenfranchised pawing over Elvis oils, beer-stained sectionals and musty polyester suits crammed willy-nilly into dimly lit, dusty dives.
$(B6.$) A Film Maker's Protest Leon Ichaso handed out protest fliers to the opening-night crowd at the New York Film Festival, which rejected his movie ''Bitter Sugar'' on artistic grounds.
It will contain 130 works from 44 countries, ranging from a 6,000-year-old clay figure of Eastern European origin to a video installation by the contemporary American Bill Viola.
Neither Kemp nor Payton -- the Malone and John Stockton of the very late 1990's -- is going to Atlanta.
There will also be a lag so that, for example, the rate to be applied on Dec. 1 is the C.P.I.
HIS APPROACH WAS CALLED ''tragic realism'' by the film critic Parker Tyler; he called himself ''a director of atmosphere.''
It is not that ballets like "Rodeo" do not use ballet-trained dancers but that the academic lexicon of ballet is not used here for its own expressive formal value.
There's a nephew wandering about with the single function of deciding whether he'll go to college.
Investors were also not enthusiastic about the proposed deal, sending shares of CUC down sharply in heavy trading.
Does this, then, mean the end of the daily glass of cheap but honest red?
The difference is that he has a little something more now.
The good news is that a finger click on the mouse can launch you right on out of there and into some some other corner of the golf world.
Goldman, Sachs & Co. Florida Ports, $207 million of revenue bonds.
Then he moved into the background.
On the grounds of the Royal Hospital, Royal Hospital Road, Chelsea, London, May 21 through 24.
The attack comes as government officials have increased their efforts to crack down on domestic violence and strengthen court orders of protection.
The founders' trove will be arranged in capacious displays, made visually uniform by a consistent scheme of railings, moldings and other Romanesque Revival decorative details inspired by original elements in the building.
Ms. Donovan has portrayed herself as a moderate who would not feel obligated to vote with the Republican majority and who opposes Bob Dole's proposal for a 15 percent tax cut.
And I started giving it as presents."
The Rangers practiced early yesterday morning and will do so again today before traveling to Dallas.
He calls for "privatization of state industry, deregulation with a vengeance, and the release of public lands into the housing market."
I simply want to see the investment of RJR shareholders enhanced.''
Dr. Uwe Reinhardt, a Princeton University health economist, said that tales like Mr. Krantz's were nothing new in American medicine.
America's best and most popular player stopped the bleeding today, both his own and that of his golfing generation.
''This is not in any way intended to increase our capital expenditures,'' Mr. Giuliani said.
You are entitled to make up to three calls at the precinct station, and you can make all the calls you want from pay phones in the holding cells downtown.
The five states' attorneys general have agreed to include RJR Nabisco in the Liggett settlement if the company should ever be merged with Mr. LeBow's Liggett cigarette maker.
"I want you to think and choose as citizens, and all you want is a new shepherd."
One school had to drop a series of good conduct awards recently because students had stopped applying.
Quality Dining, based in Mishawaka, Ind., surged $4.50, to $26, in Nasdaq trading.
Before yesterday's announcement, Mr. Reidy had estimated that the Times Company would earn $1.65 a share in 1996 and $1.90 a share in 1997, and he said he was unlikely, for now, to change those figures.
After three months, without giving any reason or declaring any life plans, Mr. Royster simply left the center.
Colleen A. Roche, the Mayor's press secretary, said yesterday that if the Council overrode the veto, the administration would go to court to strike down the law.
Philippoussis fired 25 aces, but double faults -- including two in the tie breaker -- got him into trouble.
A spokesman for the current Bronx District Attorney, Robert T. Johnson, said Mr. Johnson did not know how vigorously he would contest Mr. Grady's new appeal.
There have been conferences among legal scholars about the Simpson case.
Serve it with a spinach and mushroom salad.
He was a janitor; she worked nights in the textile factory."
The American Association of Individual Investors compiles its own list of stocks that are out of the Wall Street spotlight, calling them ''shadow stocks.''
On Saturday at 4 P.M. a woman who won early fame but suffered a grievous loss both personally and professionally will be the author-speaker.
The library address is 2203 Main Street and the phone number for more information is 385-4162.
''So these are very big hurdles that the Speaker has to overcome.
Shaka Massey pulled Arkansas (13-5, 0-3) within 61-60 on a pair of free throws before Cunningham went to work.
Later, another benefactor, who insisted on remaining anonymous to everyone but her, gave her and her first husband enough money to go to New York.
The combined total sample of 442 was then weighted by revenue size to reflect the actual distribution of all listed companies in the country because smaller companies predominate.
He took an interest in the Patriot after the Army asserted that the weapon had knocked out 96 percent of Iraq's Scud missiles.
The company, based in Seattle, is consistently one of the nation's biggest corporate exporters.
I'd like to stay out here, where the fans always support you."
The Commerce Department figures are computed using the new "chain weighted" system, which tries to accurately reflect real changes in the economy by accounting for inflation in a continuous manner.
FOR THE FUTURE: THE IRVINE FERTILITY SCANDAL focuses on two women affected by it.
His superiors at the State Department in Washington, however, told him to tell President Tudjman that he had "no instructions."
The next batter, O'Neill, grounded into a double play, meaning Springer could have been out of the inning.
"We're not interfering in what people have on their plate or what goes on in the privacy of their home," said Avraham Ravitz, a leader of United Torah Judaism, a strictly Orthodox party.
"This apartment allows me to come back between classes and ballet and walk the dog."
Mr. Herrera, who emigrated from Mexico three years ago, has a goal of his own.
Although the major networks are finally cutting back, they continue to waste precious time and money on the least important phase of the Presidential campaign.
Flextech's owners include the American companies Tele-Communications Inc., which holds 50.8 percent; the Hallmark Entertainment unit of Hallmark Cards Inc., with 10 percent, and U S West Inc., which holds 9 percent.
''We have the type of team speed that could score on any play if they make a mistake,'' Fontaine said.
Erasmus is a very strong, very physical team."
What's happening onstage at all the Atlantic City casinos this week.
Many of the changes also mark a shift in responsibility for security, which has historically been divided between the Port Authority and the airlines.
Travieso whipped the ball to Bright in the lane, who scored.
Ms. Salhany said she felt stung by criticism that ''we were ghettoizing our schedule.''
"Honestly, if it wasn't for this wonderful benefit of credit cards, I wouldn't be surviving."
Ms. Beck said that 721 co-op properties were sold in July, August and September; properties that were put under contract in late spring and early summer.
The primary basis for the settlement involving our silicone factory at Waterford was a fire at our landfill that began in 1993 and cost G.E.
''We have been able to conclusively determine that Mr. Salovaara's sale of the offshore fund's B-E securities at 98 was a sham transaction orchestrated and engineered by him in furtherance of his lawsuit,'' Mr. Hindes wrote.
There is no shared-risk pool.
The college, which sent it to the auction house, will receive the money.
Through the 1980's, as Federal debt and borrowing grew, Telerate had a virtual monopoly on supplying bond prices to trading desks because of an exclusive arrangement with Cantor Fitzgerald, the largest bond broker.
In an interview at El Manana, Ms. Deandar said sources had told her that Ms. Garcia had been admitted to a local clinic for a drug overdose.
Remove the pan from the heat, stir in two tablespoons lemon juice and season with salt and pepper.
My room at the back was the smallest of five, with a sink, armoire and soft, deep double bed, covered by embroidered linen.
Ms. Joughin feels that, ''If people read our flyers, the next time they hear something on the news they will say, 'Oh, yeah, that's what those people were leafleting about,' and maybe they will see the news in a new light.''
One Federal official, however, said, "It doesn't look good," meaning that the circumstances seemed to point to a terrorist act.
Each point, he said, is equal to 1 percent of the mortgage amount, and different mortgages carry different numbers of points.
Mr. Treybig will remain on the company's board.
Even so, there was speculation that the rebels would eventually falter without the unifying leadership of Mr. Dudayev, who had become a symbol of Chechen resistance.
The differences are more than philosophical.
In his last four tournaments, Floyd has won once, finished third once and fourth twice.
But even as the Yankees extended the lead to 3-1 and 5-2, they did not feel comfortable because of Rogers.
Equal and quality education in all schools, regardless of racial balance, should be our goal."
Instead of making Mr. Barak his Defense Minister, as many had anticipated, Mr. Peres made him Foreign Minister, but minus responsibility for the most important part of the job, negotiations with the Arabs.
Mr. Hyde puts his hopes in people like Phyllis Schlafly, the anti-abortion crusader from downstate Illinois, who has been an active supporter of Mr. Buchanan.
antibody testing of defendants may or may not tell whether or not the defendant is infected, and will not tell whether the victim is infected, because of the six-month period it takes for antibodies to the virus to develop.
Michael Hausfeld, a plaintiffs' lawyer, said he was scheduled to meet with agency officials on Friday.
Sold in 1995 at Sotheby's New York, $7,475.
But for all Mr. Clinton's deft maneuvering around the Republican-controlled Congress, he did not win the policy war.
While RuPaul's charisma and the fact that he is a man in women's clothing seem to be enough for now, the question of whether they are enough to sustain his celebrity may well pop up down the line.
Andre-Yves Beck, the head of the Mayor's communications office, began visiting the library frequently to go over lists of proposed acquisitions, even for the children's shelves.
I think I will never tire of watching the sun come up and go down on the plains.
The Nazca S & S unit in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., will oversee the Latin American account, which had been at the Miami office of Young & Rubicam Inc. Saatchi & Saatchi handles both brands in America.
Executives at Tele-Communications said they had no intention of leaving the Primestar consortium.
In 1968, Father Castle resigned from St. John's, feeling the church should have a black minister (though it got another white minister).
But these social services provide both a cover and a recruiting ground for young terrorists.
And for the voter with an appetite, Ms. Annarummo said, ''we'll invite them to the campaign headquarters, where they can have some of the cakes we're having baked by our campaign volunteers, but that's after they vote.''
This time, Democrats are coordinating their approaches, as illustrated by the battle in Connecticut.
As Bharosa, Mr. Puri raises righteous indignation to a feverish fury.
The amount of the rent being paid, he said, would not have any direct bearing on decontrol of the apartment upon J-51 expiration.
Mr. Hedgecock mocked the networks today for broadcasting only an hour of the convention each night, and then criticizing the Republicans for trying to make the most of that time.
For much of evening, small talk from big mouths raged.
According to reliable reports, 80 people were killed and 495 houses were partially or totally destroyed.
''We began with Escoffier and were influenced by Alice Waters,'' said Markus Peter, referring to the Julia Child of Berkeley, Calif., who championed the use of organic and locally grown produce.
Wind reaching 110 miles per hour near Cleveland, Tenn., forced organizers to stop Olympic whitewater canoe and kayak qualifying competition on the Ocoee River.
Historically, Americans rally around any President at the onset of forceful military action by supporting the action itself as well as the Commander in Chief.
At the peak, in late August, 22,000 men and women worked Western fire lines.
The Hitachi clock aglow over Columbus Circle says it's after midnight.
The organizations, along with representatives from several unions in the city, have provided staff and technical support, and have pledged to provide legal representation in the event of a job action.
Shareholders of record on Nov. 22 will receive one additional share for every share held.
In New York late yesterday, the dollar was trading at 1.4497 German marks, down from 1.4499 marks on Wednesday.
Mark Mellman, a Democratic pollster, agreed, and said that when push polling was suggested in campaigns for which he had worked, he objected.
"He toured the amputee wards in his wheelchair," Mr. Dole said.
The Daily News will soon start full-color printing, with The New York Times following suit next year.
Whether Representative Helen Chenoweth of Idaho, perhaps the most radical of the 73 freshmen Republicans sent to Congress in 1994, will prove to be a liability or a plus for the Republicans could be one of the more compelling questions as this election year begins.
Jan. 9: Close to full service, but with extensive delays.
The grit and determination that I like to see.
A stronger dollar makes Treasury securities and other United States investments more attractive to foreign investors because of the profits that can be made through currency appreciation.
She is survived by two daughters, Susan Peters of Deer Park, L.I., and Betty Roberts of Stamford, Conn.; five grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren.
The second -- and most controversial -- will address the relationship between Northern Ireland and the Irish Republic.
Despite persistent reports of an impending deal in which Sun Microsystems Inc. would acquire Apple, some executives familiar with recent talks between the two companies said that the two sides remained far apart on the question of price; at least one person said the talks broke off yesterday.
Further complicating the picture is the fact that boards act collectively.
Virginia Tech 45 Boston College 7 The Hokies (No.
The cuts are all the more disappointing, the experts say, because the Surgeon General's report, which touts the benefits of moderate exercise, dovetails with an evolving, less competitive approach to physical education.
Mr. Rubin said the Administration had to wait until the trial was over and the investigation had ended.
His aggressive in-line skating gear division, Kink, is now the official label for 12 in-line skaters, including Kate Gengo, the current women's aggressive skating champion.
The former colonel, Theoneste Bagosora, was arrested in Yaounde, Cameroon on Sunday.
Some consider that profit figure understated, because it takes into account amortization of intangible assets stemming from the leveraged buyout of the company in 1989.
But like those old Russian autos-da-fe, the trial was about more than one person's innocence or guilt.
What isn't certain is if he will get another start.
A member of the North Dakota parole board, Mr. McDonald sometimes feels a bit like the fabled Maytag repairman.
Its exposed brick walls are hung with autographed black-and-white photos of the likes of Gregory Peck and Bogie and Bacall.
Polgar, surely unhappy with her 10 O-O Qh4!?
We can afford to wait and get it right."
But despite requiring five disks (compared with two for Travelworks), United Connection suffers annoying shortcomings.
She called his parole officer to say she thought he was in trouble -- but home visits by the officer as recently as Feb. 16 found nothing to indicate he was returning to a life of crime.
As many as 1.5 million buyers of the company's disposable lenses could receive awards of as much as $100 each, Fredric L. Ellis of Boston, a plaintiff's lawyer, said.
According to Diane Shaw, archivist for Lafayette College in Easton, Pa., he was a member of the mandolin club as an undergraduate, but there is no evidence of any interest in skating -- apparently Iceland was a purely business venture.
''It's not Russia if it doesn't snow.
governing board, but the board rarely votes yes or no on issues, preferring instead to seek a consensus.
Though Powell has stated he will not join the ticket, he is widely thought to be Dole's first choice as a running mate.
Stepping up a $121 million takeover bid for the Capco Automotive Products Corporation, the Eaton Corporation said yesterday that it was suing the auto parts maker in Federal court to drop its poison pill and other defense tactics.
And though Junior's is generally thought to be a product of earlier, more Runyonesque times, it was not until 1973, when Junior's won a cheesecake contest held by New York Magazine, that its claim to the world's cheesecake throne was finally made, Marvin Rosen said.
The Loctite board, which had rejected Henkel's previous bid of $57.75 a share, met yesterday and accepted the higher bid, valued at about $1.27 billion.
Critics accused him of using his gifts as a self-serving promotional device, and in many communities the discussion about whether to take Carnegie money became a debate about the division between capital and labor.
The commission argued that the guides violated the coalition's nonpartisan status by supporting individual candidates.
Many Pan Am 103 families, furious at what they viewed as security lapses in airports before the bombing, and Government indifference to them after it, formed support and lobbying groups.
But Mr. Dyson's outspokenness was not always something the Mayor could smile about.
Fiscal monitors blame Mr. Giuliani's predecessors as much as the Mayor himself for the current debt situation.
Her exhortations came as the bombings were causing many in Israel to question the plans for peace with the Palestinians laid by her husband, and as public support for his Labor Party was eroding.
We want to know what problems a business has.
And while they never spelled it out, they had an implicit understanding that they were heading for a two-state solution, a Palestinian state next to a Jewish state.
The math went like this: half of the 10,000 sailors on the flotilla of military vessels anchored in the Hudson had been issued passes for the party (the other half had passes to a similar gathering last night).
Foreign carriers should be allowed to land in Geneva, as long as their governments reciprocate, it said.
''Can people get what they are looking for when they go to Killington or get it just as easily at Sugarbush?''
''Lebed is a Russian,'' said Mussa Guysamo, a young fighter working in the brigade directly commanded by Mr. Basayev in the center of Grozny.
In a white-painted tenement at 174 Eldridge Street, some early meetings of the Workmen's Circle, a combined immigrants' mutual aid society and Socialist political group, took place in HYMAN LEVY'S APARTMENT.
At 10-1 after an 8-8 record last season?
Forget the legs, Johnson said.
International relief experts said many of those aboard, especially the 300 or so children, were in grave danger of succumbing to diarrhea, typhoid and pneumonia.
An opinionated guide to cultural and recreational goings-on around the state this week.
Today, after you're finished you go to the video room.
"There are fewer and fewer residents of the city who have a direct stake in the public school system," he said.
Production was also hampered by a 37-day strike at a plant in Winnipeg, Manitoba, that ended last month.
There were also spiritual concerns.
"We suffered terrifically," he said.
Frederick W. Peters, head of Ashforth Warburg Real Estate in Manhattan -- a company that had talked with Coldwell Banker initially, along with a number of other Manhattan companies -- praised the chain's referral system, but questioned whether the cost of the affiliation would be justified by the increase in sales.
1,'' made by a group of rappers featuring Mr. Shakur.
No wonder it has acquired the name touch-me-not.
"I know President Clinton is the most friendly President we've ever had," he continued.
But there is only one educational show for the preschool set, and ''Sesame Street,'' which will appear three times a week at 6:30 P.M. on NTV, the independent television network, is an addition sought desperately by educators and parents alike.
A team doctor re-evaluated Iverson and said today the top pick of last summer's draft would probably return next weekend against Washington on Friday or at home against the Knicks next Saturday.
Hanging beside the Gericault is ''Comtesse Greffulhe in a Landscape,'' Vernet's delicate portrait of a delicate woman, a gem of illusionism for how he reveals her silk slip beneath a translucent muslin skirt and her face through the veil of her hat.
The closing was a harbinger of what would happen to many other parochial schools in Connecticut and elsewhere in the next two decades.
Now living in Manhattan, he still visits the raceway regularly -- in addition to traveling throughout the world to race ''high-end professional cars in a very, very high level of competition.''
What is most striking, however, is the company's apparent lack of interest in expanding its base in Europe.
But that, too, is just while you're over land.
Aquaculture has, to date, involved the marketing of only shellfish and those species of fin fish that spend at least some of their lives in freshwater, like trout, salmon, catfish and striped bass.
With similar sophistication, Russell Lees's sly, comic fantasy, "Nixon's Nixon," presents two political celebrities.
The magazine reported that Miss Mantovani concurred.
''But most immigrants are so confused and frightened by the law that the actual numbers turned away will probably not be that high because the message is going out into the immigrant communities that they shouldn't even try to apply.''
The cost to the Pentagon since 1993 could amount to $5 billion.
In a similar vein, he calls I.R.A.
Ms. Lear did not deny the validity of the remark.
ENTER WHINING, by Fran Drescher.
Monthly rents for the one- to three-bedroom apartments, plus fifth-floor duplexes are $1,100 to $3,100.
Leonard Mazin, a New York City high school history teacher, voted against the last teachers contract proposal in December.
In the rose garden, I smell roses.
Kings guards Mitch Richmond and Tyus Edney are bound for All-Star Weekend -- Edney will play in the rookie game -- but they were outplayed by their Miami counterparts.
A "scheme to get something for nothing" is how the indictment describes the Freemen's system of sending companies phony checks for merchandise.
"I loved that day," recalled Lucille Showalter, who's 75.
By contrast, the vote was 5 to 4 to strike down the parallel provision permitting operators to keep indecent programming off their public access channels.
The way the Islanders are playing of late, however, it might be time for somebody on Long Island to start taking notice.
The multiplex would be built by Halpern Enterprises of Tarrytown, which owns 80 percent of the 90,000-square-foot half-block site, bordered by Main and Court Streets and Hamilton Avenue.
(All three cards are good for both bus and the subway.)
Lawyers say the documents, which came to light last week, could also be used in liability suits brought by attorneys general in seven states as well as in class actions and individual cases.
Davenport, the Olympic champion, became a chief beneficiary.
Murray is a sweet schnook with about as much chance of surviving in this shark tank as a bucket of chum.
He is with the Suns for the long haul, or at least 74 games, and it might be safer on the sideline anyway.
Oliver Thomas, a counsel to the National Council of Churches.
The New York Yacht Club has also challenged New Zealand for the America's Cup, as has the St. Thomas Yacht Club of the United States Virgin Islands.
The Bank of Japan bought an estimated $20 billion to prevent the dollar from falling in late February, and another $300 million to $500 million last month.
He graduated from Dartmouth College and received an M.B.A. from Stanford University.
that contribute to a successful and 6 10 43 happy life.
POST OFFICES Express Mail and special delivery only.
"Sure, of course, I became cynical," he said.
There are those who are renting apartments who are afraid the opposition will overturn the law on nationalization of property.
''He's got experience and he's there, confidence-wise, but I can see Dunham doing well the last few days.''
But security officials, fearing a stampede, had stepped in to stop the shore transfer of the close to 4,000 passengers on the freighter and only the very ill were examined in the dockside tents.
Rwanda's Tutsi-dominated Government says it will screen all male returnees to determine whether they participated in the massacres.
''I didn't think about it.
The bill has strong support from business groups, which see it as a way to preserve the nation's private health insurance system by correcting some of its most conspicuous defects.
Under that rule, Ray A. Goldberg, a professor of business at Harvard University who helped lead the governance committee, and Happy Rockefeller, a longtime friend of Mr. Andreas and the widow of Nelson A. Rockefeller, would have to step down this year.
He advised her that it seemed more appropriate for Fort Knox.
The announcement, which seemed to catch many of New York City's Democratic Party officials by surprise, left many seeking to determine how the presence of Mr. Sharpton would affect the primary.
Trade ministers at an Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation forum have failed to gain a group-wide consensus on a number of important trade issues before the first ministerial World Trade Organization meeting in Singapore in December.
"That dominance was partly physical -- he was a big man and had enormous charisma.
And for those constituents angered by the peace agreement, he promises thousands of apartments and lots of jobs.
Just off Flatbush Avenue, on Vanderveer Place, almost every little row house has flowerpots and window boxes full of petunias, impatiens, geraniums and marigolds.
In "House G.O.P., Softening Stance, Issues Manifesto on the Environment" (news article, May 16), you report that House Republicans have issued a broad new set of guidelines for their future environmental proposals, calling for consensus, innovation and a greater role for states, local communities and the private sector.
He said his committee hoped the backdrop instead would be the Sudanese spectators in traditional dress and their new places in the infield.
Jimmy Cayne, president of Bear Stearns, also played in Beijing and, like Nickell, has won many national titles.
"We are nickel-and-diming people who put their lives on the line in our nation's interest, whose existence we denied," he said in an interview.
I have been around more black people in Harlem.
Calling the youth center ''a pretty grim place,'' Mr. Zimmer used the occasion to contrast his record on crime with that of his Democratic opponent, Representative Robert G. Torricelli.
In fact, there appears to be not one Lucas Samaras, but several artists of that name.
This arrangement would also better distribute the leadership load from Messier, who has carried a disproportionate amount of it on his broad shoulders for his five New York seasons, which included the 1994 Stanley Cup championship.
But he conceded that "there are some House members who have a different view.
In 1784, in a reflection of the split, the State Legislature formed the northern area into the Town of North Hempstead.
He looked across the southbound track, where a cement company was operating.
''There has been a steady tide of people coming into Fidelity and a trickle going out,'' said David Weinstein, the senior vice president for administration at the FMR Corporation in Boston, the parent of Fidelity.
The Times of London reported that she makes $150,000 a year from her "Budgie the Little Helicopter" books, the highly rated television series and spinoff products.
The cause was pneumonia, his family said.