Since the financial crisis — and, weirdly, since the 2010 eruption of a smallish volcano that darkened the skies on airline pathways to Europe — tourism has flourished.
The most discussed fashion model of 2015 did not, like some of her colleagues, earn $44 million or shave her head .
Separately, the S.&P./Case-Shiller home price index showed that home prices rose 0.7 percent in 20 major cities in November, with price rises in every city.
I logged several hours of flying with my father, but never earned my license.
Over the course of the decade covered in this book, Graham Chapman, one of the members of Python, becomes ill and eventually dies, and this is treated movingly.
— Jessica Gonzales, Brooklyn, N.Y. Answering all parts of this question together, I think that one can conclude based on my work and the work of my organization where we stand on the issues and how we think about them.
Dr. Agus, whose course is titled “A Short Guide to A Long Life,” decided to make his classes cost the same as a typical co-pay for a doctor’s office visit: $25.
doesn’t want the industry shrouded in mystery, it is not eager for a close-up either.
That such sentiments would be required in 2015 may seem odd, but when the Dodgers job opened with the departure of Don Mattingly on Oct. 22, there was only one minority manager in baseball — Fredi Gonzalez of the Atlanta Braves.
“The American people believe both subsidies and mandates are wrong, so it’s now up to Congress to use reconciliation to repeal Obamacare, and Congress should continue to do so until there is a president who is willing to sign that repeal,” said David McIntosh, a former Republican House member who is president of the free-market Club for Growth.
So we decided to use the Internet to make small stories, about ordinary people.” Since it escalated its efforts in 2011, shortly after protests against the Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad began, Abounaddara (pronounced AH-boo-nah-DAH-rah) has posted more than 300 videos — one nearly every Friday, subtitled in English and French.
It was a costly rift.
Marquise Williams threw two long touchdown passes, and visiting North Carolina (7-1, 4-0 Atlantic Coast Conference) beat No.
With his high forehead, sleepy eyes and round chin, Mr. Iveson has been a distinct presence downtown for 20 years or so.
A divided federal appeals court ruled in 2007 that patients do not have a constitutional right to medicines that are not federally approved.
Environmental, Labor and Intellectual Property Standards United States negotiators stress that the Pacific agreement would seek to level the playing field by imposing rigorous labor and environmental standards on trading partners, and supervision of intellectual property rights.
Is some kind of march about to begin?
By contrast, the size of the Federal Reserve’s balance sheet has grown sharply, helping to support the American recovery.
The United Nations high commissioner for human rights, Prince Zeid Ra’ad Zeid al-Hussein of Jordan, publicly appealed to Saudi Arabia on Thursday to halt the flogging of a blogger sentenced to 1,000 blows, 10 years’ imprisonment and a large fine for creating a website that contained criticism of the country’s religious establishment.
First of two articles Last year in the United States, more than 4,000 people died while on the waiting list for a new kidney.
Trust takes time to develop in any relationship, but especially when the only models you have all end in disaster.
In a rare move, a bipartisan coalition of House members on Friday gained enough signatures on a petition to force a vote this month on renewing the charter of the Export-Import Bank.
And I thought: My God, there’s a terrible row going on.
More than two dozen companies and organizations have filed antitrust complaints in Europe against Google.
What would you like to see here?
The School Nutrition Association said that 70 percent of school meal programs had taken a significant financial hit since the new mandates went into effect.
The roguish singer Father John Misty posted Velvet Underground-esque versions of “Blank Space” and “Welcome to New York” on SoundCloud that were based on, one might say, an ungenerous reading of Mr. Adams’s artistry.
These officials said that the deployment builds on a pattern of assistance that Iran and its proxies have provided Iraq since 2004, and most recently accelerated in an effort to blunt the Islamic State’s momentum.
In the final scene, the stage platform separates to reveal the red floor of the king’s throne room.
He criticized some countries for adopting an attitude of “not in my own back yard.” He also expressed displeasure at the absence of Turkey, a main transit point for migrants going to Europe, from the meeting.
And Mr. Pataki’s spokesman, David Catalfamo, said the criteria would have barred “Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton and probably Abraham Lincoln” from the stage.
Just say what you want to see.
“On average, the system is right, but on individual foods, it’s not right,” he said.
To draw attention to the conservation status of exotic species in faraway places, the light artists ignore the plight of countless birds and other wildlife that will certainly suffer injury or death by adding 800,000 lumens of unnecessary light to the nighttime environment of Midtown Manhattan.
The youngest daughter of Gov.
• An article last Sunday about fast-paced events last February that led to the abrupt downfall of Ukraine’s president, Viktor F. Yanukovych, misspelled the surname of an ally of the president who broke with him over his refusal to sign a trade deal with the European Union.
Tom Wheeler has gone from policeman to salesman.
Yemen’s airspace and seas have been tightly controlled by the Saudi-led coalition since the beginning of the offensive.
“We are trying to work closely with the French and the Americans in support of the Nigerian military and government against Boko Haram,” a senior British diplomat said.
Reince Priebus, the chairman of the Republican National Committee, immediately deplored the debate , touching off an argument over whether there was anti-conservative bias on the panel, even though one of its members, Rick Santelli, essentially gave the Tea Party its name .
Executives canceled external meetings and said that the issue was absorbing all of their focus, people in the news division said.
The agreement would prevent a sharp increase in Medicare premiums and a deep cut in Social Security benefits for disabled workers.
New York City’s child welfare agency, which has come under criticism over recent child fatalities, plans to expand training and services as part of a $26.4 million effort to improve its handling of cases, city officials said.
Besides the $25,000 bonus Monmouth already guarantees the owner and the trainer of the winner of each Triple Crown race — that meant $75,000 to both Zayat and Baffert — the racetrack increased its $1 million purse to $1.75 million, making the Haskell the richest horse race in New Jersey history, according to state racing officials.
The burners unloaded them, sprayed them with oil and piled them on an altar.
His wife, Kim Kyong-hui — an aunt of Kim who may have given a green light for her husband’s death — survived initially, but reports said she was later poisoned.
The Doolittle attack “was designed to show Japan that it was vulnerable,” said Col. Mark K. Wells, who teaches military history at the United States Air Force Academy.
The admissions policy Dr. Leonard devised for the wider university, in collaboration with other Harvard educators, came in response to complaints from Washington that the existing program at Harvard no longer met minimum federal standards.
They are frustrated by the poor performance of the public schools their children attend, by cities and suburbs they believe to be under siege, by a criminal justice system they perceive as dysfunctional, and by a government they view as incompetent.
NEWARK Prudential Hall, New Jersey Performing Arts Center “The Land of Make Believe,” by the New Jersey Symphony Orchestra, led by Gemma New.
Investigators then began poring over his digital life, and found a cache of lewd text messages sent to students and a video of Mr. Shaynak having sex with a teenager.
(Read the review ) 9.
Nongovernmental groups in Macedonia criticized the government’s move as a step that would again expose migrants to human traffickers, or tempt them into dangerous paths like walking along rails at night.
A few months after Mr. Backe’s sudden departure from CBS, Mr. Paley publicly expressed qualms about how it had played out.
Yet the overall project here is something far messier, more complicated and more stimulating than showing the ideal alone.
Last season, Arizona managed just 7 points against U.C.L.A.
She also noted that, because the Food and Drug Administration does not require that all medical devices undergo clinical trials before they are approved, the available data on these devices will be limited.
“A lot of people got in late today, that’s for sure.” Mr. Infurno said that as repair trucks were arriving, he began to warn commuters pulling up to the station that the A train was out of service.
He’s become a messiah for social progressives, a hero for wordplay-obsessed classicists, and a beacon for musical experimenters — in other words, he serves all the outlier groups.
Their father, Neville Owen Plummer, a cashier and a taxi driver, died roughly a year after Shawn’s killing.
People in Mr. Sanders’s circle back then remember visiting the future senator at his small apartment in Burlington.
Our ‘Summer Love’ series has highlighted couples from Coney Island to the Bronx who fell in love with New York as their backdrop.
HUNTINGTON Book Revue Reading and signing of “I Love Going to the Butcher,” by Lee Seelig.
The Fed assumes that large Wall Street firms have to deal with the default of a large trading partner.
The Predators ended a five-game losing streak to Pittsburgh by taking advantage of sloppy play by the Penguins, who have lost six of eight.
In the eyes of their creators, the clones’ humanity is trumped by their value as intellectual property.
Boretti and his staff have recruited players from as far as Oregon, Texas, California and Florida, and as nearby as Brooklyn.
South Korea and Japan are the powers in the 47-member group that stretches from the Northern Mariana Islands to the Arabian Peninsula and covers countries like Australia, Iran, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, China and Qatar, the 2022 host.
On July 6, Bill McDermott, the chief executive of one of the world’s largest software companies, fell down the stairs at his brother’s house.
The governing People’s Action Party of Lee Kuan Yew, Singapore’s modern founder who died in March, won 83 of 89 contested seats in Parliament and captured nearly 70 percent of the vote.
July 31 at 9 p.m. $20.
But the Explorer program, in which software developers and gadget nerds could buy a test version of the product, is over.
“I mostly just tried to let it heal on its own,” White said Saturday at the camp in Bourbonnais, Ill. “I wanted to do it natural.” White, a former West Virginia player who was drafted seventh over all, will have a rod put in the tibia for stability.
Both assaults involved the use of car bombs followed by gun battles with the militants, and the security officials said at least 15 of the attackers had been killed.
Though the honorees were announced in advance (the actress Zoë Kravitz won for “breakthrough style star,” the actor Ansel Elgort for “man of style”), and the statuettes were handed out while guests dined on squash salad and steak, the less famous still felt uneasy in the spotlight.
Why, then, does she end up signing the papers?
After finishing the project, my feelings for Dad didn’t change as much as I anticipated.
How it came to be filled by refugees, in many respects, is an echo of how it came to be abandoned for decades.
It is a sensitive issue.
Advocates for those behind bars acknowledge that it happens.
There were other exciting developments in this week’s episode, too, including the emergence of Dodd’s daughter Simone as a femme fatale of the first order, and the sad fate of Rye’s hapless partner from the typewriter shop, who survived brushes with the K.C.
Like “Supergirl,” “Star Trek”’s cult following and loyal fan base is an appealing audience for an over-the-top bet.
But visiting the farm does have advantages.
Two years ago, Matta’s Buckeyes beat Miller’s Wildcats with a tie-breaking shot with two seconds left to lift Ohio State to the round of eight.
Scott Kupor, the managing partner at the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, and his colleagues said in a recent report that despite all the attention start-ups have received in recent years, tech stocks are not seeing unusually high valuations.
Patrick Sharp was the only Blackhawk there to give chase, and only Victor Hedman was there between Sharp and the puck, looking over his shoulder, shielding him.
— China Xinhua News (@XHNews) September 3, 2015 China’s military parade puts the spotlight intensely on President Xi Jinping.
Sirens, rooftop fans, construction and upstairs neighbors who clomp about like a team of clog-dancing Clydesdales are common conditions of city living.
The thought of leaving that community was sort of devastating.” And the idea of vacating her apartment was similarly disheartening.
“Usually with this kind of opposition research, everyone looks to mainstream publications to give the full account,” Ms. Shulman said.
She cited a state law that prohibits the release of such records until the officer has exhausted appeals.
Salads impressed with both quality and quantity.
(Coincidentally, his 661st home run came against Gullett.)
The venue is great, has a lot of history.
Hillary Rodham Clinton, in particular, has urged more gun-control measures, and is telegraphing that she would make the issue a central part of a general election campaign.
Ms. Talwar said the trip is meant to show a rich but lesser-known side of the city.
As a result, the Bank of Canada now predicts that the economy will grow at an annualized rate of 1.5 percent in the first half of the year.
Paredes won the bronze at the 2013 competition.
That means we may soon be hearing from Bobby Jindal or Rick Perry.
Riverhead Free Library, 330 Court Street.
Iran has honored a Thursday deadline for supplying information to the International Atomic Energy Agency for assessing its past nuclear work, including activities that might have been military-related, the agency reported.
They claimed that Jewish women were not more susceptible to breast cancer than other women but, obsessed with health, ran to doctors for every little thing.
Criminal hackers do not usually sit on the material they steal, because financial data can have a short life span.
Her father was one of few survivors when ISIS attacked their village on Aug. 18, 2014, and killed all the men and boys.
Damage to power and telecommunications systems limited the emergency response — as did a recent Taliban surge in the stricken area of Afghanistan.
“It could change the game in a fundamental way.”
In his best-selling 2010 memoir, “The Hare With Amber Eyes,” he traces the dramatic trajectory of the figurines, which he inherited from wealthy Jewish ancestors who were dispossessed during World War II.
“At some point, in my opinion, those conditions are going to come to pass.”
“These countries dreamed that these low prices would be very temporary.” Mr. Ortiz estimated that all major oil exporting countries had lost a total of $1 trillion in oil sales because of the price decline over the last year.
At the station, boxes piled high with bread, fruit and stacks of drinks were set up on the long wooden tables and benches typical of the city’s many beer gardens.
“Are you a coal miner?
This is about giving and not receiving.” Can it really be that good?
We’ll also invest in mentorship programs and efforts to engage youth through public service.
“Third Avenue was small and unlevered.
NYR: Founded in 1926 as one of the N.H.L’s original six teams.
But we are getting some alternatives.
The compromise American diplomats engineered — stipulating that the “adoption date” of the agreement would come 90 days after the Security Council endorsement — was intended as a way to provide time for Congress to complete its review while accepting the allies’ argument that the adoption of the Council resolution should be a significant step and not an afterthought.
I used to love doing the Jumble and the New York Times crossword with my great aunt on Sundays, so I was happy that I could get a little bit of jumble in my first acceptance.
“That theme, ‘Boy, this is the year earnings are going to come back,’ suffered a little bit of a setback,” said Sean Lynch, co-head of global equity strategy at Wells Fargo Investment Institute.
He had 11 strikeouts, two shy of his career high.
So he retains both of those belts.
The $2 million pig was capable of scanning the pipe inch by inch, and the company wanted data on every one of the pipeline’s seven billion square inches.
A native of the Bronx, he is a terrific dancer who possesses an innate sense of rhythm and a blithe lack of self-consciousness.
This is the ward for burn victims from roadside firebomb attacks, collateral damage from the long battle between Bangladesh’s “ two ladies ,” as the country’s two most important political leaders are known.
Friends of mine have been raving about the documentary “ Most Likely to Succeed ,” and it’s easy to see what the excitement is about.
The man suddenly began throwing punches, and a legitimate brawl ensued during which the man yelled things like “go back where you came from” and “I was born in this country, you weren’t.” A small crowd gathered to break up the fight.
This year, the musician Pharrell Williams and Ms. Kardashian, the TV personality, are expected to attend.
If a HELP WANTED ad ran for test crossword-puzzle solvers, what do you think it might say?
“We will use fines only if we need to compel compliance,” he said.
These arrangements were pointed and detailed, one quite different from the next; they gave you a lot to hear and demanded that you pay attention.
Instead, the odd, persistent history of the house moved him.
And that provided a big opportunity for Gov.
The interviewers’ technique is similar to that used in the United States.
“Are you sure you’re going to keep your appointment?” he said to one potential customer, sounding less like a customer service professional than a high school guidance counselor.
“La idea de que la lección de Irak es mantener una ocupación militar permanente es absolutamente la lección equivocada”.
That makes eurozone products cheaper for foreign buyers and can help eurozone companies sell their products abroad — although China’s slowing economy has made times tougher this year for most global exporters.
This tepid consumer demand will force retailers to keep discounting to get reluctant shoppers to spend more, Mr. Lewis said.
When Forest City first approached Mr. Campbell in 2005 — the year after his grandfather died and left the homes to him and some overseas relatives — he countered its offer to buy the property with a swap.
For one thing, she’s a self-described cargo-pant-wearing lesbian, the sort who can barely remember the last time she had on heels.
Benjamin Moser is the author of “Why This World: A Biography of Clarice Lispector,” a finalist for the National Book Critics’ Circle Award, and the general editor of the new translations of Clarice Lispector at New Directions.
I think the Chinese system can evolve, and Kavli is providing one model.
Samsung, according to Apple, made a “deliberate and conscious” decision to copy the iPhone.
NEW YORK TIMES Copper Drops Sharply | Copper traded at its lowest price levels in more than half a decade amid a broader commodities rout.
These are places where sex among the titled and its consequences are dangerous subjects and need be discussed in guarded privacy.
The school’s M.B.A.s are in demand at elite consulting firms, which hired 35 percent of its graduates last year, a higher percentage than at Harvard (23 percent) and Stanford (16 percent).
The slow-moving court case has become a contentious issue in Ethiopia and abroad, with human rights groups arguing that the defendants were singled out for criticizing the government.
Nov. 3 through Nov. 28.
“The publication of private letters can only inhibit his ability to express the concerns and suggestions which have been put to him in the course of his travels and meetings,” the statement said.
See Sunday listings for Westchester , Long Island , New Jersey and Connecticut .
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg was particularly clear on that point, bluntly saying that “you are not taking away anything from heterosexual couples” if a state allows gay couples to marry.
In 2004, the couple began to dream of luring Americans to their kind of literature, too.
Last month, a terrorist with a gun killed nine unarmed men and women in a church in Charleston and woke the people in our country up from sweet dreams of a postracial America, driving home just how far we still have to go.
Mr. Durst was asked in “The Jinx” about speculation that Ms. Berman was killed by someone who knew her and about the author of the “cadaver” note.
On Tuesday, the company said that three of its executives, including its president, Cheng Boming, were being investigated on suspicion of insider trading.
She waded through snow up the hill in white platform shoes, a dress and tights of fluorescent yellow and an ellipsoidal white puff coat.
“The state board is choosing to make an arbitrary example out of B.B.I.D.
They claim the Planetary Boundaries framework translates to an “ultimate global authority to rule over humanity”.
His skin was pale and damp, and his thin hair was swept back.
Luckily we had a lot of space.” Young Lady in Red: “Once in a while there’s a design that really strikes a note, and this one seemed to do that,” Ms. Kalfus said of her contemporary take on Annie’s iconic red party dress.
That seems less weird, and more wise, than sticking with the story that we are too smart ever to make a mistake.
After all, Minion Yellow is not only a “color of hope, joy and optimism,” according to Leatrice Eiseman, the Pantone executive director, it’s also the first color — in the 1,677 released since Pantone was founded in 1962, including 336 in 2012 — named after a movie character or, to be more accurate, a group of characters.
The famous herds of the Serengeti chase the rain.
“He just kept going about his business and executing his pitches and commanding the zone like he did all day.” The Mets had also given Syndergaard a comfortable cushion early.
– Climate science gets fresh ideas to chew on.
Attention cable cord-cutters: Do not expect to see live sports or evening newscasts on Netflix anytime soon.
But many were skeptical about whether even the pope could sway politicians on issues like climate change and immigration, where stark fault lines have long been clear and are likely to persist.
It now moves to the Richard Rodgers Theater with most of its downtown cast intact.
In addition to students and staff members, some systems will send messages to parents as well.
He said he had “observed the detainees being assaulted by A.L.P.
Every captain knows that an assistant server can make or break you.
“The images are meditations, in that they come from inside me,” McFetridge says by way of an explanation.
There’s a dress shop called Darryl’s that’s very good on Amsterdam and about 84th.
Nadal’s opponent will be sixth-seeded Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic, who defeated John Isner of the United States, 3-6, 7-6 (7), 7-6 (1).
There are other festivals here in the summer, but Montpellier Danse is the festival in this city of winding medieval passages and centuries-old buildings in the Languedoc-Roussillon region of France, a two-hour drive from the border with Spain.
“It’s all about his rhythm,” Porter said.
It was surprising that having attended various band camps in her teens, Ms. Perlman had never met Mr. Johnson until fate brought them together at an audition for Rice University’s music program.
“They’re not a fringe player.
“Very crazy.” The father, a 33-year-old Syrian, is a relative newcomer here, having settled in Houston in January with his wife and children.
In July, the firm hired William Anderson , one of Wall Street’s most prominent advisers against activist investors, from Goldman Sachs in a surprising coup.
In recent years, the company has invested heavily in new areas that are growing rapidly, like data analytics, its Watson artificial-intelligence software, cloud computing, mobile applications and security.
These vague explanations are virtually impossible for future courts to interpret as race-based, although they often are.
Rabbit ears up, countered the TV critic.
Her penalty kick in the 69th minute probably should not have been a penalty at all — replays showed Alex Morgan was fouled just outside the area and then fell in — but she buried it in the side netting for her third goal in three games.
Un informe publicado recientemente por la Organización de Cooperación y Desarrollo Económico , que maneja los exámenes del programa de evaluación internacional de estudiantes (PISA) — que se aplican cada tres años a una muestra de chicos de 15 años de unos 75 países — ofrece una visión desalentadora de la situación de la enseñanza en el mundo.
THE BAREFOOT LAWYER A Blind Man’s Fight for Justice and Freedom in China By Chen Guangcheng 330 pp.
Other than Judge Wilken, Mr. Kessler, spoke the most of the four main lawyers.
“It must have been built very long ago.
She scurried past the fashion boutiques and made a beeline for (what else) the fish market, artfully stocked with gleaming cuts of salmon, Cajun catfish and tiger prawns.
“As I see it now, I still think that John’s and Yoko’s pure love continues on,” he says.
And she could go through the stations of the coffee ritual, yes, but there would be something weird about demonstrating it for a solitary visitor, something staged and artificial — “it would be like putting on a dashiki,” she says.
the former Christian Dior designer who had fallen from grace (and been fired) thanks to a drug- and alcohol-fueled anti-Semitic rant in a Paris bar.
The only drug used in Georgia executions is pentobarbital.
Even so, there is much here to like and even love.
James Michael McAdoo and Ognjen Kuzmic of the Golden State Warriors have not had starring roles in the N.B.A.
In a way those two approaches complemented each other.
The lending arm, known within G.E.
Last year, confronted by higher-than-allowed test results obtained by researchers at a West Virginia University lab, Volkswagen managers claimed that the differences were the result of flaws in the testing and the way the vehicles were being driven, and kept up the apparent deceit for another year.
Here’s how to do it.
He wore a brace to support a wrist made sore by keyboarding at the piano and laptop, but took it off to conduct or play.
It was unclear if Iranian officials would attempt to block it; the country’s censors have often been unpredictable when it comes to nuclear topics.
Maybe more relevant reporting would be on the thousands of us in the middle class who support Mr. Sanders’s positions, like a $15 per hour minimum wage; access to a college education without crushing debt; overturning the Citizens United decision that allows corporations to buy elections; and taxing the financial transactions of Wall Street speculators.
media guidelines Capital New York – 1/14 Q&A: Amy O’Leary on eight years of navigating digital culture change at The New York Times Nieman Lab – 1/14 L.A. Times hires veteran advertising executive as chief revenue officer The Los Angeles Times – 1/14 BuzzFeed to NME: a publisher’s masterclass in producing online video The Guardian – 1/14 NBC experiments with live mobile video via Breaking News Digiday – 1/15 Facebook restricts violent video clips and photos BBC – 1/13 Facebook Unveils Facebook At Work, Lets Businesses Create Their Own Social Networks TechCrunch – 1/14 HBO has a fight on its hands, if it wants to catch Netflix Quartz – 1/14
Bank of America’s campaign is being run by its general counsel, Gary G. Lynch, and its head of global marketing, Anne M. Finucane, who has labored for years to burnish Mr. Moynihan’s image as a banker willing to work with regulators and community groups to right the wrongs of the financial crisis.
Additional fire sales will aggravate the decline.” Not everyone is convinced a liquidity crisis is upon us.
As he had earlier in the day in Las Vegas, Mr. Trump also brought to the stage Jamiel Shaw Sr., the father of a teenager killed in 2008 by an undocumented immigrant in Los Angeles, to share the story of his son’s death and to endorse Mr. Trump.
Jo Forrest, a Presbyterian minister, performed the ceremony at the Kenilworth Union Church in Kenilworth, Ill.
Mr. Gurley has some rooting interests.
“I was mad, and he had it coming,” which might be the lad’s own truth, doesn’t fly.
Mr. Walker said South Carolinans were among “almost 300,000 donors in the past four years” from all 50 states who contributed to his campaigns for governor in 2010 and 2014 and especially during his high-profile recall election in 2012, which became a cause célèbre on conservative talk radio after Mr. Walker’s contentious battle against public-sector labor unions.
“There are lots of people in transit in very difficult conditions.” The worsening weather does not appear to have deterred the migrants, who are often packed into unseaworthy vessels by smugglers.
From now on I’ll no longer need to work night shifts, be constantly on the alert, hurry to change IV bags, do endless health examinations or work night shifts with a bulging waistline like my pregnant “sisters.” I graduated from nursing school in 2012 and have been working in a provincial, tertiary level-A hospital [a large, top-rated general hospital].
The program ends with a career fair that has landed a handful of vets jobs in television.
Norway’s VG News quoted Mr. Lundestad as writing, among other things, that the 2009 award to President Obama had been intended as a “helping hand” but had failed to live up to the panel’s expectations.
This is supposed to be a film about female bonding and empowering self-discovery, and if you buy the notion that stripping is somehow empowering, it is.
At the same time, industries that wooed Democrats with a significant share of their political donations have steadily shifted more of their giving to Republicans, reflecting not only the country’s broader polarization but also years of bruising battles with the Obama administration and Democrats over issues like financial regulation, the Keystone XL oil pipeline and nutrition guidelines.
In a change from previous debates, the candidates dove into the gritty details of economic plans and entitlement programs, but exchanges grew contentious and political friendships were strained.
Governor’s Comedy Club, 90 Division Avenue.
“The previous government appeared to be a perpetual soap opera,” said Dr. Geoff Robinson, a lecturer in history and politics at Deakin University in Victoria State.
If we do that, we can liberate free enterprise from its present-day shackles.
That makes a difference: The books found in Hitler’s bunker after he shot himself were those he chose to bring there, and so can speak to his state of mind at the end.
Before that he held senior roles in the athletic departments at Brigham Young and Villanova.
He is by far the best Met to have never appeared in the World Series.
“We have no plans to go into music streaming,” a Facebook representative said.
“This is not new to me,” she said.
If you are struggling and hurt but look people in the eye and say you feel fine, you trade credibility for perceived toughness.
Most of these would require congressional action, and Mrs. Clinton vows to use executive action if lawmakers resist.
He stranded two runners in the third inning, striking out Corey Seager, the Dodgers’ budding 21-year-old standout shortstop, on a changeup, then Adrian Gonzalez on a slider.
So curving south from North Carolina to New Orleans, she tasted buttermilk and sorghum and Benton’s bacon, Nashville hot chicken and Cajun boudin, oyster po’ boys and red beans and rice.
Oceanfront Queens: Wanna look like Miami Beach?
(Cotter) Frick Collection: ‘Leighton’s “Flaming June” ’ (through Sept. 6) “Flaming June,” by Frederic Leighton (1830-1896), a masterpiece of Victorian painting, has come to New York for the first time in more than 35 years, for a solo turn at the Frick Collection.
My father went on to become a sole-practice plaintiff’s attorney, and he really saw himself as working for social justice for the little guy, often against big, powerful entities, with 40 attorneys against him.
For the second child, Ms. Hope-Melnick, who said she hoped to become a midwife, delivered at home without much difficulty.
Two men can put up all 39 flags in about 45 minutes.
Both clapped along to the beat of traditional Irish music while Representative Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin, the Republican chairman of the tax-writing Ways and Means Committee, kept time nearby and Representative Joseph Crowley of New York, a Democratic member of the panel, mouthed the words.
“Is not the great American hero occupied at this time with the same detestable business?” Meanwhile, Roosevelt was being serenaded in British East Africa at the “Nairobi Follies.” A Miss Shooter at this event, The Times reported, sang of “ Felis Leo ,” who “lurked in his lonely lair, as African lions do”: “He hunted game in the moonshine bright, With never a thought of harm, But he got quite a fright when there hoved in sight Teddy armed to the teeth with a knife in sheath And a rifle beneath his arm.
Melissa McBride has done incredible work to evince Carol’s emotional complexity even while making her evolution into a stony warrior feel credible.
Schools become prestigious because they reject people — even if they put a lifetime of work into their application.
500 is down 5.5 percent in August, and the Dow is down 5.9 percent.
The flight attendant came by and said, “Thank you so much for helping us out.” If you defuse a situation you will be treated better than a passenger who tries to intervene.
When a group of players — mostly anonymous teenagers trying to win a spot on the team — went through a perfunctory workout on one recent evening, about two dozen fans stood behind mesh fences watching.
But Iraqi officials had emphasized that how and with whom to fight the battle was their decision.
The filing followed a deal struck with most of American Apparel’s secured lenders to reduce the retailer’s debt through a process known as a debt-for-equity conversion, where bondholders swap their debt for shares in the company.
“The evidence is strong and sufficient to proceed,” said Mr. Steele, now first assistant district attorney.
“We are very stressed out.” He said that the police had confiscated the cellphones of the detainees and that consular officials did not know about the detentions for two days.
The best thing about the yacht is free — the satisfaction of having risen to a new challenge and mastered a new move (which is especially difficult if you’re 6’8”!).
In short, they rest far more and perform far better than most of us do.
The album emerged from almost a year of nearly clandestine songwriting followed by brief, productive stints of recording from January to March last year.
And just like at other Nike stores across the country, having your gait analyzed or pants hemmed is just something you can do here.
“I do think this job is a convergence of my skills at a time of historic convergence for cities,” he said.
“My husband trusted him implicitly.” But there was no job, and only a slim connection to Hunter, a college spokesman said: Mr. Bonich had graduated from the school in 1990 with a double major, in Russian and political science.
How many ways can dad be proven wrong?
Approaching the end of his 12 seasons as an N.F.L.
Most now live in and around the city.
Still, his hustle and work rate helped the United States when it was trying to hang on.
A second career soon awaited him — that of national-security guru.
There are numerous battles, all linked to one another, for free speech and Internet freedom that are being fought in the country right now.”
Mondays, Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.
“It was an untouchable area,” gated off and accessible only to local residents, Mr. Wasilewski said.
In some ways it’s maybe a little bit lazy of us.
Mr. Reid said he believed the Supreme Court decision in the Citizens United case that allowed a flood of money from superrich Americans into politics had been a disaster for Congress, even as he acknowledged that he had to adopt some of the same tactics himself to keep Democrats competitive.
Oiji helps take the sting out of Dok Suni’s demise.
Now, all 12 players on each team will still play in the Sunday singles, but as in the Ryder Cup, the captains will have to choose who will sit on the opening days of team play.
In the past 15 years, Balkan governments have expended huge efforts to reduce the levels of crime and corruption.
That’s what I’ve seen work, is when guys feel comfortable coming to work and they’re not micromanaged and there’s someone there they can believe in, they can trust.
Not the emancipation of four million people — Northern Democrats who died on southern battlegrounds, and certainly the Republicans who held power then, get their share of credit for ending the Original Sin of the United States.
Leaking ceilings are dealt with by placing clumps of rags on the floor to absorb water.
And in fact the academy is much more white and male than the population at large.
| There will be no Morning Agenda newsletter on Monday because of the Labor Day holiday.
It can be deployed to help a stroke victim recover certain functions.
“That’s really up to Senator McConnell.
The Minnesota Timberwolves are on the clock.
Dr. Esserman is careful to point out that no one in the trial will receive screening that is less aggressive than the task force guidelines.
(8 p.m. Eastern, Fox) 5.
The police arrested the mother, Rashida Chowdhury , a 21-year-old Bangladeshi immigrant, on charges of second-degree murder.
His charming new book pays tribute — not just lip service — to a child as a writer and artist, in a way that is unusual when adults consider children’s actual ideas.
I have no illusions that saying this obvious stuff will stop the usual suspects from engaging in the usual bogosity.
Actors Temple Theater, 339 West 47th Street, Clinton, 212-239-6200, telecharge.com.
and ceremonial banquets that mark the regular rhythms of aristocratic family life, few television series show more people eating more often.
When the results were announced, a huge sigh of relief could be heard in the mainstream parties’ headquarters, right and left.
Price is 1,524 euros ($1,682) for two.
The Martha Graham Dance Company will celebrate its 90th-anniversary season next year by dancing some of Graham’s most celebrated works, including “Appalachian Spring,” as well as new choreography by Marie Chouinard, Mats Ek, and Pontus Lidberg, the company said Tuesday.
He also listed numerous weaponry that the United States could bring to bear in Asia — though he did not directly link any of it to China — and unveiled a new American effort to help China’s neighbors build up their naval capabilities.
Columbia University owns thousands of antiquities, antiques and paintings, but it has no major display spaces and no comprehensive database.
Pictures of her lined the walls of the new campaign office: “Liberty — it’s Marine!” “Justice — it’s Marine!” “Jobs — it’s Marine!” Le Pen is the ubiquitous face of the National Front, so much so that one of her main tasks now is convincing the French that the party is more than one telegenic woman with a large bullhorn.
That rehabilitation was going well.
He said he would take “a few more bike rides” and “a little more time on the ice before and after practice,” and he will still enjoy one of the best seats in the house for what the team hopes is a long Stanley Cup run.
“It’s a different way of maybe preparing, but certainly not a concern, I don’t think, on our part,” Alderson said.
Adam Lerner, a lifeguard on the North Shore, was just finishing a long shift when he made out the shadow of a body being dragged like driftwood over rapids around Pipeline’s surf.
The Russia-backed separatist forces have escalated the conflict again.
The street, which abuts Washington Square Park, was named (and misspelled) in 1833, a year after Scott’s death, by a petition of its residents, according to “The Street Book,” by Henry Moscow (1978).
Conferences feel necessary, but their purpose is unclear.
I have about 50 records now.
But then I saw “The Blair Witch Project” and looked at other films like “El Mariachi” and “Open Water,” where the filmmakers picked up a video camera and made a movie.
JON HARRISON Poultney, Vt. To the Editor: When the parents of the 8-year-old boy who was killed, Martin Richard, asked for life in prison rather than the death penalty in order to avoid the long, drawn-out and inevitable appeals process, that clinched it for me.
Just the previous week, after the Charlie Hebdo massacre, he likened besmirching a person’s religion to talking trash about someone’s mother, an insult that he said was sure to provoke a punch.
“For God’s sake, if you can do that for Sidney Crosby, you can do that with Jimmy on the left wing on a Squirt ‘A’ team.” Richter is more ambivalent about fighting in hockey.
Bratton courted the city’s black and Latino leadership.
There is nothing much new, in other words, about any of these stories.
He was brilliant, the old Mattingly, hitting for average (.417 for the series) and power.
A form she filled out Dec. 29, 2013, listed no employer over the last five years.
It is inspired by Rachel Boynton’s namesake 2005 documentary , which followed the Clinton associates James Carville and Jeremy Rosner, among others, as they used hardball American-style campaign tactics to re-elect a former Bolivian president, Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada, only to see him resign in the face of violent protests.
The company says that on average it pays between 0.6 cent and 0.84 cent per stream , which many artists have complained is unacceptable.
The field has been dominated for too long by the bloviating “Brexit” camp.
Bon Jovi concerts scheduled for Monday and Tuesday, the band’s first performances in Taiwan in 20 years, were also called off because of the storm, the event’s promoter said on Facebook .
“He knew this was going to be a personal transformation, and you never know what the transformation is going to bring.
WME-IMG executives declined to disclose financial details of the transaction.
“In religious terms, this is a betrayal of the succession of Dalai Lamas in Tibetan Buddhism,” he said.
Duchamp’s alter ego was the cross-dressing Rrose Sélavy — with a last name that, when spoken, echoed the French “c’est la vie,” or “that’s life.” Mr. Seydel’s artistic alias was inspired by his aunt Ruth Greisman — and he used that name.
Even kids averse to reading — and I was one — could get a kick out of the obvious parody in such twice-told tales.
The pieces in the “Torso/Roots” series at Hionas are vertical and narrow and emphasize the phenomenological — conscious, sensory and perceptual — experience of standing before a painting.
— Bridezilla Life (@bridezilla_life) 20 Jan 15
Since 1864, more than 400,000 people have been laid to rest here, with additional burials every weekday.
Viacom said it expected about $175 million in savings in 2015 and continuing annual savings of about $350 million as a result of the restructuring.
“I think you’re really going to like the Hillary Clinton that my team and I have created for this debate,” Ms. McKinnon said, spoofing the candidate as a tightly wound megalomaniac.
Federico Delbonis, Argentina, 6-3, 7-5, 7-5.
Enija Wright was surprised, but excited, to learn that candy is sold on campus.
They worked with slow and heavy 30-year-old Hasselblad film cameras — 12 pictures to a roll — and manual-focus lenses.
But there is no question that the BBC is a huge operation, employing close to 19,000 people and with an annual budget of about £4.8 billion ($7.5 billion).
“Short of someone being on the cellphone, texting, driving on the wrong side of the street, short of drugs or alcohol — I don’t see a criminal offense here,” he said.
Happy should do well, provided users aren’t too stumped, or too embarrassed by some of the no-nonsense bartenders in the city, to start using the service.
Despite his gaudy statistics in the N.F.L., he has been criticized for inconsistent play.
It’s all made by men.
A 13-2 run, with three 3-pointers, helped the Wildcats increase their lead to 30-16 with 3 minutes 31 seconds left in the half.
But the discourtesy grows forgivable on approach: The Amati “King” cello ’s rear side is its most seductive feature, with richly colored paintings — crowns, winged putti, columns, fleurs-de-lis, Justice hoisting a sword — that take on glowing depth beneath the varnish.
I am so proud of him.” But those who questioned whether Stores would develop into a solid scorer were right.
While these were rare in the clinical trials, they seemed to raise the risk of accidental injury, with one woman having a concussion when she fell.
The tour meets at 9:45 a.m. at Fort Hamilton Parkway and 44th Street; 718-339-2302, timelinetouring.com.
Data on land purchases by developers and new construction starts is forecast to continue to show a sharp contraction.
“I’ve bought and lost it three times,” he said.
The number of small businesses listed for sale nationwide is at a six-year high, according to data compiled by BizBuySell.com , an online marketplace.
Family members, friends and mourners with ties to the National Basketball Association were scheduled to arrive in the evening.
The battle continued into this month.
Jessica Martha Schisano, the daughter of Marianna T. Schisano and Richard Schisano of Newburgh, N.Y., was married Saturday evening to Kyle Louis Reidy, a son of Valerie J. Reidy and James M. Reidy of Scarsdale, N.Y.
Mr. Williams’s conflicted relationship with his parents takes up much of his 2000 memoir, “Misgivings: My Mother, My Father, Myself.” After graduating from high school in Maplewood, Mr. Williams enrolled in Bucknell College to play basketball but transferred after a year to the University of Pennsylvania, where he majored in philosophy, then English, and earned a bachelor’s degree in 1959.
Nobody died on the finale of “Parks and Recreation,” except Garry, also known as Jerry (Jim O’Heir), a notary public and Pawnee’s most bumbling bureaucrat: In a flash to the year 2048, Garry dies after celebrating his 100th birthday following many happy years as mayor of Pawnee, surrounded by his gorgeous wife (played by Christie Brinkley), children and grandchildren.
“The breakup could have occurred during an out-of-control descent.” Experts and other commentators in Russia leaned heavily toward mechanical explanations, not a stretch given the dismal safety record of the country’s airline industry.
Next, she moved to London where she penned three rollicking romans à clef about the fashion industry, before leaving that world for good.
How would that be codified in practice?
Michelle Dockery has emerged as a red-carpet favorite in recent years, but Laura Carmichael , who plays Lady Edith, is beginning to give her TV sister some off-screen competition.
Mr. Lurie had known Mr. Goldberg for 16 years and was among the friends with him the day he died.
I thought of how an omniscient intelligence, like the one imagined by the philosopher Pierre-Simon Laplace, could precisely track the trajectories of the balls, the elasticity of their impacts, the buoyancy of the air — a vast amount of data — and predict the outcome of the game.
One of the most outspoken critics of further I.R.S.
HARTFORD Connecticut Commission on Culture and Tourism Gallery “Move: An Exhibition of Artist Fellowship Recipients,” group show.
He said he did not know whether the officer had used it.
The series was shown on public television in the United States.
An acquaintance who overheard the conversation declared that she opposed the bond issue.
Since then, not all has been perfect; he missed about a month with a back injury after sliding headfirst into the boards.
“It was her reputation and her physique and the fact that she is a Grand Slam champion and wins a lot and is a lot bigger than me,” said King, who is 5 feet 5 inches, 130 pounds, to Williams’s 5-9, 150.
“After this moment, I felt like he belonged to me and he’s the only one I can live with for the rest of my life.”
People often ask me how to tell bad taxidermy from good.
“They were accused of meeting and siding with both the Islamic State and the P.K.K.-affiliated group,” Mr. Elci said in a telephone interview from Diyarbakir.
The statement also said Whitlock “will now be entirely focused on what he does best: creating distinctive and compelling content, which will live across various ESPN platforms.” ESPN praised his work building the site’s editorial team.
The Interior Ministry in France said that more than 400 police officers and rescue personnel had been sent to the area.
“It is like a siege on your emotions and your beliefs.” Mr. Aboud seemed to elude the attention of intelligence services.
But Paul’s point still stood.
He joined the Navy in 1942 and served as an intelligence officer ashore and then as a gunnery officer on fast, armed cargo ships.
So you consider them your daughters?
For Mr. Levine’s run, there is a mostly new cast headed by Matthew Polenzani , singing his first Hoffmann at the house, a vocally compelling and emotionally rich account of a challenging role.
The risks of turning someone into a recognizable gay man in Moscow are so high that analogies with outings in America, even those that occurred one quarter century ago, fall short.
is now known as the S.V.R.
It would be 15 inches, not 15 feet, of water.
“Part of the charm of any of these places is the grease and old smoke you can’t get rid of,” Mr. Fadek said.
And he came across as flat and lacking in sophistication in the televised debates.
Or are you always missing a part of yourself?” Mr. Gomes said Ms. Gilot’s painting evoked ideas in him of fragmented feelings and emotions.
One volunteered that he had climbed onto a giant speaker at the Cancún branch and danced furiously, a fact he knows only because witnesses later told him about it.
Another piece consists of a semitransparent billboard, engraved with images of clouds that drift in and out of harmony with those in the atmosphere.
I don’t think so.’’ Senator Charles E. Schumer of New York, who has lobbied the White House and the national committee on behalf of the city, said he had not heard of any concerns about the police protests.
Make it a social thing, because that’s even better for your health than just solving puzzles.
Also last week, the Malaysia Department of Civil Aviation officially called Flight 370 an accident, which should make it easier for victims’ families to start receiving compensation from Malaysia Airlines and its insurers.
Officers from across the country arrived overnight to help the Bavarian police, Mr. Schweikl said.
More than 700 people were sickened in the 1993 outbreak.
“It is not the drug production that generates underdevelopment,” said Antonio Mazzitelli, the head of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime in Mexico.
The groom, 32, is a deputy editor of interactive news at The New York Times.
She looks straight into the camera and smiles, hands on hips, dress suit neatly pressed, lips painted deep red.
Earlier, as mayor of Baltimore, Mr. O’Malley introduced a “zero tolerance” brand of policing, the lingering effects of which are still being felt in the relationship between law enforcement and city’s poor, black neighborhoods.
Donald Trump is older than Hillary Clinton, although of course when we talk about the possibility of a Trump presidency, age is about the 4,353rd topic of concern.
Mr. Fenoli then used his prize money to jump-start his studies at the Fashion Institute of Technology, where he honed his skills as a designer and learned the business.
The war in Syria was past familiar.
But he was very vulnerable to the influence “of someone he loved and respected very much: his older brother,” Ms. Clarke said.
And can someone please empty that garbage can before it overflows?
“This is when you know how bad Milwaukee has gotten.” The police said the shooting had stemmed from a dispute on social media.
Four years ago, the Obama administration supported a similar Security Council resolution that referred the human rights abuses committed by the Libyan leader Muammar el-Qaddafi to the court.
Then, on the appointed morning, they showed up with four dozen bagels — and found a line stretching down the block.
Bruce Cannon, the theater’s artistic director, has revised the script, and a human actor now stars in the show along with the company’s hand-built marionettes.
White House officials said this means the United States will agree to talk even while the fighting continues in South Vietnam, and thus represents a major and unexpected change in U.S. policy.
Mr. Gorham, the founder of Byredo, the cult perfume line based in Stockholm, was in New York to supervise the opening of his store, at 62 Wooster Street, on Tuesday.
Guards on board wait, sometimes for months in decrepit conditions, for their next deployment.
The currency regime offers nothing to consumers facing empty shelves, so devaluation could prove popular, even in the short run.
She’s come to open the house, prettily situated alone on an island several hours north of Toronto, mostly so the writer and director, Ruba Nadda, can point up Helen’s past dependence on James and her current autonomy.
Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern.
So the politicization of the macro debate isn’t some happenstance, it evidently has deep roots.
It has something on what seems to be its front end that resembles a nozzle for a sophisticated vacuum cleaner.
“We feel that this is a minor issue that he’s dealing with,” Cashman said, adding, “I think it will fall in line with the time frame we provided in the outset,” which was about a month.
Jean-Louis Gassée, a former senior executive at Apple, wrote in a blog post on Sunday that the results of two tests from Theranos raised alarms about his health when results for the same tests on the same day from Stanford Hospital did not.
… Place it in a metal foundry.
The dogs, mostly Labradors — a breed chosen for its sociability and physical resilience — emerge from the prisons “more mature mentally,” said Jeanne Brock, a chief instructor at Auburn.
So The Sunday Times here reported over the weekend.
The failure to run a well-organized debate cuts across both parties and all media outlets.
But unlike Tesla’s highway superchargers, the electricity will not be free for Tesla owners.
And revenue in the United States grew 13 percent, not 8 percent, over the same period.
The Great Hall is triple-hung with European paintings encircled by a spirited art-historical Cliff Notes from Egypt to Florence.
“I know it’s a big achievement,” Vonn said.
Mike Huckabee Mr. Huckabee is likely to look for opportunities to discuss his support for Kim Davis , the Kentucky county clerk who refused to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, an issue that may bolster him with religious conservatives.
Takata will continue to supply Honda with other safety equipment, including seatbelts.
Since Arizona leads the league in yards and Carolina leads the league in points, a crowd-pleasing high-scoring contest may occur.
If that ever happens, they can call it anything they want!
People in his building pester him, knocking on his door and running away.
Many Egyptians have long sought work in Libya, their oil-rich neighbor.
Referring to PartnerRe’s stock ticker, PRE, it added, “That the terms of the Axis transaction have improved materially for PRE shareholders, but only after a competing bidder emerged, only underscores the questionability of PartnerRe’s unbroken string of assertions since January that the Axis transaction offers its shareholders the best alternative available.” I.S.S.
As 36 perguntas do estudo estão separadas em três partes, sendo que cada uma busca respostas mais profundas que a anterior.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in Manhattan reversed the convictions last December.
We weren’t even aware they had made a film out of the book, which Wendell had read and enjoyed, so we decided, with sore feet, to take it in.
In response, Nintendo created the original Wii, a console that lacked the best graphics but made up for it with an innovative motion-based controller.
Many had begun the process of registering, waiting for months only to find out they did not have sufficient documentation, no formal birth record.
Racial disparities have been seen on teacher licensing exams for years.
Even as Mr. Obama complains about China’s technology rules, in some ways the regulations show how Beijing and Washington have a similar outlook on electronic communications.
I wish Ms. Dolezal hadn’t either.
And we have spent the better part of our existence getting permitted and approved in the biggest cities and the biggest jurisdictions as well as creating engineering tools that will help predict our building’s behavior in the built environment.
I say well-nigh time for a thank-you and decide to invite everyone for a dinner on the company.
After he fired Todd Richards last week, Kekalainen hired Tortorella because he thought he could get the Blue Jackets to play their best.
South Orange Middle School, 70 N. Ridgewood Road.
Whatever happens, Google can expect to hear a lot more from Mr. Reback.
In 2010, Hillhouse invested $255 million in JD.com.
Scott M. Stringer, the city comptroller, said he believed that Verizon was “in violation of the intent of this agreement.” “We as a city have to hold Verizon to the contract that they agreed on,” Mr. Stringer said.
He killed nine students and three teachers , as well as two workers at a nearby auto dealership and an employee at a local clinic.
But, in the last decade, we entered the post-post-Cold War era.
A lot has changed for Jessie Baylin since the release of her 2012 album, “Little Spark.” For starters, the New Jersey-born singer-songwriter has put down some serious roots in Tennessee with her husband, the Kings of Leon drummer Nathan Followill.
“This is a great and tremendous team,” Cespedes said afterward with help from an interpreter.
8 P.M. (TCM) DESIGN BY GEORGE JENKINS Turner Classic Movies pays tribute to the production designer George C. Jenkins (1908-2007), who won an Oscar for “All the President’s Men,” with five of his most visually arresting films.
But the capital controls also caused pain for businesses.
Auditors who checked on a sample of shelter apartments found a range of health and safety problems, including the presence of mold, cockroaches and mice, as well as peeling paint and missing window screens.
If that bill is passed, it will still be subject to a presidential veto.
Mr. Lovi was posted in front of the office door, the last barrier to Mr. Min’s redoubt.
And they were much worse at typing, being substantially slower and more error prone than the sitting group.
Opponents declared victory, and then in June, a federal court overturned the state’s statutory ban on same-sex marriage.
But Ms. Auerbach went home thinking she would help out for a while and then resume her own business career.
The Mets will open with Bartolo Colon, followed by deGrom and then Harvey, who has been dazzling this spring with a 1.45 E.R.A.
We can see how the Medellín cartel operates, the political conditions within Colombia, the role of the United States in fueling and combating the drug war, and the foundation of a multibillion-dollar rogue empire.
Exactly 40 years ago, I left home.
Brianna Decker led the United States with three goals.
That’s up from just over 18,000 deaths in nearly 10,000 attacks in 2013, it said, largely because of violence in Iraq, Afghanistan and Nigeria.
Just seven months after Hamid Karzai stepped down from the Afghan presidency, leaving a tattered relationship with the Americans, a battered economy and worsening security, Afghanistan already seems to be awash with nostalgia for the former president.
From there it was one-way traffic, with Gyasi Zardes, Aron Johannsson and Omar Gonzalez piling on.
“She had no interest in following her mother as a homemaker, socialite and traditional wife,” Melanie Bourbeau, Hill-Stead’s curator and director of interpretation and programs, said.
But recently proposed versions, including the original bill in Indiana and one that was vetoed by the governor of Arizona in 2014 after a similar uproar, seem intended to authorize discrimination against gay people by businesses, rights groups said.
“He doesn’t understand how to run a sheriff’s department,” Ms. Hennessy, 62, said.
Extravagant expectations do lurk in parts of the market.
Still, in the deposition, Mr. Cosby, 78, described going to some lengths to hide his behavior, blocking a magazine article to avoid publicity and funneling money to one woman through his agent so “Mrs.
Also Wednesday, the Labor Department reported that employers filled more of their available jobs in June, evidence that steady if modest economic growth is putting more Americans to work.
But does Stan really believe the American intelligence services would not leave Nina “to rot in the gulag?” And is he serious about making things right?
With a novel, you can’t usually say, “O.K.
“I can’t be doing as much work as I like to, because I sort of have to go to school as well, play football and be a kid.” Mr. Casey, from Waterford, Ireland, is a software developer.
The younger artists are very far from the line.
The combined company plans to operate under one brand and will announce its new name before the deal closes.
After the explosions, the 18 million pounds of material was gathered and put into 97 separate bunkers to reduce the risk of an ignition setting off a huge fire.
Solid Sound’s indie-rock contingent ranged widely in tone: slithery and puckish, in the form of Mac DeMarco; ragged and rousing, via the Felice Brothers; shimmery and sincere, courtesy of Real Estate.
This was not his colt’s A game on display.
I would put him in between the sectional to muffle his cries.
Last year was also notable for the European Central Bank’s asset quality reviews and stress tests, an in-depth examination of the finances of the eurozone’s biggest lenders.
I am (three POSITIVE Adjectives that describe you).
2 and the American premiere of Maximilian Steinberg’s 40-minute Symphony No.
We rode a bus to Kitty Hawk through the flat, pine-bordered fields of the Currituck Sound, featuring corn, potatoes, sorghum, soybeans and gas stations.
The newspaper reported that one body, which appeared to be that of a tour guide, had been discovered.
A big step toward educating the public about the disorder, while at the same time paying tribute, would be the creation of museums around the world with veterans telling their stories.
It’s mandatory if you’re doing classical training.
Our quiet house on a quiet block in a quiet city brimmed with silence — not a peaceful silence, but a heavy pall.
Mondays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Dazed and in shock, Sasha stood and pushed through the back doors onto the street.
They praised him as a joy to work with: sincere, diligent, humble.
But it was already prominently carved in stone on the outside.
An invasive strip search was done, thousands of dollars were seized and the woman, Min Liu, was soon charged with prostitution.
Related: For more fitness, food and wellness news, “like” our Facebook page .
“If they have a lot of animus toward each other, it impedes the diplomatic give-and-take.” Churchill spent several weeks at the White House bonding with Roosevelt after the attack on Pearl Harbor, a time that Mr. Dallek said helped them form “a kind of comfort zone” that deepened the already strong relationship between the United States and Britain during World War II .
Excessive breading also hampered lasuni dhania murg, a starter of chicken nuggets in a sweet-tart sauce.
Also this year, Blue Bell Creameries, an ice cream producer with plants in Texas, Oklahoma and Alabama, had to recall all its products after 10 people became ill with listeria from eating them.
He also sang an older ballad, “Home,” about visiting his mother, falling back into “the family embrace” and then, after a few days, wanting to escape.
The most common formulation used by New York police officers, as well as by health officials and addiction advocates, is a syringe made by Amphastar that can be used for needle injection or as a nasal spray.
Google Photos mistakes dogs for horses and clocks for hubcaps.
By exposing your children to “The Simpsons.” Let’s samba our way to the Monday puzzle with this hot Santana version of Tito Puente’s 1963 hit, “OYE COMO VA”: Your thoughts?
Their opener is June 8, against Australia in Winnipeg.
said it had found a pattern of severe violations that extended back more than a decade.
Buses from Birzeit returned the next day for a repeat performance, though the presence of so many women changed the dynamic.
However, we will continue our efforts to make the public aware of Joanne Chesimard’s escape and life on the lam and continue to seek her return to New Jersey and justice.” In an email on Wednesday, Mr. Burgos said, “It appears Kean University has taken our concerns into consideration once brought to light.” In an earlier statement, he said, “The selection and invitation of a commencement speaker is not to be taken lightly.” The New Jersey State Police and its unions had previously spoken out against Common after he was invited to the White House for an arts event in 2011.
Milan’s starting lineup was Dida in goal; Cafu, Jaap Stam, Alessandro Nesta and Paolo Maldini in defense; Gennaro Gattuso, Andrea Pirlo and Clarence Seedorf in midfield; and Kaká, Andriy Shevchenko and Hernán Crespo in attack.
Bottom of the ninth, two men on, one out.
The administration also proposes setting up an independent body to monitor the island’s fiscal affairs.
It starts with the greatest of publishers and printers, Aldus Manutius, who lived in the Renaissance.
Though he is listed as having a briefing in the morning and meetings at the White House in the afternoon, his evening, it seems, is clear.
“Unless the Oscars don’t want to be relevant ever,” he added, though that issue may already be settled.
Mr. de Blasio, who can be uneasy with the stilted nature of New York City news conferences, appeared confident and at ease in Iowa, recalling his experience as a caucus captain while working for the 2004 presidential campaign of John Edwards.
Chinese markets began to tumble, with stocks 30 percent off their highs at one point.
What are you working on today?
This interactive show, for ages 3 to 10, also includes a recreated room from the Ottoman period (about 1900), where young archaeologists can dress in costume.
Pick: Buccaneers 49ers (4-10) at Lions (5-9) 1 p.m. Line: Lions by 10.5 Fans of the 49ers grew so frustrated with quarterback Colin Kaepernick that many called for him to benched.
But she said it went great.
He considered a set of commodities and utilities that India subsidizes, including rice, wheat, sugar, fuel, electricity, water, fertilizers and rail travel.
So if one of my daughters happened to be that, of course I would love them.
Religions don’t just ask believers to respect others; rather each soul is worthy of the highest dignity because it radiates divine light.
At the same time, top officials are strongly considering eliminating the term “chokehold” from The Patrol Guide, the department’s internal rulebook, and replacing it with any “pressure on the neck,” said a police official, speaking on the condition of anonymity because the discussions, over a variety of use-of-force policies, had yet to reach any conclusion.
“The Enchanting Jewels of Elizabeth Gage.” Through July 26.
She paired the look with a lacy camisole embroidered with a giant, coiled snake.
It’ll show, but not too often.
There’s growing political support for some sort of paid family leave, and it’s clear that many mothers use it when it’s offered.
“There are clearly problems of communication and flow of information.” Volkswagen has a strong incentive to fix the cars in a way that does not affect performance or fuel economy, to defuse lawsuits from owners complaining that their cars have lost value because of the scandal.
If we professors do not do that, the course is not an induction of eager minds into an enlarging vision.
Del Roscio recognized the well-known visitors coming to the 36-year-old Twombly’s apartment to look at his work.
—Jack Ewing The electric-car maker Tesla Motors will report its first-quarter earnings on Wednesday after the markets close, nearly a week after unveiling plans to go beyond automobiles and enter the energy storage business.
As Forrest shows, Waterloo meant different things to different people.
She is now remembered for the wrong reasons — for being a victim or a monster, depending on whether you take her side or that of her husband, Ted Hughes — and celebrated for show-offy, seemingly autobiographical poems like “Daddy” and “Lady Lazarus,” which don’t display her real gifts.
“The rule is that if Violet can’t put a fork and spoon on the item on the plate and serve herself, it can’t be in the dining room,” he said, referring to Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham, played with much verve by Maggie Smith.
Coach Jason Garrett declined to discuss the specifics of Randle’s absence.
“Chasing Shadows” does do one thing a little differently: It pushes its depiction of the needy male and nurturing female partners well into mother-and-son territory.
He would eke out his entries at night amid the washboards and concrete sinks, the only private space in the camp with light.
On Wednesday, the team turned to another celebrated young pitcher, its ace, Matt Harvey, and he at least pitched well enough to win.
Ms. Wynn, who is the third-largest shareholder, appeared sanguine and poised as the results were announced at a shareholder meeting, aware that the odds had been against her.
Another New York City beachfront, Coney Island, will host a different staple of summertime fun this Saturday: An annual sand-sculpting contest .
She did not want to die.
After a finding by the Investigation Department that two lawyers from a city-subsidized nonprofit group, the Bronx Defenders , appeared in a rap video that endorsed violence against police, the mayor condemned the group, suggesting that its contract with the city could be in peril.
S.&P.’s decision to fight the Justice Department’s case, in part because it was unwilling to admit wrongdoing, thrust the rating agency onto uncharted ground.
The Hartford Funny Bone, 194 Buckland Hills Drive.
Tallinn Music Week Various venues.
“I turned around, and there they were,” the veteran AIDS activist Peter Staley said.
And a conservative alternative failed to win the nomination each time because voters did not unite behind a single champion in the primary fight.
and the gallerist Larry Gagosian.
He is Eric Helgas, not Hilgas.
Mike Piazza was famous for choosing a whole bunch of songs when he played for the Mets.
The Americans believed the weapons came from near Amarah, a city not far from Iran.
I’ve got an overstuffed to­-see list and the certainty that the unexpected will arise.
If you are in the general fire zone, you are causing problems.” In at least five fires over the last month, including one over the weekend, fire aircraft dispatched to drop chemicals or water had to pull back after crews on the ground spotted drones, fearing a collision.
DONNA KENTON New York To the Editor: Let’s not lose sight of the fact that men also find offices too cold, at least those of us who don’t carry a lot of body fat as insulation.
Fentanyl, a painkiller 100 times as powerful as morphine , is synthetic, as is loperamide (Imodium), an antidiarrheal opiate.
How much fidelity do readers require from film adaptations of their beloved books?
Jo Ling Kent and Scott Conroy were married Saturday at the Mountain View Grand Resort in Whitefield, N.H. William M. Gardner, the secretary of state of New Hampshire and a justice of the peace, officiated.
Mikhail D. Prokhorov, the Nets’ owner, will not attend the game at Madison Square Garden on Sunday.
“The Boy Scouts of America deeply appreciates our longstanding relationship with the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints,” said a statement issued on Wednesday by the Scouts’s headquarters in Irving, Tex.
(Reporting by Chris Michaud in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
The field of horses begins the race the way it was done in the old days in England, not out of a starting gate, but walking in a circle as the flag goes up and then comes down.
Letty (Ms. Rodriguez) has amnesia.
Museums and Galleries BEACON Beacon Artists Union “Decade: BAU Celebrates its 10th Anniversary.” Through Feb. 8.
In an interview, Dr. Frieden said he “still views the glass as half full.” While medicines are improving, legal barriers have been lifted and Americans are getting tested, more people with H.I.V.
Mr. Morel said the French government and the city of Paris had to do more to coordinate with humanitarian associations to better “support and assist these people who have been through harrowing migratory journeys.” Scandinavian countries and Britain are more popular destinations for migrants than France, which has very strict asylum procedures.
I can’t wait till the Liberty sales rep calls saying they have a great season subscription for me.
You’re not a lightweight at all, and we can’t wait to see what you’ll do in your next 90 years!
He’s also a shrewd bandleader with a disciplined crew, typically including the saxophonist Justin Robinson.
Or perhaps resilience is a concept supplied by adults, who would like to believe that children will overcome the terrible experiences we foist upon them.
I wish, though, that some were better known.
$2 to $8; members and children under 6, free.
Anthony Davis is on his way to being the league’s best player and may already be there.
ROOM Audiences will know what it feels like to live in a windowless 10-foot-by-10-foot space.
This is partly by necessity: The play’s main character is a young woman who uses a wheelchair, and much of the action occurs as she and others are sitting or lying down.
A lot of moisturizers, they don’t absorb into your skin quickly enough, but this one seeps in right away.
What can students say about the average decade-to-decade temperature change since the late 1970s?
Connecticut (36-1) has already beaten Notre Dame by 18 points this season and South Carolina by 25.
“When we’re like that, few teams can beat us.” This was the teams’ third meeting this season.
If only you could stuff the world into a box — a big cardboard box labeled “The World” — and just carry on around it, dancing naked and painting your nails.
It is not difficult to imagine a future in which any and all executive branch decisions would first be brought before a federal court by whichever state attorneys general object to that policy.
Parents would stand by and allow that?
European leaders decided today they will meet in emergency session Thursday over the migrant crisis after a ship with more than 700 migrants capsized and sank in the Mediterranean.
In his time in the majors, which also included stints with the St. Louis Cardinals and the second Washington Senators franchise late in his career, Minoso, a right-handed batter, had 1,963 hits and 186 home runs.
A story about a polygamous crab is also featured, but as Akpem writes on his site, “consider the lesson within the tale, not only the subject.” For devices with a webcam and Adobe’s Flash Player software (like a laptop), some stories include “augmented reality markers.” These markers are geometric shapes that, when printed out and held up in front of the webcam, reveal characters and other story elements floating on the screen.
Hagelin registered 38 points in 64 games as a rookie, but he has not reached that level since, even though he played in every game this season and 72 games in 2013-14.
This makes it far easier for a relative neophyte like Mr. Corden to get the nod at CBS while women are stuck in a Catch-22: Women can’t prove they can do the job until they get it, and they can’t get it until they prove they can do it.
Singing playfully defiant songs, Ms. McKay’s magical little-girl voice conveyed a poignant sense of loss that underlined how the antiwar movement of the time often expressed itself in deceptively happy music.
Lindsay Holst, the director of digital content, said the difference is stark: “The digital kids are less the weird kids in a cave now.” The Word of the Day and its definitions have been provided by Vocabulary.com and the Visual Thesaurus .
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1968.
Bruce Bennett is 52 and has a bum knee in need of surgery.
Messages on news coverage can be e-mailed to nytnews@nytimes.com or left toll-free at 1-888-NYT-NEWS (1-888-698-6397).
“Music and Movement,” singalong session with musical instruments.
Another provision would allow trucks to pull two 33-foot-long trailers, up from the current federal minimum of two 28-foot-long trailers.
“Or if a ball was leaking, that it wasn’t quite full.” For a quarterback at Tom Brady’s level — for any N.F.L.
(That budget funds state operations until June 30, 2015; he is to propose a 2016 budget on Tuesday.)
They take turns, and the first to 10 wins.
It obliterates executive function in the brain, impairing self-control and scrambling the moral compass.
We looked at each other and we knew it was over then.
“I told my players the turf field is three times bigger than our gym,” Ell said.
NYT » BNP Paribas Profit Rose 18% in First Quarter | The French bank posted net income of just over $1.8 billion on the strength of corporate and investment banking and its dollar-based returns.
On a recent day, volunteers counted nearly a thousand people at the station in their care.
Their marriage provided “true love and support,” Mr. Fedchishin said, as he faced surgeries for the prostate cancer that he has had for seven years.
If it was especially painful that the Yankees were beaten by Martin, a catcher whom they allowed to leave as a free agent after the 2012 season, or that they were stymied for the second time this month by the Long Island native Marcus Stroman, they were most disappointed that the division seemed to be slipping away.
Many people think of dieting as a drastic and rigid change, with a high risk of putting the pounds back on.
“That’s what I mean by stagnation: China doesn’t continue to climb the ladder of prosperity; it stalls,” he said.
Kathleen Arberg, a Supreme Court spokeswoman, said there were also about 20 seats for people to rotate into the room and watch up to five minutes of the proceedings.
In 2001, it entered the eurozone without European, German or other officials raising serious questions about what Athens acknowledged in 2009 were cooked figures.
While Flowers could move into Beatty’s spot, it would be asking a lot of a rookie.
The menu is also similar and includes items offered in New York like tuna tartare and wasabi on a crisp rice cake and scallop gnocchi with black truffle.
The team will return to New York the next day.
At 8 and 10 p.m., Jazz at Kitano, 66 Park Avenue, at 38th Street, 212-885-7000, kitano.com.
For updates throughout the day, like us on Facebook .
Similarly, she leads among moderate voters by a margin of 63 to 23 points.
Mr. Shapiro, a librarian at Yale Law School and editor of “The Yale Book of Quotations,” is a longtime contributor to the Oxford English Dictionary and an indefatigable word sleuth.
“Here, here.” Italian officials, whom olive growers have blamed for reacting too slowly, have divided the affected region into quarantine areas, with the buffer zone extending across the peninsula.
SYLVIE GUILLEM The ballet superstar is about to retire, but not without bidding her fans a dazzling farewell.
Investigators said that about $28,000 had been deposited in an account in Mr. Farook’s name at Web Bank, an online bank based in Utah, in the weeks before the attack.
“These younger guys all complain that it’s too slippery,” said Bogdos, who has maintained the physique of a middleweight boxer.
“That’s Bruce Willis in the passenger seat, Vin Diesel and Matt Damon,” he said, looking at a photo of a mud-splattered Jeep that could have been from “Saving Private Ryan.” Though he’s never met Mr. Zemeckis, he made a doll of him, and paid homage to a moment from “Forrest Gump” in one of his stills.
RIVERHEAD Thirty West Main “August Abstracts,” group show.
“I could close my eyes and throw it behind my back, and I felt like that ball was going to get there,” Duffy said.
Many of the church’s members and leaders were our neighbors, whom we shared food from our gardens with, visited when sick, lent generators in power failures, invited to our home.
But maybe they also thought Congress was better suited to resolve the problem through negotiations and wanted to see if the act of taking the case would suffice to set certain legislative gears in motion.
The anticipated matchup between Odell Beckham Jr., the Giants’ highlight-reel receiver, and Darrelle Revis, the Jets’ premier cornerback, appears increasingly unlikely to occur when the teams meet Sunday at MetLife Stadium.
(Scott) ★ ‘A Most Violent Year’ (R, 2:05) The year is 1981, the violence is more implicit than overt, and J.C. Chandor’s third film is a tough and trenchant portrait of the soul of man under capitalism.
The former Florida governor Jeb Bush’s negative ratings are at 32 percent out of 71 statements checked, a percentage matched by two other Republican contenders, Gov.
There are many more deaths among football players of all ages from indirect trauma, including heatstroke and cardiac arrest, than from such direct trauma as head and spinal-cord injuries.
“He’s skinny, but I’ve worked out with him over the summer, and the boy has heart,” O’Quinn said with Porzingis within listening distance.
Among its best segments is a stretch of Part 2 where Mia Farrow, to whom he was married briefly in the ’60s, describes Sinatra’s struggles with the cultural upheaval of that decade.
Mr. Hall — best known as the television character Dexter , the serial killer you’d most like to have a beer with — is portraying Thomas Newton, a familiar name to Bowie fans.
There are sandwiches made on long rolls, your subs and grinders and cheese steaks.
If he’d said, ‘What did he hit?’ or ‘Was he swinging right?’ that would have been different.
She was happy to be there.
The special House committee on the Benghazi, Libya, attacks now says that Mrs. Clinton might have to appear not once but twice to discuss the attacks and her emails.
Naomi Campbell wore backless chaps.
And I’d become a worse kind of Muslim.
Ryan Gosling plays Stephen Meyers, a strategist who becomes involved with an intern (Evan Rachel Wood) with a powerful father and a secret that could derail Stephen’s career and the Morris campaign.
“Reality Override,” Ren Zi, mixed media.
It is difficult to say which team faces more pressure.
“The answer was not union shops and dealing with shop stewards.
The music industry is gearing up for a change to the way albums are released and charts are compiled.
Opponents and supporters of repeal have been bombarding lawmakers with phone calls and emails, and the governor has been pushing Republicans who support repeal to change their minds, arguing that the measure would provide “no cost savings” to taxpayers.
Reputations grew, and by the end of a four-game sweep of the Chicago Cubs in the N.L.C.S., the three best young pitchers — Matt Harvey, Jacob deGrom and Noah Syndergaard — were declared unhittable.
No, and no, Mr. Merlino responded.
Before long he moved his family to Mexico City, where his illustrations gained a following.
NEW LONDON “Come In,” works by Elizabeth Enders.
And it’s gone now.” In recent weeks, Mr. Guterman founded a group called Save the View Now to challenge the Pierhouse’s height.
Oct. 10 at 8 p.m. $14 to $28.
Immediately, I was blamed in some quarters for killing the pop-up.
I don’t usually hear it in winter because the person is probably practicing with the windows closed.” But, she said, just as she gets excited when iced coffee heralds the return of spring, she also gets excited when she again hears the sound of her neighbor.
If ever we needed another argument for garden preservation, Untermyer Park in Yonkers, N.Y., provides a stunning example.
“While I am humbled by the widespread encouragement of so many and hold in the highest esteem those who serve us in federal office, I know that my head and my heart, my young family’s future, and our unfinished work all remain firmly in the state of California — not Washington, D.C.,” Mr. Newsom said.
She was wearing a blue dress, footless black tights and ballet flats and carrying some papers.
Mint Theater, 311 West 43rd Street, 866-811-4111, minttheater.org.
Moments later, neighbors said they saw a SWAT team and about 20 or 30 officers enter through the open front door of the small apartment building where Mr. Wright lived with a woman and two children.
Crawling, or quadrupedal movement in parkour terms, is one of the fundamentals of the sport and is important for developing the coordination and endurance needed for the flashier moves.
“Certainly he managed to transcend bad taste,” she said, with a drawing style that was deliberately quick and rough but that focused on ideas.
Germany’s DAX surged 1.6 percent, France’s CAC 40 gained 1.7 percent, and Britain’s FTSE 100 added nearly 1 percent.
The drone stops spinning its rotors the moment it senses it’s being held.
This comic-macabre vision of labor and luxury comes from the studio of Mika Rottenberg, a video and installation artist whose work here, “NoNoseKnows,” has become one of the most talked-about — and mobbed — of the Biennale, in a year when the fair’s theme leans heavily on Marx to examine global commerce, suffering and humanity’s future.
| The Vietnam budget carrier VietJet Aviation may hold an initial public offering toward the end of this year, The Wall Street Journal reports.
She said the office did not know when prosecutors would decide whether to file charges against Mr. Cosby.
You can’t go wrong with Jeopardy, and it doesn’t get much easier to create your own personalized version than by using the free Jeopardy Rocks website .
1 and yielded a couple of Grammy nominations.
One Lebanese reporter replied, “You’re impossible.” The public relations officers agreed to have the unit walk across the ridge for effect.
Glenn Close plays Roy’s virtuous sweetheart, whom he left at home out West; Barbara Hershey is the siren who shoots him in the stomach with a silver bullet on his first night in the city.
Amber Wichowsky, an assistant professor of political science at Marquette, said those ads could affect the result, especially in an off-year election like this one, in which turnout will probably be low and some voters might not be well informed.
He added that Seeso was sharing the rights for content with other streaming services and that NBCUniversal would not remove content from other digital outlets where it is also available, such as YouTube, Netflix and Hulu.
The evidence shows that, at the least, he was paid to give speeches during events hosted by Mannatech Inc., telling how the company’s supplements helped him after a 2002 cancer diagnosis.
It makes you wonder whether the global banks are acting like teenagers who find it easier to beg forgiveness than actually change their behavior.
Those substantial hands are the ones that guided the newspaper through an existential crisis in the mid-1970s that was in many ways as urgent as the one facing the Times Company today.
That had climbed to nearly $600,000 by the campaign’s end.
“It reads like she’s working through a logistics problem, but in a literary way.” Ms. Egan, 41, grew up in a bookish household in South Orange, N.J., where her mother played the role of literary drill sergeant.
Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com .
The latest casualties occurred even after the arrival of police reinforcements and a visit by Interior Minister Nourreddine Bedoui to the town of Ghardaia a week ago.
Lukas Lacko of Slovakia outlasted Máximo González, one of Argentina’s best hopes in this tournament after Juan Martín del Potro bowed out because of a wrist injury.
1 A.M. (13) THEATER TALK Theodore S. Chapin, the president and executive director of Rodgers & Hammerstein: An Imagem Company, and Tom Santopietro, the author of “The Sound of Music Story,” look back at the 1959 musical and 1965 film adaptation.
“They should learn what a good tomato looks like,” she said.
He keeps the Union Square office for occasional meetings and has a client base of about 10.
“Our staff’s ability to be gracious is extraordinary and athletic,” Mr. Lipp said.
While hundreds of thousands of people were moved by the opportunity to pray with the pope, he left America with a blessing and his signature request: “Pray for me.” Photo A couple from Ukraine, with their son who has cerebral palsy, spoke of their joys and struggles at the Festival of Families celebration.
But an Alliance official said that there was no formal policy in place and that its staff had no way of tracking Ms. Bonner’s commissions.
And a well-known West Jerusalem dog-walker advertised a new service on Facebook this week, offering to accompany children to school for no charge.
Some chapters have appeared in the ­pages of National Geographic, where Bourne is a contributing writer.
The result was a mash of Mets history, medical references and, of course, a motto.
Derek Watkins pitched in with a gorgeous map.
The work was done in watercolor?
More than anything, Christie wanted to break the hold of the entrenched teachers’ unions.
Her voice, which played from a quarter-size record hidden in Barbie’s torso, was lilting and vapid.
“You want to do my laundry?” “Well, I have to do mine as well — —” I paused to wonder if there was something creepy about this.
With just one weighing you are never going to be able to tell which bag was which.
Goodall knows its every sound — the call of every bird and whether a distant rustle of leaves is a chimp above, a baboon below or just the wind — and she enjoyed telling me stories about animals and men and what fools the former can make of the latter.
“You want to get noticed.
The company’s director, Elizabeth LeCompte, said the idea for the series had begun when she decided she was finally ready to tackle a production of “The Room,” Pinter’s first play, which a longtime company member, Scott Renderer, had been championing for two decades.
But the new papers conclude that the genetic markers should be central in diagnosis and prognosis, rather than complementary.
If Amazon achieved the kind of domination it was striving for, the results would be worth it.
“But who knows who did it?” In Saudi Arabia on Sunday, Dr. Naik was given the King Faisal International Prize for service to Islam by the King Faisal Foundation, a research institute in Riyadh.
And then we were disappointed that he did not respond to questions about her performance, especially after the C.D.C.
While it is hard to gauge their numbers, the latest round of clashes is a sign of the extremists’ growing potency.
To get big military deals, however, Airbus would need sway with officials in Washington, where large American contractors rank among the most powerful business lobbying groups.
I remember he was actually very proud.
In addition, repeated exposure during pregnancy can “adversely affect the developing fetus,” according to the agency.
“Is this a case of bullying us because we can’t go on Twitter?” But a few commenters seemed unfazed by Mrs. Kirchner’s effort at humor at the expense of Chinese accents.
The company is spending huge amounts to replicate its success in the United States across the world, but it faces stiff competition and skeptical regulators.
Two years later, he founded Quirky.
That was a huge blow.
“I’m not sure how much I’ll be able to accomplish today,” he said of his trip to the museum, the 299th he has visited since starting his Connecticut Museum Quest website in 2006.
The larger question is one that journalists have been forced to think hard about for many years.
Not just a bit different — like the variations in belief between Jews and Catholics — but completely different.
days,” the message read in part, beside a photograph of a bushy-haired Mr. de Blasio, staring vacantly, with his shirt partially unbuttoned.
She came out smiling in 1990s Spice Girls style, with a long ponytail, a headset microphone, white pants and a navel-baring bustier that read, “it’s all so simple.” And she pranced through dance routines that Madonna might recognize.
Her father is a pediatric pulmonologist and the chief medical officer for Cook Children’s Health Care System in Fort Worth.
In 1974, he began to take lithium, a common medication used for manic depression, which he admitted modified his extremes.
David Bowie recently spent two years in secret there for his album “The Next Day,” and Dave Grohl of the Foo Fighters featured the Magic Shop in “ Sonic Highways ,” his musical travelogue series for HBO.
A month later, the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra, which ended its own divisive lockout earlier this season, will return to Carnegie with its mighty chorus.
When he subsequently inserted mesh stents three times to remove blockages from her arteries, she never questioned the procedures.
Until now, “there’s never been enough milk in one place to be able to do it,” Ms. Medo said.
At many mountains, the expert terrain is concentrated in the higher reaches, but Highlands has plenty of challenging trails on its lower slopes too.
Embodied with gymnastic virtuosity and mercifully little sugar by the adult actress Phoebe Thomas, she is the title character of “Jacqueline Wilson’s Hetty Feather,” adapted by Emma Reeves from Ms. Wilson’s popular children’s book.
I learned about it when I stopped into S’Hort de Cartoixa, a jewel box of a grocery store featuring organic tomatoes and spinach, and a wide selection of Majorcan goods.
너무나 오랫동안, 계량적 분석은 마치 그 데이터가 통계학자를 사랑하는 전능한 이로부터 넘겨받은 완벽한 것인 양 이루어졌다.
Iwata, the first man to post a 63 in a major since Jason Dufner did so in the second round of the 2013 P.G.A.
The man’s wife, Elisa McHam, 50, was arrested and charged.
Whether the characters, as instructed by the “teacher,” succeed in the goal of getting to the core of their being (“You have come here to meet yourself,” he says during one of his talks), they certainly open themselves up to us, thanks to the beautifully transparent performances of the cast.
Its first single, “Hello,” featuring Adele’s powerfully emotive voice over spare piano chords, broke download and video-streaming records last month.
With life expectancies on the rise, the Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service last year approved the inclusion of longevity policies in 401(k) and I.R.A.
In response to the situation, Lumber Liquidators has offered free air testing to consumers.
Despite the cost, they are the most popular option.
Thus, on April 22, a ­yellow-green cloud of chlorine gas billowed toward the French and Canadian positions near Ypres.
Each of those players helped the Royals sweep their opening series against the Chicago White Sox.
Later there was Google search, which was a different way of doing advertising, by focusing more on data.
Again, the United States had a little luck; Julie Johnston, who had commited the foul that conceded the penalty, could have been red-carded on the play but was not.
That may be just as well, because among his current studies are the unusual lower limbs of the crocodile.
Children on his lover’s street tell him when her husband is away and pass on his letters.
First Lt. Colleen McFadden said the Marine was from the 1st Marine Division, and the person’s name would not be released until 24 hours after relatives were notified.
“Seeing the empty shelves where they once had a giant collection of DVDs of experimental films and archives of their printed materials was shocking,” said Shelly Kraicer, a movie critic and festival programmer of Chinese cinema who visited the site last last year.
The WMUR Granite State poll found that 42 percent of likely Democratic primary voters said they would vote for Mrs. Clinton, while 36 percent said they supported Mr. Sanders.
Genetics probably has much more do with the development of varicose veins than the sitting position, Dr. Schneider said, adding, “You’re at greater risk of developing them if other family members also have them.” Anything that increases pressure within the veins combines with the existing vein problem to cause pooling of blood and bulging of the vein walls to form what are called varicosities, he said.
“The difference in the health of ART babies compared with those naturally conceived has declined substantially,” she said.
“With his rare talents for playing a very heavy game, he can intimidate you with his speed, his skill and his talent.” All of those were on display in Game 1, which appeared to be headed to overtime, tied at a goal apiece.
Con Ed surrendered the license and agreed to fund the Hudson River Foundation: an organization created to support scientific research on the river.
“This includes prices on fuel, but also electricity and water, since most water in the region is desalinated by burning fossil fuels.
Donald J. Trump officially accepted the Republican party's nomination on July 22.
It also confirmed that the church did not consider same-sex unions to be part of “God’s plan for marriage and the family.” Marianne Duddy-Burke, executive director of DignityUSA, an organization of gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender Catholics, said the document was “deeply disappointing,” blocking “civil and moral equality for our community.” The widely diverging interpretations spoke to the church’s concerted attempt to present a united front after intense deliberations that revealed profound divisions among the prelates.
And so starting in 2003, with the approval of Fidel Castro, Mr. Chávez instituted the Missions, staffed with Cuban personnel who — through medical care, education and home construction — bettered the lives of many Venezuelans.
And that selling continued on Tuesday, with its Hong Kong-listed shares falling 29 percent.
We pack parts that include axles, wheels and wheel guards, wheelbarrow legs, braces and assembly instructions, for multiple styles within the brands.
This cumbersome sentence should probably be broken up.
This forced the government to close the banks for fear of extended bank runs.
Courses were often built as part of luxury housing developments to increase land values and attract rich property investors.
The bills that have attracted the support of the small group of Democrats have included ones that provide tax cuts; support the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline; and change the ways the Environmental Protection Agency and other federal agencies study and approve regulations.
In the Army, Mr. Braren made training movies for Walter Reed Army Medical Center.
I’ve talked to Republicans and Democrats about that.
The Cubs’ 1979 Cy Young winner, Bruce Sutter, would go on to close out the 1982 World Series title for the Cardinals, just as current Cubs reliever Jason Motte did for St. Louis in 2011.
But Obamacare has had more limited success in attracting higher-income Americans into the new markets.
We were all laughing, but the guide was not.
But Mr. Ramos had no such praise when he later interviewed the president in Nashville, only questions about why Mr. Obama had long said he lacked the power to act.
Every loving couple & family deserves to be recognized & treated equally under the law across our nation.
No one has an incentive to slow down the money-go-round.
So if there is no inflation adjustment in Social Security, their Medicare premiums would not increase.
agreed to pay $765 million to former players, some of whom had claimed that the league hid the dangers of concussions from them.
The theme of the fair, which will run May through October just outside Milan, is food — feeding the planet (an estimated nine billion people by 2050) — which is a first for a world’s fair.
It is a virtual currency the I.M.F.
It is time for all of us to say this is not justice, but a justification for sanctioned murder.
One portrait is called “Shorty, I’m there for you anytime you need me.
Just this week, Deutsche Bank said its co-chief executives, Anshu Jain and Jürgen Fitschen , would resign, as that bank also faced pressure from investors and rising legal and regulatory costs.
A pretrial motion filed by G. Robert Gage Jr. and Christopher P. Conniff, the lawyers for Mr. Skelos and his son, seems to suggest that part of their defense could be that the senator’s son made “admittedly false or seriously exaggerated statements to his employer” about what his father was doing on the company’s behalf.
Fur traders gather here each March and April with stacks of pelts of the karakul breed of sheep purchased from shepherds across the countryside.
“I couldn’t believe he was coming in that year,” Hayes said.
Unmoved, the man unleashed a volley of bullets as Mr. Sanders moved to try to protect his aunt, who sat nearby.
“I feel blessed,” he said.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel plans to travel to Russia next week for talks with President Vladimir V. Putin about the stationing of Russian forces in Syria, Mr. Netanyahu’s office said in a statement on Wednesday.
Overnight guests include a mix of visiting parents of Brown University and Rhode Island School of Design students (the Dean’s name pays homage to both nearby institutions), as well as touring musicians, businesspeople and food and architecture buffs.
But far from rebuking its ally for ignoring this advice, the United States is providing logistical, intelligence and moral support for the Saudi air campaign.
At 8 p.m., Carnegie Hall, 212-247-7800, carnegiehall.org.
“We need to be able to guarantee the provision of essential security and services,” the gallery said in a statement in an article in The Guardian in July, when these changes were first proposed.
“If it does injure somebody, you could get sued.” As silly as it might sound, consider shoveling the snow into a bucket — or, ideally, a larger container like a plastic garden tub — and, as you suggested, let it melt in the shower.
Sources: Taylor Peirce Pension File, National Archives; Richard L. Kiper, ed., “Dear Catharine, Dear Taylor: The Civil War Letters of a Union Soldier and His Wife”; James Mohr, ed., “The Cormany Diaries: A Northern Family in the Civil War”; letter from an unidentified 15th Corps soldier, July 4, 1865, Carol M. Newman Library, Special Collections, Virginia Polytechnic Institute; letter from an unidentified soldier to Mary Ashley, May 7, 1865, Carol M. Newman Library, Special Collections, Virginia Polytechnic Institute; Brian Matthew Jordan, “Marching Home: Union Veterans and Their Unending Civil War.” Brian Matthew Jordan is the book review editor for The Civil War Monitor.
If the law accounted for the value of naming rights, it would encourage a culture of competitive philanthropy.
Not really, any more than we want our divorce lawyers to be as friendly as puppies.
Eisenstein stayed in Los Angeles for six months in 1930; Brecht, fleeing Nazi Germany, was there from 1941 to 1947.
In fact, look for that.
Julian Clemente sits at a laptop in a 3-D printing class at the Rye Arts Center, using the track pad to design a geometric container.
tournament appearances and all of those rebounds mean to Thompson, she abandoned her soft-spoken ways during an interview only when she discussed what her college experience meant to her.
Big agricultural interests oppose treating groundwater and surface water as connected, writes Mr. Lustgarten.
It was both a boast and a summation, a signal that a band had a live sound worth preserving, an enthusiastic audience and a repertoire substantial enough to revisit.
But after taking over the W.H.O., Dr. Chan took a far more cautious approach on Ebola, leaving it to her African regional office to work with local government officials who were nervous about ringing the alarm.
“We can’t have that happen.” “What the three defendants did was selfish and reckless,” the judge added.
They never seemed to have an All-Star.
Ralph Neas, a family spokesman, confirmed the death.
Singapore started collecting Southeast Asian art soon after becoming an independent state in 1965, which it achieved after British colonialism, Japanese wartime occupation and an uneasy two-year stint as part of Malaysia.
Most texts in the exhibition are about the Eucharist but often contained calendars showing harvesting, hunting and food preparation.
Banks can increase their pool of capital by raising more money from investors or holding onto profits, but doing so generally costs money and reduces profits accruing to shareholders, which typically include employees of the bank.
Investigators determined that an Amtrak train was traveling at 106 miles per hour — more than twice the speed limit — when it derailed in Philadelphia on Tuesday night, killing eight people and injuring dozens more.
Adam Annen, a spokesman for HomeAway , said the site promoted MyLodgeTax to listing owners, to encourage compliance with local tax laws.
But last night, I needed a piece that was a 1-inch by 4-inch slope, and I needed it in dark red.
Mr. Hou’s interest in the movie past is evident in frequent acts of homage — “ Café Lumière ,” for example, is, among other things, a loving and gently critical meditation on the legacy of the Japanese director Yasujiro Ozu — and here he joins a growing list of filmmakers embracing wuxia , the medieval sword-fighting genre that is in many ways a Chinese analog of the American western.
In order to protect Armwood from the increasingly hostile crowd, state police transferred him to Baltimore.
“I’d ask for a pinch-hitter,” McCann said.
There was a bell rigged from their apartment down to the store and as Selma’s father finished dinner, her sister Pearl would ring the bell for warning, and Bucky would dash off.
A marketer fearmonger replaced him.
Last week, Qaeda militants stormed of Al-Mukalla, the country’s fifth largest city, emptying the central bank branch and freeing hundreds of inmates from the local prison.
In an interview broadcast on the private TVN station, Mr. Andreev also said: “Polish policy led to the disaster in September 1939, because during the 1930s Poland repeatedly blocked the formation of a coalition against Hitler’s Germany.
He tangled with the Nixon administration over busing, civil rights and other issues, skirmishes that led to his resignation as chairman of the Civil Rights Commission.
Andrew Edlin Gallery, 134 10th Avenue, near 18th Street, Chelsea, 212-206-9723, edlingallery.com.
Ajla Tomljanovic beat Monica Puig, 7-6 (4), 5-7, 7-6 (7), and will face Hantuchova in Sunday’s final.
And before the vote, the former energy minister, Panagiotis Lafazanis, who heads Syriza’s radical Left Platform, took the first step toward breaking away.
She drives 12 miles to work each day instead.
The issue of the detained and missing Americans has taken on increased importance after the nuclear agreement, which Congress will now review for the next two months.
SLEEPY HOLLOW Hudson Valley Writers’ Center R. D. Rosen reads from his book “Such Good Girls: The Journey of the Holocaust’s Hidden Child Survivors.” May 3 at 4:30 p.m. $5.
Part of the explanation is that new parties are not yet associated with corruption.
The report cited poor ventilation, gas masks that did not function, the absence of gas sensors and rescue chambers, and the presence of overly flammable equipment, among other lapses.
They could return him to the “Nightly News” anchor chair he was forced to vacate in February for exaggerating a war story.
The recordings were made on Feb. 19 and 20.
That essay planted Wolfe’s flag on the social and realist turf he believed the novel had long since foolishly abandoned.
The text of the nursery rhyme is woven throughout in a font designed by the artist Rirkrit Tiravanija , injecting a note of humor and, according to Hoffmann, “removing all traces of vanity that a book showcasing one’s collection could entail.” “This Is The House That Jack Built” plays down Hoffmann’s actual houses while (like the nursery rhyme) conveying the centrality of the idea of home, yet one is struck by the breathtakingly original interiors furnished with the best examples of 20th-century design.
Around the time Mr. Kish joined in 2005, Panera became one of the first national chain restaurants to stop serving poultry raised with antibiotics, which is believed to lead to antibiotic resistance in humans.
A legislative response by Republicans on Capitol Hill has stalled out.
Most locals seem hesitant to comment on Trump’s character, as if torn between wanting to voice their derision and express begrudging gratitude for the investment he has plowed into the region.
Ms. Gilbert, who lived in Mill Valley, Calif., is also survived by her partner, Ms. Korones, who was her manager and business partner for many years.
The decision was a good example of judicial craft, closely reasoned and carefully written.
Van Halen’s arena return is an infusion of ridiculous decadence in a rock climate that only pretended to outgrow it.
Carlyle noted, however, that its ownership stakes in its various strategies vary.
Sweat, whose escape has touched off a huge manhunt involving hundreds of law enforcement officials following leads starting in this small village in the North Country, stretching to the borders of Canada and Mexico, and on Saturday reaching Friendship, in New York’s Allegany County.
“ ‘Yoga’ is a little intense for the ‘Whistler’ guy,” Ms. Harvison said.
production will fall in 2016 if prices stay at these levels.”
Perhaps they would then demolish it and build in its place institutions for learning and for healthcare as symbols of peace and charity.
He halted waterboarding and other torture techniques, emptied secret overseas C.I.A.
Witness one hilarious, seemingly allegorical scene of a girl’s poetry recital in “Pigeon.” The teacher asks one prodding question after another about the poem, until finally, there’s nothing left for her to perform.
Dish Network, which is not currently in the wireless business but is expected to enter it, is not the first large company to find a way to claim such benefits.
And many lawmakers from both sides fear a backlash from their constituents similar to the one after the enactment of the North American Free Trade Agreement in 1993.
Where do I locate my next meal anywhere?
Then Francis — Francis Greenburger of Time Equities — changed it.
It isn’t really even finished.
Chief Visalli said he did not know whether permits had been issued for the work.
Together, they appear as inevitable deaths that result from a series of truly tragic American flaws: a system of justice that does not serve populations in need of protection; law enforcement that allows police officers to be a threat to those they are sworn to protect; and inequalities of education and opportunity that ensure the racial divide will continue.
“Blurred Lines” has sold 7.3 million copies in the United States, and Richard S. Busch, the Gaye family’s lawyer, claimed in his opening statement that the song had earned at least $30 million in profit — a figure Mr. Thicke’s lawyers disputed.
Follow Lens on Facebook and Twitter .
Of the emails now being scrutinized by the F.B.I., the most is known about the one sent to Mrs. Clinton in April 2011 about the worsening condition in Libya.
George E. Pataki of New York, former Gov.
“It is not a face-time organization,” said Bernard Mourad, a former Morgan Stanley investment banker who recently joined Altice to run the group’s nascent media business, which includes the French newspaper Libération, the magazines L’Express and L’Expansion, as well as i24, an Israeli television station.
So it was on Wednesday, when the square’s potted foliage provided the scenery, and European composers collaborated with Manhattan traffic on the score.
But these days the idea of a “favorite” doesn’t exist, because I’m looking for things I almost don’t like or can’t fully understand, for example Karl Ove Knausgaard’s book about angels, “A Time for Everything.” My favorite book-I-could-bear-to-read-only-half-of?
“Full transparency of fees and conflicts of interest is critical in the private equity industry and we will continue taking action against advisers that do not adequately disclose their fees and expenses, as Blackstone did here,” said Andrew J. Ceresney, director of the S.E.C.’s division of enforcement.
Though it has been repopulated by Armenians and partly rebuilt — check out the new, virtually mint-condition State Museum of Visual Arts, just 300 dram — countless traditional stone homes were destroyed in the war; their ruins dot the city.
“We are stunned.” The baritone sang at the prestigious Bayreuth Festival last year and was expected to perform there again in August.
This week, the stoic Belichick responded in a spirited fashion, at least for him, when asked about the Ravens’ 2-1 playoff record against the Patriots.
The Ebony Society asked more than 20 artists to interpret the events and effects of the Great Migration, and their works are on display at this show commemorating Black History Month.
“If I didn’t come, they wouldn’t have come,” Ell said of her players.
AMC, which operates 348 theaters with about 5,000 screens, primarily in the United States, was acquired by the Dalian Wanda Group of China for about $2.6 billion in 2012.
(One that he’ll be returning to soon .)
The error also appeared in a picture caption with the continuation of the article.
Some of life’s greatest pleasures teeter on the near side of wretchedness: Brontë novels, floral scents with fecal base notes, Beethoven’s “Moonlight” Sonata, Monica Vitti’s face in profile.
Boko Haram and regional leaders have been engaged in intensifying propaganda exchanges over the group’s strength.
The airline restored those miles, secured the accounts and, in addition to other steps, changed its log-in process, which now requires members to use their frequent flier account number instead of a generic user name unrelated to their United account, he said.
NEW CANAAN Carriage Barn Arts Center The 38th annual Members’ Show.
Under pressure from regional and Western leaders seeking to avoid greater turmoil, Burundi’s government postponed the presidential election twice.
The first pair to show up, perhaps out of anxiety, are newbies to these rites.
The book was banned in Communist countries, including Poland, meaning that it could not legally be read in Gdansk, the city where it was set.
Another described a recent study of the insidious effects of a 24/7 work culture on families, and especially on women’s career prospects.
But this is an age of direct communication and transparency, of selfie sticks and presidential tweets, of the consumer-as-partner and Facebook friend, of D.I.Y.
And that led to us to building, in Harald’s living room, the microscope I’d envisioned while pushing my baby’s stroller — PALM.
Yells, grunts, swords in faces, visceral spurts on the lens.
It plays the Portland Thorns.
She graduated from Wellesley College in 1955, and later served as a trustee of the college and helped establish the Susan and Donald Newhouse Center for the Humanities there.
During an exhibition preview, Jennifer B. Lee, a curator at the library, pulled the black camera out of a leather case that smelled of tobacco smoke and incense.
“The only thing left is human sacrifice,” Collins said after the game.
Mr. Scarborough, who pleaded guilty and resigned in May, was ordered to pay $54,355 in federal penalties and forfeit the same amount to the state.
“People in this area are paying two and a half or three times that.
What happens, for example, if the person giving the toast doesn’t like the person marrying her closest confidante?
Monica Vernon, a Democrat running in Iowa’s northeast district, reported receiving $300,000 , including $110,000 of her own money, but she spent exactly $10,526 during the first quarter.
“Era el momento de explorar al personaje, humanizarlo y ‘descanonizar’ esos valores que supuestamente representaba: la falta de ambición y esos ridículos mitos que se habían construido en torno suyo”, expresó recientemente Love, actriz y músico, por teléfono.
president, said he expects voting to begin next week and to take several days.
(The original series ended in 1975.)
She contemplated cutting her trip short as she navigated the divide between her old and new worlds.
The New York council has had no official response from headquarters.
‘‘The government loves its rules, so many pointless rules that just slow everything down,’’ said Torres, who was raised in neighboring St. Bernard Parish, where his family ran the political machine for decades.
Rather than uniting the country in the face of terrorism, the attack has only amplified the rancor of a deeply polarized society.
DealBook » Bond Investors Prepare for Big Deals | Investors and bankers are anticipating another wave of big corporate-debt sales this year, as companies rush to sell debt while rates stay low, The Wall Street Journal writes.
He was lost without her.
It was his first race in Europe this year as he prepares for the world championships in August in Beijing.
In all, this second cache of emails that Mrs. Clinton sent and received during 2009 and parts of 2010, released by the State Department by court order, added 1,356 new tiles to the mosaic of her tenure in President Obama’s cabinet.
(Neil Genzlinger) ‘The Imitation Game’ (PG-13, 1:54) Benedict Cumberbatch plays Alan Turing, the British mathematician whose research paved the way for modern computing and whose code-breaking work during World War II contributed to the defeat of Germany, in this well-made, by-the-numbers biopic.
They range from about seven to nine centimeters in length.
In 1988 it was reported that the police had received an anonymous letter containing new information about a possible suspect, but no arrest followed.
At 7 p.m., McNally Jackson, 52 Prince Street, between Lafayette and Mulberry Streets, SoHo, 212-274-1160, mcnallyjackson.com; free.
Both venues will have live D.J.
The average salary at Gravity is $48,000 a year.
His magnetic resonance imaging test Sunday revealed no ligament damage: just a muscle strain behind his knee.
But there were strange things happening at the same time: Bush declared war, so the only time I was nominated, the red carpet was skipped .
But we are not supposed to only preach.
“In general, Russians are very skeptical about themselves and their ability to create something good,” said Mr. Martynov of YotaPhone.
Still, the overhaul will not fulfill one of the most urgent requests of hostages’ families: that the White House name a single, senior-level coordinator — or “hostage czar” — accountable to the president, with primary responsibility across the federal government for freeing American captives.
“Honestly, I don’t know what to say,” Bouchard said.
Another, Wesley Morris, left last month to join The New York Times.
The legislative branch influences the evolution of our democracy, and the papers of its members explain how it happened.
The fact that the case ended up in court is rare; the viciousness it represents is not.
When you use the Dictation feature of OS X , your spoken words are recorded and uploaded to Apple’s servers for translation — and return as the typed text you see on screen.
I’d rather have dinner with him when he’s not the president, and then I could hear all the juicy stuff.
But we certainly did not want for astonishing beauty.
for their formal name, which translates as air-landing troops.
The Lenin statue, he said, was long gone from the town’s Red Square.
Residents reached by phone said that a general atmosphere of fear had settled over the city.
“The minute you doubt, you fall,” said the designer, whose doubt-free collection of jackets, some sleeveless, and coats came equipped with utility straps and carabiners used as belt fasteners, as though urban streets were the Dawn Wall at Yosemite.
“I never felt treated like a piece of crap in any other warehouse but this one,” said one worker.
At 3-3, he made a few errors off the forehand side to lose his serve at love.
Half were put on drugs immediately, and the other half were not until their counts reached 350 or they had an AIDS-related event, such as a disease that normally becomes serious only in the immune-suppressed.
He had tried 17 times, including three attempts from the pole position, and had only a second, a third and a fifth place to show for it.
It was nighttime, and I couldn’t stay awake any longer.” Don’t misunderstand.
Private equity firms, which last year pushed hard to take many of their companies public and begin reaping returns on their investments, also slowed their pace during the quarter.
Comments on editorials may be e-mailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.
Bashir Ahmad Shakir, a provincial council member, said the death toll could be up to 30 with as many as 60 wounded.
To the Editor: Re “ Los Angeles Plan to Reshape the Streetscape Sets Off Fears of Gridlock ” (news article, Sept. 8): Los Angeles’ Mobility 2035 plan shouldn’t be feared by residents.
Micromax, which owns the second-largest share of the Indian market after Samsung, is already adapting to the Chinese invasion, holding online-only sales and making some phone models Internet exclusive.
“It’s the best defense I’ve ever seen her play in this league,” Laimbeer said.
“You could feel the animating spirit of the artist inside the house,” said Ben Gerson, the president of the Henry Varnum Poor Foundation.
“My players are depressed,” said Montenegro Coach Branko Brnovic.
That’s why enterprises like M-KOPA are so important: They help to bridge the divide between the global rich and global poor in a low-carbon way.
This phenomenon is real, and not to be scoffed at, particularly for someone in a service job.
Paul Dano and John Cusack give a remarkable composite performance as Wilson at two pivotal moments: in the mid-60s, when he recorded “Pet Sounds,” one of the great pop albums of the era; and 20 years later, when Melinda Ledbetter (Elizabeth Banks), who would become his second wife, helped free him from the influence of his psychologist, Eugene Landy (Paul Giamatti).
J. C. C. of Greater New Haven, 360 Amity Road.
“It’s my favorite fair and normally it’s the most successful,” the dealer Paul Kasmin said.
All were being turned over to Italian authorities.
Sundays through Wednesdays, 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Thursdays, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays, 8 a.m. to 11 p.m. Bean Runner Cafe, 201 South Division Street.
Those events and this year’s mass dying were in mid to late May.
If your neighbors are silly enough (or wealthy enough) to underwrite for-profit concerns, more power to them.
Readers discuss Frank Bruni’s criticism of “self-segregation” on diverse campuses.
“Conflating something done in a small series into larger production units — that is the challenge,” said Karl-Friedrich Scheufele, co-president of Chopard.
Jack O’Kane, currently a parochial vicar in Hillsborough, N.J., said that should the Vatican come down hard, many people would be “shaken, and confused.” “You come here and see all this goodness,” he said, “and if it isn’t approved, people will ask why.” Marinko Sakota, the Franciscan friar who is the parish priest of the local church, St. James the Apostle, said that Medjugorje was a profound experience that went beyond the visionaries.
Our imputation scheme does require stability of PM10/PM2.5 to TSPs ratios over time.
The investment firm tried, for example, to claim responsibility for the pending spinoff of a performance chemicals division, but DuPont said that the move had been in the works “well before” Mr. Peltz’s involvement.
An earlier inquiry, published last August , found that gangs of men, mostly of Pakistani descent, many of them taxi drivers, had gradually seduced girls, many of them white, for years.
A condition to be pitied, and quickly corrected by a sprint to City Hall.
Forcing Greece and Germany to coexist in a currency union will always be an exercise in smoke and mirrors.
Was this based on the lives of people you knew?
He’s always saying, ‘Can I have the chicken, can I have the chicken?’ ” The grandmother who makes the rice and beans — a great-grandmother, actually — was visible through Casa Adela’s window, with its gold script proclaiming “Authentic Puerto Rican Cuisine Since 1976.” She is Adela Ferguson, 79, and she was checking the timer on a 1950s-era rotisserie oven, with eight whole chickens, golden and peppery spices flecking the crisping skin as they rotated slowly — seven more minutes until perfection.
On Friday, for example, the Office of Management and Budget announced new steps that agencies must take to secure their networks as part of a “30-Day Cybersecurity Sprint” ordered by the government’s chief information officer.
When Argentina moved the ball fast to the right, back rower Juan Martín Fernández Lobbe nonchalantly picked a poor pass off his toes and unloaded a long pass that put wing Santiago Cordero into space.
But all of that work was voluntary, and he continued to support himself on his deli wages.
Mr. Hernández García was ensnared by an enforcement program known as Secure Communities , which connected local and state police departments across the country with federal immigration enforcement.
Without Medicare, I would be bankrupt and probably dead by now.
He reserved more criticism for Deutsche Bank, which had had a long relationship with Mr. Murdock and appeared to openly favor him before the merger.
But support for sanctions has weakened in many European countries, including Italy, and Mr. Putin has sought to exploit the political divisions and nurture bilateral alliances, especially with countries on Europe’s periphery.
Today, Itaboraí looks as if it was hit with the magic wand of prosperity by a wizard who had second thoughts.
“My job is going great.” In her sworn statement, Jane wrote, “If I sensed, even remotely, that the relationship was in any way abusive, I would have talked to Ellie’s mom about it.” I asked her about the texts she wrote to Anne two years ago, which conveyed just this sort of distrust of Lonsdale and fear for Clougherty, reading them to her over the phone.
Max Eisenbud, the senior vice president of IMG Tennis, the management company that represents her, called the decision a “total crime,” tweeting out the hashtag “#youcanbeatcancerbutcantbeattheusta.” Duval would have been able to enter the Open using a protected ranking from the time of her illness.
What are the limitations of their research?
Unnamed security officials told The Associated Press that crew members jumped off the ship to escape a fire on board, and that a number were injured by the smoke and flames.
“They’re are all playing at such a high level that even that small edge can really matter,” said Liu, who as an undergraduate student at Harvard pulled for the Patriots team that reached the Super Bowl in 1986.
Chucho Valdés , the eminent Cuban pianist, bandleader and composer, carries himself with a sly balance of statesmanlike deliberation and youthful gusto.
It was in his book “ Hexaflexagons and Other Mathematical Diversions ” that I first learned about the sort of mnemonic found in this puzzle.
Aug. 16, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. E. J. Strickland and Transient Beings, jazz.
It was the first national broadcast from the Coliseum in its final season before the Islanders move to Brooklyn.
Christine suggested that she design a routine to cue the start of a work day and increase the odds she’ll get into “flow.” She should divide her work into “Think Work” and “Action Items” (anything you can accomplish in 10 minutes or less).
The 10 percent plan itself is not under attack in the case.
Maybe the B on the blue baseball cap Goodell wore as he passed up the warmth of a luxury suite stood for a wishful “Booyah!” But having watched Tom Brady connect with Brandon LaFell for a 23-yard touchdown with 5 minutes 4 seconds left in the game, the decisive score, Goodell can now look forward to a Super Bowl week without fresh echoes of his botched handling of the Ray Rice case ringing in his ears.
“For the void that he was in and the amount of debris, he was very lucky.” The injured worker’s location beneath the debris made freeing him technically difficult, Captain Bertucci said.
Al Qaeda regards the Houthis as heretics because their leadership is drawn from the minority Zaydi sect, an offshoot of Shiism.
Ms. Srinivasan needs to guard the commission’s independence and strengthen its connection to the community.
The child’s father grew up in the building as well and shares custody of the boy.
I give them full marks for coming out with this report.
The Black Tux’s take appears to borrow from businesses both old and new: the time-honored tradition of renting a tuxedo, but coupled with fashionable cuts and ordered entirely online.
“In my lifetime, I have met crooked people, but that doesn’t mean I respect them,” the priest continued, adding that if it were up to him, “I would just leave him there” in the municipal cemetery.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury bond ticked lower after the minutes were released, but rebounded to close at 2.10.
“It was a fast pace, but I had no choice,” Espinoza said.
“Oftentimes, these mass prosecutions fail because of the overreach,” said Robert Draskovich, a Las Vegas criminal defense lawyer who represented a member of the Hells Angels in the Laughlin case.
He likes to go everywhere on that fold-up bike, which he hauls along with him on trips, and sometimes he does yoga and goes in-line skating.
Seahawks defensive tackle Tony McDaniel (99) and strong safety Kam Chancellor tackling running back LeGarrette Blount during the second half.
Just Wednesday, at least five people died under an artillery barrage that also damaged a hospital, six schools and five kindergartens, local officials said.
Mr. Hurst’s lawyer, Seth Waxman, argued to overturn that ruling, “particularly in the Eighth Amendment context where the question is death.” If unanimous verdicts are required in federal criminal cases, even those with modest penalties, it is grossly unjust that a state can carry out executions with divided juries.
In their new clip for the slippery nü-disco track “I Won’t Let You Down,” off their fourth record, “Hungry Ghosts,” they zip around on motorized scooter chairs, weaving among choreographed dancers, as the action is filmed above by a drone.
McDonald’s can’t get a break.
”The truth is that the country is fine; look at where we were 15 years ago,” said Alexia Charchabukian, 33, a jewelry seller who said she voted for Mr. Scioli at a school in Chacarita, a gritty neighborhood here.
I was terrified I was on the borderline of being offensive.
To be clear, there’s no guarantee this will happen.
Uncertainty about such rules looms ever larger over groups that have grown reliant on big gifts that often come with strings attached.
Ask Open-Ended Questions: At the heart of the activity are the three deceptively simple open-ended questions that make up V.T.S.’s facilitation method.
The other day, in an attempt at mortification, I looked at the Clinton Foundation website and saw as the leading headline, “Partnership to Save Africa’s Elephants.” Since I had recently been in rural Arkansas, I thought: If you want to help closer to home, how about the black family farmers in the Delta, who — rebuffed by banks, trifled with by the United States Department of Agriculture, squeezed by vast corporate farms — are struggling to survive?
They started burying girls up to their necks in sand and bashing their brains out with rocks.
Directed by James Frawley, a veteran of the 1960s TV show “The Monkees,” “Kid Blue” (released on DVD by 20th Century Fox Cinema Archives) is nothing if not unrelenting in its hatred of work.
Capitals defenseman Brooks Orpik broke his stick across Lee’s back.
[ Associated Press ] • The number of Uber vehicles has inched above the number of yellow taxi cabs in New York City.
That means that students can write in any day until Friday, Aug. 21 at 7 a.m. Eastern when the contest ends.
The withdrawal of Oslo in October left Beijing, China’s capital, and Almaty, the largest city in Kazakhstan, as the contenders.
Many of her stories are set in the upper-class beachfront neighborhoods, like Copacabana, Ipanema, Leblon and Leme, where she lived as an adult, or Petrópolis, the nearby mountain resort where the rich used to go to escape the summer heat.
And it is fragile, helpless in the face of the water pump and microwave.
It nests at night, but is up again at dawn, when its high-pitched trill joins the lovely duo of jackhammers and sirens.
Qapital’s privacy policy also includes the admirably blunt statement, “We Collect Your Personal Information,” along with an eight-point explanation of how that information is used.
Jackson made a decisive move this week.
Y puede que a los niños mayores simplemente “no les interese”.
In reality, Mr. Thompson’s case was one of many in which New Orleans prosecutors disregarded their constitutional duties.
“Among the cohort of 12-to-19-year-olds defining Generation Z, the lines between male and female are becoming increasing blurred.” Trendwatchers describe a cohort that bridles at being boxed in and tends to shrug off conventional gender labels and other rigid classifiers.
“We got lucky — we got really lucky,” said the actor Jon Hamm, who is several shades more modest (and bearded) than Don Draper, the irresistible if deeply flawed “Mad Men” protagonist he has played for its seven seasons.
“It was an incredibly big breakthrough,” said Siegfried S. Hecker, a Stanford professor and former director of the Los Alamos weapons lab in New Mexico, the birthplace of the bomb.
BOOKER These false barriers that we’ve erected of space and race, all these illusions that we’ve allowed to infect us like toxins, we’ve got to rid ourselves of that.
It had to be a fake-out.
Today, Bronx Community College , part of the City University of New York, has around 11,000 students and 1,600 teachers, as well as security officers for its gates and patrol vans around its campus; in 2012, it cut the ribbon on a new North Hall and Library by Robert A.M. Stern Architects .
Designed to blend with the forest and bluffs, the houses are made from local cedar, redwood and Douglas fir.
He has written other series, including one about a guinea pig, Olga da Polga, and detective stories featuring a French restaurant inspector, Monsieur Pamplemousse , as well as novels and an autobiography (nicely titled “Bears and Forebears”).
Those local experiments have led to the development of alternative strategies for financing federal elections that focus on large, publicly funded incentives for the solicitation of small donors.
At the same time, about 2,000 new rental and condominium units attracted residents, many looking for shorter commute times.
He added: “I don’t foresee it being a big issue.
— New for 2015: Before you can post a comment on our blog now, you must register with NYTimes.com.
Mr. Bachmann acknowledged to Bild that he had posted the image, along with the caption “He’s Back.” But he argued that it was merely a joke, inspired by the success of a satirical novel about Hitler returning to modern Germany, “ Look Who’s Back .” Even so, a spokeswoman for Pegida, Kathrin Oertel, told news agencies late on Wednesday that Mr. Bachmann would step down from his leadership role in the movement as a result of the controversy over the image.
Richard Curtin, chief economist of the Michigan survey, attributed the April increase to optimism over consistently low inflation and low interest rates and improving prospects for jobs and incomes.
Mr. Huxley, who was born in Walnut Creek, Calif., became an apprentice in 2006, a member of the corps in 2007 and a soloist in 2011.
“There is no requirement they should have known more about him, but he was their agent, and the airline is responsible for his actions,” said Kevin P. Durkin, a partner at Clifford Law Offices in Chicago and former chairman of the American Bar Association’s aviation section.
Others are clearly uncomfortable and don’t want to talk about potential conflicts.
Mr. Gray’s death opened a deep wound in Baltimore, a majority-black city with a long history of tensions between black residents and the police.
But you may also sense that Oller was projecting in these soulful images a sadness of his own as he came to grips with advancing age and his frustrated ambitions.
Now that he no longer has to worry about being an all-but-declared candidate, Mr. Bush seems at ease on the trail.
Reach us via email diary@nytimes.com or follow @NYTMetro on Twitter using the hashtag #MetDiary.
At High Point, Mr. Qubein has made news for a $2 billion improvement campaign.
Under plans set to be formally announced later in the day, British police and border protection forces will work with their French counterparts at a new “command and control center” in Calais.
As her exasperated doctor finally tells her: “You recognize each consequence.
“I never saw a game end like that,” S.M.U.
POUND RIDGE The Lionheart Gallery “Art by Whit,” Whit Conrad.
It is still not enough to call her advantage into question, but it suggests that many analysts might have underestimated the resonance of the controversy surrounding her private email account and server at the State Department.
In 2013, the party made a major push to win control of the State Senate, hoping to ride Mr. Christie’s political coattails as he romped to re-election.
During the trial, Mr. Boies confronted the architects of the bailout — including Timothy F. Geithner, Ben S. Bernanke and Henry M. Paulson Jr. — with their own emails, statements and handwritten notes.
Tuesday’s performance was not vintage Balanchine (Ashley Bouder is a redoubtable Choleric, though I’d rather her brilliance and high emphasis were applied to Sanguinic); but since I’d seen the Royal Ballet dance a conscientious but far less idiomatic version two weeks before, I was happy simply to see accentuations that felt like home.
The order — which was quietly issued about two weeks ago but leaked to the Indian news media this week — came after Reliance failed to turn over information about the terms and conditions of the service, which it had planned to expand across the country beginning last month.
As Mr. Brill tells it, the legislation was from the very beginning all about profit, with all the relevant industries, from insurers to drug makers to hospitals, methodically seduced aboard with promises of big returns.
She was named science editor in 2011, overseeing all health and science coverage in the daily news report, as well as in the weekly Science Times section.
It’s a rare and productive moment: two opposing views of feminism coming together.
But this is what ended up happening: I turned down jobs and burned all professional bridges with sharp and illogical emails, many of them referring to Eminem; I kept a stash of homemade granola in my pocket to hand out to anyone who would accept a stranger’s dirty pocket granola; I developed an alter ego, a rapper named Jamya; I painted my face with spectacular green-and-gold eye shadow; I was kicked out of a bar without even drinking; I stood on my head every morning; my apartment burned down; I served as the sole witness to a stranger’s wedding on top of the World Trade Center; I wore 800 necklaces and spoke in a slow growl or sometimes a high-pitched squeal; I saved a corgi from being hit by a cab on Central Park West (on which occasion Ben Vereen stopped to call a dog ambulance); I spoke to strangers with the intensity of a car salesman stuck in a Mamet monologue; I preached about Jesus wherever I went, which for a Jew is unusual; I spent almost $700 on butternut squash and assorted seasonal gourds.
(During a question-and-answer session during his talk, Mr. Khan declined to comment on the cost of advertising on Snapchat.)
“He was shy,” said Steven Fox, a fellow New York choral conductor, “but when he needed to be strong, he was a consummate leader.” He was also a consummate church musician, the Rev.
Abdul Wahab al-Humigani, a government negotiator writing on Facebook, blamed the collapse of the talks on the Houthis’ “intransigence,” including on the issue of releasing prisoners.
Updated, Jan. 8, 6:31 a.m. | For the president in any democracy, compromises are often necessary in assembling a cabinet that satisfies a range of constituencies.
Several teams, including Froome’s Team Sky, had ridden the route ahead of time to look for possible danger spots and attacking opportunities on its mainly narrow and twisting, if scenic, roads.
“It’s right on the money with this particular timeline of mixology and crafted drinks.” Darren Seifer, food and beverage analyst at the NPD Group, a market information and advisory services firm, was more cynical.
But the driver is really what is giving us a unique design and a unique vacation for our guests.” One of Oasis’s most distinctive features is an open-air atrium that runs down the middle of the ship.
“There are a lot of plug-and-play elements and services you can access to put it all together,” says Leah Edwards , director of the Center for Entrepreneurial Studies at the Stanford Graduate School of Business.
“We’ve got a passionate fan base, and I’m as passionate as they are.” The fans in Section 329 have chants for forwards Josh Bailey, Kyle Okposo and Frans Nielsen.
An increase in the capital gains rate could affect the fund manager personally, but not as much as you would think.
Film Forum, 209 West Houston Street, west of Avenue of the Americas, South Village, 212-727-8110, filmforum.org.
All told, at least 12,000 people are expected in New York for the assembly.
“Unfortunately, we have not been able to agree with Ericsson on a fair rate for their patents,” Apple said last month.
They haven’t been able to set foot in the orchard for years, but I, as an outsider, was able to walk right into it.
Thinking critically and logically through an argument, supporting it with evidence and documented references, and clearly communicating it are as critical to being a scientist as gathering and analyzing data are.
If it were kept to the lower target, that number would be cut by more than half, to 137 million people.
With his powerful heldentenor voice, Mr. Vickers revealed the danger within the twisted psyche of the ostracized fisherman.
(In 2006, Ronald S. Lauder paid $135 million for Klimt’s 1907 “Adele Bloch-Bauer I,” an example of that period, for the Neue Galerie in New York.)
Then there was mainly silence from the two sides until Saturday, when the new video that appeared to show Mr. Goto being beheaded by a militant was released.
Her adult sons (Nathaniel P. Claridad and Ethan Itzkow) kill Bassianus and rape Lavinia, cutting off her hands and her tongue for good measure.
Gustavus Gricius, 34, was driving south down the opposite bank of the Hudson River when he saw “a huge ball of black smoke” rising from the power plant across the water.
The attack was the second breach notification from LastPass.
“Isn’t it crazy?” The newspaper also highlighted remarks made by Ben Carson, the retired neurosurgeon who has struggled to grasp foreign policy.
No one was injured, but the police said they had detained 12 people over the episode, which came amid tension between the federation and Hajduk.
This week South Africa allowed Sudan’s president, Omar Hassan al-Bashir, to leave the country while fully aware of the I.C.C.
Geno Smith is expected to miss the next six to 10 weeks, and Ikemefuna Enemkpali, who threw the punch, was quickly let go by the Jets.
This is the kind of memory that sticks to your ribs.
The firm is offering around $60 million for all of Remington’s equity, according to a person involved in the transaction.
The 13 permanent vendors on site are all local and offer a selection of goods as varied as those found in New York’s Chelsea Market.
The Cougars, the top passing team in the Football Bowl Subdivision during the regular season, were shut out in the second half, leaving it to their defense to wrap up the victory.
“You once told a contestant on ‘Celebrity Apprentice’ it would be a pretty picture to see her on her knees.” Mr. Trump told MSNBC on Friday that he did not recall many of the references Ms. Kelly was making and that, “We’re going to have it checked out.” But the exchange highlighted the idea that Mr. Trump had been sexist over the years.
Google won a decisive victory this month when a United States appeals court ruled that its massive project to digitize all the world’s books did not violate authors’ copyrights.
Bloggers examined the company’s network of online universities and high schools, which carry American-sounding names like Barkley and Columbiana, and publicized the names of other sites that they said were operated by the company, and that went beyond a list published by The Times on Sunday.
Mystic Seaport, 75 Greenmanville Avenue.
O, which is for off-load (flipping the ball to a teammate as you’re being tackled), advises that “at the end of the run” a player should “pass the ball to a mate and continue the fun.” Petri also struggled for a while over what to do with X, primarily because the obvious solution seemed to be “X-ray” but going that way “might have sent the wrong kind of message about our game,” he said.
And in contrast with the tariff cuts, there’s a lot more reason to worry that some of the agreement’s non-trade provisions would hurt the world economy even as they benefited specific industries.
Instead of giving up the game for lost, she reeled off five straight points to break back and regain the momentum for good.
Their leadoff hitter, Curtis Granderson, smacked a deep fly ball over Angel Pagan’s head in center field but pulled up after rounding first base, perhaps believing the ball had been caught.
Ms. Brown had to laugh at the incongruity of her own business, which formed in response to the inflexibility of the airlines but now thrives partly because of it.
He stole second base on Salvador Perez, one of the best catchers in baseball.
This would reintroduce a little human interaction to an increasingly impersonal, tech-heavy world, and would eliminate the need for the problematic sticks in question.
In an accompanying letter, Mr. Tsakalotos mentioned one of Greece’s other main goals in securing a new loan: relief from some of its staggering public debt, which is more than €300 billion.
After he fell on the ice and landed in an emergency room in February, Mr. Daley was given a shot of his anti-psychotic medication and a mood stabilizer and released.
One of Ms. Taylor’s color photos, “ Small Boat Waiting ” (2012) seems as though it could have been made by the Belgian surrealist painter René Magritte , had he been a photographer.
(PHOTOGRAPHS FROM TOP: COURTESY OF MAD DECENT; COURTESY PHAIDON PRESS; COURTESY OF CHRISTIAN DIOR PARFUMS; COURTESY ALEXANDER MCQUEEN; JUAN C. LOPEZ ESPANTALEON/ZABAR’S AND COMPANY INC)
But the late collapse was the latest in a line of poor results from the United States, which has now stumbled late in five straight FIFA exhibition games: draws against Ecuador and Honduras in October, and losses to Colombia and Ireland in November.
Compared with January of 2014, sales were up 5.3 percent.
She then said it would have disappeared from the blog because it was old.
“Toshiba satisfied the formalities of the code, but not the quality,” said Toshiaki Oguchi, a governance expert who helped the government create the guidelines.
It’s a city that defeats efforts to ironize.
(Roberta Smith) ★ Metropolitan Museum of Art: ‘Paintings by George Stubbs from the Yale Center for British Art’ (through Nov. 8) A rare sighting in New York: eight paintings by the inimitable English painter George Stubbs (1724-1806).
So the choice is either go big or go off the grid.
Black and white dominates the interior, which Dr. Rogé designed himself.
In 2015, it is hardly news that few American Jews adhere to even the major tenets of religious life.
The Dow Jones industrial average slipped 36.87 points, or 0.2 percent, to close at 18,126.12.
Shouldn’t the school have informed the parents?” It is a question the police are asking the school, too.
“It’s weird!” Perhaps, she speculates, the surge is a result of the juggernaut HBO series called “Girls,” the one where the neurotic aspiring novelist Hannah Horvath, played by Lena Dunham, takes off to the Iowa cornfields and shines a bright light on the venerated program.
Daniel Harper, a Florida reader, tweeted and wrote to me about it, asking, “Why was this picture of the Pope, potentially offensive to Christians, printed whereas your paper refuses to print cartoons and images of Muhammad that may offend Muslims?” The Times’s publication of the image has provoked other commentary, including a piece in Mediaite , in which Alex Griswold criticized “an intentional double standard.” And the Catholic Church’s dismay drew a jibe from the journalist Matt Taibbi .
In addition, a “Draft Biden” group has started to build an infrastructure to use if the vice president enters the race.
A year ago, I was teaching in eastern Thailand, and the dean told me I could have free housing on campus.
The lender, with $12 billion in private loans outstanding, may reduce the rate temporarily or permanently.
The European Union could soon adopt a law that would strengthen online privacy protections for consumers, but it would come at a cost to free expression and leave a redacted history for Internet users.
“I began to see it as more than a dilapidated building but a visual study of something that had a life of its own.” After photographing the lace factory, he accompanied Mrs. Clinton on her last trip to Europe as secretary of state.
Jamel Hunter , 8, lives on the second floor of his building.
But in America, where the pursuit of happiness ranks with life and liberty, the data shows we are pretty happy.
Some of those century-old, Republican-style residences still stand; one of them houses a gift shop called Las Pallas, owned by a Welsh expat who has become an expert in Peruvian folk art.
Much of the rivalry stems from sports, as New York boasts a haul of championships while Philadelphia fans are known for suffering losses and pelting Santa Claus with snowballs.
JBG is helping to finance the project, to be built by MRP Realty and Ellis Development Group.
There are two ways to look at the situation.
was so young that the differences between high school football and professional football were not nearly as stark as they are today.
Stacy Lewis and Ha Na Jang were tied for second.
Friday was the final day to submit bids for the television rights, and an announcement about which companies won the auctions could be made as early earlier as Saturday.
While this was going on, two other councillors, Cassera and Gianella, were taken prisoner, together with several other Conservative notabilities.
■ Lydia Ko, 18, sank a 30-yard pitch for eagle on the par-5 12th hole and finished with a seven-under-par 65 for a nine-stroke victory at the L.P.G.A.
He said he had much more to say, and then, just before he was whisked away, he snapped a picture of the reporters for his own amusement.
Senate budget writers appear to be more concerned with maintaining the integrity of the budget process than mandating sweeping change.
The other two — diametrically unalike — are by Frederick Ashton.
Defenders contend that criticism of successive A.N.C.
Does he confront Mrs. Clinton, and if so, with what kinds of issues?
She was about to continue her studies at a Beirut university, this time focusing on art, when her London trip intervened.
A favorite target was illegal bookmaking parlors, which relied on the telegraph for racing results.
While Tidal’s unveiling may have been rocky, the company has also taken steps to distinguish itself in a crowded market.
Contra Costa County, Calif., $125.6 million of lease revenue bonds.
She still insists that she was a victim of a “boardroom brawl” and dismisses criticism of her record.
Residents find enough war-era bones that the Lviv regional government funds a service, called Dolya, or Destiny, to clear, sort and rebury remains from mass graves.
In her breathtaking new book, “H Is for Hawk,” winner of the Samuel Johnson Prize and the Costa Book Award, Helen Macdonald renders an indelible impression of a raptor’s fierce essence — and her own — with words that mimic feathers, so impossibly pretty we don’t notice their astonishing engineering.
It was everything I imagined kissing Don Draper would be.
RELATED Ben Ratliff discusses the new album from Tenement here .
So were Paul Newman, Robin Williams, Bette Midler and James Gandolfini.
Mr. Wong and his business partner, Hoi Ip, 61, both of whom had extensive restaurant experience, wanted to evoke a more upscale scene, which was more prevalent in this country around the 1970s, when getting Chinese food meant a big night out.
Most often it will be a neighboring country or the first safe place they are able to reach, but it could also be a country halfway around the world.
A much-shared photograph of a woman in a hijab with dramatic, winged eyeliner is captioned “flawless”; so is one of Rihanna on a New York street , wearing a tight white skirt and holding a bright blue umbrella.
The Russians have a much more historical interest in the affairs of Ukraine and Syria than we do: So let them have them.
(Cotter) ★ Metropolitan Museum of Art: ‘Discovering Japanese Art: American Collectors and the Met’ (through Sept. 27) Highlighting contributions to the Met’s Japanese art holdings by American collectors from the 1880s to the present, this gorgeous show presents more than 200 superb paintings, drawings, prints, scrolls, folding screens, ceramics, lacquer ware and works in other mediums and genres, mostly dating from the fourth century to the late 19th.
That was the case last year when prosecutors in Munich filed criminal charges against Jürgen Fitschen, at the time co-chief executive of Deutsche Bank, on suspicion of attempted trial fraud in an earlier case.
The area was home to a number of saloons as early as the 1870s.
The marginal difference between minimum wage and what plaintiffs in these cases were paid is not large, said Sharon Vinick, an employment lawyer in California who argued the first case of this kind, against the Raiders.
Elsewhere Mr. Mellencamp changed the script, giving his biggest hit, “Jack & Diane,” a campfire arrangement complete with singalong.
In an interview, Mr. Metrick said his priorities were bolstering relations with Saks’s vendors and rallying store staff.
Dore Gold, the director of Israel’s Foreign Ministry, would not say whether Israel believes that a congressional override is possible, nor specify how the government might work toward that goal in coordination with the $20 million campaign begun last week by the pro-Israel group Aipac .
He provided instead perfectly accessible pieces with a whiff of gardenia: lace tees and matching pencil skirts, or sequined versions of the same; oversize pea coats; navy sailor pants and cropped camel jean jackets; cream multi-textured coats and princess pumps.
NEW LONDON Lyman Allyn Art Museum “Launchpad of the American Theater: The O’Neill Since 1964.” Through Jan. 3.
There are a lot of different factors that go into it, but I don’t know that we have put our finger on exactly one or two things.” Of course, the Dodgers have two very important things they hope will carry them to their first championship since 1988: the pitching arms of Clayton Kershaw and Zack Greinke.
Here I have no data, just intuition.
So a woman who calls herself relentlessly urban moved to the country, defeated.
“There is no disconnect,” he said, “because there never was a connection.”
“He’s a big, tough, good football player, and he’s got a nasty streak.” While Reese said Flowers could play either guard or tackle, Coach Tom Coughlin spoke to reporters after Reese did and said unequivocally that Flowers was a tackle.
“The blame should go on me today,” Goins said.
Lincoln bowed, but the young doctor who would rush to treat him, Charles Leale, said he looked “peculiarly sorrowful.” A brutal conspiracy was bearing down at that moment.
On the afternoon that a blizzard was supposed to blow into New York, Jackson chose the Redeye Grill, on Seventh Avenue at 56th Street, near where he lives and about 25 blocks north of the Garden.
Brodeur, who holds the N.H.L.
This month Mr. Putin began emphasizing the idea that Mr. Assad was the ally needed to fight the Islamic State on the ground.
The setting was dramatic, but mass incarceration isn’t actually a federal problem.
Another shows a fellow marcher taking her in his arms and struggling to lift her up.
These three will play 1, 2, 17 and 18 for the championship.
You actually get that in a vial and mix it yourself so it stays really strong and potent.
The superlative performances from all five actors, under Ms. Tommy’s sensitive direction, draw us so deeply into the lives of the women that this darkness nevertheless flickers with glimmers of light, humanity and even hope.
We celebrate our failures just about as strongly as we celebrate our successes because I need to encourage the team to keep coming up with the big ideas.
Madonna “Unapologetic Bitch” (Boy Toy/Live Nation/Interscope) Another of Madonna’s precise self-branding phrases almost seems to sing itself over a reggae track, while she gives herself the sneering last word on a breakup.
“E-commerce today is primarily logistics and convenience — you order today and, boom, get it tomorrow,” Mr. Johnson said in a recent interview at Enjoy’s headquarters, a bustling warehouse in Menlo Park, Calif. That model, he said, would remain a primary way people buy things, but smartphone-powered local delivery networks have also opened up a potential new way of shopping that Mr. Johnson calls “personal commerce.” Mr. Johnson began noodling around with the idea that would become Enjoy early in 2014, about a year after he was dumped from a disastrous run as chief executive of J.C. Penney .
“There’s not a lot of company up there,” he said, smiling.
I had the idea of setting up a scale model of the fair, with a sound and lighting system that would evoke how different animals hear and see.
What François seems to be looking for, in a sudden mood of gravity, is faith in its purest form, that which is unconcerned with human needs like safety, comfort or belonging, but which is directed beyond the human to the divine, the truly sacred.
The “Good Morning America” co-host addressed viewers for a little more than 30 seconds on Friday morning.
La presidenta también se ha negado a saldar cuentas con fondos de inversión extranjeros, lo que ha resultado en demandas contra el país por deudas pendientes después de un incumplimiento de pago en el 2002 .
Along with his art we have the traces of his countercultural life as mythologist, homoeroticist, existential tourist and urban resurrectionist.
The Lionesses responded on Fara Williams’s penalty kick in the 40th minute.
For true socialism in action, look to the billionaire Trump.
So Vick waited, maintaining a rigorous workout regimen and telling a reporter , “I just want to stay ready and confident when opportunity knocks.” Opportunity tapped at his door in August, and Vick was signed by the Pittsburgh Steelers after their backup quarterback, Bruce Gradkowski, was lost for the season.
KID ROCKER “When I was a really little kid, my parents had a VHS tape called ‘Glam Rock.’ It was about 15 songs of Gary Glitter, T.Rex and Alice Cooper, and I watched it every day until it broke,” Ms. Cumming said.
2014 comes in at 48%.
Even after Ms. Katz had lost consciousness, Dr. Esserman kept singing, while stroking her patient’s cheek.
That is not much of an endorsement.
“You just can’t do it by yourself anymore; it’s just too difficult,” guard Kyle Korver said.
(“Let us go observe the boys.
“This can be a new beginning, a new path.” As Mr. Chavez walked the grounds of Belmont a few days ago, doing the morning rounds of his de facto parish, he spotted a van pulling up to a barn.
Many investors agree that the United States stock market is trading at stretched levels.
I should email The Times and explain the situation.
“Lifting these barriers that have halted the economy for many years will kick it along the path to growth,” Mr. Prat-Gay told reporters.
Not so for Ohad Naharin , the artistic director of the Tel Aviv-based Batsheva Dance Company .
I’m from Mississippi, and so I was really kind of swept away by his use of language and his passion and the depth of his loneliness and sorrow and sexuality.
Federal agents were still cataloging the classified information from Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s personal email server last week when President Obama went on television and played down the matter.
“I would definitely say that OxyContin is harder to abuse than it used to be — it was a pain in the neck,” said Mr. DiTullio, 35, who successfully addressed his addiction at a drug-treatment facility and now operates an auto body shop in Keene, N.H.
had rejected, “The Boyz-N-The Hood.” C.I.A.
“You don’t wait for people to become rich before you get life-saving drugs to them.
“Puerto Rico has 78 municipalities,” said Art Otero , a Kissimmee city commissioner who was born in San Juan and is running for mayor here, as he sat amid the bustle of the Melao Bakery, a popular pit stop for mallorcas , the sugar-topped Puerto Rican sweet rolls.
One recalls the radical move by Henry Ford to double salaries in his factories to cut back on absenteeism and to reinvigorate his employees’ desire to work.
But under scrutiny, the offer looks less compelling, starting with just a 14 percent control premium.
“The world can decide where on that curve they want the future Earth to be.” As dire as Dr. Urban’s conclusions are, other experts said the real toll may turn out to be even worse.
Smithsonian’s National Museum of the American Indian: ‘For a Love of His People: The Photography of Horace Poolaw’ (through Feb. 15) More than 80 black-and-white photographs and vintage postcards from the 1920s to ’60s, featuring the work of the American Indian photographer Horace Poolaw, who died in 1984, are the focus of this exhibition.
And you’re not apt to miss them until the denouement, when it is pointed out that certain characters never appeared and supposed facts were never explained.
(‘‘My father,’’ Jay explains, ‘‘is more Anglo-looking — more Spanish, as they say — my mother more mestizo, and quite beautiful’’).
In St.-Rémy-de-Provence, for example, there is a plaque that shows his “Green Wheat Field With Cypress” posted in front of the white stucco wall of a private home.
They are emboldened by the law.
That fit is really important, and I’ll usually share my own stories about how the companies I’ve chosen to work with were really good fits for me.
He said that he started seeing an acupuncturist after his first concussion, on Nov. 16, and that he had continued to see the specialist since the second one.
But first, Scott Mayers, the driver, had to call for the electricity that powers trains through the tunnels to be shut off.
A few days after the trial, Mr. Peeler timed himself as he drove the route Ms. Brown was alleged to have taken, from one fur shop to another in noonday traffic.
“It is an utter honor to be here in Iran,” Mr. Belden said, drawing even more cheers.
As we grew older, he repurposed these heads for our anatomy lessons.
Gunfire echoed in deep booms on downtown streets beneath neon-lit skyscrapers.
“We’ve got to look at broader immigration reform, because some people are waiting in line 25 years” to come to the United States, he said this month .
So she wore that Zwillinger dress to the rehearsal dinner and a less revealing Ines Di Santo gown with a mermaid cut for the wedding.
The Halloween app by Schatzisoft, on iOS , is a way to count down the days until Halloween while learning about the history of the holiday and enjoying extras like spooky sound effects.
Four of the affected buildings had been decontaminated as of Saturday.
Barbara Roper, director of investor protection at the Consumer Federation of America, said Wall Street was “using every tool in their toolbox.” She added, “Their reaction is so over the top that the only thing I can see is that they just don’t want their regulator to be able to keep an eye on them.” Given Finra’s reputation among some critics, Ms. Roper said, the aggressive Cards proposal has taken some Wall Streeters by surprise.
The boys seemed a bit like those flowers.
And if that’s right, then you can imagine subtle regulatory changes like the new disclosure rules mattering.
A result, they argue, is that five years after Greece’s first bailout, the nation’s economy has contracted by a quarter, and its debt burden is approaching 200 percent of its gross domestic product.
Mr. Myers’s family disputed the police account and insisted that he had been unarmed.
So far, we’ve put software in 26,000 nonprofits and schools, provided $100 million in grants, and our people have done over 1.1 million volunteer hours around the world.
He also engaged Mr. Trump at one point — cautiously — about the international expertise required of a commander-in-chief.
The Devils’ Adam Larsson hit the post midway through the third period as Montreal maintained a 3-1 lead.
I paid $66 million, and I’ve gotten offers considerably more than that.
But the spectating world can grow impatient with the status quo, bored and resentful of its repetition.
The panda was reportedly killed in December by two brothers, surnamed Wang, in Yunnan Province.
The men selected the heavily wooded area for its seclusion and proximity to their neighborhood, Constable Kwong said.
And Greece’s outspoken finance minister, Yanis Varoufakis, has reportedly alienated some of his eurozone counterparts by changing his position several times during negotiations.
It’s much less pressure now.” The one-and-three-sixteenths-mile Preakness is shaping up as a tough test for American Pharoah on several fronts.
may be trying to build a case by looking at where the participants are coming from to see if the states prohibit them from doing so.
said that it would evaluate Mr. Wilson’s proposals.
Mr. Reid, demonstrating the steely will with which he has ruled his conference, worked aggressively to anoint Mr. Schumer, the No.
She directed the spying operation, according to the criminal complaint.
It turned out to be a 13-hour affair.
In the Finance Committee bill, the sections setting up exchanges were separate from the section providing tax credits.
MONTCLAIR Montclair Art Museum “Come as You Are: Art of the 1990s.” Through May 17.
“If that were to change we would, of course, register as we have in the past.
“By combining the capabilities and leading technologies of both companies, we will be able to expand access, reduce costs and advance heart failure therapies on a global basis.” As part of the deal, Thoratec will be allowed to actively solicit alternative proposals from third parties for the next 30 days and will have to pay a termination fee of up to $111 million to St. Jude Medical if it accepted another offer.
Now, through the participatory budgeting process and public largess, their moment appears to have arrived.
The president also used China as a positive example in urging support for a new global treaty, citing the agreement reached in November in which Beijing pledged to cap its carbon emissions by 2030.
If you simply took that money and handed it to the poor, a family of four would have a household income roughly twice the poverty rate.
It’s almost impossible to feel bad when there’s wind on your face and the day’s just beginning.
For Mr. Ryu and his wife, Jung Seon-hee, change has been too slow.
The entrees were better: Medium-well chunks of filet mignon with broccoli and golden mushrooms in a satay sauce were a welcome variation on the beef and broccoli dish, though it could have been spicier.
She has done a lot of meditating, one aide said.
There was no way doubt or fear or adversity could sneak in there.
On any night, about a quarter of the tables are taken up by hotel guests, said Sadie Roncelli, the restaurant’s general manager.
The report is not a paradigm shift, but it does contain significant improvements.
“I’ve never participated in something like this,” said Penny Pritzker, the secretary of commerce, who has helped lead the lobbying campaign with other cabinet members and White House officials.
The leaders have to sort themselves out.”
That’s like taking away electricity or heat or gas to somebody, in today’s world.” With their son’s release from jail set for Thursday, they were scrambling to find him a new place to live and satisfy the sex offender restrictions on housing.
Each, in their way, was justification for extending my trip.
That stands in contrast to Valeant’s cash offer for Salix, in which neither company’s shareholders have to approve the deal.
They’re very beautiful, with views, and medieval, natural settings, many on volcanic lakes.
physically and I’ll certainly be a bit sore tomorrow morning, but I’ll be completely fine again after a couple of days.” Part of the reason the accidents were so spectacular had to do with the Tecpro safety barriers themselves.
He was dressed in a black T-shirt and wore a black and red cap and fired a black semiautomatic handgun.
His headline makes the point: “ Now that It Causes Cancer, Are You Going to Give Up Your Bacon?
In disclosures required of for-profits, the school reports that 77 percent of accelerated film students rely on federal loans, and 60 percent finish in the allotted 20 months.
But there’s an unswerving professionalism at work here that consistently turns excess into something sharp, sweet and surprisingly refined.
Yet three-quarter homes are tolerated and even tacitly encouraged, pointing to a systemic failure by government agencies and institutions responsible for helping addicts and the poor.
Mr. Cheney also rather cynically brushed off the racism inherent in relations between largely white police forces like the one in Ferguson, Mo., and the largely black communities that they serve.
Comcast, Fox, Google, Time Warner, the N.B.A., Major League Baseball and the N.F.L.
Even as her promotion was celebrated by her many fans, it raised all-too-familiar questions about why African-American dancers, particularly women, remain so underrepresented at top ballet companies in the 21st century, despite the work of pioneering black dancers who broke racial barriers in the past.
The sellout crowd didn’t seem too aghast because the Sox are enjoying a well-deserved grace period.
Mr. Trump has dispensed with that orthodoxy.
Please use only your first name.
“I want to contribute,” he said, “like any other player.” As this series goes on, all eyes will be on two players in particular no matter how they play: St. Louis and Ryan Callahan.
Instead, they make “notes” in the form of art that highlights myths, superstitions and practices native to the islands.
Stokke Austad When they’re not focusing on big, serious projects like airport interiors or a task chair for a major Scandi office brand, Jonas Ravlo Stokke and Oystein Austad make playful yet understated housewares and furnishings in natural materials, with lots of rounded edges — the Bouroullec brothers of Norway, basically.
This restaurant is as polished and refined as Chachawan is hectic.
In addition, he said, borrowing costs for eurozone governments have fallen since the European Central Bank began signaling last year that it was likely to begin buying government bonds to stimulate growth and push inflation from dangerously low levels.
Sometimes Palestinians exaggerate numbers, she said, but the larger pattern is undeniable: “the expulsion of Palestinians from wide areas of their agricultural land in the West Bank.” Elsewhere, I saw graffiti that said “Death to Arabs” in Hebrew, heard Palestinians say that their olive trees had been poisoned or their tires slashed, and talked to an Arab family whose house was firebombed in the middle of the night, leaving the children traumatized.
In store are such effective and elegantly packaged brands as Ilia, RMS and Kjaer Weis as well as the first U.S. spa of Tata Harper, whose sumptuous botanical skin-care products are a favorite among fashion types.
That’s closer to how the market for any other type of talent works, and would make for better TV, too.
“I do not understand why the courts are going along with it,” Mr. Schippers said.
Each night, the tarry blackness arrives thick and heavy, a blanket swaddling you with a completeness that can be disconcerting, while the ocean roars somewhere in the distance.
But in doing so, Mr. Calheiros managed to increase his own bargaining power, with Ms. Rousseff speaking favorably about his proposals to mend the economy.
But she did say these were things, especially sex, she could never have told her mother about.” But not everyone wants to make room for Mom.
I mean, I have these guys.” Ours was the anti-frat: averse to hazing, based on math, named after a tree and, when it came right down to it, more interested in friendship than networking.
“On behalf of the people of Toronto, I extend to the entire Crombie family my deepest sympathies on sudden death of actor Jonathan Crombie,” John Tory, the current mayor of Toronto, wrote in an update posted to Twitter .
Struth’s picture reminds me of one by Thomas Eakins: not the more famous painting of a surgery in progress, “The Gross Clinic” (1875), but the lesser known and more monumental one that now hangs opposite it at the Philadelphia Museum of Art: “The Agnew Clinic” (1889).
“Despite some lapses by the election commission, it cannot be said on the evidence before the commission that, on an overall basis, the elections were not a true and fair reflection of the mandate given by the electorate,” said the report by the commission, a three-member panel led by Chief Justice Nasir ul-Malik.
And it was in the Farook home, according to federal investigators, that Mr. Farook introduced Mr. Marquez to Islam — to which Mr. Marquez converted in 2007 — and to radical jihadist views.
executives are now privately saying that Greece’s problems cannot be solved with pension and labor reforms alone.
Jeff Gordon’s last Daytona 500 began as an ode to his legacy, but it might be best remembered as a harbinger of what is to come in Nascar.
Marginal patients may be different from other patients.
But what if it turns out that “Something Rotten!” is the musical audiences and voters simply enjoy the most?
The last two games, I think, I got kind of lucky.” By that, he meant that the last two lineups he had faced were missing prominent hitters; he faced Miami without Giancarlo Stanton and Philadelphia without Chase Utley.
fans who saw something familiar in the galloping strides of a long-limbed Bol.
In the film, he even has the hubris to suggest that he may have improved on some of the original artists’ ideas.
1 Being Mortal by Atul Gawande .
Long before the wicked witch melts (also scary!
The last 10 percent, she said, should be non-artists.
In the second round of a bout in Philadelphia in 1955 against Julio Mederos, Johnson suddenly dropped to his knees without being hit, and though he finished the round, he struggled to his corner and collapsed.
And that is part of what makes this game so fascinating.
He said that UK Oil and Gas had reached its conclusion of what might be underground by extrapolating for the entire Weald Basin what was found in one spot of it.
I kept hoping for the best, but the best never came.”
(“Plotte” is Quebecois slang for vagina, and Dirty No.
The Bermuda insurer Mr. Loeb helped set up went public in 2013 and is active in the insurance business, not merely a tax dodge.
The league’s least valuable franchise, the St. Louis Rams, is worth well over $900 million.
I can’t explain it.” An inning later, Murphy and his teammates were the ones dancing on the diamond.
He was particularly impressed by the Tigers’ 85-55 victory at Michigan on Dec. 9.
Coming after the governors, who are also front-runners in some polls, are Mr. Paul, who has hosted 17, and Mr. Cruz, who has headlined 15.
But if that all sounds familiar to contemporary racing enthusiasts, there were other aspects of that mid-20th-century race that were quite different.
On the fiscal side, Europe never did much stimulus, and quickly turned to austerity — spending cuts and, to a lesser extent, tax increases — despite high unemployment.
In Gee Chun shot a two-under 68 and is third at 206.
President Obama called on congressional Republicans on Wednesday to renew financing for the Department of Homeland Security and promised to veto any measure that tried to gut his executive actions on immigration.
In an interview Wednesday, Mr. Staver, who is also a former dean of the law school at Liberty University, which was founded by Jerry Falwell, said that the Obergefell decision forced people “to accept and to promote same-sex marriage.” Answers to questions about the case of a Kentucky clerk who has refused to issue marriage licenses to any couples, gay or straight.
“Is that worth a conversation?” Some were, said Frei, who added, jokingly, “So they wouldn’t get shot.” Carillo is mindful of the fine line between having fun while calling the dog show and mocking the dogs, one that was crossed so often by Fred Willard in Christopher Guest’s mockumentary “Best in Show.” She recalled her quizzical reaction to the sight of the small, mostly hairless Chinese crested in her first show (“David, I’ve got some questions?” she said), and wondering on Monday during hound group judging about Frei’s reference to “Plott people.” “Her job is to ask questions that people at home are asking,” Frei said.
We inserted detail about some of his proposals and noted that he had pointedly not acknowledged the drubbing his party received in November’s midterm elections.
Over the last 14 years, the enormous apparatus that has been built up to combat terrorism — huge structural changes in American society, and a lock-hold on the federal budget — has grown only more outsize and out of proportion to the actual threat.
Ms. Kane held a news conference, in which she called the sting “deeply flawed” and racially suspect.
“Check out car accident deaths,” he tweeted sarcastically.
So is Sloane, actually, she’s playing excellent.
We are also led to believe that Ava, once again, has turned on Boyd.
Yet when they saw or heard information that was not directly about household finances, their donations did not decrease (and in some cases increased).
“It was more to do with building skills and improving art and learning about culture.
The jury in the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing case reconvenes today to decide whether to sentence Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to death, or to life in prison with no chance of parole.
“It’s dangerous, like not telling them about how their bodies are going to change during puberty,” said Amanda Rose Adams, a mother of two in Fort Collins, Colo. “That’s how kids come out of college $100,000 in debt with an English degree.” Or not knowing how and why to start saving right away for retirement, or how to pick a health insurance plan.
He was chief innovation officer at the Taiwan-based smartphone maker HTC from 2006 to 2011, helping transform the company from one that made products for other companies to a global brand.
Since Sept. 11, 2001, its four corners have been occupied by rescue workers, recovery workers or construction workers.
David Reingold , the dean of the college of liberal arts at Purdue University, told me: “When I walk around university campuses, it feels like they haven’t changed a whole lot in terms of self-segregation.
Ms. Shulman remembers learning the recipe at summer camp, but has since improved it a bit.
Later we returned to Duomo for a Sicilian blowout, amusingly reinterpreted by Mr. Sultano.
TWO SHARE LEAD IN SPAIN James Morrison and David Howell, both from England, shared a two-shot lead after the third round of the Spanish Open.
Just as the microscope allowed us to look at smaller and smaller parts of physical objects, big data allows us to zoom in on our minds.
A few chapters are in first person, others in third.
That said, Skate’s calculated the total 2014 sales of those four online auctioneers to be $142.2 million — less than the price paid for one Francis Bacon triptych at a Christie’s live auction in November 2013.
The drama Marnie (Allison Williams) is stoking with her old hookup buddy Ray (Alex Karpovsky) and love object Desi (Ebon Moss-Bachrach) is less interesting to me, but Marnie usually is.
Interconnected stories set in a Russian industrial city are seamlessly narrated, with flashes of dark humor.
I had just finished reading the New York Times best seller “No Easy Day” (about the mission that killed Bin Laden) which had been recently published.
So she rounded up the old Culinary Institute crew, two of whom — Ms. Preka and Mr. Wasicek — are her roommates in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, and two of whom — Ms. Cunningham and Mr. Weinberger — are dating.
SOUTHAMPTON Southampton Cultural Center “The Fantasticks” (1960), with music by Harvey Schmidt and lyrics by Tom Jones.
He called Bueno and their children every day.
One particular track, “Ornithology,” seemed to crystallize my point: Parker and Davis each fashion a brisk, boppish 32-bar chorus, after which Thompson’s solo arrives as if out of a fog.
Mr. Li of Smartisan said customers in part get behind the company because they look up to Mr. Luo as a sort of freethinker in China.
Faust said, “At first, when we were playing recorded music, we had to be very mindful — and we weren’t at the beginning — of lyrics.” To manage, the audio staff members frequently use instrumentals, find clean versions of songs or work around the lyrics they do not want pulsing through the stadium.
To reverse evolution, the scientists gently wedged a microscopic bead into the middle of what would become the faces of chicken embryos.
He drank only local beer.
“I only ask certain people, because it has to feel right,” he explains.
A prolonged price slump has invigorated skeptics, putting Bitcoin supporters on the defensive.
“He’s a huge part of this team.
It would not need to do so in every case.
A spokesman for the culture ministry confirmed the nomination of Mr. Lasvignes, but the Pompidou Center declined to comment Tuesday about the change of leadership.
The aesthetic highlight of the trip was reading Robert Roper’s (excellent) “Nabokov in America,” which I had picked up in hardcover like a dutiful middlebrow, and realizing that I was in one of the great author’s stamping grounds.
Thank you, Daniel and Katherine!
Viewers then see a pencil connecting the lines of Mallarmé’s poem “Un Coup de dés Jamais n’Abolira le Hasard” (“A Throw of the Dice Will Never Abolish Chance”).
When Teresa Njeri got pregnant in 2001 in Kiambu, a suburb of Nairobi, it was the end of the world.
And the plot twists, even the predictable ones, have ratcheted up the action.
“I know better,” he said.
(Barclays Center officials declined to discuss the job opening in detail, so we do not know how much they are planning to pay or whether applicants will be allowed to take the rig out for a test drive on Flatbush Avenue.)
William H. Gross , the bond fund manager, is on CNBC at 2:10 p.m. Facebook reports fourth-quarter results after the market closes.
There’s a great program called Wings for Autism, in which families can come experience the security screening and then board the plane and taxi the runway.
They provide some national context through interviews with experts on that issue, like Kara Dansky, a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, and Radley Balko, who writes a blog for The Washington Post.
The changes articulated Thursday include new platforms that will be able to accommodate 10-car trains instead of the eight-car trains previously used and a different track strategy that should allow for more trains to be loaded more quickly after the race.
Kate Davies, head of the collection, said Mr. Hirst owns multiple Bacons, Warhols, Picassos, Giacomettis and Richard Hamiltons, and a large number of works by Koons and Prince.
But Mr. Ramos’s focus has changed, he said in an interview here: “Now is the turn of Republicans.” This weekend, the Spanish-language Univision, and Fusion, its English-language venture with ABC News, will cover the first gathering of 2016 Republican presidential aspirants, at a conservative forum in Des Moines on Saturday organized by Representative Steve King of Iowa.
He had his finest season in 2013-14, with the Orlando Magic, when he averaged 18.2 points while shooting 42.7 percent from the 3-point line.
He said on Sunday that individual states should be allowed to decide whether to allow same-sex marriage.
But the change creates a potentially challenging situation for the 33-year-old Williams.
In November, Google showed off the results of an artificial intelligence project that can look at an image consisting of common items and describe, in comprehensible English words, what’s going on in the picture — often with startling accuracy.
It’s win, not lose.” Friday was a big, big win.
Perennial plantings include roses, lilacs, hydrangea and a raspberry patch.
He was held with bail set at $75,000.
Ford builds transmissions at two sites in France, but its main European vehicle assembly plants are in Germany and Spain.
Ms. Rowling wrote the story on which the play is based with the playwright Jack Thorne (“ Let the Right One In ”) and the production’s director, John Tiffany (“ Once ”).
Now it’s for the opposite reason.
She is something else entirely: a whirlwind of ferocious intelligence and canny instinct, elusive and magnetic.” ( netflix.com )
“It’s a pretty good bill as it is,” Mr. Corker said in an interview.
In Bristol during the early 1980s, graffiti arrived during a storm of cultural change.
De um modo mais geral, aqueles entre nós que defendem uma revisão da imigração estão, basicamente, pedindo o reconhecimento oficial do status quo , oferecendo uma condição legal a alguns dos cerca de 11,2 milhões de trabalhadores irregulares que não estão indo embora.
The coach’s challenge was introduced as a rule this season.
He documented the project on his website, degreeoffreedom.org, and in a new book exploring the wider phenomenon of massive open online courses, or MOOCs.
A search on Aug. 20 on the real estate site StreetEasy in the under-$500,000 category turned up 156 condos and co-ops for sale in Manhattan with outdoor space, out of a total of 373 apartments.
Former Representative Barney Frank , the Massachusetts Democrat, writes in Politico Magazine about his life as a gay congressman.
But only about 14 percent do.
Party City is just one of 1,262 companies that filed the required disclosures on their use of so-called conflict minerals.
The statement from the new owners that said Mr. Hengel had “accepted a voluntary buyout offer” appears to have been written before he, in fact, accepted it.
Certification systems and labeling, such as EnergyStar in the United States, have been instrumental in signaling potential savings to consumers.
But Dan Logan also drinks from a flask and appears to take pride in emitting sentences like ”You’re a woman who deserves more than coffee in some lobby.” That such lines then lodge in Virginia’s head, leading to petulant self-pity, tells us that we’re not dealing with the Virginia of earlier and better seasons.
Oregon’s Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback, Marcus Mariota, walking off the field after the Ducks’ loss.
“National security is paramount.” When Azraq opened, it was one of four camps housing displaced Syrians.
Natl Guard & Cops Out of BMore.” Heather Cottin, 72, of Freeport on Long Island, who teaches history part time at LaGuardia Community College, and Teresa Gutierrez, 64, an organizer from Queens, were among them.
In American religion, Robinson believes, moral rigor has become an obligation “to turn and judge that great sinful world the redeemed have left behind,” and self-righteous Christians can be “outrageously forgiving of one another and themselves, and very cruel in their denunciation of anyone else.” Christianity has become a mere marker of identity, even a sign of electoral eligibility, and Calvin’s cosmic Christ has degenerated into an “imaginary friend” in a faith that focuses solely on “personal salvation” and “accepting Jesus as your Lord and Savior.” Christianity in her view has thus become the opposite of itself, and Christians seem preoccupied with “sins” Jesus never mentioned.
“I am 100 percent in love with Wayne, and Wayne is in love with me, but it’s nothing sexual in any way.
A tough guy, as tough as they come.” Mr. Nicoleau, Mr. Mason’s later-life friend from recreational basketball and the gym, acknowledged that side of Mr. Mason’s personality.
It’s a place of great ideas influencing the next generation.
Motion workshop, Saturday from noon to 2:30 p.m.; camera building, Sunday from noon to 2 p.m.; print swap, Sunday from 6 to 8 p.m.) After learning how to spruce up your Instagram feed, you can put that knowledge to work at any of the more than 100 free art exhibitions that have been installed on Governors Island.
It is mostly absent the undesirable bro contingent choking Lower East Side bars, even without any official door policy.
Londoño agrega que si se hiciera un referendo para ratificar el acuerdo de paz, no participaría: “Sería como lanzar nuestro voto al viento”, concluyó.
The security forces in Saudi Arabia have carried out a nationwide dragnet in recent months that resulted in the arrest of more than 400 people believed to be connected to the Islamic State jihadist group, the Saudi Interior Ministry said on Saturday.
And at Mile 26, finish line in sight, he said he was in too much pain to make it.
The latest numbers underscore the impact of paying benefits to a growing number of retiring baby boomers.
When he gets angry with her and says, “Look at me,” he sees his own image in the laptop camera recording the two of them and reacts as though he’s just caught a familiarly unpleasant image of himself in a mirror.
He graduated from Bowdoin College and received a law degree from Duke.
Last year, 29 percent of Mississippi’s same-sex-couple households were raising children younger than 18 — the highest percentage of any state in the nation, the complaint said.
magazines, video from a raucous protest over banning folk singers from Washington Square, the street sign from Gerdes Folk City and plenty of songs on headphones evoke idealism and ambition in “Folk City.” The exhibition explores how New York City became a magnet for and a champion of rural styles and then the center of a pop-folk movement, from leftist “people’s music” efforts in the 1930s and ’40s, and the Red Scare reaction, to the civil rights rallies, coffeehouses and hootenannies of the folk revival at its peak.
But these had been claimed and tagged by a watch company with signs that hung below, reading “Timed by Benrus.” What they weren’t trivializing or coarsening with commerce, railroad executives were simply neglecting.
Should Vivendi spend less on acquisitions than it anticipates over the next two years, the company said that it might return even more money.
The last time I saw the Ringling Brothers elephants was two years ago, at a circus conference in Tampa, where eight members of the performing herd were showing off in a makeshift yard in an arena parking lot.
And there’s also the scientific data behind how much plastic is actually in the water and the microplastics and the damage it is doing to the fish life and to us indirectly from humans consuming those fish.
He got the idea for such races from a nighttime show at the Disney California Adventure park, where visitors are dazzled by colorful fog, mist, lights, fire and lasers.
Updates in brackets | What a season it has been for demonstrating how severe weather in the United States is shaped by, and shapes, conditions elsewhere around the planet.
Collins planned to address his players before they worked out in Los Angeles on Thursday.
They share all their data on request, without any regulations; they put everything online before sending out papers for review.
“But you mustn’t say anything to Zohra about this,” my father added.
Among the top voter issues sure to spark debate is clarifying the island’s complex relationship with China.
The executive, Frank Tuch, 48, Volkswagen’s head of quality control, is the fifth in a high-ranking post to be suspended in connection with revelations that 11 million Volkswagen vehicles were equipped with software designed to trick emissions tests.
A reader, Adam Lawrence, of New York City, said he was “thrilled and engrossed” as he read the magazine piece this past weekend on the former basketball star, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , until he encountered a racial slur in the text.
If Justice Stoltz were to dismiss some of the grand larceny charges, it would further whittle down the prosecution’s case at any future trial.
Tal vez, dijo Jorge, había habido algún tipo de confusión en el hospital; una enfermera había cambiado a un bebé de uno de los pares de gemelos idénticos con otro bebé de otro par de gemelos idénticos.
Oct. 16 at 8 p.m. $35.
This decades-old principle stems from the belief that the tawdry practice corrupts the authenticity of information: If I pay you to tell me your story, you may distort its details to up the value.
| Blackstone Group’s Intertrust NV, a provider of legal and corporate services, plans to sell shares in an initial public offering in Amsterdam.
“People have said, ‘How could you invalidate everything I’ve gone through?’ ” she said.
On a recent evening, the herring was buried deep and close to undetectable, and the beets were as sweet as shattered macarons.
He wrote: Embryonic-custody cases are rare, but not unheard-of, as IVF and other forms of assisted reproduction become more common.
Wild swings of that kind are partly why swimming’s governing body, FINA, added the mixed relays to the world championships program.
“I thought they were positive but it’s not a very flattering portrait,” she said.
Instead, they had to settle for football facilities.
We’ll set some new goals for the end of the year, it’s all we can do.” The Bryans had beaten Johnson and Querrey in the second round of Wimbledon in July before losing in the quarterfinals.
Also, some cigarettes today are self-extinguishing.
Kelsey Theater, West Windsor Campus, Mercer County Community College, 1200 Old Trenton Road.
Thirty thousand people turned out to watch the conflagration, while Barnum’s menagerie spilled onto Broadway.
“The risk of being wrong is extremely costly if the storm were anywhere near as big as forecast,” Ms. Lowenstein said.
Prime Minister David Cameron , having achieved a smashing and unexpected outright victory in Britain ’s general election, heads into his second term facing severe challenges to his nation’s identity and place in the world: how to keep the United Kingdom in the European Union and Scotland in the United Kingdom.
“I say it all the time: Sometimes I still feel like I don’t understand the triangle,” he said after practice Thursday.
It is no surprise, then, that Ms. Wade’s search funneled her to neighborhoods that were only marginally better, and in some cases worse, than her current residence.
Most of the rest of the world has moved on from the death penalty, in some cases long ago.
Maybe for you it’s something simple like taking a class or two at the local college.
JONATHAN A. GREENBLATT National Director Anti-Defamation League New York
It is at 109th Street and Amsterdam Avenue, not Columbus.
By comparison, about 17 percent of women who married for the first time in the 1970s kept their names, a number that fell to 14 percent in the more conservative 1980s before rising to 18 percent in the 1990s, the Google survey shows.
And it’s called the Internet of Things.
The infected cooling towers in Morris Park — on buildings including the Bronx Psychiatric Center and Albert Einstein College of Medicine facilities — were discovered after inspectors tested 35 towers in the area this past weekend.
In an emailed statement, the I.O.C.
Amazingly to those familiar with the city, it is not only thriving, but also attracting talent.
Sign up below.” “Twitter is great for that because it can pre-populate email addresses on the sign-up page,” said Jason Keath, the company’s chief executive.
Many ransomware viruses originate in Russia and other former Soviet bloc countries.
The clinic will be closed on Wednesday, according to a statement on the Veterans Affairs Department’s website.
“Those sort of reckless days with contractors running around like cowboys are over,” said one senior industry executive, speaking on the condition of anonymity.
It depicts a blond-haired woman in an orange skirt and a flowered blouse who is lying on a grid composed of telephone wires.
In 2008, she guided board members and prospective donors through the many places where water was seeping into the exhibition galleries of the country’s oldest continuously operating art museum, founded in 1842.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu declined an invitation to speak with Democratic senators during his upcoming visit to the United States, saying that it could “compound misperception of partisanship.” “We offered the prime minister an opportunity to balance the politically divisive invitation from Speaker Boehner with a private meeting with Democrats who are committed to keeping the bipartisan support of Israel strong,” Mr. Durbin said in a statement.
Both use a lot of cloud computing, mobility, social media and big-data resources in their data centers.
“This level of violence must be stopped.” He added that if tighter gun regulations “were to result in a reduction of only 10 or 15 percent of those numbers (and it could be a good deal greater), it would be well worth making it the law of the land.” Republicans, listen to your sainted leader.
The foundation itself issued a statement saying car donation programs were very expensive to administer and its charitable giving “meets or exceeds industry standards.” Investigators said the foundation would pay one of the founder’s for-profit companies for managing the charity’s operations and fund-raising, and another associated company for towing, scrapping or reselling donated vehicles.
But there is still time to avert catastrophe, Dr. McCauley and his colleagues also found.
MILLBURN Paper Mill Playhouse “Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike,” comedy by Christopher Durang.
“You were born and we named you Mark because I always liked it,” Mom explained.
So-called “reconciliation” would allow Republicans to pass major health care changes that cannot be filibustered in the Senate — as long as those changes impact the government’s spending and revenue.
“We’re always interested in what we can do that is truly unique, that is truly different,” he said.
(He advanced to the third round with his victory on Friday and then to the fourth round with a victory on Saturday.)
“A crack in the ground, sparkling gravel, a tuft of grass, some crushed debris, offer equally worthy subjects for your applause and admiration.” In MoMA’s stimulating show, drawn entirely from its collection, we can see how Dubuffet’s earthbound gaze nourished his reinvention of the painted surface.
But he suddenly looks much more like a full-speed-ahead candidate than I expected, and — in what counts as clear bad news for Rubio and Christie, among others — many of the party’s donors and operatives seem not at all deterred by his fraternal connection to a deeply unpopular president.
“It took the death of those kids and the public embarrassment to change the attitude on this at the White House, and we have now seen a change,” said Marc Allen Tice, the father of Austin Tice , an American freelance journalist who disappeared in Syria in 2012.
Rodriguez doubled in a run in his next at-bat, one of three extra-base hits the Yankees had against Niese in their four-run second.
“We’ve all lost someone,” he said.
Iceland outscored Germany 22-12 in the final quarter as Jon Steffansson topped all scorers with 23 points for the team considered an outsider in the tough Group B.
To ascertain that we were measuring the effects of diversity, not culture or history, we examined a variety of ethnic and racial groups.
Irvin Mayfield and the New Orleans Jazz Orchestra.
The House vote, 239 to 186, generally followed party lines.
Five moles appear on the menu, although, like the beautifully briny meatballs, they are not always available; it’s best to order in advance.
All share the same basic characteristics: bright colors, straight knee-length skirts, three-quarter sleeves and a complete lack of controversy.
After taking a still photograph, she turned to the Obamas’ two dogs, Bo and Sunny, who were sitting nearby to greet visitors.
Captain Hammarstedt sailed within 400 feet of the Thunder before reaching for a reference binder — an Interpol “mug shots” guide featuring silhouettes of illegal fishing vessels.
FOOD The Close at Hand column last Wednesday reported on the chef Ratha Chaupoly of the Num Pang sandwich shops in New York, and the painting that he named as the most treasured item in his home kitchen.
Owners say poor credit would make it difficult to secure a bond.
#ThisIsAmerica #StateOfTheUnion #SOTU — Jorge Rivas (@thisisjorge) January 21, 2015 Just sayin' …average hourly earnings have gone down in the last decade #ThisIsAMERICA #SOTU //t.co/RwBH7nUViQ pic.twitter.com/kCM8vYhhs6 — Jorge Rivas (@thisisjorge) January 21, 2015 Jana Kasperkevic of The Guardian shares some perspectives on class in America: Obama says that: "middle-class economics works" Our readers say #middleclass is living from one crisis to the next //t.co/r08SjT7WAS — Jana Kasperkevic (@kasperka) January 21, 2015 The New York Times op-ed columnist Charles M. Blow draws a parallel: That "sorted into factions" language was very interesting.
Then, there really will be unemployment,” said Christian Sobo, a retired building worker.
The joke, as revealed in today’s acrostic puzzle, goes like this: “[T]hree brothers… inherited… parcels of land from their father and wanted to combine them into one… ranch.
Second, accurate dynamic scoring requires more information than congressional proposals typically provide.
On top of this lining, his wife had poured the wat , which typically was just shiro: mashed lentils cooked in butter and spices, the poor man’s staple.
I am still trying to pay off the line of credit that got me through the recession.
Separately, Mr. Obama called on Wednesday for an end to therapies aimed at “repairing” gay, lesbian and transgender youth.
(Jon Pareles) Museum of the City of New York: ‘Jacob A. Riis: Revealing New York’s Other Half’ (through March 20) The Danish immigrant muckraker’s stark photographs, coupled with his documents from the New York Public Library and the Library of Congress, vividly portray the changing face of poverty since Riis exposed the poor to an oblivious public 125 years ago and remind viewers of the lingering challenges.
After Russia’s intervention in Ukraine, it was kicked out of the Group of 8, and Mr. Obama’s contacts with Mr. Putin were limited even further to occasional telephone calls and passing encounters, such as brief words they exchanged on the sidelines of two international economic summit meetings last November in China and Australia.
Patchogue Theater for the Performing Arts, 71 East Main Street.
Palmer, then the sport’s biggest star, was making his first trip to the British Open on its 100th anniversary; he had already won six tournaments in 1960, including two majors, the Masters and the United States Open, but he started slowly, and as the final round began, he was four strokes behind Nagle.
His snack was interrupted by a gaggle of reporters who entered the team’s lair with questions about an upcoming game against Dayton, which will play in what is essentially its third home game in five days in the N.C.A.A.
Of the eight Sassoon children, only one had jumped out the window and survived; the rest died in their rooms.
var data; function jsonSlideshowCallback(response){ data = response; } NYTD.options = { source: data, cropType: 'blog480', appendTo: 'fullScreenSlideShow', showHeadLine: 'false' , renderstyle: "embeddedSlideShowTmag"} If the intersection of comedy, contemporary art and San Diego sounds like a strange brew, then brace yourself: Today the Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego in La Jolla opens an exhibition called “ Laugh-in ,” gathering 20 artists whose work utilizes humor in all its modes.
Dr. Oreskes is fast becoming one of the biggest names in climate science — not as a climatologist, but as a defender who uses the tools of historical scholarship to counter what she sees as ideologically motivated attacks on the field.
In a good way .
“Of the women, she’s the one who moves, far and away, the best,” Mouratoglou said.
BRIDGEPORT Housatonic Museum of Art “Rick Shaefer: Drawing the Line.” Through March 27.
The cause was congestive heart failure, said Arthur L. Slotkin, a spokesman for the family and the author of “Doing the Impossible: George E. Mueller and the Management of NASA ’s Human Spaceflight Program.” “This day man’s oldest dream is made a reality — this day the ancient bonds tying him to the earth have been broken,” Dr. Mueller (pronounced Miller) wrote in The New York Times on July 21, 1969 , the day after Neil Armstrong took his giant leap for mankind on the lunar surface.
Afterward, “patients may have cramping.
They also raise questions about the breadth of the terrorist network surrounding the attackers and challenge an assumption that one of them, Abdelhamid Abaaoud , was the chief planner.
“I guess we could have declared the day ourselves,” said Phil Sklar , co-founder and chief executive of the bobblehead museum.
30 Henrik Lundqvist sweaters and No.
Senator John Kerry buried himself in his work after losing his 2004 presidential bid to George W. Bush and eventually emerged as President Obama’s secretary of state.
She put herself into a coma and passed away a few days later.
Two bombings believed to have been carried out by Boko Haram militants killed about 50 people at a market in the northeastern city of Gombe on Thursday, a Red Cross official and a representative of the National Emergency Management Agency said.
In his monthly radio call-in show on Wednesday night, Mr. Christie reserved judgment on the United resignations — saying you could not believe everything you read — and also on Mr. Samson.
All that data would be too much to send over the Internet.
will be in Boston for a Democratic National Committee event.
I’ve never seen them this happy.” The Vidals sold the Florida house for $171,500 in August and now call Bushwick their only home.
Instead, I’d felt a gravity-less feeling, more spacewalk than fall, with no awareness of my relationship to the ground until impact.
As “Rock of Ages” closed, Second Stage sought an extension to complete its financing of the purchase; the building’s owners sought money as compensation, Second Stage sued, and a judge asked the two sides to settle the dispute , leading to the closing of the deal.
By 2010, the couple had settled in Virginia, where Mr. Johnson was the principal horn with the Richmond Symphony.
Berman is the right judge to navigate the pressures of the Brady-Goodell showdown, said Judge William H. Pauley III, who presided over a lawsuit that Yankees third baseman Alex Rodriguez brought against Major League Baseball last year over his suspension.
Using data about the tasks and abilities that occupations require from a Department of Labor survey called O*NET, he measured the economic return of social skills, after controlling for factors like cognitive skill, years of education and occupation.
Like virtually everyone in Gaza, he was traumatized by the war, and for him that translated into skipping school.
At various moments, it put me in mind of the work of Roberto Bolaño, Jim Harrison, the Coen brothers and the Denis Johnson of his black comedy “ Already Dead ” (1997).
We reiterate our request for people to find shelter.
“To eat a sandwich with Kalles Kaviar and an egg on it is something you long for if you haven’t been home for a long time.” The latest, more upbeat commercial , filmed in New York, is a twist on the series, with the Swedish server happening upon other Swedes visiting New York who are delighted to find a taste of home.
Mitt Romney, who eventually won the nomination, didn’t air his campaign’s first television ad until Nov. 22, 2011, a good six weeks before the Iowa caucuses kicked off the formal primary season.
Yet when captured by Bourne’s lens, one thing is abundantly clear: Much like fancy dress at Halloween, modern folk is fun.
(Brantley) ★ ‘Spring Awakening’ One of the great Broadway musicals of the past decade is born anew with this inventive revival from the Deaf West Theater company, directed with remarkable finesse by Michael Arden.
Late last month, Fulmer was named pitcher of the year in the Class AA Eastern League, where he posted better statistics than Matt Harvey or Jacob deGrom did at that level.
They are objects of terror.
Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern.
Unlike box-office numbers, revenue figures for movies released digitally are not public.
Adam Skelos, in a phone call with Mr. White in late December, suggested that his father would seek to punish the county.
“I didn’t come to this job to be risk-averse or to sit on my hands,” said Tannenbaum, who became an agent after being fired by the Jets.
Senate confirmation hearings, in the best of circumstances, can be exhausting trials and long days for both the nominee and the lawmakers involved.
When the suspension was affirmed, Beckham, in a sweeping apology, said he had embarrassed himself and Giants fans and had let his teammates down.
And yet, it was not cloying; it slipped down the gullet like satin.
One mis hears rather than just fails to hear.
Rather than showing “the world that justice is in fact being done,” as Mr. Cutler wrote, Guantánamo has come to symbolize torture and indefinite detention, and its court system has been discredited as an opaque and dysfunctional process.
The work is really great and fresh.” BOOKS Koons admits to reading the same books over and over again — regardless of the season.
Potential lenders — a preapproved group of 168, including a bevy of money market funds and the housing finance companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac — have 30 minutes to offer the Fed up to $30 billion each.
Matt Harvey and Noah Syndergaard were each under innings limits.
But while Mr. Carter’s initial military-to-military talks were limited in scope, officials indicated that the larger goal was to draw the Russians into a political process that would ultimately replace Syria’s government of President Bashar al-Assad, a longtime ally of the Kremlin.
As Pitino points out, Kentucky can win under any system.
Oct. 15-Jan. 7, Institute for the Study of the Ancient World, New York University, isaw.nyu.edu.
Dr. Goldman and his colleagues had done a lot of research on a lizard called the sandfish .
Instead he bends her, lifts her, turns her, manipulates her, allows her no space of her own.
Since 2000, the United States has maintained its front-runner status in the chemistry prize category, its citizens winning at least part of the award most years and shut out only twice, in 2007 and 2011.
Grand Theater, Foxwoods Resort Casino, 350 Trolley Line Boulevard.
His puzzle is also an excellent example of how to get started solving The New York Times crossword, if you’re a beginner (and I know you’re out there).
“A third of foundation donors who have given more than $1 million are foreign governments or other entities based outside the United States, and foreign donors make up more than half of those who have given more than $5 million,” according to The Post’s analysis.
“But Brittney is different.” Ms. Johnson also was going against her aversion to dating other athletes.
I am a Nigerian citizen.
John Kasich said that he opposed same-sex marriage, and in the next breath said he had attended a same-sex marriage.
There is no end to the practical jokes we can pull on the poor electron!
Although Mr. Bush maintains an active presence on Twitter and Facebook , the Right to Rise PAC has not run online advertising, unlike most other hopefuls, both those who have declared and those who have not.
On Thursday, the International Contemporary Ensemble explores the rich sonic palette of the composer Dai Fujikura, one of Mr. Benjamin’s students, as part of the “A Little Night Music” series.
There is a culture of repression in the legal system, too, that is alarming.
The country’s three main pro-European parties recently entered into a coalition and the Parliament narrowly approved Valeriu Strelet as its prime minister, who also supports E.U.
Since the 1960s, cardiopulmonary resuscitation — chest compressions, ventilation, defibrillation and epinephrine — has been the go-to approach to reanimate a stopped heart.
I chatted with our mayor at a party; the clerk at the mom-and-pop pharmacy smiles at me; my children lit up when we bumped into their babysitter in the stands at the high school football game.
“Senza Sangue,” based on a 2002 Italian novella by Alessandro Baricco, tells of a troubled woman bent on seeking revenge over the men who murdered her father and brother during a civil war in an unspecified country.
Wormley lashes out, calling him a pervert: “You’re only here to suck young blood!” Whitman soon learns that Wormley is actually a Rebel soldier who considers himself a traitor.
In modern times, you always got the feeling that Kobe Bryant — No.
is just doing their job,” he said.
• Newtown panel’s final report.
As if we don’t have a complicated enough nomenclature as it is.
(The 18-day festival ends on Sunday.)
Noah Syndergaard had one save in the minor leagues, in 2012 with the Lansing Lugnuts.
“You can’t diversify your economy if you don’t have funds or don’t have access to funds.
In sifting through and producing such a large number of emails, it stands to reason that some would be missed.
Unlike her, I was cursed with the knowledge that there were many things I wanted to do, but none that I was sure I could master.
The conflict in the Gaza Strip last summer also had an effect on deals, leading to just a trickle of sales.
He realized he would never be content in the sparkling white interiors of his genteel childhood.
Outside of this puzzle, ANILINE is a poisonous amine .
Those criticisms could call into question the legality of the process used by a number of federal agencies that have in-house judges who decide whether laws were violated.
President Jean-Claude Juncker of the European Commission said this past week that the European Union was making plans for humanitarian aid to Greece to cushion the blow if a third bailout was not worked out by Sunday and Greece was forced out of the euro system.
In this way, he introduces us to the life of the Son, so that his life can be our life.
I like Alexander McCall Smith’s “Emma,” but it’s hard to get emotionally wrapped up in it, because it’s hard to stop watching the technique of rewriting a classic and trying to remember what he has changed and what happened in the original.
Even the races that look fundamentally stable in comparison — like the 2008 Democratic race in Iowa — involved a come-from-behind victory over the last two weeks .
For the record, none of it was O.K.
The rest of Wednesday is a given over to the spark and pluck of emerging labels, a relative rarity in tradition-steeped Milan.
“It’s good for students borrowing for the coming school year,” said Lauren Asher, president of The Institute for College Access and Success.
Officials in California eventually came to a similar conclusion , but only after the cancellation of classes in the nation’s second-largest school district left more than 640,000 children at loose ends, upended the lives of parents, teachers and others, and caused widespread anxiety.
“Who in the world would have thought very macho Julian Schnabel had been influenced by her?” Yet, as it happens, the Brooklyn-born Mr. Schnabel also spent part of his youth in Brownsville, Tex.
Using a stepladder, Mr. Schwartz examined five holes slightly larger than the size of a hole punch drilled into the molding lining the hallway ceiling, angled toward the apartment door.
Did you follow that rule?
“I just had to stand there while everyone was sitting there screaming after the last sack, and I just had to soak it in.” With the Cowboys-Packers game on Sunday and the college football championship the next day, Jones seemed at midweek to be conserving his energy before another whirlwind began.
A barrel-chested man with an enormous head, he also had a voice that, at least in the good-natured imitations of friends, could project the absolute authority of a bass-baritone.
Ellis urges us to see the Anthropocene not as a crisis but as ‘the beginning of a new geological epoch ripe with human-directed opportunity.’ Romantic critics of technology (and the gloomy scientists they draw on) stand in the way of the vision’s realization.
I wanted to know what outrides what: Am I really the person I think am?
Cook ran 31 times for 177 yards and one touchdown in the Seminoles’ 37-35 victory against Georgia Tech.
Islamic State statements also claimed its fighters had killed members of Iraq ’s Shiite militias fighting in Ramadi, using derogatory terms for Shiite Muslims.
In Minecraft, players can build and destroy structures, sort of like playing virtual Legos.
(“Jim saved everything,” Karen Falk, the Jim Henson Company’s archive director, mentioned more than once during a recent interview.)
Then she begins to ask what features of the book produced this reaction: Is it the handling of plot, or the lifelikeness of character, or the quality of the prose?
“Even if the growth is small, it is growth compared to last year, which was a record year,” said Jean-Daniel Pasche, president of the Federation of the Swiss Watch Industry.
That is not what a lawsuit should be about.” If Senator Bernie Sanders thought there was any chance that he could slip past criticism for his opposition to gun control, he was mistaken.
Fernweh is the silver lining of melancholia around the cloud of happiness about being far from home.
In a lawsuit against the fraternity that ended with a $1.7 million settlement, Mr. Luong’s family said the game was simply hazing in disguise, with the Irvine players often gang-tackling members of Mr. Luong’s outnumbered team, even when they did not have the ball.
The throng of Wildcats fans who filled KFC Yum Center were entertained, but not quite as agitated as Calipari.
In the sphere of humanistic scholarship, for example, that’s conspicuous in the scholasticism that often comes to dominate one discipline or another.
After his parents, David Gross and the former Fay Kushner, divorced, he grew up mostly in the Bronx, where he lived with his father, a haberdasher.
“She was going to perform an Indian dance and play the guzheng,” a traditional Chinese string instrument, said Chen Lindi.
“I don’t belong here.” There were dozens of others with similar stories, Dominican in every way but the one that mattered: paperwork.
Let us know in the comments or by using #nytoday.
Catholic Charities Archdiocese of New York , one of the seven agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund , used $518 from the fund to pay for the premiums for those two months.
Metallica, which counted the convicted men among its fans, allowed its music to be used in the film.
Mark Bolas, an associate professor in the school of cinematic arts at the University of Southern California and an expert on virtual and augmented reality, praised Microsoft’s efforts.
Unicef has received reports that she has been seen alive in the country.
Sadly, recruitment profiteering didn’t end with the Civil War.
While that, indeed, might be the best outcome for Greece, Mr. Tsipras is unlikely to agree to it.
The Mayor’s Gallery, 888 Washington Boulevard, 10th Floor.
This trio, all South Americans, scored a combined 133 goals this calendar year.
Mr. White described Mr. Turnbull as a “terrifically passionate person” with a strong drive and a formidable intellect, especially where policy is concerned.
And the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee will hold hearings on the Transportation Security Administration, whose acting director was recently reassigned after screeners found severe flaws in the airport checkpoint system.
In the missing-persons report, the police described Manannan Mac Lir as “a well-known, six-foot-tall striking local male with an athletic build.” “He has shoulder-length hair held back with a headband and has a beard,” the report continued .
What happens in New York in Mr. Nakli’s play — that’s mere melodrama.
These victories largely were based on running against an unpopular President Obama and overpromising.
Family and friends are important to him, just as they were to Cromwell.
I’m trying to beat Shaan before he wakes up.
In being defiantly Asian-American, he has been redefining what it means to be Asian-American.” For Mr. Huang, who has made sport of radical transparency and whose taste for truth has closed almost as many doors as it opened, this path wasn’t exactly intentional.
She knocked off three seeded players to reach the semifinal.
The next-best month was March 2000, the height of the dot-com bubble, when it rose 132 points.
Her father, who worked in Hartford, retired as an accountant and the fiscal administrative supervisor for the State of Connecticut Teachers’ Retirement Board.
“I think no matter how socially acceptable being gay becomes, and thank God it’s continually getting better, there’s something about being on this magical island where everyone is like you and you can be entirely yourself and be as ridiculous as you want to be or as romantic and loving in public as you want to be,” Mr. Nash said when I caught up with him back in New York a week later.
And does such a child play on the boys’ sports team, or the girls’ team?
With banks closed and capital controls imposed, there’s not that much more damage to be done.
Software is playing an increasing role in helping drivers navigate and avoid accidents.
My many years of observing the effects of Santo Daime’s ayahuasca ceremonies confirm this, leading me to think that the pilot research on ayahuasca by Dr. Charles Grob of U.C.L.A.
I will vote for the nominee.
“This is the price of being so successful — what you’re seeing is that when a company becomes dominant, its dominance precludes it from dominating the next thing.
(Its members, all terrific, are Mikai Anthony, Eloise Celine, Margalit Duclayan, Jasper Newell, Maeve Press, Matthew Quirk and Aja Nicole Webber.)
IRVINGTON Irvington High School “Red, Hot and Cool,” the Westchester Choral Society.
So far, our son-in-law has balked at all estimates for repair and told my son to submit an insurance claim.
To the Editor: Recognizing this country’s history of white supremacy and racial oppression, Rachel Dolezal understands blackness to be significant less as a biological fact than as a political and cultural identity, and she has chosen to become black on these terms.
Probably the latter, but let’s not be hasty in our judgment.
“We don’t mind giving you samples, but we are giving you lunch!” said Matt Bartlett, a worker at Bowman’s.
It is not uncommon for stocks to rally into the end of the year, as investors close their books and reposition themselves for the next year.
He played in January at Dizzy’s Club Coca-Cola and at the Blue Note last September.
This case has been a nightmare.”
The longest such streak in the majors since 1912 is 32 innings by the 1963 St. Louis Cardinals.
Consider these two truthful sentences: Academics who study corporate finance overwhelmingly believe that conglomerates — giant companies that operate in a wide range of industries, often built through acquisitions — are an awfully inefficient way to organize businesses.
Vargas did not enter the United States in violation of the immigration laws of his own volition, but rather came to the United States at the age of 5 at the hand of his mother.” The first thing Mr. Vargas did upon receiving the news on Wednesday was call his 70-year-old mother, Teresa Galindo, on Staten Island.
During Mr. Clinton’s 1992 campaign, Betsey Wright, a close aide, coined the term “bimbo eruptions” in describing rumors of extramarital affairs involving the candidate.
Private equity is second at $76 billion.
“He was there, right next to me,” said Chase, one of the many celebrities to come to the U.S. Open during the tournament.
It’s a story of ultimate outsiders turned ultimate insiders, which makes it as blissfully American as apple pie, low riders and gangster rap itself.
Es bonito creer que soy parte de una generación más madura y racional en las que mentalidades como las de mi abuelo están desapareciendo por muerte natural.
The galleries Zieher Smith and Sean Horton joined forces last year, doubling their abilities to find young or underexposed talent.
Leif Trogen, an official at the Swedish Bankers’ Association, acknowledged that banks were earning substantial fee income from the cashless revolution.
DealBook » Peltz’s Trian Fund Takes Aim at DuPont’s Recent Gains | Trian Fund Management, the activist investment firm run by the billionaire Nelson Peltz, claimed credit on Wednesday for driving DuPont’s recent changes and stock performance over the last two years, The Wall Street Journal writes.
According to the Florida Division of Elections, the application requires a signature because the voter is swearing or affirming an oath.
SERMON ON THE ROCKS The literary-minded songwriter Josh Ritter — he has published a novel, “Bright’s Passage” — recharges his music on his eighth studio album, “Sermon on the Rocks” (Pytheas/Thirty Tigers).
This poem is always in my mind when class or fame has made a difference, because it’s the great equalizer.
At least the Bills are second in the N.F.L.
According to Pew data from 2013, the most recent year for which numbers are available, 54 percent of those making less than $30,000 a year have broadband, compared with 88 percent of those making more than $75,000.
Chris Christie of New Jersey demanded, turning his fire on Mr. Bush and the moderators, who had asked about regulation of the fantasy sports industry.
For other acts on Ork Records, the boxed set is a welcome companion to the mythology that has grown around New York punk’s genesis — the tattered clothes and drug-addled mystique that later became part of the genre’s marketability.
“I told them those boards couldn’t be loaded that way,” Mr. Eiswirth wrote to the Haggler, “and they said, ‘We’re professionals.
And if they were true friends, they would not simply take the money, but would reciprocate with their own deposit, so that no money was ever lost between you.
In recent years, they have been joined by those in government-subsidized apartments for the elderly in Bedford Park and elsewhere in the Bronx.
A leadoff walk and a home run by Ian Desmond tied the score, and with two outs the Nationals came up with three straight hits to take the lead for the first time.
Zwirner and Eustice also took notes from the Austrian artist Franz West, who used tribal wax prints for furniture coverings in the late ’80s.
They also point to a study by George Mason University’s Mercatus Center, which receives much of its funding from business groups, that suggests as many as four million workers could have their hours cut below 30 by employers avoiding mandated health coverage.
It is not something we made up.
At 8 p.m., Treehouse Theater, 154 West 29th Street, Chelsea, 212-244-1722, treehousetheaternyc.com.
“Amazing Grace,” the first musical to open on Broadway this season, will also be the first to close: its producers announced Wednesday night that they would shutter the production next month.
Home for Nirra Fields these days is a room in a five-bedroom suite on the U.C.L.A.
He went back to college and graduated with a 3.9 grade point average.
In the end, it wasn’t close .
“5 Flights Up” would be nothing without its stars, whose humanity warms up a movie that otherwise portrays New Yorkers as coldblooded, slightly crazy, hypercompetitive sharks.
Most Texas politicians also took particular delight in the art of horse trading, in Austin and Washington.
I’m just trying to get off to a good start.” He is playing better than anyone at the moment, a winner in three of his last five tournaments, including his first major.
Behind him, at Summit’s offices in Eden, was a wall lined with photos of inspired cabin designs.
I’m a filmmaker, and this would be your peers acknowledging your work.
Garden Variety | 9 a.m.
We can continue to do what we are doing right now, which is to work hard to maintain our collective culture of silence.
Now what can you infer about the article’s content from the headline?
said that the agency “required the fund to put in place investor and market protections, including ongoing commission oversight and provisions involving an orderly and fair process as a condition of its approval of the order.” Third Avenue’s general counsel, W. James Hall, said that he did not think there would be any additional delay in investors in the fund getting repaid.
In “ The Plot Twist: E-Book Sales Slip, and Print Is Far From Dead ,” Alexandra Alter writes: Five years ago, the book world was seized by collective panic over the uncertain future of print.
At 8 p.m., Upright Citizens Brigade Theater, 307 West 26th Street, Chelsea, 212-366-9176, newyork.ucbtheatre.com.
At least 22 people were killed and 50 wounded when a bomb tore through a marketplace in a Shiite town in northwestern Pakistan on Sunday, officials said.
And analysts expect megablockbuster grosses only to grow.
For Children NEWARK New Jersey Performing Arts Center “The Musical Adventures of Flat Stanley,” musical comedy adapted by the Dallas Children’s Theater.
In a separate study, undercover investigators from the accountability office created 18 fictitious identities and filed applications in their names.
“It meant everything,” George said.
With Alex Rodriguez suspended and Brian McCann enduring his worst season, the Yankees missed the playoffs for a second straight year.
Instead, Mr. Rao said he woke up early on Dec. 4 and was “shocked” at the images that the rappers Maino, Jay Watts and Uncle Murda had chosen.
DEATH IS RULED ACCIDENTAL The death of the former N.F.L.
“My father chose it.” Her father’s name — “Sexto” in the article — was also misspelled in the police account.
Reports of a firefight this month between the competing bands of jihadists in the remote district of Kajaki, in Helmand Province, quickly created a stir.
Mr. Lambert was an effete Oxford graduate and the son of the Royal Ballet composer Constant Lambert; Mr.
As a sign of respect, many would also bend down on one knee.
According to a statement from Mr. Simons, who is also the founder of a namesake men’s wear brand based in Antwerp, Belgium, the decision was “based entirely and equally on my desire to focus on other interests in my life, including my own brand, and the passions that drive me outside of my work.” Sidney Toledano, chief executive of Christian Dior Couture, and Bernard Arnault, the chairman of LVMH, thanked Mr. Simons for “his exceptional contribution to the House.” 17 Photos View Slide Show › That contribution centered not only on Mr. Simons’s ability to take the heritage couture house into the 21st century, constantly updating classic shapes such as the Bar jacket with contemporary materials and silhouettes, but also on a sense of personal renewal he brought to the brand after the bruising and very public firing of the former creative director John Galliano for anti-Semitic comments in 2011.
He is the son of the late Agnes A. Hopmann and the late Edward L. Hopmann, who lived in Webster Groves, Mo.
The ruling party bases its legitimacy on delivering high rates of growth and employment.
Mr. Bush’s loyalists are determined to create an identity for him separate from his brother, former President George W. Bush.
But you have to give him a chance — you’ve got to give him a legitimate chance.” General Manager Sandy Alderson pointed out that Flores has more errors now than he did last year with the Mets, indicating that his issue was partly mental.
that’s the new shame o’ the week.
But seeing the show’s sole example in context, surrounded by earlier photographs that inspired the series, made a difference.
Justice Breyer’s home is not far from Harvard Law School, where he taught for many years, and the federal courthouse where he served before joining the Supreme Court in 1994.
Catholics should not try to convert Jews, but should work together with them to fight anti-Semitism, the Vatican said on Thursday in a far-reaching document meant to solidify its increasingly positive relations with Jews.
“It was, ‘How bad will Michigan lose?’ ” (The answer last year was 35-11.)
To the delight of dedicated fans, the “Star Wars” movies can now be accessed digitally — Jedi-like timing to whet audience appetite for the seventh episode in the franchise, “Star Wars: The Force Awakens,” due in theaters this December.
Weekdays at 10:30 a.m. and noon, with an additional 2:30 p.m. show on Wednesday; Saturdays and Sundays at 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. (This Friday’s show at 10:30 a.m. is sold out.)
Price’s last victory in the postseason came in his rookie year, in the American League Championship Series against Boston.
Friday and Saturday at 8 p.m., Tuesday and Thursday at 7:30 p.m., Avery Fisher Hall, Lincoln Center, 212-875-5656, nyphil.org.
It could dissuade more Afghans from joining the refugee exodus.
He is “lowborn” but sharp, a traveler, a linguist.
The next batter flied out, but Trout’s hustle kept the inning alive for what came next: a walk by Albert Pujols and run-scoring hits by Prince Fielder and Cain.
Nobody likes to be talked down to in public, unless it’s so serious you need to present it to the whole team.
The diverse cast of models sported a range of hairstyles: some short, some long, some with fringe and some slicked back.
Mr. Zetsche said he thought it was good that Silicon Valley was showing an interest in the car business.
Investors should be ready to make a down payment of at least 40 percent to 50 percent of the value of the property.
After combing through thousands of works of art culled from multiple time zones on view at Frieze New York this weekend, you might ask yourself, where does the May 2015 contemporary art zeitgeist converge?
“The man for whom this story is told may or may not be alive,” he writes.
“The Nordic Body: Choreographers From the Land of the Midnight Sun” was one of the 92nd Street Y’s more unusual evenings and not merely because of the free cocktails provided by the Consulate General of Sweden.
In time for high-season holiday travel, the British artist Bruce Munro will unveil two outdoor light installations in Arizona.
Many prominent legislators refused to serve under him in opposition to his economic policies and his personal positions, including withdrawing from NATO, ending Britain’s nuclear deterrent and consistently criticizing American policy.
From where I stand, behind the counter, they appear to be intense about their children, the efficiency of their digestive tracts and the cleanliness of their livers.
God has given us the ability to understand these laws and asked from us to act accordingly,” Mr. Gormez declared.
The star is the surfing, and the waves, which the author studies all over the world, from a hundred different angles.
The crowd of supporters and media outside city hall continued to grow as passers-by honked and hooted from passing cars.
“It put us on the edge of our seats the whole way through.”
“People worry about having too many low-end jobs being created,” she said.
From 1996 to 2002, when he coached a struggling Big East team in Providence, Jabir was 0-8 against the Huskies, losing by an average of 45.9 points, with drubbings of 78 and 65.
Mr. Lynch’s words and actions were widely criticized.
Still, it was the highest nine-month average since 2004 and consistent with a 3 percent annualized rate of increase in consumer spending.
But while the Mets have surpassed early expectations, the Marlins have sputtered to a 3-9 start, and players have begun voicing their displeasure.
In 2013, there were an average of 469 flight hours per helicopter, a nearly 20 percent decline from 2006, and the lowest number since at least 1980, according to research by Dr. Ira J. Blumen, a professor of medicine at the University of Chicago and an expert in emergency medical transport.
Mr. Griffin is the head of Citadel, a $26 billion hedge fund and securities firm that has helped him to amass a personal fortune of $7 billion, according to Forbes estimates.
— Dennis Overbye The British journalist and adventurer Tim Butcher may be best known for his writings from Africa, or his most recent book on the teenage assassin who killed Archduke Ferdinand and set off World War I.​ I knew him first in the Middle East, when he was a reporter for The Daily Telegraph.​ Here, he writes a lovely piece about legacy, guilt, memory and generosity, all around a lost family ring.
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, who is leaving his post soon, backs sending defensive weapons to the Ukrainian forces.
Remember, though, that all of the party’s presidential nominees since 1988 have been closer to the Hamiltonian wing.
It’s the day 20 years ago that they say was the final step in privatizing the Internet , when the government decommissioned a backbone network.
Microsoft released Windows 10, its long-awaited sequel to Windows 8, to mainly positive reviews .
“A Friend of the Earth” and “Drop City” demonstrated that he could do it all — comedy and compassion, psychologically vivid characters combined with big ideas about America and the American dream.
For us it’s about the clothing; it’s always going to be about that.”
Ralph Fiennes plays a hotel concierge in the fictional Central-European republic of Zubrowka in the fateful year of 1932.
It became a hub of business, with concrete factories and limestone banks radiating out from the plaza.
How could she be arrested simply because she was seen “on the pavement near Mr. Green just before he fell”?
Details New Effort to Support Ailing Bees ” (news article, May 20): In early May 2013, just days after the European Union banned the three most commonly used neonicotinoids on plants that attract honeybees, the Agriculture Department and the Environmental Protection Agency released a report on honeybee health.
ALEXIS SOLOSKI CALL AND RESPONSE An unexpected wolf whistle, soft and low, from someone in the chicly dressed first-night audience at “ Henry IV ,” as the players, in prison costume, were marched single file through the lobby of the new St. Ann’s Warehouse.
... Sheldon McClellan scored 12 of his 16 points in the second half for the Hurricanes, who rallied past Temple, 60-57.
“If I had this kind of season four years ago, people would say I was having a good season,” Ligety said.
The prize, inaugurated in 2003 and awarded by the Library of Congress, is intended to recognize work in disciplines not covered by the Nobel prizes.
At night, traditional Chinese red lanterns illuminate the hotels, shop fronts and Yunnanese-style restaurants lining the main road in this highland village of just over 1,000 people.
“Their reaction is always, ‘I want to read that,’ ” Katz said.
The Urban Institute’s Housing Finance Policy Center predicts in a new report the national homeownership rate will continue to drop, hitting 61.3 percent in 2030, compared with 67.3 percent in 2006.
Pope Clement VII had one, too, which he ‘‘richly adorned with gold.’’ The unicorn was a revered symbol of Christ, and its horn was believed to possess magical properties.
Canadians tend to think that, where the United States assimilates immigrants’ cultures in a melting pot, Canada allows all cultures to flourish.
The agency told Orexigen to conduct a large study to rule out that risk.
In an email, he wrote that though he had opportunities to open something in New York over the years, “the location was not right, or we as a team were not ready.” Now that he has a team that can move to New York, “I know the timing is right,” he wrote.
The show escalated the drama by borrowing a key page out of the original’s playbook.
Coincidentally, Yale held a relevant panel discussion on Wednesday examining how the pope’s upcoming environmental encyclical might influence the global climate debate.
Quiz yourself: The Word of the Day and the quiz question have been provided by Vocabulary.com .
They ran a global ready-to-wear line with that name for more than 20 years.
Brigade 166 fighters displayed some evidence that General Hifter’s coalition had been bombing their positions outside the city, even though in this case Mr. Hassan’s brigade is on a mission against the same extremists.
Learn more about the word “ recapitulate ” and see usage examples across a range of subjects on the Vocabulary dictionary .
After the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union, she helped bring both its painting and ethnographic collections to the attention of art lovers around the world — a process detailed by a 2011 documentary about the museum called “ The Desert of Forbidden Art .” Part of the tension between the museum and the authorities is that much of the art is by Russians and therefore might be considered part of the legacy of Russian colonization, although it also features the extensive ethnic materials that Mr. Savitsky collected and that would otherwise have disappeared.
More than a third of all victims were civilians, many of them children, and the rest were members of the security forces.
The possibility of retaliatory attacks by the P.K.K.
Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson during the first half.
You cataracts and hurricanoes, spout.
The song reminded me of something out of Herman’s Hermits, with its “da da-da dat da” refrains.
Vargas Llosa’s opening essay reduces its Eliotic ur-text to its crassest points, but my own version here must be crasser: After all, I have six browser tabs open, and my phone has been beeping all day.
If your neighborhood restaurant wants to apply for a liquor license, or if your local block association wants to petition for a red-light camera on a busy corner, the approvals have to come from the state.
But once they begin playing, it will change.” Many of the FIFA officials who were arrested in Zurich two weeks ago had planned to attend this tournament to watch the likes of Messi, Neymar, James Rodríguez of Colombia and Alexis Sánchez, Chile’s star forward.
He had a sack in the second quarter of the Jets’ 23-20 overtime win over the Giants last Sunday, but was carted from the sideline shortly after the play.
Genzebe Dibaba of Ethiopia set a world record with a time of 3 minutes 50.07 seconds in the women’s 1,500 meters at the Herculis Diamond League meet in Monaco.
“It made Xi Jinping look like an idiot,” he said.
“I think I understand economics better than most people because I grew up in Argentina,” Casares, now 41, told me.
Princeton Alliance Church, 20 Schalks Crossing Road.
“Our goal is not to deter or contain ISIS, but to defeat and destroy ISIS,” Mrs. Clinton said.
Previously: Noah Hawley of “Fargo,” Sarah Treem of “The Affair,” Damon Lindelof of “The Leftovers,” and more.
“I feel like that’s the most averagely executed by me,” she said.
But the corporate bar feels that the rate is too high and limits the downside for hedge funds, encouraging them to exercise appraisal rights.
It will be a challenge for the European Commission to get members to deal collectively with the migration crisis.
How you balance class and school and other stuff outside, then working out twice a day.
(Rosenberg) ★ Jewish Museum: ‘Helena Rubinstein: Beauty Is Power’ (through March 22) The first museum show devoted to the life and art collection of the cosmetics magnate Helena Rubinstein is a master class in modernism-as-marketing — one that comes with a strong female perspective on 20th-century visual culture.
I was out with my buddy, who’s black, and my girlfriend at the time, who’s white.
El Museo will offer artist talks with Miguel Luciano and Shellyne Rodriguez from its current exhibition “Presente!
I have never taken a creative-writing class, but I know a great many talented writers who teach in M.F.A.
Messages on news coverage can be e-mailed to nytnews@nytimes.com or left toll-free at 1-844-NYT-NEWS (1-844-698-6397).
“There’s a reason other automakers haven’t gone there,” said Karl Brauer, an analyst with Kelley Blue Book.
I work with teenagers in a relatively homogeneous, affluent community, and I know that many of these kids crave the disruption to this idyll that college will bring.
It ended the day down 3.6 percent, or 588.40 points, to 15,871.35.
What we do best as therapists is to be there with our patients, without expectations or judgments, without providing explanations or solutions, giving them permission to feel what they need to.
A weak bullpen, though, could keep the team from an elusive championship.
— Sheri Fink Over the past year, the geography of my beat has drawn me into some of the more controversial cases of blacks being killed by police officers and others.
The medical examiner’s office examined the bodies of Mr. Wilkie and Mr. Corley on Thursday, and their cause of death had not been determined, a spokeswoman said.
By some estimates, fewer than one in 10 adolescents get the 60 minutes of physical activity a day recommended by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Now it seems they might welcome a way out of the cliff-hanging scenario they created, since opinion polls indicate that voters would blame the Republicans for any government shutdown.
When Faisal looked it up, though, he learned that the mosque’s steering committee had posted a statement disavowing the Islamic State.
But while the predominant narrative of adoption focuses on what is gained, each adoption also entails loss for both the child and her biological family.
And just as Facebook has changed its news feed to automatically play videos hosted directly on the site, giving them an advantage compared with videos hosted on YouTube, it could change the feed to give priority to articles hosted directly on its site.
Swallow on electric bass — he has for 45 years been breaking new ground in the use of the instrument in a jazz context — will deal with overcoming alcohol dependency.
“From Clocks to Lollipops: Made in New Haven.” Through Dec. 31 $2 to $4; children under 12, free.
It’s not quite a miracle on 34th Street, but it’s close.
4 Terrapins to a 70-64 victory over visiting Penn State on Wednesday night in their Big Ten opener.
She gives us Margaret Beaufort and Margaret of ­Anjou, both Lancasters, neither of whom I would have wanted to meet in a dark alley.
Because we are able to make the products that we need and then we are independent.
I Do!,” musical by Tom Jones and Harvey Schmidt.
He had stolen 15 bases in 18 attempts through June 12, ranking among the league leaders.
The resignation underscored the deep challenges of governance facing Egypt’s leaders just weeks ahead of the country’s first parliamentary elections since the military deposed the elected Islamist president, Mohamed Morsi , in 2013.
Later, St. Louis struck the post.
And divisions in the country were intense over a coming referendum on whether to accept more painful reforms or leave the euro.
But a Vienna activist took a reporter to a “Speakers’ Corner” in a district where the Freedom Party vote has grown steadily.
Mr. Durst’s lawyers have contended that the Louisiana case is part of a collaborative effort by the authorities to give investigators in Los Angeles more time.
Alibaba’s chief executive, Daniel Zhang, said during a conference call on Monday that the company would probably use Suning’s large number of retail outlets to sell groceries and other items outside Suning’s core consumer electronics business.
The next day they started a “garbage offensive” in East Harlem, the Barrio, pulling mounds of trash left festering by the city’s sanitation department into the middle of Third Avenue and setting the refuse alight.
And while I’m publicly skeptical of the theory that digital technology usefully allows us to offload our memories, I secretly worry that it’s true enough to make deleting contacts feel a bit like shredding pages of a diary, or even zapping cells from my brain.
Puneet Bhatia, head of India for TPG, which has invested $1 billion in the country, according to industry sources, and has returned half of that money to investors, thinks the future for Indian private equity will be more attractive than in the past.
Alabama Shakes “Sound & Color” (ATO) A soul-revival time capsule was too confining for Alabama Shakes .
According to those who saw the confrontation in the classroom, what happened?
Deborah Leff , the department’s pardon attorney, has likewise pressed lawyers representing candidates for clemency to hurry up and send more cases her way.
This, in turn, spurred a contrapuntal “Let’s go, Mets” chant from the home fans.
There is no essentialized, fixed, “true identity” waiting just below the surface.
Had Promontory sued, it would have been the first significant challenge to the Department of Financial Services, which was created just four years ago.
He issued a forceful defense of his brother’s national security record, in response to a dig from Mr. Trump.
A roster of culinary heavyweights curated by Dan Kluger (formerly of ABC Kitchen) and Jonathan Benno (Lincoln Ristorante), and pastry chefs handpicked by Christina Tosi (Momofuku Milk Bar), will serve dinner at the sold-out event, which will also feature a live auction put on by Christie’s.
The earthy grain in her sound takes a little getting used to.
His company, Turing Pharmaceuticals, and others, like Valeant Pharmaceuticals, have come under fire from lawmakers and consumers for profiting from steep price increases for old drugs.
“They was wrong,” Mr. Mason, a truck driver, said.
Since that leveraged buyout, the company has labored to demonstrate to potential investors that it is more than just an Internet domain registrar with a history of risqué advertising featuring scantily clad women.
Then in the early 20th century came the first wave of the Great Migration, in which millions of Southern blacks would decamp for the North, East and West.
“Then we learned that 130 people in all died.
The 2008 Democratic primary was as intense and as long as most general election campaigns.
In claiming one particular year as the watershed moment of a place or time, authors risk falling prey to hyperbole, neglecting significant events and figures, or offering up reiterations of familiar facts.
The switch at quarterback, which has not been declared permanent, has led to a 2-0 record, but it has meant bad things for Demaryius Thomas, who had blossomed into one of the game’s best wide receivers once Manning arrived.
Meanwhile, Russia is a basket case, increasing the desire of Russian oligarchs to avoid exposure to a falling ruble.
“I’m using art as a medium to bring us back into contact with the real world,” says Zelehoski, who recently sold his largest work to date, “Open House,” 2012, to the Pompidou in Paris.
But as the investigation into what went wrong has unfolded, the Hrynenkos have not spoken publicly, and few on Second Avenue seem to have known them well.
As president, he not only didn’t try to repeal it; he vowed to protect it.
The average SAT scores for the Amityville school district in 2014 were 450 in critical reading, 420 in math and 460 in writing, compared with statewide averages of 488, 502 and 478.
When Mr. Obama announced in November that he would bypass a gridlocked Congress and enact an immigration overhaul on his own, it was a chance to make good on a promise in a way that had eluded him for years.
engaged four law firms for the case and spent tens of millions of dollars in legal fees.
He added, “Others can be targeted because of their behavior, i.e., whether they present a threat to the force.” One European diplomat said that, whatever the official rules of engagement for American forces, the international community was relieved to see the United States battling the Taliban, given the risk to the government amid the insurgent offensive this year.
Housing advocates said the city could allow Tishman Speyer to do so, but only if the developer included affordable units in its plan for the three towers.
It’s been an up-and-down couple of weeks for A$AP Rocky.
It is a take on his Black Label burger, made for Minetta Tavern, though not an exact copy.
But some of the problems are more easily addressed through housing policy.
On iOS, the app has an Apple Watch extension so you can see the lyrics on your wrist.
The Harvard T. H. Chan School of Public Health has worked with gun dealers in New Hampshire to display brochures and posters that describe warning signs for suicide and tell people how they can keep guns from at-risk family members and friends.
Asked if he would support a prisoner exchange, Mr. Rouhani said in that interview: “I don’t particularly like the word ‘exchange,’ but from a humanitarian perspective, if we can take a step, we must do it.
“There are plenty of reasons why a vessel could begin taking on water,” Petty Officer Laberdesque said.
So why does he go there?
Most of us think we’re better than the average investor, and men trade more than women.
The satellite company Planet Labs and the drone companies 3D Robotics and Airware also appear on the list, showing how investors are betting on the skies as a source of future profit.
Wright pointed with his chin to the long river of a pitcher who sat next to him.
debtor to employ it was Zambia several decades ago.
Their easygoing retirement bliss is a rebuke to their daughters’ midlife misery.
One of his best known, the 1936 “ Street Scene, London ,” resembles a production still from film noir.
The other corners didn’t turn out quite as smoothly, but I was nonetheless pleased to work in MASS EXODUS, TRAVEL TIME, ELECTROLUX, RAZORBACKS and SLEAZEBALL.
United Nations monitors found that they were escaping “precise and targeted campaigns of intimidation and terror.” “What the people of Burundi are telling us is that they fear their country is on the brink of devastating violence,” Zeid Ra’ad al-Hussein, the United Nations’ high commissioner for human rights, recently told a gathering of the Security Council.
And in January, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered an investigation into accusations that Shiite militiamen massacred 70 people in Diyala Province after pro-government forces expelled Islamic State militants.
This puzzle was accepted a while back but just recently when looking at the grid I decided I could do better so I asked Will if he’d consider a revision.
Do you have any tips?
Mondays through Saturdays, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Stamford Museum & Nature Center, 39 Scofieldtown Road.
He didn’t say to take it down.
“There has been a cultural and philosophical shift in law enforcement in combating drug addiction in the last year,” said T. J. Donovan, the state’s attorney in Chittenden County, which encompasses Burlington.
On one point, the Obama administration and its critics appear to agree: As challenging as Ramadi has proved for the Iraqi troops trained and equipped by the United States, the effort to retake Mosul is expected to be much tougher.
This Mass was offered in the small chapel of the Vatican guesthouse where Francis had chosen to live — not, as in years past, at the ornate Apostolic Palace.
But the junior rankings are themselves hugely influenced by economics, favoring players who early on can afford the finest instruction and training and later who can get to all the far-flung tournaments that are necessary for both experience and ranking points.
Some policies set different triggers for applying the special deductibles, like a strong Category 2 or 3 hurricane.
The company also noted that it had provided all the data for the new analysis, “an unprecedented level of data sharing that speaks to our absolute commitment to transparency.” The team that reanalyzed the data included several longtime critics of the original study, including a psychiatrist who has been a paid expert witness in lawsuits against Glaxo.
On Wednesday, the Justice Department told lawmakers in a memo that it would need to begin taking steps on Friday to wind down the bulk collection of phone records to ensure that it did not take in any such records if the program expires on June 1.
But he also had a brief drug suspension and was fined for untying opponents’ shoelaces.
In contrast, the company’s PayPal electronic payments unit posted revenue of $2.1 billion, up 14 percent from $1.85 billion a year ago.
Some seasons are arid, others rich.
I feel like a cartoon character who has paused midair, afraid to look down and confirm that the ground is no longer underfoot, waiting for the laws of nature to resume with a whoosh.
WHY is Clive Wynne, a professor of psychology at Arizona State University, unenthusiastic about studying the kinds of cross-species interactions portrayed in many of the videos cited in the article?
She gets by on her father’s $1,300 monthly Social Security checks and by having her adult daughter pitch in for groceries.
Manny Peralta, 32, a former co-worker at the towing company, said Mr. Matusiak was enjoying his first week of metalworking.
At 7:30 and 9:30 p.m., Dizzy’s Club Coca-Cola, Frederick P. Rose Hall, Jazz at Lincoln Center, 60th Street and Broadway, 212-258-9595, jazz.org/dizzys.
Mr. Braun made it clear that the goal is for “the ultimate control” to lie with artists, not media companies.
He denied Ovechkin with a sliding pad save in the first, then stopped Evgeny Kuznetsov with a whirling-dervish carnival save midway through the second.
The Play Group Theater, 1 North Broadway.
A rain of meteors that streaked the sky with hundreds of fiery trails kept thousands of Parisians on the rooftops last night.
In his blog post, Mr. King, who maintained that he underwent spinal surgeries after the altercation, pointed to other witnesses who remember it differently.
She has since cooperated with antidoping officials and was reinstated for competition this summer, six months before her ban was to end.
It was the chorus, not the orchestra.
Moleskine notebooks are practical to keep on hand because inspiration can strike at any time.
Running Back Matt Forte/Jeremy Langford (CHI) — The Bucs have permitted double-digit fantasy points to an opposing running back in four of their last five games.
The Supreme Court has upheld that requirement.
“I believe we should do it by lifting up the bottom.” It’s a nice thought.
“I was having trouble breathing,” she said.
The widely accepted account of his death begins on a night when Amédé was playing at a white dance hall.
“Where else?” Ms. Mirren said Americans’ seemingly endless fascination with the British monarchy may have resonated with Tony nominators, who nominated her as best actress in a play for portraying Queen Elizabeth in “The Audience.” “There are other royal families out there in the world but none of them seem to carry the fascination that the British monarchy does,” she said.
NASA scientists hope to learn more about the physical and psychological toll of long space missions, including the effects of factors like weightlessness and radiation on bones, the circulatory system and muscles.
Because business units are charged on the basis of their energy usage, they have a real incentive to reduce their energy consumption.
Whatever you choose to give this year, make sure you attach a note of thanks, because 10 years from now, that’s likely to be the most valuable and cherished part of your gift.
“When you see how hard Balzac worked, you’ll never complain again.” Never Mind: This is a good time for serials — the Norwegian writer Karl Ove Knausgaard joins Smiley on this week’s hardcover fiction list with Book 4 (out of six) of his autobiographical project, “My Struggle,” new at No.
Mr. Boone, an operations and project manager, had a harder time, but was brought around for the sake of his child.
Despite the familiarity of approach, Ms. Muholi’s photos are significant for the population they depict.
William King, a sculptor in a variety of materials whose human figures traced social attitudes through the last half of the 20th century, often poking sly and poignant fun at human follies and foibles, died on March 4 at his home in East Hampton, N.Y.
In a neighboring state, the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga recently put the finishing touches on its own ambitious honors college .
He was suing for the townhouse.
These groups tilt Democratic, and in 2014 the resulting 10 districts elected Democrats in 29 out of 30 State Senate and House seats, an occurrence that the litigants cite as evidence of partisan injury.
“Even though it’s popular in Latin America and Miami, it’s unknown to so many people.” Jung Lee, an event planner and designer with Fête NY who has organized several Horas Locas for wedding clients, said: “Every culture has something, but the Latinos know how to party.
The main sanctuary, which had severe smoke and water damage, was rebuilt to look like the original tabernacle, with stained-glass windows, marble columns and a repaired blue-and-gold rose window.
Mr. Graham added that he did not know if President Bush was here to help, but that “Jeb can overcome it.” Mr. Graham got rare time to meet with Mr. Adelson, and the others did whatever they could to make their cases.
“Her sister had five kids, and they all got married and had tons of kids, and I know that kills my mother,” she said.
Open since 1938, this cozy cafe serves green-tea lattes by day and, after 6 p.m., pours cocktails infused with ingredients like ginger or homemade plum liqueur.
This range of ancient options suggests that it is pointless to imagine a politics in which no class is dominant or one in which the interests of different classes don’t sometimes conflict.
“How can we participate in elections while there is no radio station which could report on what is happening?” Though the church said it would not help organize the disputed elections, it did not say its members should boycott the voting.
Together, the two songs have gotten more than 24 million plays.
Popovich years ago recalibrated his once-plodding offense to feature the pace-pushing skills of Tony Parker.
game, his first, between the Knicks and the Washington Wizards at Madison Square Garden.
Jr. still work together at Jeb Bush and Associates, a business consulting firm in Coral Gables, Fla.
Perhaps the results merely indicate that people raised in deeply rural environments, with little education, take tests in a wholly different manner from those who attended a university.
‘Jack and the Beanstalk’ (Friday through Sunday, and Tuesday through Thursday) Many plants grow in Central Park, so why not a beanstalk?
This was the threat that last year led Donald Tusk, then Polish prime minister and now president of the European Council (composed of European Union heads of government), to call for European Union states to circle their wagons against potential Russian energy blackmail.
The episodes, coupled with a public perception that homelessness is worsening, have been problematic for Mr. de Blasio , as he struggles to assure the public that the city remains safe while also trying to destigmatize mental illness.
“I hope the partners who were reluctant will not be reluctant.” Mr. Fabius declined to say how soon France would bring up a draft measure before the Council.
In a phone interview, Mr. Merlo spoke mostly in corporate platitudes, but when the conversation turned to the subject of pharmacists, he spoke passionately about pharmacists’ role in delivering health care.
The alliance with the museum is the only place where this can happen.” The Met has a comprehensive conservation department, including a corps of scientists who have already added several short essays to the center’s website in a feature called “ A Closer Look .” The center is also sponsoring lectures and symposiums on the Lauder collection and on Cubism; in February, it hosted one that examined how Cubism spread through Central and Eastern Europe.
Third, we’re working with friends and allies to stop ISIL’s operations — to disrupt plots, cut off their financing, and prevent them from recruiting more fighters.
“In a nursing home, it doesn’t happen like ‘wham bam thank you ma’am,’ ” she said.
But every once in a while, a child performer comes along — Drew Barrymore, Ron Howard, Kirsten Dunst — with the mark of something truly special.
And the Grammy-nominated rapper Rick Ross has “Black Market.” • On Broadway.
1) Jeb Bush brought the fight to Donald J. Trump, with mixed success.
“I believe we’re at a transition point right now,” said William R. Brownfield, the American assistant secretary of state for international narcotics and law enforcement affairs.
San Francisco supervisors voted unanimously Tuesday to approve health warnings on ads for sugary sodas and some other drinks, saying such beverages contribute to obesity, diabetes and other health problems.
“If you look at our rules of conduct ,” Mr. Ortiz said, “there is explicit language that says that urination is not allowed in the system.” Given the mind state of the average public urinator, we wondered whether the signs were actually heeded.
Improved weather on Thursday enabled divers to undertake the recovery operation.
More recently, the novelist Salman Rushdie chastised me on Twitter for suggesting that even atheists worship something.
“I was so hungry, I couldn’t get enough.” She went on to study fashion design at the Academy of Art University in San Francisco and afterward decamped for New York City.
“Allegiance” had its premiere in 2012 at the Old Globe Theater in San Diego, directed by Stafford Arima, whose Japanese-Canadian father was interned as a teenager in Canada during the war.
Many of the potential jurors stared at him grimly, some craning their necks to get a better view, some unable to take their eyes off him.
These works, along with sculptures and a new video work, form the retrospective “Barbara Kasten: Stages,” which opened yesterday at the Graham Foundation in Chicago to help kick off the inaugural Chicago Architecture Biennial.
It’s nothing like beating a man to death with a pool cue, but Murphy pulling his gun on a taxi driver after a fender bender — with wife and orphaned child in the car, no less — reveals his own deteriorating judgment in the face of enormous stress.
“It’s evident that this issue with El Chapo and the issue of the contracts is the same: corruption,” said Manuel Huerta, an opposition congressman who wrote a book detailing the contracts.
The group had lost its connection to the grass-roots communities it was meant to serve.
They were 5-4-2 through 11 games last year, and 4-7-0 through their first 11 games under Vigneault two years ago (when they were hampered by having to play their first nine games on the road).
It might be a tearful goodbye from a podium, like that of my favorite player, Mike Schmidt (another Phillie).
“If it takes an extra second or two to create it, so be it.”
Con frecuencia, la mercancía que es traída al país generalmente carece de importancia, señaló el importador, y muchas veces él la regala a oficiales militares o funcionarios del gobierno.
Democratic leaders on Staten Island and in Brooklyn have not picked a candidate.
North Korea on Tuesday demanded that Washington stop pressuring it over human rights, citing a prominent North Korean defector’s partial recanting of his story as evidence that a United Nations report on its rights violations could not be trusted.
Republicans harangued Senate Democrats for their repeated failure to pass budgets when they controlled the chamber.
“There is no way the creditors would have agreed to that,” said Mr. Theoharis, who as a top tax official in the previous Greek government worked closely with the country’s lenders.
While the Pentagon’s $500 million program to train and equip Syrian fighters has largely failed — at one point this month only four or five American-trained combatants were in the fight in Syria — the C.I.A.’s covert program to train other fighters has weathered some setbacks to produce 3,000 to 5,000 fighters in the nearly two years it has been operating.
And in 1954, he won three gold medals for Norway — in slalom, giant slalom and Alpine combined — in the world championships at Are, Sweden.
“The initial track had been widened to accommodate Border Patrol vehicles passing on a regular basis.” And with a military presence — the Barry M. Goldwater bombing range, which has been there for decades — the atmosphere, much more than the landscape, produced anxiety.
Here’s what you need to know: • A historic nuclear deal.
Since 2000, eight winners were at least 10-1, and three were 30-1 or more.
Londonderry has one of the youngest populations in Western Europe, and one of the highest jobless rates in Northern Ireland.
Gavin Newsom, who was widely viewed as the other major contender for the seat, announced that he was not going to run.
Her departure leaves Judge Eugene F. Pigott Jr. the sole Republican on the seven-member panel.
“Bars are the great social leveler.
“You wouldn’t want to introduce a sexually naïve male that hasn’t had a lot of experience with courtship behavior.” (The human equivalent would be trying to match up an Eagle Scout with Madonna.)
She’s tied to a chair, forced to sit at a beastly dinner table with a gruesome family of homicidal maniacs.
“No habrá cacería de brujas”, aseguró Washington Gonzalez, viceministro del interior y de la policía.
But what we do with those genders — the roles we assign ourselves, and each other, based on them — is almost entirely mutable.
A mouse that had been cowering under the bucket skittered across the floor.
■ The Palestinian territories will host their first World Cup qualifier on Tuesday when their team takes on the United Arab Emirates in Ramallah, the first in a series of matches in the West Bank.
“Stalker?” I asked my sister, amused by how swiftly my gesture had gone awry and perplexed by the rage she directed at me.
Woods’s performances in the first tournament after a layoff have been poor, especially by his standards.
Greece, Hungary and Cyprus have shown signs of wavering.
The dollar amount could change depending on how many customers ultimately make use of it, its executives said.
As in a three-dimensional game of chess, there will be plenty of individual matchups as well.
The more dramatic the photograph, the more desirable it was to editors and publishers.
Maybe going through some processes of elimination — ‘O.K., if I do this and it goes over the green, I need to miss over here.”’ Call it a work in progress.
Before long, it covered an area twice the size of Central Park; roads, factories and homes disappeared under a tide of reeking muck.
FREEPORT Lantern Theater at the Congregation B’nai Israel “Love Letters,” drama by A. R. Gurney.
“These areas have always been hard to know and hard to govern by outsiders, seen as places of banditry or guerrilla warfare and home to peoples who long resisted integration,” said Charlene E. Makley, an anthropologist at Reed College, in Oregon, who studies Tibetan communities in China.
“I am always hungry,” he said.
The novel opens with Ednetta Frye frantically searching for her daughter in the streets of Red Rock.
Cinco años después, Liang, académico de la Shanxi Academy of Social Sciences, escribió una carta a Hu Yaobang, el secretario general del partido, en la que argumentaba que si se permitía a las familias tener dos hijos, la población se podría mantener en 1.200 millones para el año 2000.
In Sweden, Wallenberg is synonymous with an industrial and financial empire founded by Peter Wallenberg’s great-grandfather Andre Oscar Wallenberg, starting with the bank that he opened in 1856.
TARRYTOWN Tarrytown Music Hall “Legally Blonde Jr.,” Random Farms Kids’ Theater.
This land has been blessed with tremendous gifts and opportunities.
The Panthers are 12-0 and have clinched a postseason date; stretching back to last season, they are on a 17-1 run.
Dr. Kock said it will take three or four weeks to isolate any agent in the necropsy tissues.
And the EC horror comics, “Tales From the Crypt” and “The Vault of Horror.” Their combination of humor and horror was later very influential on my writing.
It is “Fantasy Island,” not “Untitled (Girl With Skateboard).” The review also referred incorrectly to that work and “Eat With the Wolf.” They were carved by hand, not by machine.
Messages on news coverage can be e-mailed to nytnews@nytimes.com or left toll-free at 1-844-NYT-NEWS (1-844-698-6397).
Just a few miles south of the accident site, in Hong Kong, steep hillsides in populated areas are reinforced by elaborate networks of retaining walls to prevent landslides, which can occur frequently in a region pounded by heavy monsoon rains.
They filed an emergency appeal to the Supreme Court that night.
On a visit this month to Estonia, for example, Mr. Szijjarto heard lavish praise for his boss, Mr. Orban, from the Conservative People’s Party, a nationalist opposition outfit with a simple message for nonwhite migrants: “If you are black, go back.” The most that mainstream politicians will say is that “Orban wasn’t completely wrong,” as Reinhold Mitterlehner, Austria’s Conservative vice chancellor, remarked recently.
“People expected her to be like everyone else, because publishing is a gentleman’s profession, and that’s not her mode.
Those who love bloodhounds — with their long heads and floppy ears — do so for their easy disposition and loving demeanor.
STANHOPE The Stanhope House A Tribute to the Band featuring The THE BAND Band.
Any ideology that abhors facts is problematic.
On Tuesday, a 19-year-old university student, Maram Hasouna, was shot dead after she lunged at soldiers with a knife at a military checkpoint in the northern West Bank, the Israeli military said.
It used to be that learning how to enliven shoddy choreography was an essential skill for an Ailey dancer, but that has become less true under the recent direction of Robert Battle.
WHITE PLAINS ArtsWestchester Trio Shalva, jazz.
Chardy, one of three Frenchmen to won Friday, will play the defending champion Marin Cilic in the round of 16.
The same goes for autonomous systems operating in environments outside the bounds of their programming.
아시아 국가에서 미국으로 이민 온 사람들 가운데는 의사나 과학기술 분야의 연구원, 또는 고등 교육을 받은 전문직 종사자 비중이 높은 편이다.
With biotech markets hot, there’s room for copycat deals.
What are stink bugs, where did they come from, and how can I get rid of them?
The candidates also put more focus than in their first debate on the dangers facing the U.S. from abroad, but they could not agree on how to deal with adversaries .
A second gallery presents some examples, including two seated female figures with hands clasped Sumerian style by Henry Moore and, by Alberto Giacometti, sketches of “Gudea, prince of Lagash, seated statue dedicated to the god Ningishzida,” a sculpture of a man wearing a cylindrical, domed hat that’s in the Louvre.
The building was like a pretty woman who suddenly aged.” After a second visit on Friday, he said Nusra and Free Syrian Army groups were controlling different parts of the complex, with a Free Syrian Army group called the Southern Falcons objecting to Nusra’s efforts to seize control of the crossing and its spoils.
If I want to go back to another moment, sometimes I’ll put something on to remind me.
Swift to a party at Mr. Welborn’s apartment before classes started; she was a freshman, and he was a junior transfer student.
… You do an OS upgrade that accidentally deletes everything.
Marguerite’s love for her God is invisible, but her adoration of Marie is as clear as day.
Coalition members conceded that they hadn’t fully figured out that part but said they were determined to.
With her husband, Eder Montero, Raij is the owner and chef of three Spanish restaurants in New York City — El Quinto Pino, La Vara and Txikito — that feature cocktails made with Spanish vermouth.
The selection of the closing film follows an agreement signed last September between Russia and China intended to increase cooperation in the film domain.
He pointed to Lands’ End as an early example.
The price of oil rose on expectations that production in the United States would continue to slip, helping to eventually ease the supply glut.
They also tapped into a national database on property ownership from LexisNexis Risk Solutions , an information and analytics division of Reed Elsevier.
“You were kind of being shamed or shunned, what Jerry would call out of a rebellious state,” Mr. Handville said.
And then, loathing at having that thought.
His nickname was Biddy Bo because of his dominance of a youth basketball program in Chester, the Biddy league.
You can even schedule tasks ahead of time and have the app remind you.
For the 12 bright, game students who boarded with me in Cork, this was a floating boot camp.
The U.S. economy created 211,000 jobs in November, clearing the way for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade at its Dec. 15-16 meeting.
I’m willing to assume these three remain perfectly content with the Heller decision, as far as it goes (and perfectly content with Citizens United, too — to dash the frequently expressed hopes for buyer’s remorse on that score).
But the city’s decision to keep schools open during a nasty snowstorm in February drew widespread rebuke from parents, other elected officials and even Al Roker , which was made worse when Carmen Fariña, the schools chancellor, declared it was actually “a beautiful day.” And so students were not the only ones happy on Monday about the advance notice.
He came ready with quips for every grandchild (“This is boring, boring, boring!” he said to one toddler on the verge of tears) and for each of his colleagues.
Prosecutors accused him of a Medicare fraud that they said sought to cheat the health care program of as much as $190 million.
“A website is whatever it is you make it that day,” Ms. Coen said.
Players Association, which is representing Brady, to settle.
“He was very German.” Trump was a rebellious 13-year-old when his parents sent him to the New York Military Academy in 1959.
During the downturn, thousands of teachers in several states lost their jobs, and many of those positions have remained vacant.
“He wrote a poem about it over a beat.”
Using a razor blade to make tiny cuts in his skin and then rubbing carbon-paper dust into the wounds, Powers tattooed spiky black slashes along his arms, legs, neck, skull, under his eyes and around his Adam’s apple.
Mr. Jacobs brought Grace Kapin, who worked in fashion, one weekend; having survived that, they are now married and building a cabin there.
About 60 percent of those who received care through EASA, the longer-running Oregon program, are working or in school, according to Tamara Sale, the program’s director of care.
In the postwar period, the studio turned out films that Disney himself considered inferior.
I took my wife here on our third date.” Manhattan Street: “Our house was a wonderful, rambling wreck of a home, a hundred years old and showing it.
They are serious, they know the rules, they came dressed in full Red Sox regalia during our two-day “spring training.” So when a teammate “spiked” the ball on first base, thinking this was how to record an out, the Bogaerts half of my double play tandem was perplexed.
That fund would be “to the tune of” 50 billion euros, she said without elaborating.
“It doesn’t work just to change the leaders,” said Representative Tim Huelskamp of Kansas, 46, a farmer and former state legislator with a doctorate in political science.
“He absolutely rises to the challenge when he’s in a position where he can challenge for a win,” said Burfoot, a longtime editor at Runner’s World magazine .
But for many players, even Hall of Famers, an extended absence this deep into a career can prove insurmountable.
Current and former players can place claims for from about $150 to more than $7,000 depending on how often they appeared in the college football and basketball games, which were discontinued after O’Bannon filed his lawsuit.
“We are in a time of post-­historical art,” Perry declares, when “anything can be art but not everything is art.” Third, he analyzes what the avant-­garde of the future might look like, now that time-honored possibilities like shock value, originality, even irony, have come to seem shopworn.
While the members of a local club in the Bronx might get together on weekends to compete for a couple of hundred dollars, international promoters stage bigger races with astronomically larger purses.
At a briefing on Wednesday, the National Transportation Safety Board shed little light on Ms. Brody’s actions, and officials could not meaningfully address the other query at the heart of their efforts: understanding how a train-on-car crash — not entirely uncommon in the American transportation system — had imperiled passengers on the train.
So I went from this little town in Turkey to M.I.T.
The FTSE 100 in Britain slipped 0.6 percent.
$6 to $15; children under 3, free.
GREAT NECK Temple Israel of Great Neck “A Tribute to Israel” by the Na’aleh Women’s Ensemble, vocal ensemble with piano accompaniment.
She is a senior manager of strategic partnerships at Story, a retail concept shop in Manhattan that sells eclectic gift items.
“It’s not really a fine line,” Blank told The Associated Press.
The two physicians in the debate, Ben Carson and Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, argued that while the science connecting vaccines and autism was lacking, spreading out the childhood vaccination schedule might be advisable.
Officials said about 10 people — mostly judges, but also prison officials, a court clerk and others — are suspected of having a hand in releasing Mr. Ishaqzai.
Joseph Kahn, who directed the clip, has also overseen major videos for Lady Gaga, Eminem, Katy Perry and Britney Spears.
Andrew Cogliano, Emerson Etem and Sami Vatanen also scored, and Frederik Andersen made 25 saves for Anaheim.
Programs, free with museum admission, accompany the show.
That’s who Mark is.” At his junior prom, Helfrich was the starting quarterback who was embarrassed to be named prom king.
But in the 1990s, when The Atlantic informed readers that “Dan Quayle Was Right” about unwed motherhood and today’s Democratic front-runner fretted about the costs of no-fault divorce, there were reasons to think that a kind of neo-traditionalism might still have purchase in America.
Mr. Maduro and other officials preside over giveaways of apartments, cars and other goods.
THE ARTS Because of an editing error, an article on Thursday about a dispute between the Spanish art collector Jaime Botín and Spanish officials over a Picasso painting he wants to export paraphrased incorrectly from a statement by Rafael Mateu de Ros, Mr. Botín’s lawyer in Madrid, about his client’s appeal to Spain’s Supreme Court.
Today, musicians from all over visit Dick’s, including Doyle Dykes , a finger-picker; Jerry Donahue, a guitarist with the Hellecasters ; and Michael Angelo Batio , a guitarist in the 1980s glam band Nitro.
The great achievement of this production from Mr. Daldry (whose artful way with a lesser play, Peter Morgan’s “The Audience,” is in evidence at the nearby Gerald Schoenfeld Theater) is that it sustains each perspective with crystalline focus.
Fognini threw in a handful of unforced errors to lose five points in a row.
“Before this,” he said, “people used to make fun of the music that I did.
It is a club whose last six months has resembled a place torn by internal warfare: Its owner is blamed for selling decent players, preferring profit to potential trophies.
Tariq Owens, a 6-10 forward, left Tennessee after one season and, after sitting out next season, will have three seasons of eligibility.
Lab tests revealed that some of her blood chemicals were at dangerously low levels.
Many of those places have auto assembly or parts plants.
The first time Leonard touched the ball, he backed Crawford down, drew a double team and found Tim Duncan for a layup.
6 on the Billboard Hot 100.
He was a bright child and a decent student but was drawn to the street and the pool hall — he became a skilled hustler — and dropped out of school in the 11th grade.
Even competence combined with a modern vision of fairness may not be enough to combat the demagogues.
It simply sets up a process for Congress to perform its due diligence.
In fact, baseball’s assumption of risk doctrine is under legal assault.
MASSAPEQUA Studio 5404 “Skin Deep,” group show.
Jeb Bush improved as the debate wore on, but he was dogged by questions about immigration and about having served on the board of a socially liberal foundation.
Haven Group Show, 16 multidisciplinary artists.
The second act is naturalistic, except that the female actors all play men working for a pharmaceutical company, and Mr. Keegan plays the woman newly installed at the head of the firm.
We can’t close ourselves off from those opportunities.
Beginning his Latin American tour in Ecuador meant the issue would inevitably arise, and would present political complications, since Mr. Correa is expanding oil production in the Amazon.
Blackstone, fresh off its real estate deal with General Electric, continues to mint money in its two largest areas of focus: private equity and global real estate.
cars gets hearings, not guns.” Another, Gfagan of Pa. , said, “The surest sign that the lobby knows full well that it is hoodwinking all of us is that they don’t want research about gun violence conducted and published.” Some readers argued that if people legally carrying guns were present at the Aurora, Colo. movie theater shooting or the Charleston, S.C. church massacre, the perpetrators could have been stopped.
For a comprehensive plan, Ms. McCray should include dollars to support brain research to find new and better ways to detect and treat mental illness.
Mr. Shkreli has said he hopes to obtain such a voucher by getting the Chagas disease drug approved by the Food and Drug Administration for sale in the United States.
All-Star Game, Delle Donne’s colleagues, including Brittney Griner — the player selected No.
‘‘They’ve done nothing to you.
The evacuation operation would play well in China, said Lyle Goldstein, associate professor at the United States Naval War College in Newport, R.I. “The audience is likely Chinese domestic politics,” Mr. Goldstein said.
Puberty was like a demon rocking through your body, changing it from the inside out.
What she found was that “they have this young ensemble cast with this great ability to make fun of themselves,” she said, adding, “We knew we could let the environmentalism take a back seat and let comedy tell the stories.” That does not mean that a modicum of important stuff does not find its way into the half-hour show.
Ben Carson was reminded of his domestic-policy blunders, of his foreign-policy blunders, of a whole raft of loopy statements that raise serious questions about how well he understands the country and globe.
Chinese leaders have ordered security forces to be on alert against a possible terrorist attack of the kind that devastated Paris in November.
She’s supposed to be a more-down-to-Earth hero than the other characters in the Marvel universe since she comes to heroics from the perspective of someone who has powers, and has a past as a hero, but doesn’t want to deal with that anymore.
In fact, the role of the fuel providers grew exponentially behind the scenes as soon as the new engine formula was established in 2011.
Nate Purpura, a spokesman for eHealth, said some buyers were people who missed the open enrollment period for Affordable Care Act plans but then decided they wanted some coverage.
In late January, a hearing to discuss proposals for a civilian review board turned into a shouting match when police officers rose in opposition.
Mr. Walker’s supporters (a rather small group, apparently) had been urging him to revitalize his campaign by replacing members of his staff.
En vez de fortalecer las fronteras, los países europeos podrían mejorar en este aspecto.
The last time Sabathia stood on the pitcher’s mound at Yankee Stadium, Aug. 23 against Cleveland, he did not look like himself.
At a briefing with reporters Wednesday night, Mr. Kattner staunchly defended the right of the executive committee to implement such a change on its own, despite the significance of the decision and despite its lack of consultation with any of the stakeholders it would affect, notably television rights-holders, sponsors and national and continental federations.
Sometimes the testator was coerced or of unsound mind.
That is where the proposal put forward by Mr. Gulati and Mr. Buchheit would come in.
Israel places severe restrictions on the import of building materials, saying they have been used to build tunnels to conduct attacks on Israel.
His measure of a place that would increase in value?
A senior German official, who requested anonymity to address a diplomatic issue, noted that the article had not been written with the interior minister, Mr. de Maizière, a Christian Democrat, in a clear effort to distinguish the Social Democrats in the minds of voters.
Mr. Christie told those assembled in his office that he would first have to talk to David Samson, then chairman of the Port Authority board, “since Samson was friends with Cifelli and Lynch,” Mr. Wildstein says.
Early that day, the F.B.I.
“We’ve spoken twice since the incident.
Jackson remained in the stands watching it all.
On the heels of his popular work of futurism, “Anticipations,” the institution’s fellows had invited Wells to talk about what awaited the world in the new century.
That strikes many as not a tarnished gold standard, but a politically expedient decision.
But she was seldom rattled, though the discussion of her use of a home-brewed server for her emails as secretary of state did prompt a visible stiffening of her posture, a conspicuous strain in her smile.
“You have done the apprenticeship,” he wrote.
He served 20 years at Spandau Prison in West Berlin, where he surreptitiously wrote voluminous notes and managed to have them smuggled out.
“The Salt of the Earth,” directed by Mr. Wenders and Juliano Ribeiro Salgado, Mr. Salgado’s son, is a kind of retrospective of Mr. Salgado’s career, with long black-and-white sequences in which he discusses the whys and hows of some of his best-known photographs, and talks about his most recent project, a nature collection called “Genesis.” But the movie, which won a prize at Cannes in May and opens in the United States next month, also contains footage of Mr. Salgado at work in the field in places like New Guinea and at the family farm deep in the Brazilian interior, where he was raised.
Arsenal and United are the most successful clubs in the tournament, each having won it 11 times.
Each time my husband brings up the topic of allowance, I wriggle out of the conversation, all but “la la la”-ing with my hands over my ears.
Follow @ SSalgadoGenesis and @ nytimesphoto on Twitter.
The government said the system was intended to limit the spread of rumors, pornography, fraud, terrorism and other unhealthy practices.
Pretending I’d forgotten something, I went back to my office.
As the job market has shifted, women, in general, have more skillfully negotiated the twists and turns of the new economy, rushing to secure jobs in health care and other industries that demand more education and training.
“He was Cocteau’s boyfriend,” he explained.
Houtryve’s work has been published in magazines and, meticulously printed in large format, displayed in galleries.
What we do know is that any gains in obesity reductions over all are largely concentrated in better-educated and higher-income populations.
Algunos tenían inversiones grandes en el país y quisieron proteger su acceso al mercado nacional.
Then its fortunes began to unravel.
Mr. Perelman had suspended Clive Gillinson , the executive and artistic director of Carnegie, on Aug. 18, citing concerns about his leadership and whether Carnegie was following the laws governing nonprofit organizations.
“We have to make sure we are managing but not increasing the problem.” He spoke as Loretta E. Lynch, the new attorney general, dispatched two of her top deputies to Baltimore to handle the fallout: Vanita Gupta, her civil rights chief, and Ronald L. Davis, her community-policing director.
Una vez más, lo que hizo fue repensar y reubicar objetos cotidianos.
In an email dated Dec. 23, he wrote to Ms. Nelson, “On the BCPL website, there is a sentence that states: ‘Global climate change is no longer debatable as a threat to ecosystems.’ Why is the BCPL concerned with discussing the hot button issue of ‘global climate change.’ ” In an interview, Mr. Adamczyk criticized Ms. Nelson — who has spent much of her career working on environmental policy issues — for testifying before a Congressional committee on global warming in 2009.
England, the host of the Rugby World Cup, now faces a difficult road to the knockout stages of the tournament from Pool A.
And it’s the anniversary of the 1969 Stonewall Riots, a series of demonstrations after a police raid at the Stonewall Inn, a historically gay bar in Greenwich Village.
But the stakes are higher for Saudi Arabia, which must defend a long and rugged border with Yemen and could find itself embroiled in a protracted, costly war at a time when falling oil prices have strained the country’s finances.
The company audits the work of the agencies accordingly.
When should a damaged body panel receive fresh paint?
The Mossad view was in a report that was among a large trove of leaked South African intelligence service documents that were published Monday by Al Jazeera and The Guardian .
There is one person writing or speaking while the others read or listen.
South Korea, another major trading partner with China, said last week that it would join the Beijing-based bank, reversing its decision last year to go along with the United States’ requests that major Asian allies stay aloof from the plan.
They already tried to kill me once.” She prodded at a plate of noodles and shrimp.
I’m going to apologize now.” I leaned forward so that my mouth almost touched the driver’s thick, hairy neck and said loudly, almost declaiming, “Mr.
WHITE PLAINS Westchester County Center “Disney Live: Three Classic Fairy Tales.” March 26 through 29.
Its occasional clusters of tightly packed horizontal ridges, which mask uglier essentials like air-conditioning units, bring to mind the grille of a classic 1950s car.
Biz Stone, a Twitter co-founder and investor in the company, described the marketing approach: “Grow the brand as big as you can, like a fake it till you make it type of thing, and then back into it with a stellar product.” The Clear Labs story was an effort to bring marketing attention to the company’s use of gene-sequencing technology, first pioneered by the Human Genome Project.
“There’s a certain degree to which you don’t want to dress or be caught dressing because you’re going above your station,” Mr. Jackson said.
Across the country, French unions had been guarding against the unraveling of the 35-hour week.
On his last full day as Texas governor, Rick Perry said he would make up his mind in May or June about another presidential run .
Only months before the break-in — which is being investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation — Berra’s wife of 65 years, Carmen, died in March 2014.
But the episode, the latest in a string of escapes by suspects from New York police custody in recent months, prompted harsh criticism on Friday from police officials and the mayor.
” by Louis Michael Seidman, Dec. 30, 2012 Our obsession with the Constitution has saddled us with a dysfunctional political system, kept us from debating the merits of divisive issues and inflamed our public discourse.
One of only two venomous lizards in the world, Gila monsters are relatively rare in the wild and much more so in captivity.
Tesla’s tower, an attempt at an early wireless transmission station, never really got up and running, and it was demolished in 1917.
The Los Angeles label Brainfeeder has lately been in the business of answering that question, with albums like “Kneedelus,” a convergence of the chamber-groove ensemble Kneebody and the atmospheric beat alchemist Daedelus.
Sales fell to their slowest pace in 10 months in September, hit by higher home prices and softer economic growth.
“I’m really competitive, but I love to have fun, and I’m leaving the game with a smile on my face,” he said.
“She can’t go to heaven because she can’t fly and she doesn’t have a jet pack.” This hadn’t come up in my research.
There isn’t likely to be a more substantial and impressive array of guests on any hip-hop album this year.
“A shining city is perhaps all the president sees from the portico of the White House and the veranda of his ranch, where everyone seems to be doing well,” Mr. Cuomo said.
Mr. John ended up filing lawsuits that raised allegations about possible abuse of public funds by Mr. Hastert, who had a taxpayer-funded office to wind down his business as speaker.
For Leader, Saul Bellow is a foreign language, studied through grammar books but not mastered.
The prosecution was asking for nine to 12 years, which Galbraith’s lawyer called a “crushing sentence” for a man who, as these last months showed, clearly wouldn’t fare well in prison.
In fact, they vastly outnumbered the opposing force and yet they failed to fight and withdrew from the site,” he said.
2 man in the Luchese crime family , the jury found at the detectives’ trial .
The Word of the Day and its definitions have been provided by Vocabulary.com and the Visual Thesaurus .
At least it’s increasingly clear that Ms. Barton will have no trouble getting performances, in abundance.
The youths appeared to make new friends within the program, and some of the parents in the program said they had also grown close, sharing parenting tips and leaning on each other.
But I was suffused, too, with fear.
“Sometimes I am asked when I am in Washington, ‘Why should we let rich people have this tax break?’ ” said Suzanne Goldstein Baker, a former president of the Federation of Exchange Accommodators and a lawyer with a company that helps investors swap assets.
The gardens are filled with more of his striking sculptures, but it is the view of the sea and islands that will vie for your attention.
Among the closest collaborations between the government and the Clinton Health Access Initiative has been “human resources for health,” a medical training program aimed at creating 400 specialized physicians and upgrading the credentials of 5,000 nurses and midwives in seven years.
When I posed this theory to Steven Marans, a professor, psychoanalyst and director of the National Center for Children Exposed to Violence at Yale, he told me, in essence, to get over myself.
As American Pharoah loped down the stretch with Espinoza sitting atop him as still as a statue, the NBC announcer Larry Collmus said it better: “He could have won by 20.” Indeed, there was little doubt the big bay colt was even stronger on Sunday than he was 57 days ago at Belmont Park when he became the 12th Triple Crown winner in history and the first since Affirmed in 1978.
She is a BRAVE woman in China who rescues dogs & cats from YULIN’s annual slaughter fest.
A veteran copywriter marched into his office, shook his head and asked who would buy the work sober.
Mr. Abraham nearly caused a reporter to choke when he revealed its wholesale price: $450,000.
On July 31, USA Today reported that in Bandar Mahshahr, Iran, a city adjacent to the Persian Gulf, the heat index soared to 163 degrees “as a heat wave continued to bake the Middle East, already one of the hottest places on earth.
As a result, no one ever told them to steal from their artists.” Through June 2014, the most recent fiscal year for which data is available, Kobalt reported a net loss of $19 million and about $203 million in revenue.
Wednesdays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Saturdays, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m.
The remodeling is happening at a time when museums’ antiquities holdings have been a focus of patrimony disputes, leaving potential donors possibly skittish about negative publicity.
“Instead, we should focus on how to make our buildings safer by utilizing better technology and construction methods.” Officials said that they would halt construction of any buildings planned for higher than two stories, but whether such a halt can be put in place in outlying areas or enforced in the cities is uncertain.
I thought of a time I had done that same thing, in Catalonia, at an annual festival called the Calçotada.
(The Common Application, which is used by hundreds of schools, said it could not provide the number of applicants who had included online courses because there is more than one way to list the information on their forms.)
But when Ken says it’s important, you know it’s important.” Lazard’s adjusted net income was up 27 percent to $103 million for the quarter.
Our fantasy of the next 35 years had included Karen staying in a job she loved for as long as she wished and then for the two of us to shift to a retirement of travel and newfound hobbies.
That’s what happened in the 1990s, when Italy lost money through a bad bank structure at Banco di Napoli.
The talented Ms. Giddens seems to find fresh zeal while weaving playfully between electric guitars and country-infused percussion; her hearty, deeply emotive voice still earns its spotlight, gilded with soft touches by the producer T Bone Burnett.
“I can surely say that I.S.
It’s good she does, and I’m glad she did.
Late-night comedians such as Stephen Colbert had a laugh at the expense of CNN, poking fun at its stoking of the possibility that Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. could join the Democratic presidential debate tonight.
Bryant received the news that he was headed for the majors late Thursday night, after hitting a three-run homer for the Iowa Cubs in New Orleans.
Now that both Mr. Romney and Mr. Bush seem serious about considering bids, a sense of near panic has set in among strategists and donors torn between them.
Meet me at the water cooler.” Or: “There’s a bomb under your chair.
‘‘I think people like the book because it shows what people think about but don’t discuss,’’ Frank says.
More than seven years ago the Federal Reserve put its benchmark interest rate close to zero, as a way to bolster the economy.
He had been there, done that.
“The implication of E.T.F.s and their disconnect from their underlying securities is very worrying,” Mr. Levitt, the former regulator, said.
The presidential race has degenerated to the point where I am going to attempt to cheer you up by talking about abortion and guns.
$3 and $5; members and children 5 and under, free.
This time, I return to find my vice president getting busted in the Capitol.”
Readers learn of the challenges that black artists faced in the Works Progress Administration and how Lawrence wound up working on those small boards, rather than the murals associated with the W.P.A.
Swift responded within the hour: @NICKIMINAJ I’ve done nothing but love & support you.
2) The comparison of France to Germany meant that I didn’t have room to compare France to Great Britain, which shares some crucial characteristics with its traditional cross-channel rival — a better-than-average-for-Europe demographic picture, an emerging far-right alternative party, a large Muslim population and attendant assimilation-related debates, a military that still projects power overseas— while enjoying brighter growth prospects overall.
“They walked over to me and all I kept was my driver’s license.
He said that he had tried most of the various settings, working with the brake-by-wire system, the energy harvesting and other tools, and he concluded that driving was clearly more complicated than in the past.
On Wednesday, the Pentagon sent three Yemenis — Asim Thabit Abdullah al-Khalaqi, Muhammad Ali Husayn Khanayna and Sabri Mohammed Ibrahim Al Qurashi — to Kazakhstan.
Gray is now with the Miami Dolphins.
Of course, what did Drake do when he found out about those shirts?
The Sayville Historical Society, 39 Edwards Street.
The classical music world mourned last year when Spring for Music, an innovative festival that brought adventurous American orchestras to Carnegie Hall each spring for four years, ended for lack of funding.
One of the few things that seemed to make a difference across all groups was if parents expected a child to go to college.
At this 10th anniversary celebration, two of its current artists, Sting and Feist, headline.
But in the last two years, an idea that began as an outlandish proposal by a freshman House Democrat, John Delaney of Maryland, has evolved into the closest thing to consensus on infrastructure funding.
“Right now, you’ve got to take a good, hard look at the best four guys when you’re talking about the end of the season,” Manager Terry Collins said.
A number of minor scuffles took place in the side streets.
One man alone (Zachary Catazaro, making his debut here on Thursday, was well cast for his Romantic presence and upper-body fullness) sees them, with horrified fascination; he might be Macbeth finding the three weird sisters on the heath.
My only focus is what goes on between the lines.” Before spring training began, there was no certainty that Rodriguez would hit any home runs this season after his long absence from the game.
The war in Gaza “was very painful and bloody,” said Amal Jamal, a professor of political science at Tel Aviv University.
(An additional 10 percent or so chose a third option, such as hyphenating their name or legally changing it while continuing to use their birth name professionally.)
She has done interfaith ceremonies for Protestant-Buddhist, Muslim-Baptist and Jewish-Catholic pairs.
Analysts and activists said it was intended to send a message to automakers that they would be harshly treated for compromising federal rules.
Or can commercial yeast be just as good?
On this week’s episode of “Veep,” Amy Brookheimer (Anna Chlumsky) was infuriated and had finally had enough.
In nearly all respects, “The Watchmaker of Filigree Street” makes immensely pleasurable reading.
200 Eastern Parkway, at Prospect Park, Brooklyn, 718-638-5000, brooklynmuseum.org.
From the moment the Supreme Court ruled last month in favor of a constitutional right to same-sex marriage , opponents placed the decision in a very specific analytical frame.
I made my way through Cape May and over the marshes that connect it to the island just north, which held the finish line.
Memory persists — in lost monuments, ruined landscapes and the stories that survivors tell.
“It’s sort of this luxe thing now,” she said.
Equal parts “spoof, nightmare, blood bath, poem,” the story “takes on a mesmerizing power,” Zachary Lazar wrote here.
Because a novel doesn’t have the power to do that?
no, the helmets were not still as leathery as the footballs — when, as a high school center and kicker in Louisiana’s humid bayou country, I came to believe that slickness of the ball, more than air pressure, affected firmness of grip and certainty of flight.
And yet, one line from Hume’s essay strikes me as especially true: “It is difficult,” he wrote, “to be more detached from life than I am at present.” Over the last few days, I have been able to see my life as from a great altitude, as a sort of landscape, and with a deepening sense of the connection of all its parts.
Hillary Clinton, meanwhile, might be having an ‘‘Al Capone moment’’ with regard to the legality of her private email server (The Washington Post), but she still found time to have a ‘‘celebrity moment’’ (The Times again) by taking a selfie with Kim Kardashian and Kanye West.
Will there be a tear at some point?
: One major discovery from nearly a year of field observations that Debra did in that multiracial day care center was that white children learn major elements of the dominant white racial frame at an earlier age than many previous researchers had recognized.
He could not eat and spent his last days revising “A Hunger Artist,” in which a man in a cage starves himself to death.)
Mr. Obama said he would veto that legislation, and the Paris agreement was written in language that avoids having to put it to a congressional vote.
But there’s still that chance to go back and do it again and again and again.
But now that I’ve graduated from survival mode, now that I can’t even access the hopelessness I once felt, my writer’s block feels pressing.
Her budget for the film, which she shot in 2012 at locations including the Garrison Institute and the Alice Curtis Desmond and Hamilton Fish Library , was around $100,000; she received aid from the New York Foundation for the Arts .
Professionally, most of us have some time to invest in getting better at what we do.
It says it will pilot a program in six U.S. cities and in Britain for Ford owners to rent out their cars, S.U.V.s or trucks when they are not using them.
‘‘For the first time in 2,000 years, there are no church services in Mosul.
You hit a few chips close, and all of a sudden your confidence is back.” Asked if he was worried about Woods, Rory McIlroy, the world’s top-ranked golfer, answered: “It’s hard to be concerned for someone that’s already won 14 majors, 80 PGA Tour events and earned over a billion dollars in his career.” Woods was not looking ahead to the outcome of his 20th Masters.
“After giving it a lot of thought, I’ve decided not to run for president,” Mr. Ryan said in a statement .
The authorities are still looking into reports of an additional missing person.
Suncor, the largest oil sands operator, announced plans to eliminate about 1,000 contract jobs.
Our brains have evolved to get us out of the rain, find where the berries are, and keep us from getting killed.
Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency, $231.1 million of single-family mortgage revenue bonds.
The writer is professor emeritus of history at Salem College.
Democrats were furious, saying that their objections had been cut off.
Over all, the report said, the world’s current population of 7.3 billion is expected to reach 9.7 billion by 2050, slightly more than the 9.6 billion forecast two years ago.
CNN Turk said that the five arrested Wednesday were charged with trying to “topple or incapacitate” the government.
This is not the time for art as an object of contemplation or delight, much less a market commodity — certainly not in a public exhibition whose chief responsibility is to stimulate debate.
Although there was much chatter about the “revered” anchor and the “moral authority” of the networks, does anyone really feel that way anymore?
Diane Torres, who went through bankruptcy in 2010, said she was on the verge of becoming one of the people who paid for debts she no longer owed.
In 2005, Sebastian Seung suffered the academic equivalent of an existential crisis.
There’s also the fact that the show was a vehicle built to suit the talents of the Astaires, as the down-on-their-luck brother and sister Dick and Susie Trevor.
It has also been pushing the Census Bureau and other government agencies to measure gender identity.
Mr. Foxx has said the Gateway project was one of the most important rail projects in the country and called the lack of action to repair the tunnels “almost criminal.” He said on Tuesday that he would work quickly with local officials on the details of paying for the project, with the goal of “an equitable split between the states and the federal government using our existing grant and financing programs and whatever new resources can be provided by Congress.” Both governors have recently expressed support for building the tunnels.
And RED MAPLE will be the restaurant in the historic Chequit, an inn on Shelter Island that is now run by Salt Hotels of Massachusetts.
You might use their responses as models for your own.
doesn’t want to recruit members by arguing for Texans’ right to wave a pistol around the small appliance department at Target.
If we actually comprehended the insanity of it, I think people would probably behave differently.” At that moment, some people crowding around the installation were behaving quite badly, leaning over baskets heaped with ill-shaped reject pearls and trying to filch a few as Biennale souvenirs.
In numerical terms, women who started getting hot flashes when they were still having regular periods or were in early perimenopause experienced symptoms for a median of 11.8 years.
Indeed, it may be true that no amount of small arms could be useful against modern-day bombers and tanks.
The investigation won awards; more important, it brought reform — and saved lives.
Exports to the European Union support over 4 million jobs, directly or indirectly.
“The nature of Washington is that only people in Washington are ready to lead, even though Washington makes a hash out of everything,” said Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker, who pressed Reagan from the right as a congressman in the 1980s but glorified him later as a candidate himself.
He will then begin a three-day bus tour in New Hampshire.
This is the brand that sample sales were invented for.
Flowing dresses were shielded over one shoulder by a leather harness that snaked down and around the waist; chunky Mongolian lamb coats and vests covered glittering peasant-print dresses and jumpsuits; and there were rough Berber stripes under glossy ponyskin.
At every grade, students read full novels and study nonfiction that help them relate concepts they’re learning to the real world.
“Looking at the numbers, you can’t tell whether there is skill involved in what they do or whether their performance is just a matter of luck,” Mr. Loggie said.
Mr. Bloomberg and his police commissioner, Raymond W. Kelly, fiercely defensive of their approach to the stop-and-frisk tactic even at its apex, were reluctant to acknowledge any considered change in mentality, despite the shifting figures and a concurrent, ultimately successful federal lawsuit.
And the trill on the midrange F-sharp that builds to the sustained high B was a real trill, not a faked one.
“We’ll wake up tomorrow, have our cereal and orange juice — that makes us feel at home,” Mr. Campbell said.
“I have indicated, gosh, at least for six weeks now, we are going to deal with the Lynch nomination right after we finish trafficking,” Mr. McConnell said on the floor Thursday.
But others, like Dr. Daniel Soffer, a general internist at the University of Pennsylvania, see a real benefit in using heart scans to de-risk patients.
“The issue of marriage equality is one that divides people of principle, and I understand that,” he said.
Representatives for Dr. Korovin, an ear, nose and throat doctor whose patients include a number of well-known singers and actors, had not spoken publicly about the case before now.
Or do you stick with your teams through thick and thin?
Mr. Specq said Mr. Strauss-Kahn was still popular among some French people who considered the sexual choices of their politicians to be a private matter.
The young man approached a mailbox on a dark corner in the Bronx.
The suit also requests an overhaul of Uber’s safety practices.
Representative Adam Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said while he welcomed the news of Ms. Archuleta’s resignation, “I don’t think we can expect that a change of a single person can be a satisfactory answer to the problems at O.P.M.” “Every other agency should have its head examined if it’s not taking steps to protect its data,” Mr. Schiff said.
He has released only a handful of albums since then, having grown weary of navigating the shoals of the music business.
The high elevation, lack of man-made light sources and usually clear weather make for some of the best stargazing conditions on the planet.
In October 1971, the American submarine Halibut entered the Sea of Okhotsk north of Japan, found a telecommunications cable used by Soviet nuclear forces, and succeeded in tapping its secrets.
Even insurgent candidates can now muster tens of millions of dollars from wealthy donors.
Adding to the Knightsbridge hotel’s seasonal Pret-a-Portea service, a decadent spread of loose leaf teas, herbal infusions, champagne (should one choose) and runway-inspired mini cakes and pastries, two of the designer’s most iconic pieces have been rendered into edible confections.
The two companies have about 4,000 employees at their offices on Avenue of the Americas.
And it left the audience with an eclectic view of just what makes a rock show.
This is the story of some of those who died in the spring of 2014.” We then hear news-feature-length summaries of a handful of shooting victims, interspersed with collages in which the faces of dozens of others go by.
Mr. Sisi’s government has cracked down on nongovernmental organizations that take foreign money and has authorized military courts to hold mass trials in terrorism cases that the rights groups call a way of suppressing protesters.
Judith Light’s wails seem to come from an ancient place inside her gut; she makes Shelly seem both pathetic for commanding the spotlight and also completely justified in her sorrow.
The family rarely lent them for public display.
The valuation looks solid, especially considering the tax savings.
CHURCH OF ST. LUKE IN THE FIELDS (Episcopal), 487 Hudson Street, at Grove Street, West Village.
Rescuers in Nepal’s capital pulled a teenager from the rubble today, five days after the earthquake struck, to cheering crowds.
Charles A. Hajinian, 61, a dentist from Delafield, Wis., carried an aging black-and-white photograph of his great-grandmother.
For example, now that the Whitney Museum’s new home will be twice the size of its most recent one, the Marcel Breuer building uptown on Madison Avenue, it is expected to draw far more visitors than the 350,000 a year who viewed its exhibits on the Upper East Side.
Fred Otnes , a prominent illustrator, painter and collage artist who embraced abstraction well before most commercial illustrators did, died on July 28 in Westport, Conn.
patient faces on average a yearly bill of more than $60,000 for a drug, in addition to the costs of doctor visits and other related medical expenses.
“My uncles, my cousins, my nieces and nephews are all there,” she said, looking across the field of debris where about two dozen relatives had lived.
The ones in blue shirts handle the aircraft elevators, while the ones in the white shirts are safety workers.
RECODE More Start-Ups Aiming to Stay Private | “A number of Internet, software and consumer companies are raising huge sums in private deals that enable them to postpone initial public offerings for years, if not indefinitely,” The Wall Street Journal writes.
Although death sentences are routinely imposed in India, actual executions are rare.
The production is a tribute to early-20th-century travel, and will feature performers from every continent, except Antarctica.
This is one of my favorite times of year, when the country tunes in to the wonky world of law I like to write about.
His position is supported by a coalition of online retailers and consumer groups.
“This is a surprise, this is wonderful,” said Eddie Dziuk, who was one of Uno’s owners.
The doulas could be distinguished from the clients just by their facial expressions; one group looked serene, the other anxious.
Augmented instrumentally behind the scenes by the musical director, Ryan O’Connell, on keyboard, the score is propulsive and agreeably melodic.
The Truth and Reconciliation Commission came into being as a requirement of the 2006 Indian Residential Schools Settlement agreement, itself a product of the largest successful class-action suit in Canadian history.
But it’s not only about Freddie Gray.
I’ve always wanted to try it.” I first read about the study when I was in the midst of a breakup.
“She’ll go to a party and she’ll scream at people to start dancing,” said her friend Rob Roth, a multimedia artist.
just came by to collect her stereo.” “That’s not her stereo,” the counselor said.
“Whereas if those veins were left in place, they basically would never develop a blockage.” Do you have a health question?
Arrested with his son, Adam Skelos, on six federal charges, Mr. Skelos said: “I am not saying I am just not guilty; I am saying that I am innocent.” After issuing the 43-page complaint , the United States attorney in Manhattan, Preet Bharara, said the six counts documented how Mr. Skelos used the power of his office to “illegally enrich his son, Adam, and indirectly, himself.” The senator is charged with operating a five-year scheme to get a developer and an Arizona environmental company to pay his son fees and “commissions” of nearly $220,000.
Ultimately, the disagreement could spell the end of the project as it is currently conceived, despite the city’s having already spent $400 million buying land and making improvements in the Willets Point district for the development.
Pasamos un agradable rato juntos, y luego nos despedimos.
“A lot of the people who are most upset are among the clergy,” he said.
In one of the suits, against the town of Clanton, Ala., the federal Department of Justice filed a rare supporting brief, writing that setting bail in this fashion, and without regard for a defendant’s ability to pay, “not only violates the 14th Amendment’s Equal Protection Clause, but also constitutes bad public policy.” Two cases in St. Louis County, the second one filed on behalf of a homeless man held for six days on a $300 bond, have led to countywide talks about switching to unsecured bonds in all municipal courts, including Ferguson, Mo., whose court system’s treatment of poor black residents was the subject of a Department of Justice report .
By some estimates, the global market for E.D.M.
Nor does it have much in common with the Criterion Collection canon that inspires Earl and Greg’s acts of homage.
He worked as an electrician and electrical engineer but devoted himself to tenant and civil rights causes, such as organizing black Muslims against local drug dealers in Bedford-Stuyvesant, the neighborhood where he grew up.
The blue-state Republicans also have the advantage of superior financial resources.
Ronald L. Carlson, a law professor at the University of Georgia, said that Georgia’s law was generally “in line” with other state anti-gang statutes around the country.
She was routinely called “sissy,” assigned the role of cheerleader during neighborhood basketball games and denied entry to a local Boy Scout troop, she said.
And dragging him around all weekend may be less of a party for you than dancing with old chums.
Etsy sellers will be able to search for manufacturers based on criteria like the type of production processes on offer — screen-printing or metal-pressing, for example — as well as location and minimum threshold for orders.
New research concludes that the antidepressant Paxil is not safe for teenagers , contradicting a drugmaker’s findings 14 years ago.
At one point, he said, he was threatened by corrections officers in the mess hall.
“Seven Grain Satan” (2010-15), whose title conjures Jackson Pollock’s transitional “ Full Fathom Five ” (1947), is composed of knotty, complicated sections.
Not everyone is thrilled with the rise of the videos, which skirt digital and parental ad blockers.
and all the V.A.s across the country who are deserving of trust.” Mr. Obama also announced the creation of a new advisory committee made up of representatives from nonprofit organizations, veterans groups and government officials to make recommendations about improving the veterans department.
It’s almost become a fetish.” And, he said: “You never see writers falling back on terminology like ‘metrosexual.’ Five years ago we were trying to apologize for why guys were buying a bag.” The numbers tell the story.
“We wouldn’t disclose our audit strategy; and, given the privacy provisions of the tax law, we cannot discuss or disclose any particular audit involving a business or an individual,” said the spokesman, Cary B. Ziter.
Professor St. John, who helped create the BridgeUp curriculum, said she is devoting time to teaching the high school girls because she is troubled by the statistics that count women as fewer than 20 percent of undergraduate computer science majors.
At the party, though, she was willing to forgo her cultural Cuisinart approach to dress.
“We think that there is a group of people who agreed to help within the context of an agreement, and all of that was useful to undertake a terrorist act,” Mr. Molins said.
The album was produced by Dan Auerbach of the Black Keys , who brings out Cage the Elephant’s late-1960s and early-1970s affinities: analog-sounding keyboards, acoustic strumming, fuzz-toned electric guitars echoing psychedelia and T. Rex, lots of tambourine-shaking.
Would you compromise... PATAKI: ...I think it was a bad deal, but I would have voted for it for a very simple reason.
At the time, the demonstrations represented the greatest challenge to date to the Islamist government of Mr. Erdogan, then the prime minister and now the president.
It shows that Pope Francis met with many people on the trip, and that she was simply another person who he tried to be kind to.” Father Rosica’s statement seemed to square with that account.
I’ve read the material you gave me, and I want to learn something, so I’m going to ask you questions.
“Sons could be drawing the lesson that the men I see around me are not working or committed fathers.
The teams said that they had tried to find a “stadium solution for many years” in their home markets and that they would continue to work “to find publicly acceptable solutions” in 2015.
She said security officials had told her that a large influx of newly displaced people had arrived at the camp on Thursday and that they suspected that the bomber had sneaked in with them.
King Salman will visit the White House next week for the first time since ascending to the throne, Saudi officials said, as part of a trip intended to patch over differences with President Obama over the Iran nuclear agreement.
I’m a farmer at heart.
Each of the nine post-and-beam style cabins features a modern kitchen, fireplace, heated floors and Aveda bath products.
His father died before the family left for Israel, and his mother died a couple of years after their arrival, according to Selah , an Israeli nongovernmental organization that supports vulnerable immigrants and that has aided Mr. Fikadey and his four brothers.
“His jailhouse name was ‘Preacher,’ ” Rene Peterson, 61, who was imprisoned at Attica from 2000 to 2001, said in an interview.
Though the hype about Kris feels forced, Jenny and Deedie have a nice dynamic on-camera.
The number of contracts awarded so far has already exceeded the government’s modest expectations for the auction.
Jesse L. Jackson (440 Garner Hall, 1959-60).
Fannie and Freddie have returned to the Treasury Department the $187.5 billion they received in the bailout, but will have contributed another $53.8 billion by the end of December.
Selling classical music — where symphonies last 40 minutes and concerts tend to be formal — through seven-second videos may seem misleading, or even contrary to the spirit of the music, which demands time and concentration, but Mr. Chen thinks “classical music can always do with a little more humor.” At virtually every concert, he said, people who know him through his comical videos come up to him: “My first thought is, Were they bored?
I do happen to make films that deal with political content, because that is what I am interested in.
No obstante, la riqueza de su música y las conexiones transfronterizas que se ponen de manifiesto en el Festival Bard son un recordatorio de cómo el apoyo gubernamental a las artes ayudó a crear, no sólo un sonido de las Américas, sino además un contexto que lo sustentara.
From 1996 to 2004 I worked on staff for PSE&G, installing and maintaining mobile data terminals used by employees in the field.
A ball taken deep into the corner on the left is cycled out, then slipped to an unmarked Lloyd in the left side of the area.
We need to anticipate other levels.” Tunisia’s security forces have conducted hundreds of raids, and frequently announce arrests and successful operations against insurgents.
While the Yankees are on the road, the flags are taken down and stored in metal boxes on the roof.
In Greece and the Middle East, cooks deal with this characteristic of okra by tossing and marinating it in vinegar with salt before cooking.
She is the department coordinator for textiles and fashion arts at the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston.
In one call, he suggested he gets a lot of business done at wakes and funerals.
It is also exactly what you should make in the cold heart of winter, when the steaming combination of fried meat or vegetables, sweet-tart tomatoes and a cap of golden cheese seems nothing short of spiritual.
Endemic corruption makes matters worse.
The United Nations goal of limiting global warming to about 3.6 degrees is based on a comparison to temperatures in the preindustrial 19th century.
Given the limited number of fellow visitors I’ve encountered in a place built in 1937 for the memorably named John T. de Blois Wack, this delusion is not as hard to sustain as it may seem.
Her performance salvages a film that without her, would be a laborious slog down a well-trodden path.
The team of officers, looking for suspects in a credit card fraud ring, were relying on a courier who identified Mr. Blake as one of the buyers, the police said.
Can you fight them yourself?
Underpinning the takeover is a bet that financial companies will continue to outsource some of their systems to reduce costs.
In a new piece that bears her name, the mischievous Douglas Dunn refracts the goddess into dueling parts danced by two six-foot-tall women, Jin Ju Song-Begin and Jessica Martineau, amid a larger constellation of dancers.
One might think of the artist-writers Sophie Calle, who has revisited letters from jilted and jilting lovers, and Chris Kraus, who diarized her obsessions to thrilling effect in the autobiographical novel “I Love Dick.” But Stark herself admits that her own stance toward Bobby Jesus and the other men she has been inspired by can seem strikingly mannish (“or whatever the female term for womanizer is,” she jokes).
A front-page headline in the centrist Rome newspaper Il Messaggero read: “Yes to communion to divorcées.” In its headline, the conservative newspaper Il Giornale summed up the conclusions in four words: “Divorcées yes, gays no,” a reference to the bishops’ rejection of same-sex marriage.
While some employers cut jobs in response to a minimum-wage increase, others find that a higher wage floor enables them to fill their vacancies and reduce turnover, which raises employment, even though it eats into their profits.
On Sunday, Egypt’s president, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, personally gave her an award for being an extraordinary mother.
It was also done to allow the city to properly prepare the correct and appropriate charging documents.” Mr. Batts also sought to add his voice to the tamping down of expectations that information about the police investigation into Mr. Gray’s injuries and death would be immediately revealed once the department turns over its findings to Ms. Mosby on Friday.
Do you have a clothing specialty?
Under New York’s civil rights law, personnel records for corrections officers (as well as for many police and fire departments) are deemed confidential and “not subject to inspection or review.” Individual records like Officer Pritchard’s emerge only when subpoenaed in lawsuits, and then are usually kept under seal .
And, more important, how can this shift be more than words?
But that’s the trade-off for making a more popular and accessible public space.
“I hate them,” emailed Michael Strain, an American Enterprise Institute scholar with expertise in labor markets and, apparently, candy.
He said the Stadium was sold out except for a smattering of seats, including some for fans in wheelchairs, and some standing-room tickets.
By contrast, the Horned Frogs turned two Ole Miss turnovers into 14 points.
Tibetans, he said, needed to keep in mind four key points: survive, sustain, strengthen and succeed.
Bogosian tells us that the group received “training and inspiration” from the Palestine Liberation Organization, and later forged ties to Abu Nidal, a ruthless Palestinian terrorist.
In 2010, she played at the World Series of Poker in Las Vegas for the first time.
Passenger jets doomed the superliners, however.
“Nor do we propose to permit the Eastland subcommittee, or any other agency outside this office, to determine in any way the policies of this newspaper.
Is podcasting in the middle of a long boom or a short bubble?
There she worked as a medical secretary before becoming a substitute public-school teacher.
Of course, I also used to work 16 hours a day instead of my lazy 12 that I do now.
A. O. exclusive” black bears.
And that’s a humongous change in basic strategic doctrine.”
You can receive it via email .
Some of the choices at these sites are artworks that are easily accessible to a general audience; other offerings, such as dance performances or discussions of poetry, deliberately have nothing to do with the demands of the commercial art market, Ms. Flay said.
The progress ended in April 1975, when the Khmer Rouge emptied Phnom Penh, the capital, and essentially turned the nation into a vast prison camp.
European authorities have agreed to disburse $8.4 billion in fresh funds to Greece, allowing the country to keep paying its bills in the coming months.
Alone or in pairs, some seek asylum from persecution at home, others a brief respite.
Girls, Guns and Glory, country.
Her book “ The Dream of the Unified Field : Selected Poems 1974-1994” (1996) won a Pulitzer Prize.
The family that was living in the slums was actually better off than the others.
Watching his hapless father speak about his passion project — a homemade space capsule to be used in the event of a nuclear war — Alexei remarks that “his cheeks remained red with excitement and dermatitis.” After taking English classes, Sergei calls Americans at home and steals their identities by posing as an I.R.S.
The feathers sold, for $5 to $40.
And her meta-commentary on the sexual politics of male-reporter, female-starlet magazine profiles (“There’s almost a script, you know, where I playact this sex symbol persona”) exhausted him.
Mr. Cuomo’s record on big projects is not unblemished.
Injuries were part of the problem for the defensive line last season, and could be again this season.
That wasn’t the easy part, but it certainly does aid in solving by process of elimination, especially if you (and by that I mean me) weren’t sure how to parse “Big roll?” at 23 Across.
The event assumed a quasi-religious status within Samsung culture, and the room where it happened was recreated at the firm’s headquarters in South Korea as a kind of shrine.
AIRLINES BAN HOVERBOARDS American, Delta and United have banned hoverboards , the personal transportation devices that resemble self-propelling skateboards, from all flights.
Moreover, that there was no centralized system for tracking the frequency of civilian deaths at police hands or the circumstances in which they occurred.
Officials said that the issue of looting had taken on more urgency in the past several days, but each seemed to hold another agency responsible for securing the sites.
‘Jim Henson’s Dinosaur Train Live!
In 1873, long before there was fine fescue or a singular tree at Chambers Bay, there was rail traffic.
Norway had joined the European Union and the United States in barring Mr. Rogozin from traveling through its territory after the annexation in Crimea, and it protested what was widely seen as a defiant gesture.
Often neglected in the past, women are receiving more attention from banks and other financial institutions.
“I think it is safe to say there are more, given the events of the last year,” he said, explicitly linking a shift in attitude to an increase in media coverage of police violence, including high-profile deaths like Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., and Eric Garner in Staten Island, N.Y.
You want to be the biggest, most fully realized version of yourself you can be.
Medical disability claims, on the other hand, were liberally granted, and, if denied, could still be obtained through the right connections.
But the audience’s premature applause toward the end was another indicator of shoddy craftsmanship.
“If you can push through that week or so when it feels greasy, your hair returns to a more natural state, like a child’s hair.” But mere promises of perfect hair aren’t enough for everyone.
Lina Khatib, the director of the Carnegie Middle East Center in Beirut, said that a combination of Lebanon’s relative social openness and the uncertainty of life there has helped make it the capital of fortunetelling in a region where many countries jail accused sorcerers and Saudi Arabia sometimes beheads them.
China's currency has depreciated sharply in recent months, reflecting concerns of a possible crash in the Chinese economy, which is the second largest in the world after the United States.
Updated, 12:47 p.m. Friday | Donald J. Trump revealed gaps in his mastery of international affairs during a radio interview on Thursday, appearing to mistake the Quds Force, an Iranian military group, for the Kurds, a Middle Eastern people, and growing testy over questions about foreign leaders.
“It’s going to be his way.” Others were exhausted with both parties.
“But we won’t stop.” Last week, the Spanish newspaper AS quoted a Portuguese police source describing Football Leaks as an “international criminal organization” — a description the Football Leaks authors mocked.
Lifetime is trying to tack away from the “women in peril” movies that it was once known for.
At the time, the only commonly available alternative was instant coffee.
Where is the outrage over the violence?
Mr. Piëch, 77, raised the prospect of a power struggle when he was quoted in a Der Spiegel interview published on Friday, saying, “I’m keeping my distance from Winterkorn.” Mr. Winterkorn received words of support over the weekend from Wolfgang Porsche, the leader of the other family that shares control of VW, as well as the automaker’s important works council, which holds crucial votes on the board.
), and his faith in the power of great sex — and a script that talks of little else — to support an almost two-and-a-quarter-hour feature is surprisingly sweet.
We are likely to recall that morality is a fiction whenever we are in a situation in which we would prefer not to follow what morality dictates.
Even Egypt has reverted to its authoritarian ways.
Anything to unobtrusively appear as if they are meeting a friend or family member.
Personally, I’m astonished the place didn’t burst into flames as soon as he set foot in the church vestibule.
“It does not appear to be criminal.
Unfortunately, the offensively-challenged trio of Lucas Duda, Travis d’Arnaud and Juan Lagares are due up.
Sometimes we focus on two or three types of errors or errors related to an aspect of grammar that students have recently studied.
Along with these are profuse archaeological documentation; paintings and sculptures by 20th-century artists like Willem de Kooning and Henry Moore who were inspired by Sumerian art; and politically fraught works by two contemporary artists, Jananne al-Ani and Michael Rakowitz.
And Concacaf did little to rehabilitate its image during the Gold Cup.
Local prosecutors gave tentative support to the plan.
“It was wild, you know.
The Welsh journalist and author Jon Ronson joined Twitter on Dec. 10, 2008.
Despite the difficulties in prosecuting individuals, the public expectation was that at least some senior officers would be charged.
“With respect to diet, a Mediterranean-style diet” – rich in fresh fruits and vegetables, whole grains, fish and olive oil — “is most closely associated with a reduced risk of developing Parkinson’s.” “There have also been some odd papers suggesting that certain foods, like red peppers and the flavonoids in apples, are protective,” Dr. Henchcliffe said, adding that careful studies are needed to determine if any specific foods or dietary substances are truly beneficial.
Five separate beaches dot the property, including one with pink sand and another with veins of black volcanic sand.
On display are old Iranian carpets, paintings inspired from the famous “Book of Kings,” and works by Bahman Mohassess, who is known as the “Persian Picasso.” “I love this idea,” said Manijeh Akbari, a 60-year-old who lives in the western neighborhood of Saadat Abad, “but the city shouldn’t forget the sidewalks need to be cleaned as well.” For years after the 1979 revolution, even advertisements were frowned upon by Iran’s clerical leaders, who favored placards.
It permits guns only for people with concealed-handgun permits, for which civilians must be 21 or older and have completed some training.
“Tread lightly,” she said, as Mr. Christie wrapped up, “not that such a man can.”
What about garlic, onions, fresh ginger and chiles?
The Panama City News Herald reported that a cellphone video of the assault showed several men surrounding an incapacitated woman on a beach chair.
“The East Village was just a terrible place in the ’70s — drugs, muggers, smelly.
An Uber spokeswoman declined to comment on the withdrawal of the case.
Members, K-12 teachers, active-service military families and children under 18, free; Tuesdays, free.
He and Cornelia seem crabbed and cautious by comparison.
In the article that resulted, a riveting, hilarious work of cinematic journalism, she nailed, among other quirks, Hemingway’s idiosyncratic, article-free “Indian talk:” “Book is like engine,” Hemingway told her.
“It’s a fight every day, and you just have to stick with it,” said Mayor Nutter, who will leave office in January.
“Yeah, I will definitely miss it.”
After Madison Keys’s breakout performance at the Australian Open, her disappointing losses on hardcourts in March seemed to indicate she needed the rest of the spring for recovery and recharging.
More must also be done to address the legitimate claims of Muslim inmates.
She said the issues had become apparent when some students refused to observe a moment of silence in schools after the attacks, which left 17 people dead.
But there is joy, too.
(Hunger attributed to failed economic policies is widespread in North Korea.)
Bonuses of €68 million accounted for about 90 percent of Mr. Winterkorn’s pay during the time when Volkswagen was manipulating emission tests.
The environment plays a critical role and can sometimes even trump genetics.
ARGENTO CHAMBER ENSEMBLE Revisiting the enigmatic composer Giacinto Scelsi (1905-88), this concert features Scelsi’s darkly resplendent violin concerto “Anahit” alongside works by Tristan Murail and the American premiere of Georg Friedrich Haas’s “Introduktion und Transsonation,” scored for chamber orchestra and a taped recording made by Scelsi.
“Nonprofits are starved for funding and governments have little money to finance innovation,” noted Gordon Berlin, head of the social policy research organization MDRC, which led the program at Rikers for the city, contracting with Osborne to execute the plan.
It will not be rescheduled, according to the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.
It’s not like Match.com, but it just happened to work,” he said.
He didn’t look like he was resting.
The Yin Yang Festival, which made its debut on the wall in Tianjin last fall, is to host a second edition in June (20 to 22).
RANGERS 4, ORIOLES 3 Bobby Wilson lined a tiebreaking single with two outs in the sixth inning, and Adrian Beltre hit his 13th home run as host Texas beat Baltimore.
Row after row of jagged, snowcapped mountains — hidden from sight all weekend — spiked upward against a backdrop of blue sky and puffy white clouds.
If members of Moir’s staff see any particularly unruly behavior on Sundays — he chuckled as he detailed the time he witnessed several students engaged in a snowball fight on one of the fairways — they will not hesitate to admonish the offenders, though most visitors are respectful.
By any standard, Vera Jourova has had a busy year.
“If I had to,” he said, “I’d bet on that.”
But then he signed up for SherpaShare, a free analytics site that helps ride-hailing drivers calculate their real incomes.
Lorena Cano, 36, who immigrated from El Salvador in 2004, waited with her two children, ages 6 and 3.
“I knew there was something better out there for me.” When he was released in 2007, Mr. Raymond moved to Washington, D.C., convinced that a change of scenery would help foster his change for the better.
Lo que pasó el mes pasado en Douma lo dejó muy claro.
And despite moving closer together, Qatar and Saudi Arabia still do not share a common view on several key regional issues.
Focus on Venture Funding Iora was founded three years ago, but Dr. Fernandopulle began developing his model for medical care years before.
The crawl on NDTV, an Indian news channel, changed to “MODI/OBAMA HUG,” because this was not expected.
It would be much more difficult today for the United States to act in the same manner, Mr. Johnson said.
Far from being naïve and flighty, “the real Elizabeth Bentley had been a strong woman who defied limits, laws and traditions,” Ms. Olmsted writes.
In tandem with the project’s patron, a bona fide duke, and a crew of workers equipped with diggers and dump trucks, they brought cosmological theories to life by creating the Crawick Multiverse, which loiters at the usually deserted intersection of theoretical physics, 20th-century land art, ancient Peruvian earthworks, and the British obsession with gardening.
As written by Jonathan Ames, Blunt is the sort of narcissistic gallant Peter O’Toole sometimes played, combining romantic British exceptionalism (the ability to quote endless swatches of Shakespeare, a history of malaria) and the neediness of a little boy.
Some larger pieces left behind have been destroyed, as have a number of tombs in the area.
Season 1, Episode 9: “The Reckoning” The pleasures and problems of Starz’s freshman series “Outlander” are precisely the same.
Then on Wednesday, they struggled for seven innings to solve Strasburg.
He wasn’t buying for investment purposes.
“Everything opens up after a shot.
But after all the scandals and arrests involving state lawmakers, this should have been the year for bigger things.
So, a school with the same high sticker price for everyone would be unlikely to have the attributes — high test scores, Nobel Prize-winning faculty, a lively culture — that draw national or international attention.
, a village of about 1,300 people, which has one stoplight and is 30 miles from the nearest grocery store.
The Jeep brand again led the way, with sales up 20 percent.
The Gehryesque Da Monsta gatehouse, completed in 1995.
President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt announced a sweeping plan last fall to tighten his crackdown on Islamist insurgents in the North Sinai: clearing a half-kilometer buffer zone along the length of the border with the Gaza Strip, to block any weapons or support from coming through tunnels from Hamas militants on the other side.
Previews and Openings ‘The Christians’ (in previews; opens on Sept. 17) God may be in his heaven, but all is not right in the evangelical church presided over by Andrew Garman’s pastor.
“It’s like getting the most random call on a Monday that you simply do not see coming,” she said.
The frame and fork of the Specialized S-Works Tarmac bike that Contador has ridden on most stages at this year’s Tour have a list price of $4,000.
“Burnt” opened on Friday on about 3,000 screens, but had barely more than $5 million in domestic ticket sales for the weekend.
The third-year Owls coach Matt Ruhle has orchestrated quite a turnaround .
Will Spieth’s five-win, $22 million season be a rare phenomenon, the golf equivalent of Sunday night’s super blood moon, which hadn’t happened since 1982?
Presumably we’ll find out next week.
“Mohamud talked about doing something big in the United States,” the indictment said.
Consumer behavior is also to blame for Wi-Fi headaches.
It has the structure of an erotic French comedy, echoing both Feydeau’s farces and Eric Rohmer’s cerebral films, translated into the camp, flip banter that is the lingua franca of its characters.
“There’s a collective sense of sadness and regret, and a feeling of gratitude for this place that was so much a part of our lives.” He added that he took his law clerks to the restaurant at the beginning and end of their time on his staff, and that the judges from the Second Circuit had a number of dinners there.
For nearly one-fifth of Americans, the act finally challenged barriers in employment and in their environment that had severely limited their opportunities for full participation in daily life.
[ Staten Island Advance ] • A man suspected of attempted murder who escaped from police handcuffs in Harlem was recaptured after 28 days.
NYT » China to Allow Creation of More Private Banks | China’s banking regulator said on Friday that it will allow the establishment of more private banks and let foreign investors participate, Reuters reports.
After a practice in which he was one of the last players off the ice, Rangers defenseman Ryan McDonagh sat at his locker.
He conceded he might not have the votes to prevail, but said he would keep reminding the public of abuses like the government’s secret phone-data sweeps of American households that were finally declared illegal this month in federal court.
I bought the book on my Kindle, because I didn’t want my fellow commuters to see me with it.
Proclamations that people need to be more active are ubiquitous in the media.
The largest, an M 8.0 event known as the 1934 Nepal-Bihar earthquake, occurred in a similar location to the 1988 event.
Yet he spoke unmistakably to a broader audience when he said : “This is something that we are able to do in this country because we define a Canadian not by a skin color or a language or a religion or a background, but by a shared set of values, aspirations, hopes and dreams that not just Canadians but people around the world share.”
“Pax Erdogan is over,” said Ozgur Unluhisarcikli, the director of the Ankara office of the German Marshall Fund of the United States, a research organization.
In a Word This week’s grab bag of grammar, style and other missteps, compiled with help from colleagues and readers.
Detectives call and ask if she’s heard anything.
The Royals’ hitters still led the majors in times hit by pitch, with 27.
But all of that was lost in the conservative media coverage.
“I think there’s good baseball yet to be played,” Niese said.
But by 1970, United States oil production had reached its high point of 9.6 million barrels per day and began to decline.
Then it’s a really peculiar feeling afterward, different than I get from stretching out with guys my own age.” Mr. Lloyd offered his explanation for that.
IBM has been selling Hadoop for several years, but has redoubled efforts as it styles itself as a cloud computing company.
She went on to compare Stephen Sondheim to Shakespeare in the layered quality of his imagery.
Some Chinese buyers are parking money in what they see as a low-risk investment.
The film’s memorable bits come not from performance but from the serendipity of the road: Ms. Notaro snapping “Google me” to an unimpressed tollbooth worker, or browsing a roadside tombstone display, where she tells the proprietor: “I’ve had some health issues lately.
(Scott) ‘Straight Outta Compton’ (R, 2:22) F. Gary Gray’s exultant rap-to-riches story tracks the group N.W.A., who — with beats, smarts, corrosive poetry and powerful rhetoric — helped introduce gangster rap to an alternately freaked-out and receptive world.
Cookbooks demand their own real estate in the kitchen, where they tend to acquire the sort of greasy finger tracings and residues of spills unlikely to find their way onto the pages of the latest Ferrante novel.
If smoked meat isn’t your thing, equally good is grilled chicken at room temperature, or cold poached chicken.
This month, China announced an economic growth target of about 7 percent for this year, down from 7.4 percent in 2014, already the slowest in 24 years.
Another entertainment holding is the Madison Square Garden Company, which owns sports teams, including the New York Knicks and Liberty basketball teams; cable channels; and other venues besides its arena.
On Jan. 15, Judge Goldsmith ruled that the couples had “acquired a status that state officials may not ignore, absent some compelling interest.”
“There will be more choices, and that is all good from a consumer’s point of view.” All good, in this case, could include the amount a consumer spends, but how the consumer will spend in the new environment is an open question.
And about the cheese: You need mozzarella for creaminess and a grating cheese for tang.
July 25 at 8 p.m. $38.
“Those who do not share these values, those who do not want to respect these principles, must question their presence within the European Union,” Mr. Hollande told reporters.
As much as I loved my parents, I wanted an escape.
A team of experts is trying to determine whether it was suicide or murder, but the evidence is inconclusive and a consensus seems improbable.
And then there were the pants.
The committee has yet to make a recommendation.
“I salute the ownership.” Over the past week, the Mets acquired four players — Kelly Johnson, Juan Uribe, Tyler Clippard and Cespedes — who added to their infield depth, fortified their bullpen and strengthened their offense.
I found a strange note on my desk a month ago: ‘‘Why do soufflés rise and fall?’’ The handwriting was mine, but the note seemed foreign.
Of course, my editor could have clued me in before I met Shelly.
No, see, the man is using some tricky logic on you.
Although he has a good heart and a sense of humor, when he stumblingly makes a pass at Julie, both recognize the trouble that lies ahead.
Véronique Nichanian Age 61 Occupation Artistic director of the Hermès Men’s Universe Location Paris Her Favorite Room The living area of her Haussmannian apartment in the Sixth Arrondissement, a white-walled, high-ceilinged room with a view of the Eiffel Tower.
The program features Tchaikovsky’s Symphony No.
Abdulrasheed Alfaqih, a human rights advocate in Sana, said that his organization had for years defended Houthis unjustly detained by Mr. Saleh’s government during the wars in Saada.
A Long Island Rail Road crew left the locomotive, with only its air brakes applied, on a descending grade in the New York & Atlantic’s Fresh Pond Yard in Queens, the National Transportation Safety Board reported.
During New York City’s 1975 fiscal crisis, he was named to a management team of outside experts by Mayor Abraham D. Beame in an effort to forestall stricter supervision by New York State.
It masks (falsely presents) as purely expert regulatory measures that are effectively grounded in politico-ideological decisions.
1 oil field services provider, said last week that it believed the North American rig count might be bottoming and that land drilling and completion activity could start to rise slowly in the second half of the year.
[ New York Times ] • A fish served at a fancy restaurant on Central Park South was so fresh it still had the hook in its mouth, says a woman who is suing over her injuries.
Baker goes on to argue that Summers “now recognizes that the financial system needs serious regulation.” Some economists disagree with Summers.
And most are not invited back the next year.
In the populist politics he has espoused for decades as a leftist activist, socialist mayor, and independent congressman and senator, those who knew Mr. Sanders, who declined to comment for this article, detect the influence of postwar Brooklyn stickball games, arguments over money between his parents, and the work ethic instilled in him as a decorated long-distance runner.
Nor will he use “Islamic State” to describe the radical Sunni group that now controls territory in Syria and Iraq.
We are in this together.'
In terms of real estate, it’s one of the museum’s largest shows ever.
It basically means doing nothing, or else engaging in a situation as little as you can.
Her mother teaches high school mathematics at the Dalton School in New York.
Next door, the elegantly large and modern living room is given character with the use of traditional materials such as warm wooden shutters, also of antique pine.
We saw a table of women on a mom’s night out, two couples on a double date and even a lone hipster putting down a frayed copy of David Foster Wallace’s “Infinite Jest” to chat up the bartender.
The Royals-Blue Jays series starts Friday.
The judges, Edward M. Chen and Vince Chhabria, each found that the question of whether the drivers were contractors or employees was murky enough that a jury must decide it.
Vanderbilt rallied with a three-run ninth on Monday to beat Cal State Fullerton, 4-3, on the freshman Jeren Kendall’s ninth-inning, two-run homer.
Soon, Mr. Amin, who displayed on his Twitter account an image of an Islamic State flag flying over the White House, was driving a friend to the airport so he could travel to Syria and posting an article on how to use the digital currency Bitcoin to support the jihadists.
Turner,” Mike Leigh’s biopic about the 19th-century British painter J.M.W.
Fan mail has mostly gone digital.
The debate also had 7.9 million viewers in the 25-to-54-year-old demographic that is coveted by advertisers.
Local Pander: Ye olde joke about how he and the other presidential contenders were serving as an “economic driver” for the local economy.
The British jewelry designer and T contributor has a natural knack for tracing trends and honing her curatorial eye — take her Instagram account , for example, whose super-focused detail shots of American and European fine-art portraits have earned her more than 10,000 followers.
As Ms. Bandele said, her neighbors are all too aware that while they may be given a summons for drinking beer on their stoop, residents of more affluent quarters of the city can do those sorts of things and go unnoticed and ignored.
When Ms. Fiorina, formerly a top executive at Lucent Technologies, took over at Hewlett-Packard in 1999, it was the largest publicly traded company ever to be led by a woman.
Now Dr. Gur and his colleagues at Lawrence Berkeley hope to duplicate that initial success.
“The candidates will still have money and more televised debates, and will think: Why not try their luck in New Hampshire?” It is the debates that start next month, far more than the number of candidates in the parades this weekend, that many voters are eager to see to help make up their minds.
And North Carolina is encouraging teachers to evaluate paintings, scribbles or block-building sessions, instead of giving quizzes, in assessing the reading, math and social skills of kindergartners.
So, sure, you can use your child to justify your Apple Watch purchase.
Laws passed over the last two decades have enabled companies to defer paying taxes on those earnings, to the consternation of lawmakers and corporate critics.
“I’m just trying to be myself.”
To the Editor: Re “ Back Story to a Major Cultural Donation ” (Arts pages, March 24): Kudos to Lincoln Center for wrangling David Geffen, a resident of Los Angeles, into paying $100 million for the naming rights of the New York Philharmonic’s home.
Pandit Dwejendra Doobay performed a Hindu ceremony at the Hyatt Regency in Princeton, N.J.
At Nilufar Depot , monumental Gio Ponti lamps hang overhead in the sprawling design warehouse owned by the dealer Nina Yashar, Paglialunga’s friend and a “fantastic eccentric” who procured several pieces for the designer’s apartment, including Martin Gamper pieces crafted “like Arte Povera” from the Formica doors of a Gio Ponti-designed 1950s hotel.
For non-hotel residents, dinner is 95 Canadian dollars per person.
Later, when he tries to trade it to another player in exchange for getting that number back, we hear that it must be worth at least $20,000.
A series of shocking and highly publicized crimes in the 1980s and 1990s led states to write the current set of laws permitting commitment for such offenders.
Mr. Bunker said most automakers were already providing accurate numbers; the companies that were not will be given “greater insight into how we arrive at our audit numbers” and allow the agency to “better monitor manufacturer compliance.” The test under scrutiny measures a car as it slows to a stop from about 70 miles an hour.
Refsnyder says he has always been very comfortable with his adoption, but he knows that life can be challenging for some adopted people, especially during the identity-forming years of adolescence.
Baffert certainly sounded confident that American Pharoah would join the seven Triple Crown winners who won their next start after successfully sweeping the series.
• The Pentagon proposed putting heavy weaponry in Eastern Europe to deter possible Russian aggression.
When Manager Terry Collins was asked about platooning Nieuwenhuis and Cuddyer, he seemed to have at least entertained the thought.
Mr. Hadi later fled to Aden and declared that he was still the country’s leader, splitting the country between hostile centers of power.
Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays, 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.; Wednesdays, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Fridays, 10 a.m. to 7 p.m.; Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Auction estimates for the 17 panels, most of which measure eight feet wide, range from $600 to $1,500 each.
After that I was done with it.
A guilty plea would only add to his record and compound the penalties if he were arrested again.
In that setting, the symphonic grandeur and inventiveness of Haydn’s Symphony No.
Related: For more fitness, food and wellness news, follow us on Facebook and Twitter , or sign up for our newsletter.
As the ball bounced away, the final buzzer sounded and the Cleveland Cavaliers secured a 114-111 victory over the Atlanta Hawks.
“He is released, so there is no point in continuing it,” Mr. Khatib said.
Urban myths about it sprouted.
Mr. Jindal, who has previously called Mr. Trump a “carnival act,” wants to convince primary voters that the party’s front-runner in the polls right now is not a true conservative.
The Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, or Barda, which is the biodefense procurement agency in Health and Human Services run by Dr. Robinson, decided to seek additional production.
I always check the arts, I scan the home page.
“Wet Hot” may owe its rebirth to nostalgia and lucky casting, but it’s worth noting that the film represents a transitional moment in American humor — a bridge from the films it was sending up (“Porky’s,” “Meatballs”) to the more knowing and detached comedies of today.
It maintains our relevance where our customers are going.” She added, “We believe in video neutral and that all screens are the same.” CompareCards.com, which lets people examine the benefits of credit cards online, is advertising on the pregame show and during the first half.
“I think I kind of pumped my fist and celebrated.
“It will be the first time ever that we get to analyze this body of work with a healthy distance from Modernism and Greenberg,” Mr. Delahunty added.
Officials did not release the name of either the student or the deputy.
However, he pushed back against comments from Hillary Rodham Clinton, who said on Tuesday that Republicans operate on a spectrum of hostility toward immigrants.
All that Jakub Klena wants is to watch the latest episodes of the Netflix show “House of Cards.” But Mr. Klena — and many Europeans like him — cannot use the movie-streaming service in his hometown, Bratislava, Slovakia.
“And for months they blithely carried on.
“This Saudi oil market strategy puts a huge question mark over the entire relevancy of OPEC,” Seth Kleinman, an analyst at Citigroup, said in an interview.
The biennial was not originally created with that crowd in mind.
However, Jay Altman, its chief executive, told me in an email that before FirstLine took over, a similarly low proportion of students, about 35 percent, were returning.
Follow The Times’s local coverage on Twitter and Facebook .
Tuesdays through Thursdays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Fridays, 2 to 8 p.m.; Saturdays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.; or by appointment.
“The Better Angels,” directed by A. J. Edwards.
But it will be an opportunity to talk about old masters in America.” Sotheby’s, for its part, remains relaxed about Christie’s move and has no plans to alter its calendar.
Together, the two machines form a prototype of a data-archiving approach that could spread more widely as soon as five years from now.
The film is called “United Passions,” but it is not, as the title might suggest, a lusty adventure in the way-too-friendly skies: a lonely flight attendant, a misunderstood pilot.
Students: Scroll through the entire interactive, then tell us … — What would you be willing to wait in a really long line for?
792 Eastern Parkway, at Kingston Avenue, Crown Heights, Brooklyn, 718-907-8833, jcm.museum.
“With enough data, you can infer drug use or political persuasions,” he said.
The rest of the sky was impossibly azure.
We try to stick to that as best we can.” Carroll could not escape questions about the Super Bowl, but he appeared as jovial and energetic as ever, and as comfortable with reporters as any coach in the room.
“Advertisers, without a doubt, have more choices.
Mr. Meltzer, who has a diverse portfolio of novels, comic books, television shows and children’s books, reached out to his Facebook followers, who at the time numbered around 60,000, in hopes of finding a living donor.
There will be a technique class, a session with students from the dance and theater departments and a dinner at which I will receive the university president’s highest honor, all on Tuesday.
The ACE Theatrical Group of Houston, which reopened the theater in February , also knew what to do.
This weeklong run features just the original band lineup (Reid Anderson on bass, Ethan Iverson on piano, David King on drums), which can deliver a gut punch one moment and turn delicate as a snowflake in the next.
Death rates for almost all types of cancers are steadily decreasing.
A Russian billionaire is returning two Picasso portraits valued at $30 million to the artist’s stepdaughter, who says they were stolen from her.
The legal back and forth in recent weeks is part of a bigger, bitter battle that traces back to 2001, when Argentina defaulted on nearly $100 billion of government bonds.
The chef, Andrew D’Ambrosi, gets really creative with a potato cannelloni with pine nut ricotta and merguez eggplant.
But I was quite heartless about that.
The Saturday tech newsletter will be on hiatus until Jan. 9.
(Soloski) ‘Dear Elizabeth’ The lifelong friendship of the poets Elizabeth Bishop and Robert Lowell is dramatized (albeit minimally) in this moving epistolary play by Sarah Ruhl.
Her mother is a member of the Teach for America Regional New Jersey Board, in Newark, and is on the American Jewish Committee Women’s Leadership Board in New York.
Mostly the idea is to use a community of conversation as a way to get somewhere: to revive old vocabularies, modernize old moral traditions, come up with new schools and labels so that people have more concrete building blocks and handholds as they try to figure out what life is all about.
HP once thought it should operate its own public cloud, but appears to have decided this would not be a good use of capital or resources.
Unless changes are made, an even bigger shock is expected here, given that the population of people 60 or older is expected to reach about 14 percent of the overall population in just two decades, up from about 7 percent now.
A devoted David Foster Wallace fan himself — he had excerpts from Wallace’s memorable commencement speech at Kenyon College, “This Is Water,” read at his wedding — Mr. Ponsoldt said he knew within minutes of meeting Mr. Segel that he was the one.
“You become musicians in your own mind,” he said.
Business meetings with agents, directors and studio executives unfold with mordant black humor.
He also served as a senior adviser at the Federal Trade Commission.
But he said the benefits amounted to $30 billion to $90 billion.
quarterbacks said they would be surprised if the referees approved balls that were well under the allowable threshold for game use.
Al Horford had 22 points and 12 rebounds for the Hawks, who have followed a 19-game winning streak by losing three of their last six.
Finebaum lived for years in Birmingham, but with his bump to the new SEC Network, he moved to Charlotte, N.C. Nowadays, Finebaum’s show airs nationally on the SEC Network four hours each weekday, and Phyllis from Mulga is something of a household name.
Six minutes later, Lloyd obliged.
Mr. Elliott did not respond to queries on Friday.
He ranked above General Xu, the other vice chairman toppled on corruption charges, and both men served in the Politburo, one of the party’s innermost rings of power.
argue that the “key to better environmental outcomes is not ending human alteration” but “anticipating and mitigating the negative consequences” of human environmental perturbation.
New York residents now have until Saturday, a four-day extension, the New York State Department of Health announced on Tuesday.
Fifth Avenue at 103rd Street, 212-534-1672, mcny.org.
So we are often bad at the project Clinton recommends.
What would you like to see here to start your day?
The engine is known to work.
Now, many more people are seeing it, too.
For students, it’s the season of stress.
CICELY TYSON Mentally, Fonsia is the most difficult character I have ever tried to put together.
During nearly four years of war there, Israel has bombed Syrian territory several times, targeting weapons storehouses and convoys said to be bound for Hezbollah, without provoking retaliation from the group.
Galbraith would write her a check for the pigeons on the spot, for $4,000 or more, often without double-checking her count.
“You’ve made a lot of people proud — your parents, your teachers, your friends, your mentors,” Mr. Obama told the children in an East Room ceremony.
Like Halep, Petra Kvitova, a two-time Wimbledon champion, had been among the final eight at the other three majors but had never found much fortune once the U.S. Open rolled around.
A doctor in the hospital said by telephone that after searching room to room for wounded members of the Afghan security forces, the insurgents posed for photos , apparently as proof that they had been there, and left.
Even in Brooklyn, where it would seem a natural fit, hempcrete has been a tough sell for Gennaro Brooks-Church, a contractor who specializes in green building.
“People are scared to go out,” he said.
He finished with nine receptions for 118 yards, giving him 118 catches for the season, a franchise record.
After Claire makes a clumsy attempt at seduction (“Oh God, I’m sorry, I thought that’s where we were going,” she says in mortification), Jonathan gradually begins warming to her, taking an almost fatherly interest in her wayward love life, which mostly involves dating older, inappropriate men with deep pockets.
But the loans did not come through, prompting M.W.I.
NEW HAVEN New Haven Museum “An Artist at War: Deane Keller, New Haven’s Monuments Man.” Through May 9.
The report also could cheer Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , who gained office three years ago on a pledge to ramp up growth.
“The language for Baroque music was not my language,” he said.
“In Manhattan, where there are height limitations and square footage is extremely expensive, it’s very rare for any developer-client to give over any space, particularly for soil and tree root balls,” Mr. Kelly said.
After the early closure of “The Anarchist” and a couple of modest revivals, Mr. Mamet has returned to Broadway with a new play, starring Al Pacino and Christopher Denham, directed by Pam MacKinnon.
MacArthur Park, in Pico-Union, where the Rampart cops had run amok, was drained of drug dealers and crime.
There were arrests, prosecutions and prison terms.
The scientists found that 80 percent of the known human noroviruses matched those found in oysters.
Budget-conscious students can tap the wearable tech vibe for as little as $88.
Mr. Zdar bought the studio, on the Rue des Martyrs in the 18th Arrondissement, in 2001, drawn by its location and history.
It was just great to get on the court with him the first time, even though I’ve known him for a few years.
Ziva was independent-minded and protective of those she loved, and so is Shirah, Ms. de Pablo’s character in “The Dovekeepers.” But there’s a well-scrubbed tepidness to Shirah, and to this whole mini-series, that Ziva never would have tolerated.
The amputation took place four days after Pierre-Paul injured both hands during a Fourth of July fireworks accident.
I appreciate what you’ve said about how you aren’t trying to tell the universal Asian-American story, because that doesn’t really exist.
THE machine hums along, quietly scanning the slides, generating Pap smear diagnostics, just the way a college-educated, well-compensated lab technician might.
“Not to buy more stock,” Mr. Kovitz is quick to emphasize.
Michigan State’s unexpected run ended quietly Saturday night when the Spartans lost , 81-61, to Duke in a national semifinal.
You will have to lick your fingers if you order the overstuffed shrimp po’ boy.
And on one table there’s a guestbook, where those who have stayed in room eight can write a note or share a memory.
I learned to curve my stick’s blade just so, and discovered which hockey balls were for cold weather (blue) and which were best suited for warm (orange).
Professor Morck is gathering data on current index valuations.
Fund-raisers were organized for the indicted men.
In many ways, Mr. Walker demonstrated an instinctual grasp of the state.
Happening, a new gallery and performance space in the East Village, presents an exhibition with paintings by Arturo Vega, a Mexican-born artist who worked in New York from 1971 until his death in 2013.
He had been so close to a second-round victory at the U.S. Open , so close to advancing in a tournament that he had pledged would be his last.
She’s there eight times a week — another significant adjustment — to perform in “Living on Love,” an opera-besotted new Broadway farce that opens on April 20.
“In a room full of progressives,” he added, “you better believe we’re rooting for the crazy guy.” Karen Finney, a spokeswoman for Hillary Rodham Clinton’s campaign, spoke about Donald J. Trump’s comments on immigration at the first Republican debate.
STAMFORD The Palace Theater “The Science of Magic With Mr.
BOSTON COLLEGE 24, MAINE 3 Tyler Rouse rushed for 81 yards and scored two fourth-quarter touchdowns, and Boston College pulled away from visiting Maine.
It gets above 85 degrees and my whole body starts to shut down.
Although it skips the Vietnamese conflict, which featured in Allende’s novel “The Infinite Plan,” “The Japanese ­Lover” covers a lot of historical and social ground: the European Jewish diaspora, World War II concentration camps, pre- and postwar racism, illegal abortion, AIDS.
These are thin plastic tubes, inserted in the arm or chest and threaded through a vein, that can be left in place for days and the needle discarded.
Boards are charged with doing what is right for all of the shareholders.”
But works with plenty of color and wall power by international brand names drew competitive bidding.
At the end of the first movement, where other conductors evoke a desperate plea as the cellos yearn over rolling timpani, he focused instead on little shafts of light, a benediction of gleaming violins and flutes.
For those affected, there were also promises of a memorial, psychological counseling and job training, and assurances that their story would be taught in Chicago schools.
The point is that as water prices increase, the prices of these products are also likely to rise.
Someday, Orozco may tear down his house and rebuild it.
“It finally being here is so surreal.” Landry said that the bond he and Beckham shared “goes well beyond the game” and added: “His success means everything to me, as mine is to him.
This man was very polite.
Joseph M. Demarest Jr., assistant director of the F.B.I.’s cyberdivision, said in an interview that given the sophistication of the hackers American companies are up against, information-sharing had proved critical to tracing attacks back to hackers and ridding them from systems.
38 High Street, Westbury Village, Westbury-on-Trym; casamiarestaurant.co.uk.
Habitat for Humanity New York City also opened a ReStore in Woodside, Queens, last month.
It’s Good Friday for Western Christians, so it’s a good time for a religion post that isn’t just about the debate over Indiana , religious freedom and same-sex marriage.
But since this is immersive theater, audiences can follow one family member’s story line, or they can do a little exploration of their own, whether that’s getting a hand massage from a cabana boy or musing about the passage of time with the goddess Venus.
Expect a protracted and messy process to form the next governing coalition after official results are announced.
Sweetening the day I keep candy in the basket on my desk to make it attractive for my team members to visit.
SOUTHAMPTON Southampton Cultural Center Southampton Jewish Film Festival, primarily archival films.
Autor poses the core problem raised by these developments: One potential interpretation of the evidence above is that, because rising inequality is substantially a consequence of the impersonal forces of supply and demand, public policy has no role to play in shaping the trajectory of inequality or its social impact.
For years, Beijing residents have wondered how dealers were able to sell their wares so openly near a police station in the Sanlitun district, home to many embassies, bars, and restaurants popular with expatriates.
Here’s what’s happening Friday and this weekend.
We do see some practical bits early on.
Pornography also became widely available on videocassette in the 1980s.
SELFIE A comedy about online fame that was boldly, or bizarrely, modeled on “My Fair Lady,” it wasn’t last fall’s worst new show but it was one of the first to be canceled.
Fritz August Breuhaus de Groot, who designed Lampedo’s walnut chandelier in lightning bolt patterns ($30,000), accepted Nazi commissions including the interior of a plane for Hermann Goering.
Rather, the music’s moody outbursts and vivacity come fully alive in elegant readings that are attentive to quicksilver changes in dynamics and articulation.
Bohai decided to make a takeover offer after learning of a rival bid.
Since the sanctions were imposed, several European banks have been fined large sums by the Department of Justice, including Standard Chartered of Britain, which has paid a total of nearly $1 billion, and ABN Amro of the Netherlands.
Ten years later, researchers discovered its nests in the eastern Amazon region of Brazil and realized that the ants cultivate a type of fungus that grows only in its nests and those of a species of leaf-cutter ants.
Mr. Marakovits said he was aware of rumors of a plan for a corridor, the idea mentioned by Slovenia’s prime minister, but declined to comment on it.
The engineers are members of the Unmanned Systems Group at Spawar, or Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command, a research and operations arm of the Navy.
“The Sangin situation is a little bit improved,” Mr. Attal said.
Steven Friedman is a lot of things — philosopher, poet, painter, student of medicine and molecular biology — but one thing he is not is a natural performer, which makes his one-man show at the Beckett Theater a bit of a slog.
Trump can be hyper-­solicitous of the press.
Tuesdays through Sundays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Mr. Enrique motioned toward the window.
Mr. de Blasio’s push to make the display more visible in parts of the city outside Manhattan dates to his tenure as public advocate, when he met with Macy’s executives to suggest the change.
And the spate of recent stories underscore why the self-research process is a relatively urgent task.
The “Bad Deal” campaign, which includes advertisements on TV, radio and the Internet, features Mr. Rubio warning against a possible nuclear deal with Iran and a narrator assuring that “Marco Rubio is fighting to stop it.” Conservative Solutions was set up by J. Warren Tompkins, a Republican operative also leading Mr. Rubio’s super PAC.
“I had $1,000 dollar suits that I no longer could wear,” he said.
The Atlanta Hawks will retire Dikembe Mutombo’s No.
Kasparov couldn’t believe that he had been beaten by a computer because he felt the play was a sign of superior intelligence.
The issue is stereotypically French, but it also plays into a serious debate about whether the country can change its work rules and make other adjustments to counter high unemployment and a morose economy.
He added that he blamed “government silence over the predominance of militias in Baghdad” for creating the conditions that led to the deaths.
There is a time and a place for pain pills, of course.
Mr. Costolo praised the company’s advertising team, led by Adam Bain, and said that marketers were pleased.
Pero este tratamiento no involucra nada nuevo, por lo cual nadie se está tomando el tiempo para educar a los doctores.
says, ‘When you try to negotiate a ransom, we will help you do it,’ ” said Nancy Curtis, the mother of Theo Padnos , who was held by the Syrian branch of Al Qaeda for nearly two years before his release last summer .
In Broadview Heights, Ohio, energy companies are suing the town — and residents are suing the energy companies in return — over a bill of rights that outlawed fracking and the disposal of its byproducts.
Mr. Bush said he was not aware of that record of contributions (you better believe the opposition researchers in the other campaigns are checking that claim right now) and reiterated his opposition to abortion.
China has rejected the process.
the authority to send warning letters to companies that add it to their supplements.
There is also the matter of resources.
The layoffs touch almost every area of the production cycle in the United States, and all employees losing their jobs will be informed by Friday, Ms. Schneider said.
Mills said he could see the Knicks’ logo in the envelope before Mark Tatum, the N.B.A.s’ deputy commissioner, made the announcement of live television.
It found that some of the most common procedures included spinal, weight-loss and cosmetic surgery, and cancer treatment.
Mr. Scott broke free and ran.
He accused Mr. Bush of saying he wanted to model his own campaign on the one ran in 2008 by John McCain, who also missed a large number of votes in the Senate.
You make a dough, which is almost like batter for a pancake.
It’s in no imminent danger of losing its trademark protection.
In August, Snapchat became “one of the world’s most valuable private tech start-ups,” according to Forbes , worth $10 billion, after a successful round of fund-raising — led by none other than Kleiner Perkins, which put in $20 million.
Sundays through Wednesdays, 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Thursdays, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays, 8 a.m. to 11 p.m. Bean Runner Cafe, 201 South Division Street.
“The dealer should have fixed it.” After a year of record recalls over faulty Takata airbags and General Motors ignitions, used cars recalled for defects continue to be sold to unwitting buyers.
“We used to be able to go out.
The request “came out of nowhere,” Mr. de Blasio complained, as his associates fumed privately that, once again, Mr. Cuomo had gone out of his way to challenge the mayor.
The RJR Nabisco domestic tobacco business was later spun off, eventually becoming part of Reynolds American when its operations were merged with the United States business of Brown & Williamson.
These days, the bottles that fill lists like Santoro’s are ranging further and further from the Parker-­sanctioned standard.
Mr. Manjoo is really talking about Reddit, the popular and frequently controversial online message board.
Future outposts may be in the offing, but a photograph of the original truck hangs on the wall, as an anchor.
After Mr. Gray’s death, the Justice Department began a civil rights investigation into the Baltimore Police Department.
This time, it was my father who took me in his arms as the soldiers drew near.
On Wednesday, Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve announced the government had shut down three mosques and four informal prayer rooms, while none had been closed in the 10 years before.
Julia Nietsch, a daughter of Helene J. Nietsch of Newtown, Conn., and William W. Nietsch of New Milford, Conn., is to be married Dec. 27 to Stephan Peter Kouris, a son of Despina C. Kouris and Petros S. Kouris of Fresh Meadows, Queens.
But he also said Mullah Mansour’s fighters had kept Mullah Dadullah’s men from carrying him away.
“He put us on his back,” Krzyzewski noted.
It’s not as if she’s prim or self-righteous; she’s not at all.
The president first raised the issue with Mr. Xi in 2013, when the two held their first lengthy talks at the Sunnylands estate in Rancho Mirage, Calif., but hacking has continued to bedevil the relationship between the United States and China.
Mr. Dudley, a senior Federal Reserve policy maker, said a rate increase remains on the table , Binyamin Appelbaum reports in The New York Times .
And Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany skipped Gdansk and will arrive in Moscow for talks with Mr. Putin, but not until the day after his mega-event on Saturday.
While on roadside bomb-clearing missions in Afghanistan, he ate only vegetarian versions of military field rations.
D’ANGELO I’ll tell you how I feel: I feel awesome.
It is a rare Eurosport vehicle that does not have an oversize portrait of LeMond on its exterior.
And next to it, the Brodsky Organization, in its first Brooklyn project, is putting up a multitowered complex that will have 440 market-rate studios to two-bedrooms.
The Warriors have not played particularly well, yet they have been in every game, with opportunities to win.
And the big slugger Ryan Howard, who led the league in homers in 2008 with 48, is now 35 and had an on-base percentage of .282 before striking out as a pinch-hitter Thursday.
“Gazprom and Moscow are going to do everything they can to continue to deal with national governments, rather recognize the primacy of Brussels over whom Gazprom deals with, and how,” Mr. de Jong said.
Mr. Gonzales, now the law dean at Belmont College in Nashville, told Retro Report, “We were comfortable in the application of these enhanced techniques to the most serious, the worst of the worse.” “There was a procedure put in place, or a process imposed by the Department of Justice,” he said.
But tranquillity has its limits.
Dec. 6 at 3 p.m. $35.
The pact reflects the healthy rivalry that exists between them.
That business has been the company’s single biggest source of revenue in recent years, but it has been an increasingly challenging one as interest rates have remained low, discouraging trading.
Citing cases in which victims’ families have sued Iran in American courts for sponsoring terrorism, he added, “if there is property belonging to the Palestinian Authority in the United States and the Palestinian Authority is involved in terror attacks against Israeli citizens, we can help them with claims all over the world.” The papers the Palestinians signed Wednesday acceding to the Rome Statute , which established the court in 2002, will soon be delivered to the United Nations secretary general and distributed to the court’s 122 member countries.
In another plotline that mirrors real life, Gavin Belson, Hooli’s chief, compares the treatment of tech billionaires to that of the Jews in Nazi Germany.
I was reporting to associates or partners at the law firm, but I was managing all these folks who in many instances were older and had more experience with the law.
I certainly won’t count them out quite yet.
The members of the Brooklyn Youth Chorus (Dianne Berkun-Menaker, director), models as always of musical and dramatic confidence, appear as sheep, little beasts, they’re called, to cheer on the trial.
And the newly assembled Clinton campaign team is planning a full-court press to diminish the book as yet another conservative hit job.
The next step in the collaboration between Cornell’s athletes and the dairy program is a protein drink, Big Red Refuel, which is expected to be released in the coming months.
“I’m black — you can’t get away from it,” he said.
Jonas Valanciunas led Lithuania with 15 points.
In both 1994 and 1995, he won more than 200 races.
When the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration issued citations, Mr. Blanchard testified, employees were sometimes warned, suspended or fired, even if they were high-ranking workers in the mines.
Now go do that seven more times.
For Children BRIDGEPORT Downtown Cabaret Theater “The Ugly Duckling,” “Chicken Little” and “The Three Little Pigs,” cabaret.
Twenty-four African countries currently face food crises, the report said, twice as many as in 1990.
“But I would like to be looked at as a role model for young dancers of color.
A year or so ago, I tried to reawaken that me by seeing “Lethal Weapon” at a revival house but couldn’t stop noticing all the lines looped in during postproduction.
They think putting $50,000 is enough — “three months’ operating costs and by then I should get revenues” — but collection might be late and you might not get the necessary cash flow to pay your bills.
Another good option for families is the Solid Sound Music Festival , held this year on June 26 to 28 at the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art in North Adams, Mass.
Eliot Spitzer of New York, will assume the new role at the institution on June 3.
Asked about reports that General Suleimani had visited Moscow, Mr. Ryabkov accused Washington of holding Russia to a standard that it did not respect itself.
Rooms are connected by a hallway with glass on one side and on the other, shutters that open to a living and dining room.
The statement — Mr. Netanyahu’s lengthiest about the speech since the Republican speaker of the House of Representatives, John A. Boehner, issued the unorthodox invitation without consulting his Democratic colleagues or the White House — sought to put the roiling controversy in historical context and evoked his longstanding sense of mission regarding Iran.
But it was striking that Mrs. Clinton, who distrusted reporters in the abstract, could be kind, curious and even playful with those who spent the most time with her.
So I subscribed to Plated, a weekly service that, for about $12 a plate, sends you the ingredients and a recipe to make an entree.
Despite the heat, the chorus inside sang hymn after hymn.
The new installation is a curatorial salad arranged thematically — into sections with titles like “Avant-Garde,” “Metropolis,” “Retreat” and “Abstraction.” These are a tad simplistic and sometimes too strictly or arbitrarily followed, with the result that some galleries work much better than others.
Follow the conversation at nytimes.com/insidefashionweek .
And Democratic fund-raisers say Mrs. Clinton’s involvement is helping Priorities USA Action gain ground.
Returning from injury, he once managed to lose a two-set match in 28 minutes.
Other naturally occurring threats such as anthrax, malaria and the ancestor of H.I.V.
In class, he conveys a sense that mathematics is fun.
Pablo Sandoval started a bit of a rally in the ninth inning with a two-out double, but Alejandro De Aza later grounded weakly back to the mound to end it.
In the meantime, I was renovating and had workmen showing up every morning to pull down walls, replace cabinetry and put in new floors.
A fight is very likely in the Louisiana Legislature as well.
W. looked like his father but got his acerbic streak from his mother.
Post a comment, email us at nytoday@nytimes.com , or reach us via Twitter using #NYToday .
But when she senses her husband’s attraction to Sabine, she is threatened enough to sabotage Sabine’s project.
That says something to me.” PANTHER IS RELEASED The Panthers announced they had released running back DeAngelo Williams, the franchise’s career leading rusher.
“Why come to the States when you don’t know if you are buying a chemical horse or not?” Jackson compared racing’s plight to that of boxing, which has various organizations acting independently.
The next day brought me to Banyalbufar, another gorgeous village set between sea and mountains, and to Son Vives winery, where Ramón Darder makes wine from Malvasia grapes.
Shaw Mansion, 11 Blinman Street.
“We’re all amazed at what she’s done, really,” Venus Williams said.
It is their job to keep the pressure on Iran to reform its ways; on Friday, a senior administration official arrived in Israel to explain how Washington still plans to inflict severe penalties on Iran for its sponsorship of terrorism and support for military proxies.
The A.K.P.’s leaders now depict every democratic criticism of them as an attack on the state.
By which you might infer he was talking about the two teams he played in the Final Four, Kentucky and Duke.
Some small European towns — like Voghera, Italy — took the Wild West approach instead.
But the next morning he called to ask me out to breakfast.
Boxcar Jones, James Taylor tribute band.
Which senators did Johnson lobby most aggressively, and how?
Dr. Rieders said the test did not yield conclusive evidence that Dalí had fathered a daughter.
For Mr. Obama, the arrival of Islamic State-inspired terror in the United States underscores urgent questions about the military and diplomatic effort his administration initiated more than a year ago, when the terror group surged into Iraq, seizing territory there and in neighboring Syria.
There have been many modifications during that span in a successful attempt to stay competitive, but nothing has been as radical as this year’s surgery to its composite hull.
A more widely held hypothesis says coyotes are somewhat new to the state, having moved in from central North America only after the extirpation of the wolf by the same settlers.
We used to tie-dye T-shirts and sell them to classmates.
And when she was done with her crustaceans, she always beamed a big smile and, in her posh British accent, said, “Oh, that was just lovely.” My mother was the one who taught me how to cook shrimp — and everything else.
One of the night’s biggest draws was the InStyle party, held at the Oasis Courtyard, which evoked the feeling of being underwater.
Mr. Andresen, whom dock mates said they rarely saw in the winter, encountered some jealousy.
You like that.’ No, we don’t.” Current and ex-officials said tension about how to portray the war’s progress began almost at the start of the campaign last summer, when Mr. Obama authorized strikes against Islamic State fighters in Iraq and later expanded the bombings to Syria.
Such a world existed in 1973, when Steven Sasson, a young engineer, went to work for Eastman Kodak.
The levels for new orders ticked up to 58.3, from 57.9 in May.
However, Podemos, a left-wing party with a strong anti-austerity and anti-establishment message, was set to make a significant breakthrough by winning 15 seats in its first domestic election since it was founded on a shoestring just over a year ago.
Inspiration fails him, to the surprise and consternation of his young companion, who is eager to watch him work.
He declined to speak of specifics in the case in a telephone conversation on Thursday.
The fans will have a chance to demonstrate whether they have taken any notice of the FIFA penalty when the Chinese anthem is played before a home game on Nov. 17 against the Chinese national team.
“It does nothing for anybody to be there flying, so I don’t see any reason.
“If I had not had this kind of emotional impetus,” she told the website, “I would have found it very difficult to spend such a long time completing this.”
THIS year we have seen a record number of refugees trying — and too often dying — to get across Europe’s Mediterranean frontier, propelled by brutal wars, the collapse of Libya and other states, environmental disasters and grinding poverty that both cause and feed on this human misery.
” He told me to “start on a realistic plan ASAP and stop writing cute filler articles like this one.
Another board member, Thomas Middelhoff, a former chief executive of the media conglomerate Bertelsmann, stepped down last year , and was subsequently sentenced to three years in prison in Germany for embezzlement and tax evasion.
But until Madrid, and by his own high standards, this was one of Nadal’s poorest seasons, including matches on his slower and beloved clay.
“We have more tips than we can handle.” The case has played out against an increase in retractions that has alarmed many journal editors and authors.
“There is a very strong feeling here,” Mr. de Gaskins said.
Through Dr. Sacks, the reader realized, “I was not a ‘crazy person’ or doing it on purpose to annoy my father.” Lennerd in Vietnam sent a copy of “Musicophilia,” a book by Dr. Sacks, to his elderly uncle who had amusia, a rare condition where music sounds like a cacophony of pots and pans rattling.
Mr. Keith said did not want to rush to judgment about the Abdulazeez family or the family’s religion or culture.
Topping the Jingle Ball bill, rightly, was the Weeknd, who had the concert’s most charismatic voice and most emotionally complex songs: tormented by compulsion and trauma, enmeshed in decadence and drugs.
For example, were you shocked when Mr. Trump revealed his admiration for Vladimir Putin ?
The South Stream cancellation fits with other recent moves by Gazprom.
In March of last year, China’s onshore bond market experienced its first private sector default , by the Shanghai Chaori Solar Energy Science and Technology Company.
At the show, Smith will be changing the dress’s shape in slow motion as she navigates through the audience.
The bride, who is known as Nina, is a daughter of Shamla H. Mani and Dr. K.N.
So the pro-Beijing parties are more realistic, and the people on the pan-Democrat side are more idealistic?
Probably not — or not yet, at least.
“Fifty Shades” not only destigmatizes kink, bringing bondage and spanking to airport bookstores and reading groups across the land.
He also held barbecues that drew major figures from the bluegrass scene to his home in Madison, N.J., where they played until dawn.
Off the living room is a family room with raised wall paneling, a wet bar and another dining area.
“Transportation is not about the identity of the state, transportation is much, much, much more about the ability to move and to travel,” she said.
The wives I observed are usually on lesser boards, women’s committees and museums in the outer boroughs with annual expectations of $5,000 or $10,000.
Airbrushing faces constituted a new category, and the authorities had told Taneja that the minimum number required for a Guinness world record was 25 faces, each with distinctly different foundation, eye shadow and lip gloss.
Long Island Rail Road trains will operate on a Sunday/holiday schedule.
Car dealers are also stuck with hundreds of diesel-engine cars on their lots that they can no longer sell until Volkswagen fixes the emission problem.
Tony Fratto, a partner at Hamilton Place Strategies and a Treasury and White House official under President George W. Bush, told Politico’s Ben White that Mr. Weiss’s decision was “really a shame,” calling it an embarrassment for the Obama administration.
Webber was then asked to replace a driver in the Mercedes program, before being hired to race full-time in 1998, and Mercedes agreed to pay the rest of his financially strapped F3 season.
“We don’t want to do that again,” Cheika said of his team’s shorthanded period.
I feel like anything could happen.
He did not wait for an answer.
See all stories from the issue >>
In between them lies Gambia.
The full six-hour package (beginning on Sunday night) has its wacky moments.
Latin Alternative Music Conference Compass, at Central Park SummerStage on Wednesday headlining a 6 p.m. show, is the electronica alliance of two previous visitors: Mexican Institute of Sound and Toy Selektah, sharing a bill with the understated electro-pop of Helado Negro.
In 1960, against the Redskins, LeBaron set an N.F.L.
The annual Projects, on the other hand – launched every fall – are inspired by particular techniques.
We all shared a bathroom.
Michael Bourn’s double gave Cleveland the lead.
She graduated from Elon University in Elon, N.C., and received a master’s degree in government, magna cum laude, from Johns Hopkins.
The Chinese characters for “Magna Carta” are censored in web searches on Sina Weibo, the country’s Twitter-like social media site.
Allegations of child abuse surfaced against him in 2002 and 2006 but were dismissed for lack of evidence; now, after criticism of prosecutors, there will be a “trial of the facts” in his case that opened on Friday.
“ ‘I Cried’ was my damn meat,” she wrote in her memoir, “Lady Sings the Blues.” The song connects backward to Louis Armstrong’s phrasing and silences and Bessie Smith’s volcanic projection; it connects forward to purposeful, idiosyncratic, brash or subtle or sideways vocal phrasers in the jazz and blues aesthetic and beyond: Abbey Lincoln, Betty Carter, Shirley Caesar, James Brown, Bob Dylan, Sly Stone, Erykah Badu.
She said she had not been dressed revealingly and that Mr. Strauss-Kahn had forced her to engage in a “brutal” act.
Ramnarace, the Unibam board member, told me that he supports Orozco as a leader, but that others in the gay community have their doubts.
7:30 p.m. [Donations from $5 to $25 accepted] • Nets at Magic, 7 p.m. (YES).
The roster has players from 21 states and six countries.
“This generally works well,” said Jan-Henrik Gruszecki, a member of a supporters’ group for Dortmund, a German club.
El artista más honrado de la noche fue Alejandro González Iñárritu, mexicano y director de “Birdman”, que recibió la estatuilla a la Mejor Película con un exhorto a respetar a los inmigrantes.
“I find strong, fit women a lot more attractive than lanky no-shape ones.” Like many others, Caroline Wozniacki said that putting herself in the best shape for tennis would be the priority until she stopped playing, when she could then trim down.
Yet that literary pedigree seems to linger: Mr. Aquin says that he has always been an insatiable reader, and cites Charles Baudelaire as his touchstone for artistic excellence.
And when Jacoby Ellsbury signed a free-agent contract with the Yankees, he realized that even though the team was giving him $153 million, the Yankees would not give him a jersey with 2 on the back.
Indeed, Mr. Huckabee risks being viewed by voters less as someone who aspires to be seen as presidential timber, than among washed-out candidates of the past, like Bob Dole, who went on to make Viagra ads, and former Senator Fred D. Thompson, who pitches reverse mortgages .
According to a study by an environmental think tank, every mile of additional urban freeway lane will create up to 186,500 tons more CO 2 emissions over 50 years.
Because of an editing error, another picture caption referred incorrectly to an award given to Anaheim goalie Jean-Sebastien Giguere, whose team lost the Stanley Cup finals to the Devils in 2003.
And what inspired her to start it?
Speaking in Parliament, Ms. May told lawmakers that she wanted to apply “new standards for openness, transparency and oversight” to a body of law widely criticized as incoherent and incomprehensible, and promised “world-leading oversight arrangements” for intelligence agencies.
He won 37 of the 48 states, with 404 Electoral College votes out of 531.
The bride’s first marriage ended in divorce, as did the groom’s.
(Chinen) ★ Joe Lovano Nonet (through Sunday) Joe Lovano, a tenor saxophonist with broad experience in large ensembles, has led this bop-flavored nonet — stocked with peers like the trumpeter Tim Hagans and the saxophonist Steve Slagle — on and off for more than a decade.
Actually, the star of the evening was poking out of Mr. Forsey’s shirt sleeve: a masterpiece of his own creation called the Quadruple Tourbillon Secret , in red gold, which took almost a year of man-hours to make.
Since the company began tracking him seven years ago, Mr. Johnson has maintained a Q score that’s consistently way above average, topping Tom Cruise, Mark Wahlberg and Arnold Schwarzenegger, the earlier paragon of musclebound crossovers.
Her husband completed his two-and-a-half-year sentence on a fraud conviction for the illegal spending.
But there is no objective death date for cities, because our criteria are so deeply personal.
Hospitals can be scary, noisy and confusing places for elders, especially those with dementia.
But detectives struggled to gather enough evidence to prove the case against the men they suspected of being behind the crime, even as they had an early lead in Mr. McKenzie: “forensic evidence” gathered inside the getaway car, said Stephen Davis, the top spokesman for the New York Police Department.
The bidding was very active, and the results of the sale more than satisfied the expectations of art experts.
This may be because the networks have finally thrown in the towel.
“We’ll just have to wait and see,” he said.
The tax was fiercely opposed by industry groups, which spent millions fighting it.
* Update , 6:43 p.m. | John Light at Grist has rounded up disturbing details about the allegations against Pachauri: The allegations have caused outrage in India, a country where women are increasingly speaking out against widespread misogyny.
After the initial blast of 1960s energy in “Color Me Barbra,” the show moves chronologically through TV history, jumping back into the black-and-white 1950s and early ’60s with “The Twilight Zone” and the pioneering comedy sketches of Ernie Kovacs.
Ms. Barrese, who works in sales for the publications Modern Magazine and Art in America , was able to transfer to her employer’s Manhattan office in the Flatiron district.
That seemed ridiculous to John F. Kennedy, who was trying to win hearts and minds in the Cold War, and it seemed even more so to his successor in 1965, as Johnson was escalating the war in Vietnam.
Of course much of my thinking is in images and, yes, every picture for me holds thousands of fairly arbitrary adjectives and adverbs.
She grew depressed and couldn’t eat; she said she lost 20 pounds.
Blackstone will have to pay about $160 million in transfer taxes.
“Clouds,” running some 70 minutes, unfolds in 19 sections exploring harmonic intervals in a sequence rising from minor second to major seventh.
At 8 p.m., Beacon Theater, 2124 Broadway, at 74th Street, 800-745-3000, beacontheatre.com.
The paragraph not only situates the reader firmly in an anguished moment but prefigures the trajectory of “The Green Road,” which charts the journeys of the Madigan children into the “wide world” as well as their return to Ardeevin and its impossible tart.
Here is a sampling of comments attached to The Daily News article on Ms. Mark-Viverito’s announcement of the City Council grant: “More tax money spent on illegals while citizens’ wages are undercut.
Zobrist’s decision on Tuesday to sign with the Cubs, for four years and $56 million, hurt the Mets, who badly wanted him.
He was the last human to touch the telescope, patting it as the shuttle Atlantis prepared to let it go again.
While many politicians have indeed climbed the greasy pole by breaching the people’s trust, doing so is neither necessary nor desirable.
Delta is making free upgrades to seats with more legroom more elusive for elites traveling with low-status companions.
He descended to his stateroom.
While guests purchase food, beers from microbreweries are on the house.
That’s exactly what Jacob Stulberg has done today, although I needed help seeing it.
The tsetse fly’s natural range stretches across Africa and through all the woodland and rain forest areas below the Sahara to roughly as far south as the Zambia-Zimbabwe border.
When Partners in Health entered the Ebola campaign last fall, it pledged to provide its patients with better care than what was being offered by other aid groups.
They ate Indian food and chatted for hours.
He added, “It’s cool that these young junior golfers are looking to us young guys on tour and working their tails off to get here.”
Elliot is a little like a computer-age version of Travis Bickle from “ Taxi Driver ,” a loner who is paranoid — even about his own sanity — and can barely speak to strangers or even friends.
“He lives in the pauses,” Mr. Attell said.
Speaking of questionable job fitness, a few months later, in a desperate search for a movie requiring zero thought, I saw “ Non-Stop .” Liam Neeson plays an air marshal who’s an alcoholic because ... his 8-year-old daughter died.
There the students will get chances to conduct, and to learn about the workings of a professional orchestra from its music director, JoAnn Falletta, who also attended Mannes.
March 15 at 1 p.m. $10 and $16.
“There is an opportunity to bring down head count.” She said the reported adjusted earnings of $1.04 a share had missed analysts’ consensus expectations of about $1.26.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., a close friend, described him as “the leading theorist and strategist of nonviolence in the world.”) Mr. Lawson was 17 when the bombs fell in Hiroshima and Nagasaki, a rising high school senior in Massillon, Ohio, and a member of the speech and debate team, whose question that year was, “Does the atomic bomb make mass armies obsolete?” Riding to Los Alamos with Father Dear, who has been nominated multiple times for the Nobel Peace Prize, Mr. Lawson said, “Today’s weapons of mass destruction are nothing but the evolution of our understanding of violence.” “What do you mean by that?” Father Dear asked.
Sandals Barbados replaces the all-inclusive competitor Couples Barbados.
The bride’s father retired as a photographer at Newsday, where her mother is an editorial assistant.
She has become the focus of the tournament.
The basic plotline: After introducing sculptural abstraction and space, he spent about 50 years counting the ways that the figure was far from finished.
“This is the right time for our two companies to move forward together, and Mylan and our board are firmly committed to making this combination a reality,” Mr. Coury said.
But Mr. Sareen, the integration minister, said such an approach would do nothing to “prevent scenes like we saw at the weekend” because young people were just as likely to get radicalized in jail or sitting at home watching videos on YouTube.
But instead, lawmakers voted on, and approved 236 to 189, another measure that would allow Congress up to six weeks to ponder ways to get the fast-track trade bill to President Obama’s desk before the August recess.
New York Live Arts, as its longtime visitors know, has changed.
Alejandro García Padilla, referring to the population of the island.
But in the end, he adds, Citigroup will benefit from losing the unit because the deal will give it a shot of income, free up capital and remove a distraction.
That study, also by Dr. Widman, found that teens who communicated with their parents about sex were more likely to communicate with their sexual partners and were more likely to be frequent condom users.
Even if the answer is yes, did he have reason to believe, as he claims, that he was acting with the tacit blessing of his superiors, regardless of the government’s position that it never sanctioned torture?
To date, it has raised $3.6 million from venture capital firms including IDG Ventures and Greylock Partners.
Now, the fashion world has come calling once again: He recently worked on the Paris showroom of Roger Vivier and redid several salons for the 2012 reopening of the Schiaparelli couture house on Place Vendôme, mixing in wildly colorful objects with art by Man Ray and Dali.
They bantered about the father’s work in real estate, and then Steinberg made a breezy but impressive pitch for himself.
The backlog of contracts in its big services business, which had declined in the third quarter, stabilized at $128 billion.
Fadel Gheit, a senior analyst at Oppenheimer & Company, compared the settlement to a 30-year mortgage, which can soften the financial blow, and he estimated that it was half of what the company could have faced.
It was around 2 p.m. Tuesday, several hours before the Yankees took the field against the Tampa Bay Rays, when an ominous sign emerged from the Yankees’ clubhouse.
The police have not determined a motive.
“Contrary to the idea that there is only one perfect waist-hip ratio which is universal, we saw some significant variation,” Ms. Bovet said.
But the second game, in March, was no contest: The Warriors pulled away in the third quarter on the way to a 107-84 victory.
Each Monday, our collaborator, Visual Thinking Strategies , will facilitate a discussion from 9 a.m. until 2 p.m. Eastern time by paraphrasing comments and linking to responses to help students’ understanding go deeper.
— Lincoln Chafee, in his opening statement.
No wonder I seem to do nothing for him.
Legend has it that Swiss mercenaries from the 15th century onward, dispersed throughout Europe to fight foreign wars, were hardy soldiers susceptible to few weaknesses.
The hip-hop habit is to wear the cap perfectly fresh and clean, as if it arrived on the head directly from the cash register, spotless except, perhaps, for the circle of the manufacturer’s label still stuck to it, alerting admirers that this is no counterfeit and that the cap is as new as the money that bought it.
The 2007 report, which shocked dentists and led to policy changes, used five years of data.
The pea can get stuck when blown too hard, or it can be affected by elements, including saliva.
In our second study, a stranger — a “busy professor” encountered en route to the experiment — was rude to participants by admonishing them for bothering her.
For example, residence 3A is a 2,932-square-foot four-bedroom listed at $6.85 million, or $2,336 a square foot.
“He really lets you offer what you have to offer and then puts you on the track he wants.” The solo flutist Emmanuel Pahud also emphasized Mr. Sellars’s deep connection to the musical score and ability to involve every individual on a personal level.
Other power companies elsewhere in Japan soon followed suit.
But back to Iraq: the crucial thing to understand is that the invasion wasn’t a mistake, it was a crime.
Tom Brady throwing during the first half of Super Bowl XLIX at University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Ariz. Brady won his fourth Super Bowl.
He dropped two passes, one on a fly pattern that almost certainly would have resulted in a touchdown on the Giants’ opening series.
“You may not be an admirer of the ‘style defined by power, impact and exuberant fruit flavors’ but some of us are,” she said.
They put aside differences, and in some cases that could mean their sexuality, to a become a melting pot of everyone’s higher self.
As Ta-Nehisi Coates wrote last year in The Atlantic , this policy meant that the federal government had endorsed a system of financial apartheid under which “whites looking to achieve the American dream could rely on a legitimate credit system backed by the government.
Mr. Obama, who has said little about the United States’ development of cyberweapons during his presidency, has begun to talk about it in recent days.
Soon, our ethnic groups would find themselves on the opposing sides of a bloody civil war.
(The rest is to be raised from other sources.)
Daily, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Mercy Center, 167 Neck Road.
For now, the party’s main enemies are international creditors and of course the Germans, who want the Greeks to present a plan of some sort to balance their books before doling out more cash — about $8 billion in fact — as part of an enormous bailout program.
Leaving out the fact that Rodriguez beat the drug tests, too, it spoke to a feeling among many younger players that the audacious cheating of Rodriguez — who summoned Tony Bosch to Detroit less than three years ago, so he could cheat during a playoff slump — has made him an outdated relic.
It’s this amazing thing — Oh God, it’s a castle!
The range of prices for any given colored diamond can vary wildly, corresponding not only to the rarity of their colors but also to the vividness of the color itself.
They don’t want to waste their leisure time.” At the Great Courses, there is a rigorous process to make sure that doesn’t happen.
The shareholder update came as the American tobacco giant Altria Group, which owns about 27 percent of SABMiller, said this week that it was willing to support the Anheuser-Busch InBev deal.
But Mr. Tsipras has had to soften his approach as he has worked for months to reach an agreement with the country’s three international creditors — the I.M.F., the European Commission and the European Central Bank — and unlock €7.2 billion in bailout funds that Greece needs to meet debt repayments over the summer and remain solvent.
“We’re not defying physics, but effectively, we are,” Mr. Smith said.
He is the son of the late Martha M. Traier and the late John M. Traier, who lived in Clifton.
“There’s nothing to do with the kids,” Ms. Rebollo said of the area, where she moved in February to escape rising rents in Bushwick, Brooklyn.
Back on our 16-seat motorboat, we entered a gorge of limestone cliffs.
Or muscle cells might make too many antibodies, because they do not have the built-in regulation that immune cells do.
gave top ratings to mortgage securities it knew were off in order to win business from banks that issued the securities.
Also, in at least one case a foreigner was able to buy a kidney.
As her most recent designee, I was allowed to act on her behalf.
Mr. Ottolenghi had been particularly mesmerized by an episode in which SpongeBob and the crew has trouble delivering a pizza.
Russell, 21, hurt himself racing to third for a triple, one base away from joining the Cubs’ home-run brigade.
Butler schools are teaming up with home-software companies to better train students, while home-staffing companies are increasingly recruiting from tech departments at big companies and hotel chains.
“This is a remarkable book,” he wrote, “but it is far from a completely successful one.
The figure, which will be included in Morgan Stanley’s final fourth-quarter results, will more than wipe out the $1 billion in quarterly profits that the firm had announced last month.
In the United States, the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index rose 1.5 percent on Thursday.
Sailors can switch to powerboats and leave the sail hauling behind.
The Smithsonian supplied $136,000 toward the cost.
The dispute was inflamed when a senior administration official told The New York Times on Wednesday that Ron Dermer, the Israeli ambassador, had repeatedly showed that he cared more about Mr. Netanyahu’s political future than the relationship between the United States and Israel.
“When I’m actually in that situation, and I initially feel the fear, I forget to photograph, because I’m trying to figure out how to stay alive.” No wonder Jennifer Lawrence wants to play her in Steven Spielberg’s movie adaptation.
President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia continues to adamantly oppose what he views as European encroachment into his sphere of influence.
The experts tend to be optimistic about robots’ ethical prospects.
The 1790s were a period of bitter political polarization, more severe than anything today.
On a frigid Brooklyn night, a deep-red facade on the corner of DeKalb Avenue and Adelphi Street in Fort Greene’s historic district glows invitingly.
It points the way to what could happen here.” Others in the industry are taking a more cautious view of the ruling’s implications.
But because there is now no way to be sure which will turn dangerous, they are treated anyway.
It starts with the titular police officer (Rashida Jones) going through her morning training ritual, which becomes more and more outrageous as the scene progresses.
She also resisted calls to postpone a visit to the United States, scheduled for Sunday, but finally bowed to popular pressure and canceled the trip.
The league’s executive secretary, Miss Rachelle Horowitz, said the league was fighting the Zulus’ case and hoped to break new legal ground with its arguments on their behalf.
The streets this weekend will be filled with people wearing items of clothing intended to terrify, repulse and otherwise freak out viewers.
We wanted our time alone with our reunited parents, who had a decent if imperfect marriage for 50 years.
“For us, it is important that you feel comfortable, that you do not feel ashamed if you come to the space and you see someone dressed up as a woman performing and screaming— don’t be scared.
From the moment we arrived, I was disoriented.
“The challenge is to be able to be responsible for this historical moment that happened on Saturday,” he said in an interview hours before the sit-in began.
Likewise, Richard Branson chose the name Virgin, and namers venerate him for it.
But Mr. Nelson’s efforts to sway legislators have been hindered by his damaged credibility.
She attended college in Japan and earned a Ph.D. in Japanese literature from Waseda University.
But his memo, obtained by BuzzFeed and confirmed by a company spokeswoman, appeared to be an attempt to dispel any notion that Mr. Lauren would no longer be in charge or cede the final decision-making power.
Several other shows also boasted excellent financial returns last week.
“I also love a traditional big Napa cab,” she says, “but it’s nice to have a variation.” With 3,000 miles separating Coppola’s New York City home from the winery in Sonoma, she relied on the winemaker Corey Beck’s expertise to create the blend.
The prophet Isaiah can guide us in this process of “learning to see”.
At an advance screening Thursday night, touchstone sights — those closet doors; that demented clown puppet — drew sighs and scattered applause when they first appeared.
“This isn’t weird or unusual,” Mr. Bartha says.
An official with the Propaganda Department visited the government studio in Tianjin and noticed the figurine of the little girl in a display cabinet.
Etan disappeared on the morning of May 25, 1979, as he walked two blocks from his apartment to a school bus stop near the bodega.
All the candidates would cut extensively, though most would add trillions to the debt.
“I think if you have a social club in London, I liken it to bull elephants hanging around a watering hole.
“It’s gonna still be the same,” promises Tondo of the popular passage restaurant.
“We’re committed to expediting an injurious determination.” (Her full statement is below.)
July 25, Josie Robertson Plaza (11 a.m.) and Damrosch Park (7 p.m.) ‘A CELEBRATION OF THE LIFE OF GEOFFREY HOLDER’ This dancer, choreographer and actor who died last year is honored on what would have been his 85th birthday.
Tim’s chief lament was for a purple crayon he’d accidentally dropped into a toilet when he was 6.
But the calculus changes when you start worrying about alienating advertisers, too.
In fact, we never saw a single inmate, since those in Cell Block B were moved elsewhere for the president’s tour and those in other buildings were kept out of sight.
At summer league, everyone is searching for something.
As we left one night, we couldn’t help but smile at a scene that captured the prevailing mood: a child perched at the counter between two adults, her legs swinging happily as she tackled a plateful of frites.
Why would anybody want to drink a wine like this?
In the memo, Mr. Cruz suggested words that his boss, the candidate, could use in a debate.
Volkswagen’s claim was that its diesels were as clean and powerful as gasoline-powered cars, but with far higher torque and better gas mileage.
There, the police operate with near impunity, outsiders are unwelcome and the very act of holding up a smartphone makes you a target.
That is what four straight years of short-lived tournament appearances will do.
The Germans struck with absolute surprise near the juncture between what Hitler thought were the more amateurish Americans and their British allies, creating the bulge in the American line that gave the campaign its durable nickname.
Among other causes, the existing monuments honor Confederate soldiers, fire fighters and the Little Rock Nine who integrated the city’s high school in 1957 with the force of federal troops.
In 29 states, employers can still legally fire a person for being gay.
Largely because of the abortion ban attached to American foreign aid, Nigerian women and girls raped and forcibly impregnated by Boko Haram militants will be denied lifesaving abortions.
NOAA said the improvements in its data set included the addition of a huge number of land measurements from around the world, as a result of improving international cooperation in sharing weather records.
Right now, Iran could be hiding nuclear facilities that we don’t know about, the U.S. and Israel.
Inspired by the Wynwood Walls of Miami, a street art project that has revitalized a once dreary neighborhood, Susan Bohlken, owner of the beachfront Zamas Hotel in Tulum, Mexico, invited several muralists to the area to literally paint the town last December.
announced that this fall’s Volt would start at $33,995, $1,175 less than its predecessor, or $26,495 after a $7,500 federal tax rebate.
For a decade, Harper remained in office through a mix of artful politics, successful economic management and falling crime rates — as well as inept opposition.
5:10 P.M. (Starz Cinema) BIUTIFUL (2010) An underworld figure (Javier Bardem, below) dealing in the black-market labor of illegal immigrants in Barcelona tries to put his affairs in order for his two children and mentally unstable ex-wife after receiving a terminal diagnosis.
The exchange, which the twins have financed themselves, is a risky bet, given that the virtual currency industry has been a target of hackers and has faced existential questions about its legitimacy.
The San Antonio Spurs, who have often found gems at the end of the first round when other teams seem to be guessing, took Nikola Milutinov with the No.
“Beach Music” is his first album for a large independent label (Domino), but it’s his seventh full-length collection since 2010 to appear on his Bandcamp website.
“It was a tough day,” he said.
He also graduated from the University of Texas, and received a master’s degree in mechanical engineering from the school.
Wednesdays through Fridays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; first Thursdays, 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art, 600 Main Street.
| Contact amie.tsang@nytimes.com Mitsui Sumitomo of Japan to Acquire British Insurer Amlin | The deal is the latest by a Japanese insurer seeking to expand its operations globally, as insurers seek growth opportunities outside their home market.
At the time, the attempted fraud drew some media coverage about the danger of such swindles.
The Mets won the first three games of the best-of-seven series, and with a win will advance to the World Series.
“To watch her fluent hands — at one point scraping at imaginary small objects in the imaginary dust, then stretching and smoothing as they fold a shirt into a battered suitcase — is to witness rare physical acting.” Ms. Cummings’s most famous work was a 1981 solo piece titled “Chicken Soup.” Performed originally by her and in later years by other female dancers, it was rooted in her childhood memories of her grandmother at work in the kitchen.
He has been received at the Bavarian garden of Countess Helen von Stein-Zeppelin.
“We were considered property, then we were considered partially human beings, then we had Jim Crow and now we are in the prison industrial complex.” Ms. Smith said.
As of last week, none of Ms. Ordovas’s sculptures were confirmed sales.
As in Mr. Salonen’s more recent compositions , you get the impression that he’s enjoying imagining what an orchestra can do.
And, as Jennifer Steinhauer reports today , some in the party are hoping to elevate Trey Gowdy to that position.
“We think we consistently have some of the best cheese in the world,” he said.
Many cards allow balance transfers of other types of debt — such as car loans and even mortgages — in addition to credit card debt.
Almost every time nutrition activists have tried to get cities to tax sugary soft drinks in order to reduce their consumption, the soft drink industry has beaten them back.
These are the funds known for working with management.
Swallow often finished Ms. Bley’s thoughts and left no doubt about his willingness to perform domestic duties, insisting that he was getting the better end of the deal, washing dishes while she was confronting the blank page in her upper-floor writing alcove.
(She also will perform that evening with a reduced version of the band, and the dancer Satoshi Haga, at the Rubin Museum of Art .)
Yet as bleak as things get, she refuses to retreat.
Mr. Carney asked Mr. Labrie if he had put his fingers, his tongue or his penis under the girl’s underwear at any point.
It is not always clear if a product or event is being used as entertainment or, say, corporate training.
The largely Quaker community harbored families in secret rooms in their homes, and some stayed.
Separate letters of opposition were sent by the Municipal Art Society, as well as chapters of the American Institute of Architects in each borough.
They were caught the next day.
NYT Sign up for the DealBook Newsletter , delivered every morning and afternoon.
He starts seeing a therapist, and a year later meets a woman named Steph on Craigslist.
North Carolina State Coach Mark Gottfried said that guard Anthony Barber, perhaps his best-known star, had become ill overnight and was weak and unable to eat throughout Friday.
2011: CAPITALS WIN, 4-1, IN THE FIRST ROUND The Rangers made the playoffs on the final day of the regular season , then had to face the top-seeded Capitals.
The more I experienced, the more I felt empowered to accept myself as a Chinese-American.
The arrangement made perfect sense.
As housing costs here continue to escalate, with growing numbers of people moving farther afield in search of affordability, the disjointed nature of the region’s transportation fiefs, each with its own fare structures and nomenclature, has become the topic of increasingly intense debate among transportation policy experts.
Wrap up by talking about the other kinds of organisms — not just animals, but also bacteria, fungi and archaea — that researchers have found in our homes and on our bodies, once they started to look for them.
I remain very glad and grateful for all this — yet none of it hits me as did that night sky full of stars.
But as officers prepared to conduct the land search early Sunday, Detective John Mortimer, a veteran police diver, found the gun in the river about 40 feet from the Manhattan shoreline and at a depth of 20 feet, Chief Aubry said, speaking to reporters steps from the pedestrian overpass at 120th Street where the police said Officer Holder and his partner confronted Mr. Howard.
And if better numbers do emerge, we will focus on them.
HOW did the auto industry celebrate in 2014?
The last two rounds of the Spanish league schedule, along with the Copa del Rey final on May 30, fall after the start of the federation’s “indefinite strike.”
But after an article is published, the authorities or ordinary people might get upset or claim that our stories contain lies or, worse, are part of a campaign by the enemy to achieve this goal or that objective.
“It has been pressure, pressure, for more than a day now,” said Rafy, 36, a high school geography teacher from Swiada, Syria, who watched the rock throwing from a safe distance.
She agreed, though she was “petrified,” she told me recently.
All of this is presented by a well-intentioned staff that can sometimes err with too much or too little attention.
One recent study found that about two dozen firms played leading roles in 10 or more major lawsuits.
After Miami Beach finally listened to preservationists, beefed up its codes — like requiring owners to paint — and aggressively enforced the rules, the big investors began to flock.
Full reviews of recent dance performances: nytimes.com/dance.
In a smaller hole nearby was an electrical power generator that operated its lights, an air compressor and a sump pump.
“Reusability is the critical breakthrough needed in rocketry to take things to the next level,” Mr. Musk said in October during a talk at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Auriemma’s winning percentage, .8704, is the best in the history of the women’s game.
He would pay for his own plan by lowering the cost of Medicaid, largely by turning it into a block grant to states, and by ending the tax deduction for costly employer-provided plans.
Or is the conflation of 9/11 with Hosaam’s ­violence a deliberate act of misdirection by Hassib?
Westchester Italian Cultural Center, 1 Generoso Pope Place.
Post a comment, email us at nytoday@nytimes.com , or reach us via Twitter using #NYToday .
(Albers argued, for instance, that colors must be experienced interacting with one another to be understood.)
Steven Boyer gives a bravura performance as the troubled teenager with the evil imp on his arm, and Geneva Carr is moving as his addled, newly widowed mother.
Nov. 3 at 6:30 p.m. $15.
In addition to penicillin skin testing, we also offer drug desensitization, a procedure that allows us to safely introduce a medication that has caused an allergy in the past but that is now deemed medically necessary.
“Or an artist!” Shackleton soon sweeps Kat along into the Antarctic wastelands as the explorer and his crew travel across glaciers, mountains and churning seas with the nearly impossible hope of finding rescue.
It’s what we often call the en-suite suite.
EAST HAMPTON Haute Hippie East Hampton “Summertime Salon,” group show.
I was in a good place.” Eventually, he got up the nerve to ask to see her.
With time running short for Greece to meet a deadline to stay in the eurozone, a small but influential circle of debt experts are putting forward a provocative plan to persuade foreign investors to lend Greece the money it needs to survive.
Learn about it here: Novak Djokovic routed Marin Cilic, 6-0, 6-1, 6-2, to advance to his sixth U.S. Open final.
It was not the first time tragedy had struck Oklahoma State.
I hope the music emphasizes the emotion, and the joy of breaking the code, and also the sadness and the tragedy.” Mr. Desplat first ventured into music at the age of 5, playing the piano until he picked up the flute at 9.
Another advantage poor teams have late in the season is that their superior opponents, locked into playoff spots, may rest starters or not play with midseason sharpness.
A brigade of Iraqi counterterrorism forces, trained by United States Special Operations forces, will also be involved.
But even before the TPG group acquired control of DTZ last year, it had already set its sights on combining that firm with Cushman & Wakefield, according to a person briefed on the matter.
It seemed like the type of play that might warrant a closer look from the league.
“The idea is to tell a more integrated history of New York State,” said Mark Schaming, the museum’s director, in a telephone interview, “about the land and the people and the culture.” The renovation will allow for shows that link to the museum’s ongoing exhibitions, such as the World Trade Center exhibition, the Cohoes Mastodon and Native Peoples of New York.
“These are little shields against the temptations and fallibilities of being human,” Ms. Schüll said when I visited her recently to discuss her research on digital self-monitoring and self-modification devices.
REUTERS Jana Partners Takes Aim at Computer Sciences | The activist hedge fund Jana Partners has disclosed a 5.9 percent stake in the Computer Sciences Corporation and said it would continue talks with the big technology company about strategic alternatives and board composition, Reuters reports.
Not that long ago, we might have spent the time gathered around watching “Elf,” but this year, we were brought together by the here and now, the familiar, the intimate and personal.
His putt rolled up but was always going wide.
She laughed when she saw the time.
And then as the two largest economies in the world, I think we can lead an effort to develop international norms that govern cyberactivity.” But he emphasized that America’s main concern was the theft of intellectual property that is used by an adversary for commercial purposes.
Eventually, to paraphrase Sigmund Freud, she found herself wondering, what does a man want, as well as the related question, what does a man need to know?
“John F. Simon, Jr.: The Ever Present Sun.” Through Aug. 16.
The infectious disease doctors didn’t think it was an infection.
It helped that he was able to hit the ball farther and straighter than almost everyone else in the field.
An interactive page compiled by the International Shark Attack File shows other relative risks, such as being bitten by an animal in New York City.
Grievance born of secular sins — discrimination by the liberal democratic state — preceded his Islamist ideology, not the other way around.
It was this, or that, and one miscue after the next for the first quarter and a half for the Jets, not the exuberant homecoming the team was expecting after an off-season that was hailed by pundits as one that had reshaped the franchise’s future.
If it works, more could follow.
While Saudi Arabia says some documents were fabricated, many contain correct names and phone numbers, and a number of individuals and associations named in them verified their contents when reached by reporters from The New York Times.
“Brent has provided critical leadership to take Uber to the next level as we matured as a company,” Travis Kalanick, Uber’s chief executive, said in the memo.
“Teaching is more than just knowing stuff,” protested Tony Evers, the state superintendent of public instruction.
I still remember my first class, in first grade.
Are the same benefits seen with tea?
“We’re crazy,” he cheerily explained.
While other investment firms have created growth funds of their own, TPG has one committee oversee all of the firm’s investments.
It has been sitting on that shelf for two years.
Attackers resort to tactics like this when they are left with no other options.” Meanwhile, the Reuters news agency reported that its website was inaccessible in China on Friday .
The Young Lords in New York.” In the courtyard, Alicia Grullón will perform her interactive “Pick It!,” which invites audience members to protest issues of their choosing.
The series caused quite an uproar at the time because of its subject matter and graphic language, but it was a hit nonetheless and spawned an American version in 2000.
The police, in statements after the attacks, spoke of conducting fraught negotiations with the two terrorists who remained at the end.
As the Iranians have entered a partnership of convenience with Russia to bolster President Bashar al-Assad of Syria, the Saudis have responded by giving more sophisticated weapons to their Sunni brethren among the rebels seeking to overthrow him, including antitank missiles that can pierce Russian-provided armor.
“We’re disappointed about the recent results,” Greenlight said in a note on Monday, adding that it had pared back its positions.
The request — or query — by the hackers appears so far to have been for financial information only.
But as she learned serving out her term: “Prison is the easiest part.
KATONAH Katonah Museum of Art Artist Talk with Chris Larson.
After failing to make an impact as a consultant to the Kennedy administration — he didn’t like the men or the methods, and they didn’t see him fitting the Camelot image — he went to work for Gov.
In many cases, the roles are changing faster than the titles can even reflect.
NORTHPORT Northport Public Library Canta Libre Chamber Ensemble.
He was held in administrative detention, a contentious practice in Israel, in which a person is held indefinitely without public charges.
What do you want to know about the company?
There have been exchanges of fire across the line and occasional bomb attacks on Israeli military patrols.
The swimmer, Tate Ramsden, 21, of Nashville, could not be revived by emergency medical personnel, the report said.
At 8:30 and 11 p.m., Birdland, 315 West 44th Street, Clinton, 212-581-3080, birdlandjazz.com.
In 1999, a federal judge ruled that Microsoft had abused its operating system monopoly by pushing users into some of its other products, especially its web browser, Internet Explorer.
The society now recommends that no clinical breast exams — where physicians or nurses feel for lumps — be done as a screening procedure at any age.
To the Editor: There is something more fundamental than empathy that’s missing from our national dialogue.
“I think it was better than those two games,” Tanaka said of his crisp two innings of work.
In general, there is an accepted legal distinction between “prisoners” (those who are serving sentences after having been duly convicted) and “detainees” (those who have not yet been charged with a crime, but are being held prior to a possible trial), so it is technically correct to refer to the men at Guantánamo as detainees.
Grab a humble seaside breakfast of simit (sesame-coated bread roll) and tea before hopping a taxi or dolmus (minibus) to Bagdat Caddesi, the Asian side’s answer to the Champs-Élysées, with upscale boutiques and sidewalk cafes.
An island whose residents shrug off celebrities who regularly come here finally seems to feel that way about Mr. Obama, too.
The British philosopher Elizabeth Anscombe was a moral absolutist but she appreciated that absolute prohibitions have to take account of whether intended victims are innocent or non-innocent.
He said he was repeatedly harassed by guards, placed into solitary confinement on false charges and had a homemade weapon planted in his bunk.
Streets around the White House were reopened, a spokesman said.
The Musical’ A bawdy parody of the harebrained sitcom “Saved by the Bell” (2:00).
“He has no understanding of what happened to him.” Mr. Amrani added that his client had no knowledge that others in the house were planning an attack.
This lady on Fox Lane lives alone, and she feeds everything.
“That was sort of an ‘aha’ moment,” Blum said.
Jerrome Jones, a junior forward, keyed Lehman in the first half, burying a 3-pointer as Lehman extended an early lead.
He cited the example of Uber, the ride-hailing service that despite its German-sounding name is a thoroughly American upstart.
Once Backman had watched Verrett squirm enough, he told him he wouldn’t be able to sit in the bullpen anymore — because the Mets had promoted him to the big leagues.
She finished 27th in the standings in her rookie season in 2013 and 28th last season.
We eat here as often as possible, and I have my Tavern-on-the-Green-style white lights on the trees all year long.” Tavern on the Green , the restaurant in Central Park, is a touchstone for their family, which includes Mr. Lane’s daughters from his first marriage, Eliana, 29, and Harlyn, 24, and the couple’s daughter, Leah, 17, and twin sons, Lenny and Frankie, 8.
Abductions have occurred regularly for decades in Yemen, often carried out by tribes as a way of winning concessions from the government during political turmoil.
Leaders of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority and the Port Authority later issued a joint statement praising Mr. Cuomo’s idea.
Rather than having a company sell two product lines, management can be more transparent and focus on the line they are better at.
I try to catch myself.
Stir well, then add the chunks of bread and leave it for 5 minutes on calm heat.
My father ended up in the Northwest.
“We’re legal.” Outside Ukraine this town is known, if at all, as the spot where, NATO analysts say, pro-Russian rebels launched an antiaircraft rocket that brought down a Malaysia Airlines passenger jet last summer.
Canadians on the whole developed a less violent culture.
“I told my daughter to go for her dream,” she said, explaining that she wanted her “to have her financial legs.” Ms. Illiano’s financial leg up for her daughter, however, has a downside.
‘‘They wanted an additional two million babies.
Add the browned lamb and return to a simmer.
The drinks menu will emphasize French, organic and natural wines, and wine-based cocktails.
Smith has delved deeply into Cossa’s shadowy life and enigmatic work.
The revived plan to build new rail tunnels under the Hudson River appeared to gain momentum on Tuesday, as the federal transportation secretary, Anthony Foxx, and New Jersey officials agreed at a meeting to work together to move forward on it.
Krzyzewski told Taylor and his teammates to slap the court.
Ms. Rice said the program had been slow to get off the ground but was now “building up strength and capacity,” adding, “This is going to take time.” But as much as the policy issues will present challenges for the traveling president, so will the emotional and symbolic ones.
He recalls his first visit to the elementary school in 1993.
“The story actually started with a terrible moment a dozen years back during the invasion of Iraq when the helicopter we were traveling in was forced down after being hit by an R.P.G.,” Mr. Williams said, introducing the segment, referring to a rocket-propelled grenade.
He went on to lead the House Budget Committee and led a successful effort to balance the federal budget when Bill Clinton was president — an achievement he is seeking to spotlight in his campaign.
And then there is the extraordinary expense of marrying in many parts of the country; an unexpected deployment can keep a couple from saving money for their big day.
It will have funding for public art and only environmentally responsible hotels; naturally, the cafes will provide almond milk without your having to ask for it.
“It’s a crucial company in a crucial space,” Mr. Frantz said.
To get there I rode a motorcycle east of Kathmandu to the town of Bhimeshwor, where a police officer agreed to show me the way up a dirt road in exchange for a ride to his post.
One is for a ham condiment that we’re eager to try over Christmas, which we learned about from the amazing Julia Reed in an article she wrote for the December issue of Southern Living .
The country’s rapid growth during that century — the rise of industry, the development of technology, the dawn of a vast middle class — would be hard to explain without acknowledging the spread of education as a cause.
“I think he felt the walls closing in and realized that it was best to turn himself in,” Mr. Armstrong said.
Still, few suggest Goodell’s job is in jeopardy, however queasy owners may be about his tactics.
From his words and war diary, I wrote this description: “Intestines of gutted animals ballooned from their carcasses.
“The first time we started doing cloud supercomputing it was drug discovery, then financial services, then materials science.
One of Mr. Menendez’s lawyers, Abbe D. Lowell, did so in a meeting last month, after which Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. gave prosecutors the go-ahead to proceed with a criminal case against the senator.
“They are not deployed in a combat role and will not deploy outside the camp,” the statement said.
It takes time to realize what is different when you’re first in a new environment.
— Martin O'Malley (@MartinOMalley) June 26, 2015 Leaders of faiths that do not accept same-sex marriage said they see multiple battles on many fronts over the definition and boundaries of “religious freedom” in the years ahead.
The academy, one of several recently established or taking root in major league cities, is an important step for baseball as it confronts its most serious decline in youth participation in decades, particularly among African-Americans.
In this usually security-sensitive city, the police were sometimes curious, but he was not harassed, he said.
The photographer Joseph Swide, 27, chronicled the Dutchmen’s 10-4 season, shooting practices, halftime pep talks and crunching hits on the turf.
“I kept saying, ‘I think he’s transitioning.’ He was taking all the actions I took.
It seemed improbable,” Hamilton Clancy, the company’s artistic director, said in a phone interview.
But what could West retain?
Mr. Gordon is survived by his wife, who will take over his role at the company; their four daughters, Virginia L. Gordon, Wendy J. Gordon, Lisa J. Gordon and Karen Gordon Mills, who served as administrator of the Small Business Administration in the Obama administration; and six grandchildren.
The postgame scene confirmed it was not.
“He has turned out to be a dramatically different president than we all expected.” On Monday, Mr. Joko welcomed a group of high school students to the presidential palace and took a minute to warn them about drugs.
“You want the guy who has the experience in these types of games.” That experience, Girardi added, “allows them to command the baseball better.” “They don’t get caught up in the moment,” he said.
The bout was stopped in the third round , saving Brazeau the indignity of hitting the canvas.
More significant, amid fears that Islamists are coming back to Europe, she found that plots were twice as likely to succeed when the perpetrators had spent time on jihadist battlefields.
To Mr. Estevez-Miller and many other students here, that is not nearly enough.
“A lot of times part of it is mental.”
What do I say?” Mr. Nisman’s 289-page criminal complaint, released after his death last week, is based largely on intercepted calls and text messages believed to have been obtained by intelligence agents.
They threw exquisite scoring touchdown passes.
Rafael Nadal has taken a two set lead on Fabio Fognini, 6-3, 6-4.
• The president’s new campaign.
In 2013, Mr. Sivere tells me, he filed an internal report at Barclays that questioned the ethics and legality of what he had witnessed.
“We ran into an old lady, like 80 years old,” he said.
Calling the battle with Islamist extremism “the struggle of our generation,” Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain on Monday asserted that British values were to be shared by everyone living there and promised that the government would no longer “turn a blind eye on the basis of cultural sensitivities.” Speaking in Birmingham, Britain’s second-largest city, which has a substantial Muslim minority population, Mr. Cameron called on his country’s Muslims to work with the government to “condemn conspiracy theories,” reject violence and speak more forcefully “to challenge and defeat” the extremist misinterpretation of Islam, which he called “a religion of peace.” While extremists “self-identify” with Islam, Mr. Cameron said, “we need to challenge them and need the help of Muslim scholars to help defeat them, and Muslim communities and scholars to say they’re wrong.” Downing Street billed the speech as one of Mr. Cameron’s most important, laying out a “counter-extremist strategy for the next five years,” and began providing excerpts to the British news media on Friday.
Many tend to be clunky, and the maps they contain are often outdated.
The kitchen staff has been here for over a decade, providing continuity amid the changes.
July 11 at 8 p.m. Free.
The last five months have not been kind to Sheldon Silver .
A lawyer in Minneapolis, Charles S. Zimmerman, is calling for the case to be heard in Detroit because it is the “Motor City.” A San Diego lawyer, Benjamin Galdston, says it should be heard near Los Angeles because many Volkswagen lawsuits have been filed there.
We now flick through images not of celebrity couples but of celebrity friends: Beyoncé and Nicki Minaj eating hamburgers in matching varsity jackets; Taylor Swift with Karlie Kloss, Lorde, Selena Gomez, Ellie Goulding, Lena Dunham, her cat Olivia, the entire runway lineup of a Victoria’s Secret show; the U.S. women’s soccer team.
“We had become a group scheduling company, not a group dating service.” Their ability to focus on compatibility was being compromised by their need to find enough people to fill dates.
It includes daily breakfast and transfers to the event site, featuring food, fireworks, concerts and race viewing.
For updates throughout the day, like us on Facebook .
“I have made a lot of money,” she declares with no coyness.
It will be the first trial on sexual abuse charges held under new rules for criminal procedures put in place by Pope Francis.
April 5, 6 and 7.
That is a serious charge, and the Mets reject it.
Most likely, you will read a clue like that and think to yourself, “Does anyone really do that?” And the answer would be no.
We wanted to do anything we could to make sure the building is blue and fans inside are Lightning fans.” This is the first postseason in which Tampa Bay has instituted the apparel ban in the club areas, after grumbling from some season-ticket holders that too many fans of other franchises, many wearing their team’s jerseys and hats, had found their way into the exclusive areas.
When she reports for flight school in Pensacola, Fla., in the fall, and undergoes a medical exam, the officer may be forced to explain why she has been on hormone replacement therapy for more than a year.
While others among its mega ships have geysers and fountains, the next-generation water park will feature drench buckets, water cannons and slides, including what it says is the tallest slide at sea, the 100-foot Ultimate Abyss.
In effect, she and Mr. Biden competed for Mr. Obama’s foreign policy.
Yeah, there are certain parts that it’s really hard to say.
Let there be no mistake: The New York Civil Liberties Union does not oppose private schools.
When you reach this kind of stature, there are lots of echoes.
McDavid or Eichel belongs in a hockey town like Buffalo, not in a sweltering limbo with an ambivalent fan base.
According to the police, he pushed an officer and ran away, heading north on Frederick Douglass Boulevard near West 134th Street.
Days of negotiations in Switzerland to halt the war in Yemen ended on Sunday with no sign of a resolution to the conflict and with the combatants engaged in some of their fiercest fighting in months, according to negotiators and diplomats.
Even Mr. Obama’s national security adviser, Susan E. Rice, indicated at a briefing last week that the result of the election was not credible.
It was a typical Olympic result — which is to say it was debatable, if not suspicious — but after a few moments in the ring, the boxers went back to the locker rooms and were ushered to doping control.
My children are bicultural and bilingual.” Mr. Bush is not a stranger to the island, as he reminded the crowd at the university, which included a few students but seemed mainly to be made up of supporters of the former governor, Luis Fortuño, a Republican.
“I’m proud of who I am,” she said, “and I’m proud of Baltimore.”
“We cannot have our cake and eat it.” Supporters of the pro-democracy movement said Mr. Leung showed no appetite for changes that would hurt the city’s wealthiest.
﻿Dior Eye Reviver Illuminating Neutrals Eye Palette, $62, dior.com .
They probably would’ve killed me anyway.
Daily reminders include the rows of downtown shops that once sold luxury clothing brands but now stand empty.
Under the surface, there is a streak of gentleness that revealed itself in an appealing, little-known ballad, “Stay Five,” by Michael Shaieb and Stephen Tomac.
“Yeah,” Mr. Hastert told the agents, according to the indictment.
Usually the sums are less startling, but still substantial.
JOHN BACON NEW YORK ◆ Go Poly!
“For example, if it’s Randy Smith and I — he was my backcourt teammate — we’d switch a lot on screens.
Leading off was Ms. Hultman, a veteran of the Trisha Brown Dance Company, in “Untitled 3: Indulgent Dance 1,” in which she paid homage to Ms. Brown and to her own devotion to dance.
One day, having lunch with my brother, my daughter reached out to take a piece of bread before the meal.
The repair involves putting a trailer hitch — a device designed for towing, not crash protection — on the back of the vehicle in an attempt to protect the gas tank.
In 2005, a court-ordered environmental impact statement concluded that 30 years of astronomy had had an adverse effect on nature and culture on the mountain.
Mainly, these illnesses give the pathologist a smidgen of depth — he’s attuned to death because he appreciates life so much — as do his lovingly sparring co-worker and sister, Pippy (Gabrielle Dennis), and his overprotective mother (Lorraine Toussaint, “Orange Is the New Black”), who would like him to settle down.
The quarterback, Evan Murray of Warren Hills Regional High School, was injured in a game against Summit High School on Friday night.
“In addition to their commitment to a seamless and safe convention, Philadelphia’s deep-rooted place in American history provides a perfect setting for this special gathering,” Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee, who had caressed the Liberty Bell, said in her announcement.
Plus 600 was a cold top.
Reading thousands of diaries and letters written by ordinary Americans in the days and weeks after Lincoln’s death, she finds little evidence of national unity in the face of tragedy; instead, she finds shock, jubilation, confusion and, above all, disagreement.
He missed it by a split second, though, and instead the Mitsubishi exploded just as the fourth vehicle began to pass.
Few things are scarier than born-again Christians turned into demons by heavy-metal music and attacked with their own giant sex toys.
Starting Over: When is a debut not a debut?
Despite high projected budget deficits, Mr. Kasich says he can cut the top personal income tax rate to 28 percent from 39.6 percent, the top capital gains tax rate to 15 percent from 23.8 percent, and the corporate income tax rate to 25 percent from 35 percent — and still balance the budget in eight years.
No point in trying to change her mind.
The states that currently rely on federally operated exchanges could set up their own, but many — egged on by the challengers — have already refused to do that.
I felt better as the game went along.” He added, “Take away that first period, I felt pretty solid.” In that period, it was the playoff-chasing Bruins — and not the Eastern Conference-leading Rangers — who looked like the team that had amassed 101 points and clinched a playoff position.
You can find the latest New York Today at nytoday.com .
No!” Saudi Arabia is not alone in seeing Dr. Naik as a vital spokesman for Islam.
“They try, they fail, they learn, they try again,” said one French official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
There are various ways this might happen.
To the west, the Penn Quarter district has breathed new life into a formerly dormant downtown.
Serena Williams started slowly and couldn’t find a rhythm on her serve for about a set and a half, but when it mattered most, she played her best.
She has cast shows for Miu Miu, Balenciaga and Tommy Hilfiger; chosen models for print ads for Calvin Klein, Harry Winston, Chloé and Armani, along with campaigns for more mass brands like H&M, Gap and Zara.
Rodriguez is also closing in on 3,000 hits — he now has 2,956 — but because there is no disputed bonus tied to that achievement, the Yankees will presumably have no problem publicizing that pursuit as it heats up.
“ “This is what most people mean by a growing watch industry,” he said.
Steelers (2-2) at Chargers (2-2) 8:25 p.m., ESPN Line: Chargers by 3 ½ Each year, it seems, people write off San Diego quarterback Philip Rivers, saying that this will be the year he begins to fall off, and each year he and his odd shot-put throwing motion prove his doubters wrong.
She suggests one essential white female privilege denied black women — “the privilege of freely yielding to depression, of flaunting neurosis as a mark of social and psychic complexity.” This privilege was “glorified in the literature of white female suffering and resistance,” but black women were denied “by our history of duty, obligation and discipline.” Ms. Jefferson will not be denied.
I think this is only the second time I’ve had to do a major overhaul after provisional acceptance.
“I don’t think I was ever so convinced that it was a possibility for me,” Johnston said.
RED BANK First Presbyterian Church “Heritage,” Kinnara Ensemble, world folk music.
Follow Vanessa Piao on Twitter at @VanessaPiao .
For Mr. Coleman, it appeared to suffice as the “Thingness” itself, to borrow a word from his own program notes.
Another curator, Lena Fritsch, examines six photographic portraits of Martin, including those by Diane Arbus and Annie Leibovitz.
• A news analysis article on Wednesday about American officials’ rethinking crime control and incarceration in light of a declining crime rate misidentified, in some editions, the university where Daniel S. Nagin, who discussed law enforcement issues, is a criminologist.
No, they hadn’t watched the race.
Jewish extremists are suspected in the July 31 firebombing, which was described as a terrorist attack by both Israeli and Palestinian politicians.
Now, he is likely to build a right-wing coalition of 67 of the 120 members of the Knesset, Israel’s Parliament.
President Obama, who tried but failed to enact climate change legislation in the Democratic-majority Congress, is now using his executive authority to enact regulations designed to slash planet-warming carbon pollution from cars and coal-fired power plants.
The showers I used during a two-night stay were spotless (always a wild card in a hostel stay).
Catalan separatist parties won a majority of the seats in regional parliamentary elections on Sunday that they had billed as a plebiscite on secession from Spain.
White evangelical Protestants and black Protestants are separate groups, as are white Catholics and Hispanic Catholics.
“Where is my aunt?” Kaanchi asked when she woke up.
He also has to be very skilled in cross-examining the state’s witnesses.
In late 2012, after another Israeli offensive in Gaza, the Foreign Ministry in Jerusalem encouraged its followers on social networks to share another animation , produced by the Israeli advertising firm Srutonim, or Scratch.
About 75 percent of the buildings in the capital, Kathmandu, were destroyed or are unsafe.
Two of his sons are signed to the label — Jamal (Jussie Smollett), a gay singer-songwriter, and Hakeem (Bryshere Y.
••• Shortly after defusing the situation, Mr. Peters returned to his live stream and tearfully rebuked the culprit, whom he assumed was among his audience.
It was a question of dignity.
He’s part therapist and part style guide.
The most prevalent strategy involves looking for patterns in card purchases, but some banks have even taken to buying stolen cards on the black market to identify breaches, security experts say.
As of last count by Amnesty International, how many Syrian refugees have the Gulf States and Saudi Arabia taken in?
It is the very efficiency of digital markets that drives this inevitable downward spiral.
These patients should just be considered … old, the researchers say, with lower kidney function normal for their ages.
He was definitely for strong, robust central democracy, and he definitely created our financial system.
“And we must do more to address the epidemic of gun violence that is plaguing our country.” Mrs. Clinton has met with the mothers and families of several black Americans killed by white police officers or by gun violence, including Mr. Brown, Mr. Martin, Tamir Rice and others.
But most teenagers have experienced that for one reason or another.” While some musicians feel more comfortable waiting before publicly performing certain repertoire, others feel no such qualms.
Today some 350 million people are involved in growing, transporting, weaving, stitching or otherwise processing the fibers of this plant.
Mr. Bush created an illegal detention network for terror suspects that led to the creation of a prison structure that applies only to Muslims and violates most of our democratic values.
The changes are aimed, in part, at reducing the number of warrants.
In texts released by investigators, Lieutenant Gliniewicz wrote to two unidentified people about his conflicts with a new city administrator.
“What most people don’t understand is that most of these high-yielding assets — M.L.P.s, REITs, high-yielding debt — are correlated much more closely to the equity markets than are traditional bonds,” Mr. Kinniry said.
With a 4-0 lead, Tanaka walked the first batter he faced.
That started a four-year, two-month sprint to design, build and test the spacecraft and get it to the launching pad — but almost immediately there was an obstacle.
“I’ll give him a medal for each thug he sent to hell,” said André Puccinelli, the governor of the state of Mato Grosso do Sul, while commending an off-duty police officer who killed two armed men trying to rob a store.
Soon is employed by the Smithsonian Institution, which jointly sponsors the astrophysics center with Harvard.
Although such mistakes have accounted for an ever smaller fraction of civilian deaths in the war, each one has taken on magnified significance in the eyes of many Afghans because it is the fault of a foreign power.
... AND FROM SHERATON AND SHOWTIME - Sheraton Hotels & Resorts and the television network Showtime have teamed up for a series of city guides based on locations where Showtime’s popular series take place.
...Without that imagination, we’ll never change.”
Sotheby’s catalog was far more valuable than Christie’s, containing six lots estimated at more than £10 million while Christie’s had none.
The event, part of the Mostly Mozart festival and streamed live , had the affable feel of an informal salon, enlivened by Mr. Ax’s genial commentary.
Sitting beside Chase, then 19, and his father, Ned, on the subway to Forest Hills was Roy Emerson, the Australian champion, dressed in white shirt and shorts and carrying a tennis bag.
In the early 1990s, government antismoking programs focused almost exclusively on youth.
Prices for some used cars have come down slightly, according to the most recent Used Vehicle Market Report from the automotive site Edmunds.com : Prices for compact and midsize cars that are five years old or less fell about 2 percent from a year ago.
Mr. Sullivan would then send the memos along to other senior State Department officials, asking for their feedback.
I remember when I was 13, and we were putting on a Christmas show at school.
“Bessie” shows us an assortment of moments from that life but doesn’t really make us feel it, despite Queen Latifah’s best efforts.
“Have you ever had a brainstorming session yourself?” one of the young inventors asked the president.
Aides to Mr. Bush described them as geared toward policy makers and legislators in the states, but emphasized that the classes represented a small part of the foundation’s work.
Durante un par de años, vivió bajo un puente vial en San Salvador con su novia, Beatriz, y los dos hijos de ella, robando dinero para comprar crack y heroína, y hurgando en la basura en busca de comida.
Mondays through Saturday, 11 a. m. to 3 p.m. Southampton Cultural Center, 25 Pond Lane.
The elder Mr. Paul aroused not just young voters’ support but also their passion by pushing for marijuana legalization, opposing the war on drugs and the war on terror, and even tapping into various conspiracy theories of the right.
You find a Democrat that’s for cutting taxes, cutting spending $10, I’ll give ’em a warm kiss.
The Times’ John Branch was following her journey through its unexpected finish.
He was complaining of tenderness, and immediately alarm bells must have sounded in and around the organization.
These potatoes were simply sautéed in butter to a crisp exterior and served with an escarole salad dressed with mustard, vinegar and peanut oil scented with garlic.
It’s not alternate history or time travel.
And being out there in the fight tells you how good you really are and if your ideas are as good as you think.
On our show, the men are the doings who influence females, but the females are the ones with complex, deep lives.
The Nasdaq stock market went down for three hours in 2013 because of a software bug.
European competition authorities fined the British financial firm ICAP about 14.9 million euros, or $17 million, on Wednesday, saying the firm had breached antitrust laws by facilitating attempts by several banks to rig a benchmark interest rate.
She said she didn’t want to move too quickly.
(She mentioned in a recent interview that her next album might be a return to these sorts of songs.)
Slaughter – she describes it as triggering a “blind fury” – were the judgmental and patronizing reactions she confronted on her departure from Washington.
Officer Slager has been charged with murder .
It will spur banks and investment funds to shift their loan and stock portfolios from coal and oil to the growing industries of renewable energy like wind and solar.
Two other lawyers said Mr. Howell had also led the questioning of their clients that year.
I’ve got all of “Ready to Die” and “Life After Death” committed to memory, and I suspect Miranda does, too.
Unable to secure more bailout money, Tsipras called a surprise national referendum, asking Greek voters to decide on the latest offer from creditors.
With the 17.1 million shares it already holds, BGC owns 56.3 percent of GFI’s outstanding shares.
If there’s any Microsoft Store that can pack them in, it will be the Fifth Avenue location.
Some plans continued to leave some costs uncovered, a pattern that the Obama administration has warned against .
To do it all yourself is like taking on another job, said Jennifer Maroney, whose Bronx home caught fire three years ago.
The Mets’ bullpen threw seven scoreless innings, and Bobby Parnell picked up his first victory since June 16, 2013.
“I stayed at the Red Lion Inn and walked to the theater every night.
Brilliant and hilarious and surprisingly, shockingly at times, intimate.
Even in the shadowy world of art forgery, Mark Landis seemed an aberration.
But, as he cautioned Thursday, it is not going to happen overnight.
Populating the hour are various trans women who talk about the trials of dating while trans.
The items will be housed at the stadium’s Terrace Club.
Departures take place in December 2016 and start at $8,995 a person.
Beltran made the requisite adjustment, choking up on the bat, during his at-bat Friday.
The word from his office, per Vanessa Friedman: “1) Mr. Ford is not showing in London this season, but that doesn’t mean he has given up on showing in the city, he will be back; 2) he’s not going to have a traditional show, but he’s going to do something; and 3) they’ll release details soon.” Meadham Kirchhoff no more The designer Edward Meadham discussed the brand’s “definite closure” with i-D .
Mr. Sanders, who is seeking the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination, stiffened a little when Mr. Meyers brought up the essay and noted that Mr. Sanders had already disavowed it as satire and “a bad ‘50 Shades of Grey.’” But then Mr. Sanders chuckled as Mr. Meyers teased him for not continuing to write in that vein, because he could have been “rolling in cash” given the success of the “50 Shades” brand.
But here in Illinois, home of the Chicago Cubs, we are very familiar with this phenomenon, this dark mood, and its true nature.
They sold more property in 2014 than in any of his previous 10 years, closing five deals, compared with two in 2013.
The modern-day equivalent of “shouting it from the rooftops” is adding a “Life Event” to Facebook, a proclamation of your undying love.
There are also differences in the price of accommodation.
(Woolfe) ★ ‘Crash’ (Wednesday) The inventive American composer Robert Ashley died last year at 83, shortly after finishing “Crash,” his final opera, which had its premiere at the 2014 Whitney Biennial.
Another selling point was that the house they bought for $466,500 had handicap access and an in-law suite.
By his mother’s third appearance on Bongo Cam that season, Hayden had decided to come prepared.
“In every show we do, we try to tease out new ideas and bring issues to the surface.
Mr. Ebeyer was surprised to discover that everyone he knew could summon images to their minds.
A candidate who raises the most money, as Phil Gramm did in 1996, can fall flat.
In thick black letters against a white background, Ligon’s message — “I feel most colored when I am thrown against a sharp white background” — takes on new dimensions.
Twenty books in 20 years is Lethem’s output thus far (he has just turned 50), consisting of nine novels, one novella, six works of nonfiction and four short story collections including his new one, “Lucky Alan.” In addition, he has edited various volumes on music and amnesia among other subjects, as well as the collected novels of the science fiction writer Philip K. Dick, indicative of his wide-ranging interests.
“Consumers aren’t even thinking: Do I want to grab my laptop?
He had been cooped up for days, like so many other children of New York City, as the colliding forces of the schools’ midwinter break and the subfreezing temperatures outside kept him indoors, watching television and drawing, sometimes on paper, sometimes on the wall.
Architectural drawings for the site show eight distinct neighborhoods on the campus, with dormitory housing, outdoor pavilions, a chapel and several playgrounds.
Last season, Schwartz was tried at left guard.
Now Mr. Patterson is seeking to extend his brand even further, by creating his own publishing imprint, Jimmy Patterson.
Are they preparing them for what’s next?
The festival is also the beginning of a long farewell for the troupe’s artistic director, Carla Maxwell , who has been at the helm since 1978.
Engineers and transportation safety experts around the world are working to reduce the dangers of grade-level rail crossings like the one in Valhalla, N.Y., that was the scene of a deadly accident Tuesday evening.
will begin the show as a pregnant and recently widowed mother of two young sons.
Ms. Mayer would like to halt that decline in part by turning the company into a media empire, with digital magazines on topics like food, technology, movies and travel.
‘‘The ball does move in Australia, but here the ball moves further sideways through the air and off the wicket,’’ explained England’s head coach Trevor Bayliss, who is Australian.
“But anyplace else, they’re outrageous.”
Rich Homie Quan “Flex (Ooh, Ooh, Ooh)” (Think It’s a Game) Smooth and bubbly and greasy and tart: This was the year’s most deceptive pleasure.
“The other half of them went to Europe and had a wonderful time, and that was me.” It was there, in Verdun, working at a PX, where he met his first wife, the one in the photo.
TARRYTOWN Lyndhurst Estate A staged reading of Catherine Ladnier’s “Dear Mom and Dad.” April 26 at 3 p.m. $15.
Owner: Empire Broome Brokers: Dan Harroch, Thor Retail Advisors
The Bruins had tied it on Brad Marchand’s goal with 4:38 to play in regulation.
The boy, remembering something he had seen on Eighth Avenue, looked up at his father and said, “Dad, why don’t we use the Boy Butter?”
You’ve probably heard his music, even if you’ve never set foot in a concert hall.
More than 100 of the 126 exhibitors this year are from Belgium and France, with none from the United States or China.
It includes funeral home wallpaper re-photographed in Jamaica by Deana Lawson.
Unlike curators who put together exhibitions according to clearly defined concepts or themes, Christov-Bakargiev seems to start with visually striking combinations of unexpected things and then to build webs of meaning around them.
To establish “proof of concept,” we had to show that experienced ex-burglars would burgle a simulated house the same way they burgled a real house.
He was also part of the so-called Group of 8 retired Morgan Stanley partners who, in 2005, overthrew Philip J. Purcell, the chief executive they did not like, in favor of John J. Mack, whom they did.
Her debut single, “Here,” is one of this year’s most vivid songs; it’s about a party so full of drunk and gossipy teenagers that she can’t bear to be at it.
We had to be a team.
But the rapid demise of Gov.
They come with claims of preventing or reducing altitude sickness, promises that in most cases aren’t backed by research.
Congress never summoned their C.E.O.s for questioning on their salaries, $13 million and $20 million respectively.
Keep in mind you need to take low-dose aspirin for five to 10 years to reap the colon cancer protection benefit and in the short term, you are at risk of bleeding complications.
During the 2012 presidential campaign, she supported former Gov.
A bill introduced in the Missouri Legislature would prevent food stamp recipients from using benefits to buy steak or seafood.
It was an extremely profitable investment.
Rewards and Hazards “It was thrilling,” Irene Breslaw, a violinist, said recently, recalling her first performance as a member of the orchestra in 1976, which happened to be at a parks concert.
Forests are simultaneously a potential cause of global warming and a potential solution.
Anderson recently announced her resignation as superintendent.
China, Japan, South Korea, India — pretty much any oil importer around the world that had previously import arrangements from Iran — found themselves in a situation where this was costing them billions of dollars to sustain these sanctions.
“The European currency and the eurozone are much more than just the question of who shares the same money,” he said.
She believed that both men and women could use power and violence against each other, and she wanted feminists to recognize this.
Kurt Clarke, an artist, said he recently moved to the area from Manhattan, seeking cheaper rent.
Confronted with widespread international pressure and the threat of an arms embargo, Mr. Kiir relented on Wednesday.
The right wing of the G.O.P.
The photographs show that since January, China has been dredging enormous amounts of sand from around the reef and using it to build up land mass — what military analysts at the Pentagon are calling “facts on the water” — hundreds of miles from the Chinese mainland.
The attorney general’s office, the Concord Care Home, Mrs. Rayhons’s daughters and their lawyer declined to comment while the case is pending.
May allowed three runs and six hits.
If something was happening in school, she would always be in it.” Justice Clark graduated from Harry S. Truman High School, and was the first in her family to attend college, earning a bachelor’s degree in political science from Boston College in 1983.
She can create her own “in group,” where only kind women are welcome.
But with the Iowa caucuses just around the corner, the pressure is on for Tuesday night’s crop of early debaters to find a way to shine.
And it’s the first time I’ve almost had to play a little bit of a character.” Mr. Smith, who joins a pantheon of Bond singers that includes Shirley Bassey, Tom Jones, Madonna and Paul McCartney, was rumored to have scored the gig this summer and teased fans on social media by dropping 007 hints before confirming the news earlier this month.
The night before, he explained, a hotel manager had threatened to eject him after someone reported seeing him hanging out a sixth-floor window in search of ventilation.
Bradley, who has two top-25 finishes in three appearances in Phoenix, said he and Steele had discussed strategies for getting to the game if one or both were in contention for the title.
One of the counts carries a 10-year minimum sentence, and Mr. Hunter could face life imprisonment when he is sentenced by Judge Laura Taylor Swain on May 29.
“They say these individuals are time-barred.
Ginger has no children; Paul has a college-age daughter from his previous marriage.
Bits Blog » In Reversal, German Prosecutors Say Volkswagen’s Former C.E.O.
At one shop in SoHo, manicurists do something unusual when they walk in the door: They punch in with a timecard at a machine near the front desk.
Ten years in, the Brooklyn Book Festival is still the borough’s most must-go literary event (also a prime place to find well-read dates, and/or spot a literary Jonathan ).
The alarm stems from a huge surge in babies with microcephaly (my-kroh-SEF-uh-lee), a rare, incurable condition in which their heads are abnormally small.
Brown writhed on the court for several minutes, through a timeout.
Addendum , 1:10 p.m. | While I felt the security spin in the Politico story I cited above was overwrought, the piece, by Jen Judson , provides an excellent overview of the issues, particularly the question of whether an American yard is capable of building suitable ships, and what would need to happen if that’s not the case.
Since Ms. McDonald and Mr. Swenson are wife and husband offstage, I am happy to report they show undeniable flashes of chemistry.
Size of the green could mean a three-club difference depending on the hole location.
Dividends taken from that will make a nice change for shareholders of money-losing Sears, which doesn’t pay a dividend.
After attending Birmingham Southern College on a full scholarship, he moved to New York City in 1962 to study piano at Mannes with Leonard Shure .
It is Oude Kerk, not Westerkerk.
Afterward, Manager Terry Collins said Cuddyer had been available, but he had waited too long, and the right situation had never arisen, so Cuddyer remained on the bench.
Mitt Romney , who has told some Republicans that he is almost certain to run for president next year, is putting his team back together and is reaching out to former opponents like Newt Gingrich , The Washington Post reports.
He described his brother as a “friendly, loving father who got along with everyone,” adding that he sang, played drums and participated in community theater.
Mr. Jacobs told The Financial Times that Ryanair expected most of its one-way tickets from London to cost upward of $145.
Under the Republican proposal, the government would provide a “capped allotment” to states to finance coverage for certain Medicaid beneficiaries.
Throughout the text are mentions of major figures of the day — Marian Anderson, Dorothea Lange, A. Philip Randolph, William Saroyan — evoking the creative and political ferment of prewar, pre-Civil Rights America.
Shortly after the judge urged the panel to continue talking, the jurors returned to their windowless room and, over lunch, sent out a note affirming their desire to rehear the summations, complete with a PowerPoint demonstration the prosecution had used as well as photographs and videos the defense had displayed.
Then the film crew fired up the generator; the power was out.
Still, producers are finding small blocks and looking forward to new plantings, though the economics of growing chenin blanc remain an obstacle.
It includes a pool, an outdoor pavilion that seats 40 and two boat slips.
The sea bass goes for $68, the duck for a mere $49.
Taylor has been harshly critical of the Fed, which he claims caused the financial crisis by failing to pursue his policy rule from the early 1990s precisely; Ben Bernanke, now that he’s free to speak his mind, has responded by firmly smacking Taylor upside the head.
The husband, fearful of resisting Rahmatullah, conceded.
But arming the Sunnis directly is an idea that Iraq’s Shiite majority opposes, believing it would be a violation of Iraq’s sovereignty and could help fuel sectarian violence by building up a Sunni army.
It’s only happened three times in 15 years.
I kind of retreated into my head as a young person, while other teenagers were too much in their body, as if they couldn’t control their body and their urges and their hormones.
“The open-source world is a level playing field.”
The pay-per-view numbers will not be tabulated until after the fight, but most other revenue streams are roughly set.
They sat peacefully in the embassy’s parking lot for hours and were provided water, according to a statement from the embassy.
The tax overhaul plan made public on Saturday has come under a particularly harsh attack from Republicans who had seen broad tax changes as one possible area of compromise.
School of One takes comprehensive advantage of technology in ways that let teachers concentrate on teaching.
“The sheer beauty of this film is almost overwhelming,” A. O. Scott wrote in The New York Times, “but as with other works of religiously minded art, its aesthetic glories are tethered to a humble and exalted purpose, which is to shine the light of the sacred on secular reality.” The movie, which won the top prize at the Cannes Film Festival, received Oscar nominations for best picture, best director and best cinematography, for Emmanuel Lubezki.
“Nowadays, we’re there to explain why stories are irrelevant or wrong and what the real story is.” Mr. Hislop does the same on the long-running BBC satirical television show “ Have I Got News for You .” But he knows the magazine really sells because of the jokes.
He asserts that the bill itself would have given Mr. Obama the authority “to admit Syrian refugees, including ISIS terrorists.” He adds, “That’s just wrong.” But that last sentence is accurate: In fact, Syrians, like any refugees, would still have had to pass a battery of background checks to enter the country.
Among the most appealing objects for contemporary design aficionados will probably be the minimalist, cartoonlike cars and other vehicles called Streamliners, designed by Ulf Hanses for Playsam.
“Untitled (Cream Tone Construction)” (2014) is made of rubber, steel, wire and bungee cords and looks like buttocks jutting from the wall.
It is the second.” Mr. Fishbein said his client had told the detectives a fictional story that did not square with other evidence gathered in the 35-year-old case.
The track record of “riot commissions” convened after major public disturbances is that they gather dust once they assure the public that something vaguely positive seems to be happening.
The 100-foot-diameter parachute was the second part of a two-part supersonic braking system NASA has been developing for about five years, at a cost of about $230 million.
The champagne has been popped and the Times Square confetti (mercifully) cleared away.
You were supposed to do this later,’ ” Or like, ‘Are you even ready for it?’ It was just really rude,” Sandra said.
Nick Confessore , Maggie Haberman and Alan Rappeport analyzed the Republican debate live.
In a telling late-night budget vote this year, several Republican incumbents, including Ms. Ayotte, Mr. Portman, Mr. Johnson and Senator Richard M. Burr of North Carolina, voted in favor of a Democratic amendment that would give married same-sex couples access to Social Security and Department of Veterans Affairs benefits.
“The car was the weak link.
And if there is no next time, then I wasn’t good enough.
“No hay paz para el mal”, gritaba.
Mr. Khan, the police commander, said their posts were under heavy enemy fire.
But that was because taller women tended to take longer to become mothers.
When Ms. Diamond applied for temporary assistance at the welfare office, she had a panic attack.
It is cold but functional.
A highlight is also the museum’s 240-degree views of the Alpine range from an exterior platform combined with Ms. Hadid’s innovative design, which cuts through the mountaintop with much of the museum tunneled underground.
The couple came to the country in July 2014 on a flight that originated in Jidda, Saudi Arabia, two federal officials said.
“I take ground balls with him almost every day.
He added, “He’s also great at pushing his audience” by introducing contemporary issues or by creating stories that feel personal.
I’m a lab rat now, deeply accustomed to tapping that lever over and over for the tiny pellets of brief stimulation and shallow gratification that life on the Internet provides.
“Out of the Vault: 25 Years of Collecting,” works from the permanent collection.
David Greene, an auto industry analyst for Cars.com, said he was skeptical that a large fraction of buyers would ever buy without test-driving a car.
Its monthly carrying costs are $13,459.
have been removed from the river.
“The middle class are the real job creators in America,” she said.
Se as fronteiras fossem abertas em substituição ao nosso caro e restritivo sistema de sorteio, é provável que muitos desses imigrantes viajassem indo e voltando entre os Estados Unidos e seus países de origem, neutralizando a potencial fuga de cérebros através da partilha de conhecimentos e do capital de investimento.
Witnesses and medical officials said a series of airstrikes late Friday slammed into residential compounds for workers at an electricity plant in the coastal city of Mokha, killing the civilians.
“He wanted ‘Appalachian music from 300 years in the future,’ ” Ms. Giddens recalled.
The standoff in Hungary seemed to encapsulate the long and often deadly journeys that hundreds of thousands of people have made to try to reach some semblance of peace, security and prosperity in a Europe that, for the most part, did not much want them.
En esto, la experiencia de Obama es una parte de la de Bush, aunque sin el costo en sangre y dinero.
HIGH above the hubbub of Budapest’s main tourist street, Eva Fahidi flits, birdlike, around her warm apartment, lined with books and plants.
“These shoes cost $70,” he boasted about his opening night footwear.
He simply wants to play, be that in the Premier League or at Cambridge.
He won’t allow the Canadians to build the Keystone Pipeline.
Last night’s State of the Union found President Obama in a somewhat better position politically than in the weeks immediately following his party’s big midterm defeat.
The cameras are all on Carli Lloyd, as they should be.
Still, it would be surprising if a purely factional candidate ultimately won the nomination.
Effortless, yes, but not in the chic sense.
There’s more, of course, including car chases, nominally exotic locales and a pulpy, visceral slugfest on a passenger train with a Bluto-size hurting machine (Dave Bautista) who’s evocative of that old Bond enemy Jaws .
RIDGEFIELD Ridgefield Playhouse Yacht Rock Revue.
But he’s still rough and tumble.
There is also a private school with many international students nearby.
At the news conference after a regular meeting of the central bank’s governing council, Mr. Draghi is also likely to discuss how policy makers will deal with the increasingly dire financial situation in Greece.
But birds, like other animals, can learn to tell objects apart.
We make them pick the restaurant because they’re foodies.
The publishing world thinks it does; now is the time for big releases and more serious fiction.
But evidence is strong that needle exchanges reduce the spread of H.I.V.
Mullah Omar ordered Mullah Dadullah to be stripped of his military duties.
His apartment is just around the corner, and he orders the same thing every day.
And once more, the Cubs have a more impressive offensive lineup than the Mets.
Recent public surveys show that Americans strongly support Medicare and Medicaid, the twin pillars of the health care safety net, and that approval of the Affordable Care Act, President Obama’s health care reform law, is steadily rising.
She moved to the Tampa Bay area in 1986.
But after an article is published, the authorities or ordinary people might get upset or claim that our stories contain lies or, worse, are part of a campaign by the enemy to achieve this goal or that objective.
But this seems rather like claiming that China has not, in fact, undergone a market revolution because it’s still governed by self-described Marxists.
Bottles of his rendition are topped with a black wax authenticating seal and hand-signed label by Mr. Morandin with a bespoke batch number by bottle.
The bride, 26, produces comedic short films for clients in Los Angeles.
It is a godsend for them.
“I never know how long it’s going to take to get from one place to another.
With her husband, Samuel William Boynton, whom she married in 1936, she spent decades attempting to register black voters in Alabama.
“Enough is enough,” he declared, finally unable to stand FIFA’s drama anymore now that it was embarrassing the entire Olympic movement.
When Gavin Belson, the founder of the tech behemoth Hooli, wants to impress on his staff the importance of beating Pied Piper, he declares, “I don’t want to live in a world where someone else makes the world a better place, better than we do.” He also paints a dark future of world without software-based compression algorithms: “There will be nothing short of a catastrophe — data shortages, data rationing, data black markets,” or, more succinctly, “Datageddon!” These were some of the funniest lines in the episode — or, to be less charitable, they were some of the few very funny lines.
He fired his top staff member, Paul Teller, for losing the “trust” of lawmakers, many of whom believed he had undermined the Republican leadership by working with conservative advocacy groups to torpedo Mr. Boehner’s budget negotiations.
Mr. Corker said that by agreeing to the self-reporting procedures, the I.A.E.A.
With a wry wit and a sharp, aesthetic eye, she was a co-owner of a printing business, Parish Ink , which specialized in shirts that trumpeted boudin sausage, plate lunches and other old Acadiana verities.
“The coalition is dealing with the wrong sheikhs, who do not enjoy widespread Sunni support.” Coalition officials insist that the Iraqi government will decide which tribes to arm and that any military aid to them must go through the government.
By 1997, the entire estate was farmed biodynamically and she had become one of the method’s staunchest proponents.
The photographer Jackie Lee Young documents scenes from the South by Southwest festival.
After adjusting for inflation, “The Incredible Hulk” took in $61.4 million in 2008.
Phone calls and email messages poured in to Neil deGrasse Tyson, director of the American Museum of Natural History’s Hayden Planetarium.
Brokers: Alex Robayo and Justin Dower, Ideal Properties Group FOR LEASE $97.12/SQUARE FOOT $270,000 approximate annual rent 21 Seventh Avenue South (at Leroy Street) Manhattan This vacant 2,780-square-foot two-story West Village commercial building, formerly Cappello bar and lounge, has a hexagonal-like configuration and features 44 feet of frontage along Seventh Avenue South.
In addition to the deck, there’s a flagstone patio with a cauldron-like water feature that bubbles over and flows down stone stairs.
“I just keep chugging along, because I like doing it,” she says.
I send him a smirk emoji and a dollar sign emoji.
Studies using rats, another animal with superior smelling abilities, have indicated that even when 95 to 98 percent of the receptors are degraded, a sharp sense of smell remains intact.
Last year in three regions alone — the western Indian Ocean, Southeast Asia and the Gulf of Guinea off West Africa — more than 5,200 seafarers were attacked by pirates and robbers and more than 500 were taken hostage, a database built by The New York Times shows.
Anheuser-Busch InBev said on Thursday that it planned to seek the sale of several of SABMiller’s premium brands in Europe, including Peroni and Grolsch, in the hope of easing regulatory concerns about the brewers’ proposed $105 billion merger.
It was the same look he had 70 minutes earlier while shoulder to shoulder with Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers in the Badgers’ section at Lucas Oil Stadium.
Others are pairing their unions with charitable giving that has a political point of view.
For some, like Pelé, it might be better to stay at home and avoid the toxicity radiating from the implicated officials and the event itself.
Chinua Achebe made the point plainer in his 1973 essay “Africa and Her Writers,” calling art for art’s sake “just another piece of deodorized [expletive]” and bemoaning the development of the notion that “art should be accountable to no one, and needed to justify itself to nobody except itself.” Wright himself — well before syllable-counting and sickness and France — was probably his generation’s most forceful proponent of literature’s instrumental possibilities.
Outdoors FAIRFIELD Connecticut Audubon Society Thursday Morning Bird Walk.
At the final whistle the home fans roared, and several players from both teams dropped to the turf in exhaustion.
GARDEN CITY Adelphi University Performing Arts Center “Baths of Caracalla: The Three Tenors Concert,” concert film of Luciano Pavarotti, PlácidoDomingo and José Carreras in 1990.
This account is based on investigative reports and court filings, as well as interviews with people on both sides of the bars at Attica, state officials and prison reform advocates.
“These projects are a kind of dream, one that everybody can understand and everybody can participate in.” But since Jeanne-Claude’s death in 2009 , from complications of a brain aneurysm, some wondered if the dream had died too.
On a recent Sunday, I showed up to class to find my yoga teacher, Amy Gorely, seated cross-legged at the opposite — and dark — end of the room from her usual place.
It’s a satire in which the extremism which accompanies all religions winds up manifesting around the most ridiculous holy text imaginable — a saga about shirtless brooding teenage dragons.
Once the oChips are inserted, the player is ready to receive a scent message.
Walls of beautifully preserved opus reticulatum — a Roman building technique in which pyramidal bricks are set like diamonds to form a rippling mosaic-like pattern — crisscrossed the desert floor.
Rob Campbell and Jennifer Ikeda star as the murderous thane and his lady.
The suicide bombing is the first in months in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Province, in the country’s northwest.
It has also put another fund under “heightened review,” according to two people with knowledge of the hedge fund.
“We understood why the weapons were taken, to bring them to Kiev.” Around 2 p.m. that Friday, just as European diplomats were gathering for the signing ceremony at the nearby presidential administration building, Mr. Tereschenko received a call from a deputy interior minister, Viktor Dubovik, with an order to leave the city.
She called Ms. Franklin Gee-Gee and loved her dearly; only in hindsight does she consider what Ms. Franklin’s life must have been like.
If you want to get credible messengers, you’ve got to find people with credibility.” Aldgate East is the last stop on the District line before London proper ends.
To the Editor: Re “ Restaurants Say No to Tips, Yes to Higher Prices ” (front page, Aug. 24): Restaurant owners wondering how to raise prices and eliminate tipping should contact their peers in Australia and New Zealand.
“Out of Ashes” doesn’t pretend to any overarching explanation, or to be a work of original scholarship.
“These staff additions are the continuation of our plan to have a strategic and significant presence across the country.” Ms. Giorno previously worked for Gov.
So it was a tad incongruous when she added, “We’re at ground zero for sexually transmitted infections.” Dr. Taylor’s point was twofold: Demand for tests and treatment is great, not just in this neighborhood beyond the French Quarter, but all over Louisiana.
Fox Theater, Foxwoods Casino, 350 Trolley Line Boulevard.
It never got to test that premise.
Mr. Maron, who performed stand-up in Boston in the 1980s, said that Mr. Crimmins had a reputation in that scene for being politically astute and formidable.
The young refugees are as resourceful as they are vulnerable.
While New York dance this week is dominated by the continuing and annual seasons of “George Balanchine’s The Nutcracker” (New York City Ballet at the David H. Koch Theater) and Alvin Ailey Dance Theater (at City Center, where the Balanchine “Nutcracker” had its premiere in 1954), two other events occur this week only.
According to an executive at the house (no one but Mr. Slimane or Francesca Bellettini, the chief executive, is authorized to speak for the brand), Saint Laurent, which closed its couture atelier in 2002 when the designer Yves Saint Laurent retired, is officially debuting a new offering: the hand-sewn “Yves Saint Laurent” Couture ivory silk label.
But the alternative that “Best Time Ever” served up was misguided to say the least.
Will it affect other countries?
$8 to $10; children under 12, free.
— American Pharoah is the favorite to take the Belmont Stakes on Saturday and become the first Triple Crown winner since 1978 (post time is 6:50 p.m. Eastern; coverage on NBC begins at 4:30 p.m.).
In the second paper, published in the journal Science , Dr. Avouac and his colleagues, using data from GPS stations and a seismometer near Kathmandu, showed that the 12-mile-wide and 87-mile-long patch where the fault slipped broke smoothly, generating long-period waves and less of the higher frequencies that would have occurred had the ground fractured more jerkily.
“That’s all I’ll do all day.” Donald J. Trump officially accepted the Republican party's nomination on July 22.
The savanna reached upward in my tracks with tiny golden rushes of dust, rearranged itself to mark my passing the way it had done millions of times before for millions of other wayfarers.
Celtic fans danced like zombies — in reference to their view that the Rangers of old died when the team entered bankruptcy.
In the top of the ninth, fans were chanting “We want Harvey!” imploring the Mets’ coaching staff to leave the right-hander in the game.
“That’s a pretty strong message to Rahm about what people thought about his education agenda,” said Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. provides a dramatic anchor, but the movie is less the portrait of a (flawed, doubt-plagued) great man than the snapshot of a movement.
When she met and fell for a Canadian photographer who asked her to move to Los Angeles with him, Marling jumped at the chance to try a new life in the golden land.
“It offends a lot of people,” Marco Rubio said.
Palestinians say that Mr. Abbas has little else to show for his efforts, and that he is trying to ensure that no other leaders can emerge in his stead.
director of advisory, providing the bank with advice on managing conduct risk, is expected to leave later this year and join Standard Chartered as global head of legal and compliance for transactions and products.
All legal complaints filed in that time will be considered together, and a lottery will determine which federal court will hear that unified case.
(Stephen Holden) ★ ‘The Great Man’ (No rating, 1:47, in French) In this Sarah Leonor drama, two French soldiers’ lives change after a near-death experience in Afghanistan.
Some parts of the exchange were political.
The backup basketball sat rather forlornly, unused.
Michael J. Schiliro, North Castle’s town supervisor, who has lived in Armonk with his family for 17 years, said, “You can pretty much walk to everything.” Armonk is also popular with businesses.
Just call me Bad Santa, lugging a sack of holiday cheer: this year’s outstanding books about homicidal children, psychopaths and coldblooded murderers.
Which happened to be the same number of innings in Game 1 of this series.
Now the condition of being a mature adult is being more warmly embraced.
At 29, Russell Knox, who is tied for eighth at eight-under-par 205, feels, well, old.
No one will be spared.
“Market disruptions could occur,” said Monica J. Lindeen, a Democrat, who is the insurance commissioner of Montana and president of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners.
But increasingly, researchers are trying to understand the more nuanced effects of marriage on health.
Those who are engaged in the arts should be the last to send any other message, because when artists endorse the traditional order of a society, it suggests that they have forgotten their own true role within it.
So if carbapenem fails, the patient is in serious trouble.
Takeover of Aer Lingus | I.A.G.
When the elevator door at the housing project opens onto two men seemingly dealing drugs, a young mother, loaded down with groceries, wordlessly opts to lead her small children lugging backpacks up the decrepit stairs.
At the Giants’ 47-yard line, Giants safety Craig Dahl jumped Murphy from behind and stripped the football from Murphy’s grasp.
After months of public acrimony over the Metropolitan Transportation Authority’s capital budget, the agency’s board on Wednesday celebrated the recent deal between state and city officials to fund a slimmer version of the spending plan and then blessed it with a unanimous vote of support.
The best-known web provider, Khan Academy , is free.
Sundays and Mondays, noon to 4 p.m.; Wednesdays through Saturdays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Greene Art Gallery, 29 Whitfield Street.
He received a four-minute double-minor penalty.
And my question is, At what cost?” But technologists say the government’s arguments hold little water.
TPG is regarded as the most aggressive of the American private equity firms in Australia.
But while Civic Platform has championed free market principles and enthusiastically embraced Poland’s rising role in European affairs, Law and Justice, with its deep ties to rural parts of the country and to the powerful Catholic Church, had pitched itself as the champion for those left behind by the country’s post-communist prosperity.
“I couldn’t take my kids out of the shelter at night because I was afraid they would be bitten by hyenas or vicious animals in the desert.” Aid workers said the tide might be turning somewhat at Azraq, with a small number of refugees recently leaving cities and towns for the camp, but only because they are desperate.
Now that the world has really caught up to the trans movement, we get to allow Maura a few more flaws and screw-ups, and let her make mistakes and not necessarily be this heroic exemplar.
The first two months of German occupation of the Netherlands has brought about one almost national passive demonstration against the invaders and has seen a steadily growing resentment against the Nazi forces.
The study is in BMC Medicine.
It wasn’t supposed to be this way.
Dr. Kadanoff turned to a simple model of another second-order phase transition, ferromagnetism.
Chinese leaders would do better to look at how the tensions over the sale flow directly from their own actions.
Speaking in Parliament, Mr. Abe pledged to increase efforts to fight what he called mistaken views abroad concerning Japan’s wartime actions, when the Japanese military conquered much of Asia.
In 2014, The Journal , The Washington Post and The Times each reported, citing intelligence officials, that for technical reasons, the program consisted mostly of landline phone records.
Given the risks she and the conspirators were taking, Missie could write about some things but not about others.
“Even when I’m not in the room, I end up hearing laughter at some point,” she said.
Very few have the chance to travel abroad.
Mr. Bush and Mr. Rubio have both been polling in the single digits, and attacks on Mr. Trump and Mr. Carson have failed to work, especially for Mr. Bush.
The new restaurant that occupies the space that was once their almost-second home is not where many of them drop anchor now.
Foreigners frequently stay at the hotels.
A late-summer salad, served only during the short tomato season, may look like a relic of ’90s-era modernist food styling — precise, carefully arranged rectangles and half moons of heirloom varieties, punctuated with dots of ricotta and gelée and crowned with an ovoid of tomato sorbet — but it tastes like the essence of a garden, evoking sun-dappled grass, a plot of rich soil, clusters of fat, fragrant, dusty fruits on the vine.
While Volkswagen promised that it would not fire employees who came forward with information, it does not have the legal authority to protect them from criminal prosecution.
“I need your help to get on that debate stage,” Ms. Fiorina, the former Hewlett-Packard chief executive, wrote in an urgent plea to supporters the other day.
Three new board members, approved by Jana Partners, a Wall Street investment firm that had been pressing for changes, will be put on Qualcomm’s 15-member board.
Corruption was bad enough before, but now, he said, it has reached staggering proportions, with devastating consequences.
In the mid-’50s, after teaching school for several years, she was offered the use of a friend’s Rome apartment, rent-free, for six months.
These linked the Kulluk to the towline of its tugboat, the Aiviq, which was built for the Kulluk job by another subcontractor, the Louisiana shipbuilder Edison Chouest, which would also provide its crew.
In her introduction to “Low-Fat Soul,” published in 1996, Ms. Nash said that “in those painful days of our history,” when satisfying meals were one of the few joys available, “our forebears gave little thought to the fat or sugar stirred in.” “Besides,” she wrote, “they burned off much of what they ate during long, grueling days toiling in the fields.
The resulting puzzle is the Square in the Bag puzzle [a version of this puzzle with a square card instead of the rectangular gift card].
But those days are past now.
He left the bomb and the bullet of sectarian warfare in Ulster for New Orleans, intending to stay just one year.
A sinewy and graceful memoir, from a former book critic for The New York Times, about her childhood in an upper-middle-class black family in Chicago.
The lawsuit cites state estimates that at least 280,000 people will be disenfranchised.
So anyone who had bet on the Patriots would have won.
More of us should do the same.
Shorn of the puffed-up hauteur he displayed the day before, Ibsen has had a change of heart.
KEN SWENSEN Wappingers Falls, N.Y. To the Editor: Franciscans take integral ecology very seriously.
In later years Mr. Sitton won a Pulitzer Prize as a columnist for The News & Observer in Raleigh, N.C., where he was also the editor.
Construction is seemingly everywhere, with permits issued for 11,729 units of housing in the first four months of the year, according to the Real Estate Board of New York .
Their next conscripted cat’s paw, Yousaf (Rahul Khanna), must take part, too, grabbing a leg with Elizabeth and bending it so forcefully at the knee in the wrong direction that the bone protrudes almost through the skin.
Morris Museum, 6 Normandy Heights Road.
“This isn’t the fault of the culture that’s at St. Paul’s,” Joseph Cherniske, an assistant county attorney, said in his closing argument.
“Street art has to stand out from the static and contend with the metabolism of the city,” says the artist, who recaptured some street-cred this summer when a felony warrant was issued for his arrest after his recent “Printed Matters” outdoor exhibition in Detroit, where he also allegedly created unauthorized tags throughout the city.
But on Wednesday, Mr. Boering said World Press Photo had reopened the investigation after receiving word that Mr. Troilo had taken one of the images in the studio of the artist Vadim Vosters outside Brussels and not in Charleroi.
Snootiness and absurdity pervade the admissions process (1:35).
Yet by almost every measure except precipitation, California is doing fine.
A morally complex spin on Aesop’s fable.
will be very reluctant to influence the political outcomes at all,” said Marie Diron, a senior vice president at Moody’s Investors Service and former economist at the European Central Bank.
But when the story falls more squarely upon his shoulders, “The Bully of Order” picks up the pace, helped along by an energizing sense of humor and a virtuosic control of plot.
For their first date, my father didn’t show up.
Such costs include hotel bills, meals out and other expenses while the home is being rebuilt, as well as the purchase of new clothing.
Lee demonstrated this in an age where the general cacophony, and the need to manage and spin every political minute, makes statesmanship ever more elusive.
The piece was powerful, making the point that “men who are eventually arrested for violent acts often began with attacks against their girlfriends and wives.” But for some readers, dismay at the illustration overwhelmed their reaction to the article itself.
Preet Bharara, the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York, and his team have done the hard work of convicting some of Albany’s worst offenders.
championship, but a potential game-winning pass was intercepted in the end zone by the Seahawks.
At times, it drives him crazy.
supporters (like supporters of Scottish independence) vote not out of regressive provincialism, but are frustrated with a United Kingdom that is not progressive enough.
When Patrik Cederlof, head of Sweden’s National Coordination Office Against Prostitution and Trafficking, began working on these issues in the late 1990s, the situation was very different: Trafficking was not an issue, and the women selling sex were overwhelmingly Swedish.
I am proposing a fight that would be a publicity stunt to bring your name back.
The industry is also looking to other financial mechanisms to spur interest from investors.
Another method relies on compressed air.
The pope has long advocated a church that serves the poor, and our idea was to explore the challenges facing churches in poor communities.
He threatened others if they fiddled with the thermostat, if they used the gas burners for heat, if they did not do their chores or obey the rules.
Governments around the world own airlines and often support them with loans, favorable contracts and other benefits.
Of the pieces comprising the “incredible breath of air” in Chelsea, Kasmin detects an underlying humor to the titles; in any case, as the gallerist says, the “language is very much Ernst’s own, no matter the medium,” offering a way to unify the artist’s oeuvre.
Joel Millman, a spokesman for the International Organization for Migration, said that the group had identified at least 2,000 people who were ready to be evacuated immediately and that it had chartered planes to begin moving them out, possibly as soon as Wednesday.
In 2013, the Ducks had 1-0, 2-1 and 3-2 series leads before falling to the Detroit Red Wings, a top-flight franchise that left a first-round upset of Anaheim as a parting gift on their way to a realigned Eastern Conference.
In his opening statement, Lincoln Chafee, the former senator and governor of Rhode Island, told the audience: “What I’m most proud of is that, in 30 years of public service, I have had no scandals.
But they have had a particularly devastating impact on electronics retailers, many of whom have struggled to adapt to the very technological age that they helped usher in.
Anyone could now hear the music, something that kept it alive while also relocating it far from home.
They collected tissue from 26 women who had died during or just after pregnancy.
But the situation isn’t so different in the Virginia suburbs of Washington, D.C., where a separate cluster of teen suicides in recent years forced educators and parents to re-examine the messages they give teenagers, intentionally and unintentionally, about what’s expected of them and what’s needed to get ahead in this world.
The Mustangs (27-7) suddenly came to life on a pair of 3-pointers by Moore.
: As the U.S. becomes a majority non-white nation, a transition from insularity to obsolescence is a vital concern for the profession.
Free tours include beer and a walk around the sprawling brewery, while the taproom offers drafts and live music daily.
“European and American officials always tell me that they are against settlements but not against settlers,” Mr. Dayan said.
1 ranking in the College Swimming Coaches Association of America national poll.
“That may surprise people, but the challenge will be how close she wants to be identified with President Obama.
“Where are you from?” “Norway,” I mumbled.
Some opt to train for competitive swimming, or the senior tennis or golf circuits.
“The fact that consumers paid LifeLock for help in protecting their sensitive personal information makes the charges in this case particularly troubling,” Edith Ramirez, the F.T.C.
It featured such entries as OVERATONING and WAVES THE RED — clued as “___ flag (signals danger).” Years later, we had a big laugh at that.
“I also do a lot of housing, environment and a lot of other things,” she said.
This was a defensible argument, although it looks much weaker in the light of more recent developments; as I warned in 1998 , in a liquidity trap the central bank loses control of monetary aggregates as well as the real economy; it’s by no means clear that the Fed really could have prevented the Depression.
But either way this pontiff deserves great credit, and the promise, finally, of systematic accountability for bishops will loom large in Francis’s legacy whatever else comes next.
Spontaneous vigils of hundreds and thousands formed in other cities around France and elsewhere in Europe.
Those include bomb-making instructions and “lots of pictures of cars on fire.” Yet the system also captures a great deal of unrelated material.
Analysis from Fitch suggests that there are signs of excessive home prices in the Bay Area and other coastal markets, and of continued underpricing in parts of New England and the industrial Midwest.
It is a neutral legal principle untainted by ideology, he wrote in a 1993 law review article .
Last year, pressure by Dinanath Batra, a Hindu activist, persuaded Penguin Books India to withdraw and destroy copies of “ The Hindus: An Alternative History ,” by Wendy Doniger, an American scholar.
Strangers may be eager to drive you places or rent you their house for the weekend, but they require some level of confidence.
Regulators and lawmakers are reviewing low-tax arrangements granted to Apple in Ireland and Amazon in Luxembourg, and privacy watchdogs are looking into how Facebook protects people’s online data.
Such is the animus toward Travelers that almost half of the country’s 31 localities returned the money allocated by the central government for Traveler accommodations this year.
The article also misstated the effect of the filing on Mr. Wilson’s association with the company.
“It was an adjustment, but I think I made it,” she said.
moment.” He had spent three years trying to entice more discerning customers into trying Indian cuisine, partly by hosting special events like wine-pairing dinners at Coromandel’s South Norwalk location.
“Anything you put in the white gallery space becomes overtly beautiful and sculptural,” Mr.
In reaching for those million or more viral views, candidates are agreeing to activities often reserved for actors and celebrities: participating in prerecorded skits, often in a self-mocking manner, set to be put online.
But Anang Iskandar, head of Indonesia’s National Narcotics Board, stoutly defended the harsh policy.
“No ignoren un esguince”, agregó.
After being elected in New York to the United States Senate in 2000, Mrs. Clinton had another constituency to represent: Wall Street.
They recently asked a federal judge, Valerie E. Caproni, to dismiss the indictment against Mr. Silver on grounds of “improper extrajudicial” comments by Mr. Bharara.
Instead, they are locked in a frantic competition for prestige, which is more and more keyed to “selectivity” — the percentage of applicants offered a place in the class.
LinkedIn profiles advertise workers’ skills and experience to the world.
Uber is continuing its hiring spree of top technical talent by recruiting two respected computer security engineers, Charlie Miller and Chris Valasek.
Go to Tel Aviv, you have Tel Aviv.’ ” Mr. Canning said that the group’s priority is to gain access to public religious schools for tolerance education, and that it pressed for this in a meeting Sunday with Naftali Bennett, the education minister, but “he didn’t make any promises.” Still, Rabbi Noa Sattath, who was chairwoman of Open House at the time of Mr. Schlissel’s first stabbing, said, “The reaction from the community is completely different.” At that time, a post-stabbing rally drew 150 people and “we couldn’t get one member of Parliament to come,” Rabbi Sattath recalled.
Is this more or less valid than seeing it on the runway?
Since the attack, business has been normal in Nairobi, and Kenyans seem almost to be getting used to such grim news.
And it drew its authority not from any racist ideology but from the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment.
It found that 160 civil aviation flights went through on the day of the crash before the airspace was closed.
In the ’70s and ’80s, you started to see more unisex salons, when men had more elaborate haircuts, and they thought that the barber couldn’t do it.
Bodies ripple up and down from the floor, partnerships dissolve with a meaningful pause and swooping turns in one direction are usually followed by the same thing in another.
To do so, the researchers used a technique called wrist actigraphy, which uses a watchlike device with an accelerometer that measures movement and inactivity and which, when combined with sleep diaries, provides a more accurate accounting of sleep.
The Times reports that advisers who once fretted about his inflammatory rhetoric have now decided to “let Carson be Carson.” Mr. Carson has said that the message he’s receiving from supporters is, “Don’t stop.
Hundreds have died in street battles since April.
Across eight postseason games, the Rangers have scored 15 goals, tied with Montreal for fewest among the eight remaining teams.
“Sometimes with those titles, you don’t know what you’re getting, but Rocky was very involved,” Bradley, now the Jaguars’ coach, said in a telephone interview.
Longoria and Forsythe scored the tying runs.
Jack Bonné cooked his family foods that were exotic at the time like Mandarin chicken (always accompanied with wine — and never television) and hosted wine and cheese tastings.
As he has grown more comfortable, he has become more communicative.
I can’t come to terms with it.
Many are engaging in the same type of impact investing — meaning that they measure what their dollars accomplish — that is at the heart of much global giving.
But that connection hardly trumps existing political concerns.
Thomas Jefferson thought every constitution should expire after a single generation.
The Ives was added to the program, as Kyu-Young Kim , the orchestra’s principal second violin, explained to the audience, because the piece can demonstrate a hall’s acoustics.
It’s about access to capital for women directors.
For one, teams bound for the Super Bowl probably will have representatives who will be unable to play, and other Pro Bowl selections will withdraw with injuries.
The roar from the home crowd when Wales finally won the ball after an Irish assault that covered 32 attempts was of a volume more usually associated with winning tries — and with good reason.
IN ZAGREB, CLOTHING INSPIRED BY TRADITION The Croatian designer Ivana Omazic, 41, who has worked in prestigious fashion houses like Miu Miu, wanted to give travelers to her country a meaningful souvenir and decided to do that by moving from Paris to Zagreb last year to start Adrian, a line of fashionable and casual women’s clothes inspired by Croatia’s traditional ethnic wear.
Taxpayers who donate money to Hirado get a nice deduction and a shipment of slipper lobsters, spiral-shelled mollusks and oysters.
The aliens could very well be out there.
They are all an absence made palpably present, as though their most vivid traits — my father’s unshakable optimism; my mother’s irreverent wit; my mother-in-law’s profound gentleness — have formed a thin membrane between me and the world: Because they are gone, I see everything differently.
He has also said he would offer Mr. Xi a McDonald’s hamburger rather than a state dinner.
A fourth bedroom is next to the master suite.
JOHN E. STAFFORD Rye, N.Y.
Mr. Phillips told them that he could not design and bake a wedding cake for them because it would violate his Christian convictions, although he would be happy to sell them other baked goods.
At 7 p.m., Cielo, 18 Little West 12th Street, West Village, 646-543-8556, bcbeat.net.
When her preschool teachers send examples of her work home, her pictures always include “mommy” and “papa.” My father’s presence is all the more pronounced because my daughter’s father isn’t around.
Later, at the University of North Carolina in the mid-1980s, he honed his stage presence as a member of the Clef Hangers, an a cappella group.
Some had traveled from as far away as Johannesburg.
“But they might be able to afford a Breitling Bentley watch, and we hope they’ll graduate to the car.” Even so, Breitling’s watches for Bentley, advertised as marrying “British chic” with “Swiss excellence,” can cost from $4,000 to $40,000.
Corporation, the institute’s board of trustees.
Samantha Rae Newman, a daughter of Roberta Newman and Mitchell E. Newman of Marlboro, N.J., was married Saturday evening to Aaron Layne Weinglass, the son of Teri Layne and Daniel Weinglass of Fanwood, N.J.
“ Mystery Show ” From the Gimlet Media network, “Mystery Show” explores life’s everyday puzzles.
It is similar in concept to an aggregate price-to-book ratio.
The 48-board final was between China Open (Hou Xu, Liu Jing, Kang Meng, Sun Shaolin, Hu Linlin and Li Xiaoyi), which had qualified for the quarters by 0.28 victory points, and Red Bull (Liu Li, Lu Yiping, Wang Yuewu and Kuang Yuegang from China, and Bauke Muller and Simon De Wijs from the Netherlands).
I have gladly braved crowds at a Harry Potter exhibition so my children could try on the Hogwarts sorting hat, which fathoms their precise flavor of inborn magic (Gryffindor!).
The Maharashtra government had promised security for the concerts this week but that assurance was not enough for the organizers or venue owners.
Still, the disparity in recoveries is telling.
Peter New Haven, posted to nytimes.com
“But I can tell you it feels like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders.” Karen Brassard also suffered grievous leg injuries during the Boston Marathon bombings carried out two years ago by Mr. Tsarnaev and his brother.
Princeton University Library, 1 Washington Road.
And how does Winston know about her advance, when she didn’t mention it?
Litigation will proceed against the two other charities and Mr. Reynolds.
Chinese bronze mask from the Zhou dynasty depicting a demon animal, and a Roman female torso in marble from the first to the second century A.D.
When Lehrer apologized, poorly — for a $20,000 fee!
(The company found that Preston-Warner hadn’t committed legal wrongdoing but said he had made “mistakes and errors of judgment.”) Justin Mateen exited the dating app Tinder in July 2014 after a female co-founder provided texts in which he threatened her after she broke up with him.
$3 and $5; members and children 12 and under, free.
Each player, including Mr. Carlsen, had nine minutes to complete the games.
It’s almost unfair to compare the show to any of its fashion week peers.
She is a daughter of Millie L. Gorson of Bala Cynwyd, Pa., and the late Jerold S. Cook, who lived in Chagrin Falls, Ohio, and a stepdaughter of Maxwell P. Gorson of Lafayette Hill, Pa. Ms. Prow, 49, is the managing director and chief operating officer of the Enough Project, a division of the Center for American Progress.
Apple’s hiring spree of automotive experts more recently accelerated as the company’s plans came into sharper focus, according to a lawsuit filed this month in Massachusetts federal court.
Capitals goalie Braden Holtby If you are reading this, you probably do not need to “get to know” Holtby.
The new leader, he declared, had “transformed all of us, citizens, public officials, journalists, into voyeurs.” François resolved to restore seemliness to the Élysée by running for president in the next election.
Three of them say she has continued to do so, usually at the same time, every day since.
“He’ll come ’round,” Mr. Sifton posted.
“I was one of those ‘live fast/die young/leave a good-looking corpse types,’ ” Belushi says.
Playing with pain in the round of 16 on Saturday, Gasol lit Poland up for 30 points, including an improbable six of seven on 3-point attempts.
From left, Donald and Melania Trump, the Rev.
Weather Weather apps are two a penny, but I’ve used one more than any other this year: Yahoo Weather.
American and Iranian forces clashed there repeatedly in 1988 after a Navy frigate was damaged by an Iranian mine.
But Maroon’s enthusiasm for his international hockey triumph was not shared by the Flyers.
Her husband rushed into the living room to see if everything was O.K.
The Simon offer is worth $20 a share more than that.
Which is really, really great.
On Wednesday, after the Knicks’ second consecutive win , Fisher lauded Amundson’s team-first play and physicality.
The less contact I had, the more I realized his influence.
A spokeswoman for the library said she could not disclose the dollar amount of the gift for the fountains, under an agreement with the trust.
But the basic physics of energy, heat and work known as thermodynamics tell us that waste, or what we physicists call entropy, must be generated and dumped back into the environment in the process.
To those saying adoptees ought to be grateful, I wish you would show more compassion.
We are confident that this company will stand behind their work as well as cooperate with the sponsor and the condo board.” The principal sponsors of the development include Itzhak Katan and four members of the Matrisciani family — Michael, Monty, Daniel and Alex Jr.
Let’s alleviate humanitarian crises abroad and spur development in our most vulnerable cities, recognizing that immigrants help rather than hinder economic growth.
The museum has 1.1 million objects in its collection, and about a quarter of them have been digitized.
The Sunday session to hasten action on the highway bill, called by Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, came as tensions rose between Republican leaders and rank-and-file conservatives, intensified by the presidential candidacies of four Republican senators — Ted Cruz of Texas, Rand Paul of Kentucky, Marco Rubio of Florida and Mr. Graham.
The overall evidence here isn’t quite as straightforward as liberals insist, but it’s stronger than some social conservatives want to believe, and it deserves a role in the debate about what sort of interventions the government should support.
But as people make their summer plans, the fact that, for example, European destinations are 12.5 percent cheaper than they were six months ago in dollar terms could both make locations abroad more attractive to Americans and United States travel less attractive to would-be foreign visitors.
Nine of the Republicans are on Long Island.
As disruptive as the floods have been, they’ve also tested a quality that many residents admire about this township of around 15,540 residents: its community spirit.
Asked about that in an interview, Donna Seymour, the chief information officer at the Office of Personnel Management, said that installing such gear in the government’s “antiquated environment” was difficult and very time consuming, and that her agency had to perform “triage” to determine how to close the worst vulnerabilities.
PEEKSKILL Field Library “Musings: Works in Clay,” sculpture by Jo-Ann Brody.
After Portland goalkeeper Adam Kwarasey failed to punch away a cross in the goal mouth, Kamara poked the ball free in a swarm in front of the net.
Mr. Boyd, a student and playing partner of Mr. Pilipski’s, said his game had improved greatly as a result of the stagehand’s intuitive approach.
As before, she has great reviews for the performance, and the show is selling well.
Consistent price gains can make homeowners feel wealthier and more likely to spend, providing a boost to the economy.
$8 and $10; members and children under 3, free.
“There was a big hope that OPEC would announce a production cut, but it just didn’t happen,” said Steven Ricchiuto, Mizuho Securities chief economist.
Specifically, ascendant-tech-startup-entrepreneurs-who-might-consider-retaining-the-services-of-a-certain-investment-bank-when-they-sell-or-IPO friends.” Those efforts at new client relationships pale in comparison to some of the more aggressive moves to land business.
What vexed him most was the continuing recalcitrance of the Croatians.
Patient’s concerns are seen as problems the doctor can “fix” through psychological suturing.
Law enforcement authorities have called the killings a hate crime.
Both are capable financial executives, but their experiences seem uncannily to better suit the other’s job.
This sad tale forms part of the plotline of “Up Here,” an endearingly goofy but inconsequential musical making its premiere here at La Jolla Playhouse .
“My years at NBCUniversal were both fulfilling and challenging,” Ms. Fili-Krushel said.
Dr. Dale Guyer, the founder of the Guyer Institute, issued a statement on Sunday strongly denying the report.
This week, Pankaj Mishra and Benjamin Moser discuss whether philosophical novels have gone the way of the dodo bird.
“While she was extricating herself, Mrs. Brown said things to the palmist and his dog which caused Mahartan Newman to follow her about the store upbraiding her,” she said.
I married a non-Catholic, in the church, had two children, divorced, refused to get an annulment to invalidate my marriage, and remarried.
“She always used the back door.” Ms. Armstead recalled sleeping nights on chairs in hospital emergency rooms while her mother was being treated, and living off restaurant handouts.
So valuable are these fines, and so entrenched is the family-planning bureaucracy, that he expects the system to continue to exercise a hold over citizens’ reproductive health.
Voynov was sentenced to 90 days in jail and three years of probation for corporal injury to a spouse.
While general managers say they have always paid attention to a prospect’s character and behavior, never before have those issues been such a focus of the draft, which is set to begin Thursday in Chicago.
In metals trading, gold fell $1.70, to $1,183.10 an ounce; silver fell 8 cents, to $16.60 an ounce; and copper fell 4 cents, to $2.74 a pound.
In contrast, the president’s proposed tax credit expansion would mean $2,500 more for college, White House officials.
In some parks, he said, he has had to shoo away homeless people from the marriage locations, which he secures with a city permit.
More specifically, the U.S. will face Colombia if Colombia loses to England while France beats Mexico in the afternoon and Brazil beats or ties Costa Rica at night.
During World War II, he fled south to Nice, only to have that city threatened with bombardment.
Sebastian,” from 1979, a work of oil and wax on canvas — with the help of several donors.
Greek banks have reportedly suffered high withdrawals over worries the country could leave the eurozone.
GDPNow , a running estimate of economic growth posted on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, showed no change in gross domestic product in the first quarter.
The government bureaucracy, challenges in hiring reputable contractors and the logistics of Marrakesh’s narrow streets can be daunting, said Alex Peto, a partner in Kensington International Morocco, a real estate agency.
In her postmatch news conference Wednesday, Bouchard said she had been confused by the request.
Will Branch, 1500 Central Park Avenue.
Prosecutors contend that he was connected to a sophisticated, multiyear insider trading scheme in which a large circle of traders and hackers reaped more than $100 million in illegal proceeds.
There are no plans to raise taxes or increase borrowing, for now: Berlin had a comfortable budget surplus of over €20 billion euros, or 1.4 percent of G.D.P., in the first half of the year.
As viewers will discover in “Jim Shaw: The End Is Here,” a mind-blowing show at the New Museum, Mr. Shaw does Surrealism, Pop Art, Abstract Expressionism, Conceptualism, cartoons and comic strips, psychedelic posters and kitschy illustration styles with an endlessly inventive comedic twist.
Silvermine Arts Center Galleries, 1037 Silvermine Road.
“But all these leaders need to look at the root of the problem: integration and inclusion.” “Until then,” she said, “nothing will change.”
When you are attempting to complete a catch, you must put the ball away or protect the ball so it does not come loose.
“So to have a policy is a good thing.” But he said that, as with other arms exports, American-made armed drones that are exported are likely to be used for dubious or regrettable purposes.
But the more I looked into it, the more I was convinced I had to have this bike.
In the course of planning the bombing, prosecutors said, Mr. Naseer had updated his Qaeda handler via email, using code words like “marriage” for the plot, and women’s names for specific types of bombs.
He now charges a fee to allow people to have their calls forwarded from a 212 number of his to their own phones for a month.
“He comes here and speaks that rudely and cursing, and he shouldn’t do that, but at the same time, who are we kidding?” said Jessica Guzman, 30, who attended a recent rally.
“But I guess I am rooting for Federer.” Federer will turn 34 early next month.
Their view is that whatever she accomplishes in the water is but one strand in a rich life tapestry that includes academics and service and family.
Others jostled with staff members at the bureau after they were told not to talk with reporters.
In the age of social media, the royal family has walked a delicate line between a public with unabated curiosity and its towheaded, rosy-cheeked son, known for engaging with the glare of the spotlight.
This year’s lineup highlights include the timeless avant-R&B experimentalist Grace Jones, the whipsmart hyperactive rapper Danny Brown, the thrash punk mainstays Suicidal Tendencies and the promising young neo-soul duo Lionbabe.
No one will make the connection, and you’ll be safe, in regards to your job, your future and your friends.” In his V-neck sweater and with his hair neatly parted on one side, Parmentier looked as if he had stepped out of a brochure for some small American liberal-arts college.
Mr. Sofyan was reassigned to become head of the country’s national planning agency, which is also a cabinet position, replacing Andrinof Chaniago.
His idea of what such leadership entails is a little fuzzy, as he seems to think that political influence and fame are identical, or that they should be.
The production garnered advance publicity round the world, with every performance sold out well ahead of time.
Such haymakers make a bonfire of a fighter’s energy.
“His house is clearly spoiled irreparably.” Mr. Abeygunawardena forged his relationship with Mr. Rajapaksa in the 1980s, when he approached the politician with a prophecy.
In a matchup of the two teams with the best records in the American League, McCullers (4-2) allowed four hits and a run with six strikeouts in seven innings.
Founded outside Boston nearly four decades ago, EMC has been one of the last huge East Coast tech companies.
If yoga and mindfulness had helped him, why shouldn’t they help his employees, and even Aetna’s millions of customers?
THE NOBLE HUSTLE: Poker, Beef Jerky and Death , by Colson Whitehead.
“If we are being used as a dumping ground, this shows the situation is out of hand,” Mr. Hammer said in an interview at his family’s home, a modernized farmhouse.
(They join in the mugging.)
The camper, Glenn Martin, said “ow,” his daughter said, and when his family ran to help him, there was a hole in his shirt and blood pouring from his mouth.
It took a rare procedural gambit — a so-called discharge petition from a bipartisan majority of the House — to wrest a bill from Mr. Hensarling’s committee and send it to the floor, where it ultimately was passed last week.
AOL said the data-driven product lets advertisers see how consumers are reacting to their ads across devices, from smartphones to TV, so they can adjust their spending strategy accordingly.
That has left both countries willing to open their markets wider to trade with the United States, as a way to move further under the American security umbrella.
“SoulCycle and its brand have tapped into the notion of exercise as food for your mind as well as your body.
The looting of Native American sites is particularly egregious given the history, said John Parker, an archaeologist who led efforts to save Anderson Marsh.
But not everyone sees that as a good thing.
The U.S. is bossing the ball.
“It’s never been shown in a large population before that that could be the case,” said Dr. Evan R. Myers, a researcher and a professor of obstetrics and gynecology at the Duke University Medical Center, who wrote an editorial accompanying the study.
The gain included a 0.6 percent increase in residential construction and a 3.1 percent jump in nonresidential activity like office buildings, hotels and shopping centers.
But Vinicios Leoncio is not your normal Brazilian tax lawyer.
A $1 million advertising campaign opposing a nuclear deal with Iran by the Conservative Solutions Project — the nonprofit aligned with Mr. Rubio — gives a hint of what is to come.
The studios allowed Texas A&M to create more content for the SEC Network than any other member of the conference last year.
While Kvitova and Halep are getting their first taste of the quarterfinals in New York, Flavia Pennetta, the 26th seed, is among the final eight here for the sixth time in her last seven appearances.
And long after disc brakes became the method of choice for stopping almost everything that moves quickly, including mountain bikes, riders at the Tour still slow down by squeezing two rubber blocks against the rims of their wheels.
They host meetings with educational networks, superintendents, principals, teachers and philanthropists, reach out to libraries, museums and after-school programs, and identify and connect pioneers in learner-centered education.
Mallory Rego, the first member of her family to attend college, says she now sees that she put too much blind faith in the power of education.
Among thousands of such ads that Mr. Sweeney has placed, he is still awaiting his first response.
The deflated-footballs scandal is also another blow to the N.F.L., coming just months after an embarrassing 2014 season in which several prominent players were arrested in connection with domestic abuse or child abuse and suspended by the league.
Chris Christie of New Jersey; Ben Carson; Senator Ted Cruz of Texas; Gov.
A new study relying on the scanning and radiography of skeletal remains suggests that of the three tombs found on the Great Tumulus hill in the northern Greek town of Vergina, the king is likely to be buried in what is known as Tomb 1 , not Tomb 2.
But for all its deliberate camp and the anachronisms of Anne Carson’s flinty new version (there’s mention early on of catching a cab), the gathering frenzy grips as it must in a story that finds a mother dismembering her own son, and Mr. Whishaw laughing eerily as he commands his chorus of female followers to “craze [the] brain” of Pentheus (Bertie Carvel), Dionysos’ stiff-backed and mortal adversary.
The French jewelry designer Charlotte Chesnais delineates her preliminary ideas in clay, rather than in the form of flat sketches.
But there was no doubt which team Murray would be supporting.
“I do think that religious liberty is the next front in this skirmish in American life and one of the most tragic results we can see is an unrelenting culture war from secular progressives against those who dissent,” said Russell Moore, president of the Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention, in a telephone news conference on Friday.
Rates start at $189 per night at the Alexander Inn, and the list of hotels ranges from the Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown to the Hotel Sofitel Philadelphia.
All three men are white and had goatees at the time.
After the footballs have been put in a steam box to soften the leather and have been stretched, Jim Gatchel turns them outside in.
Research suggests that a minimum wage set as high as $12 an hour will do more good than harm for low-wage workers, but a $15-an-hour national minimum wage would put us in uncharted waters, and risk undesirable and unintended consequences.
In the end, guests could see and hear the couple’s every halting word.
But I guess I started realizing that you could market your music yourself.
The companies said some 70 percent of their revenue stream came from bulk orders from businesses.
scooted out into the hall.
“I think you’re seeing a much greater linking of quality, and an emphasis on it,” he added.
“One Loop at a Time: June Myles’s Hooked Rugs.” Through Oct. 3.
“Instead of solving problems in our classrooms, it is creating new ones,” he said.
She calls it her “substance of choice.” I am living in a small town in Turkey for a year with two Turks who are very good cooks.
But here, when you’re telling so many more, it becomes part of the delight — the ones that go off the rails.” Though his original plan had been to try out the sit-down monologue for the next two weeks and then evaluate whether it was working, Mr. Meyers said he was likely to stick with this new format.
After the White House, he returned to Chicago, his hometown and Mr. Obama’s, then successfully ran for mayor in 2011.
He left the track of his own volition, but it changed the race, as most of the cars made another pit stop.
Ireland was the fastest-growing economy in the eurozone last year, with 4.8 percent growth.
The company said the scarf clashed with its dress code, which called for a “classic East Coast collegiate style.” “This is really easy,” Justice Antonin Scalia said in announcing the decision from the bench.
She ended up in the emergency room aware that four Grizzlies had taken turns raping her.
is well suited to a range of subject matter.
For one West Village co-op, at least, it’s been a kind winter.
“The third set was frustrating, because I got a bit distracted when he, like, fell on the ground after a couple of shots,” Murray said, adding: “That’s what I’m most disappointed about.
To feel that soft popping sensation in the si­nuses, that gradual but inexorable opening of the airways, is to feel the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between yourself and the world, an opening of the borders between the body and the air.
2 at 268 Berkeley Place in Park Slope : This co-op studio has a garden with a Japanese maple, a hydrangea and brick paths edged in hostas.
But the fast-food market has splintered, like many other parts of the economy, into the haves and the have-nots.
They are driven primarily by frustration.
And that ain’t no first impression, neither.
He decried the growth of “a vast and unaccountable administrative apparatus that finds no comfortable home in our constitutional structure.” “The end result may be trains that run on time (although I doubt it),” he added, “but the cost is to our Constitution and the individual liberty it protects.”
They cannibalized their wooden bunks for tunnel support beams and burrowed 30 feet deep to avoid detection by seismographs.
Then there is a looming referendum on whether Britain should stay in the European Union, due by the end of 2017, in which Labour’s role will be important.
Not long ago, any of those shocks would have caused an immediate shutdown of Karachi, a city of 20 million people where Mr. Hussain’s ability to empty the streets at an hour’s notice has long been a sign of his immense influence.
Each of the 30-minute episodes, which were sweet-tempered with an educational element à la “Sesame Street,” had a theme, delivered mostly in songs.
This leaves the reader, at the end, wondering if she has been foolish for taking seriously something that was merely a contrivance all along.
(One of the best-selling recent covers featured the band Rush, which came to fame in the ’70s and ’80s.)
“That’s why you play nine innings.
Co. C 15 U.S. Inf.
Observers often cite 1990 as having the record with nine no-hitters, but one occurred in a rain-shortened game and the other in a road loss, so by M.L.B.’s modern definition of a no-hitter, in which nine innings must be pitched, neither qualifies.
“It is a transformation of media,” said David B. Pakman, a venture capitalist at Venrock who studies the media habits of teenagers in attempts to predict broader industry trends.
The next year, the rate rose to 57 percent.
Any official contemplating selling his office has to be made to know that he will end up not just in prison, but financially ruined, if he does.
“I just couldn’t believe it,” Kiermaier said.
But when she eats at a friend’s house or a restaurant, she cannot be certain that the food is absolutely gluten-free.
They’re the guys that got to go and win every night, and tomorrow they’ve got to get ready to do it again.
Win or lose, Trump has made millions of Americans acutely aware of their dissatisfaction and prepared them to voice their resentment in the voting booth.
“I’ll have to get a little serious.”
The news, he knew, would break her heart; it was already breaking his.
She has been making haystack cookies with her mother since she was a child.
Before the crisis, they carved out a splendid reputational niche as protectors of subdued inflation, low unemployment and steady G.D.P.
Ms. Fleishman attended seniors’ dances in New York City looking for couples whose faces reminded her of her grandparents.
“He has soiled his pad; who’s he going to work with?” Mr. Kurtzer said.
The pre-Depression heyday of thrift was also a heyday for retailing, advertising and consumer acquisition.
“I’m happy it worked out very well.
On Dec. 10, 1967, his private plane had plummeted into a Wisconsin lake.
Participate in our new, twice-monthly Film Club .
Bedsheets are folded automatically in presses.
“The university has fully and comprehensively cooperated with local, state and federal authorities at each step of their investigation and it will continue to do so.”
There is no scenery; and music, alas, is taped.
Service companies in the United States expanded at a slightly slower yet still healthy pace in March, an encouraging sign after multiple reports last week pointed to a slowing economy.
And they have stepped up search-and-rescue operations after intense public pressure stemming from a sharp increase in the deaths of migrants crossing the Mediterranean this year.
“None of the streets in the south or north of the city are secure enough for our security forces to walk on,” he said.
1, and the album had the second-best opening for any title so far this year, behind Drake’s mixtape “If You’re Reading This It’s Too Late,” which had 495,000 sales when it came out in February.
Para ganar en la primera vuelta de octubre, un candidato necesita más del 45 por ciento de los votos, o 40 por ciento con una ventaja de más de 10 puntos.
“Feel free to disagree with somebody,” the president said, “but don’t try to just shut them up.”
We also as visitors expect to have a narrative.”
This season, Sullivan was 18-5-0-0 in his first season as coach of the Penguins’ American Hockey League affiliate in Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, where he replaced John Hynes, who left to coach the Devils (yet another Metropolitan Division connection).
Simmons had a not-so-dandy stint as an analyst on ESPN’s N.B.A.
Pick: Vikings Jaguars (5-9) at Saints (5-9) 4:05 p.m. Line: Saints by 3.5 With his streak of 4,000-yard passing seasons secured, and his team eliminated from playoff contention, there is no reason Drew Brees should try to play on a severely injured foot.
¿De verdad cree que puede hacerlo todo solo?
I don’t think it is just about the clothes we wear.
But because of Federal Communications Commission rules forbidding advertising on public radio, those journalists, who have flocked to podcasts, stayed out of the endorsement business — until the advent of stand-alone podcasts, which are not regulated by the F.C.C.
The World Series had not ended with the tying run on third base in Game 7 since 1962, when the Giants’ Willie McCovey famously lined out to the Yankees’ Bobby Richardson.
“I turn around, and if she’s moving to the music, then I know I got something good,” he said.
“We’ve had a couple of people get locked out of their houses because they’re not used to locking their doors,” said Nick Rock, a service manager at Mac’s Safe and Lock in Plattsburgh.
“If they lost,” Kennedy said, “they felt bad because they let Buddy down.” So imagine the feelings in the clubhouse of these Padres, whose inconsistent play got Black fired on June 15, after more than eight years.
“No one believes it,” said a veteran federal police officer, referring to the government’s account of Mr. Guzmán’s escape.
U.S. markets barely budged , suggesting that Wall Street had simply resumed worrying about the hike’s timing.
In 2007, the Patriots were stripped of a first-round draft pick and fined $250,000 for violating the rules when they videotaped the Jets’ sideline to pick up coaching signals.
Ducks outfielder Lew Ford, who is also the team’s hitting coach, had two hits in Long Island’s 1-0 victory Saturday.
They have won 20 of their past 23, and with two regular-season games to play, they are rounding into form to defend their title.
The chef Martha Ortiz will prepare a dinner featuring the couple’s favorite foods, and guests will visit sites they frequented, including the ancient city of Teotihuacan and the floating gardens of Xochimilco.
In many countries, voters feel the established parties offer no real alternative.
How much damage is done when ammunition is given to deniers?
Just a day earlier, I had walked down the aisle at my high school graduation to receive my diploma with my head held high, convinced that I was finally close to having it all.
I was surprised to see The Times describe professional athletes in a way that detracts from their accomplishment and power.
“I don’t know a lot of the customers,” he said.
The fight was flogged in pure P. T. Barnum style by Showtime, HBO, Mayweather Promotions and Tecate beer.
It’s a continuous rehearsal of looking at the world as if it’s made of paint.” So while critics may chalk his new kind of vision up to failing eyesight, it’s actually far more simple — and profound.
Officials there said they will have visited some 2,900 salons by early August.
He said that his public criticism of Mr. Netanyahu was “fairly spare and mild” but blown up by some who have made “a very concerted effort on the part of some political forces to equate being pro-Israel, and hence being supportive of the Jewish people, with a rubber stamp on a particular set of policies coming out of the Israeli government.” Mr. Obama said he rejected that view.
The amount of coverage does raise the issue of what will happen when the Dalai Lama dies; of course, I’m guilty of joining in the hosannas myself .)
Soon after, she put herself on the “move list,” hoping to ride front row in a sellout class.
They are looking to Texas.” Sometimes I think Mr. Perry was over-reaching.
And, because we had eaten her eggs, parts of Esmeralda lived on in us.
They talked recently by phone.
The vote came during a special session, scheduled to end on June 20, that was called to prepare and vote on a budget.
“Foreign military aircraft to northwest of Yongshu Island, this is the Chinese Navy.
In the 21st century, isn’t it finally time to abolish slavery forever?
“ ‘You need to start spending some money.’ ”
“You look at the condition of the police force and it’s depressing.
Bellow had the material, in abundance, but it’s gone out of fashion.
In recent years, however, ETA started to restrict the flow of movements to the watch companies that compete directly with Swatch-owned brands, which include Omega, Tissot and Longines.
After the New Hampshire primary and the Iowa caucuses, Carolyn Ryan, the Times’s senior editor for politics, will talk with Times reporters about who’s ahead, who’s behind and what we might expect to unfold as we look toward November.
Punctuating the film’s placid surface are mysterious touches of magical realism.
National League FIRST BASE Paul Goldschmidt, Adam Lind SECOND BASE Dee Gordon, Joe Panik, Justin Turner SHORTSTOP Brandon Crawford, Jhonny Peralta THIRD BASE Todd Frazier, Nolan Arenado CATCHER Buster Posey, Francisco Cervelli, Yasmani Grandal OUTFIELD Bryce Harper, Andrew McCutchen, Joc Pederson, Billy Hamilton, Starling Marte, A. J. Pollock, Justin Upton DESIGNATED HITTER Anthony Rizzo PITCHERS Max Scherzer, Jake Arrieta, Madison Bumgarner, A. J. Burnett, Aroldis Chapman, Gerrit Cole, Jacob deGrom, Zack Greinke, Cole Hamels, Clayton Kershaw, Javier Lopez, Mark Melancon, Shelby Miller, Trevor Rosenthal American League FIRST BASE Prince Fielder, Albert Pujols, Mark Teixeira SECOND BASE Jason Kipnis, Brian Dozier SHORTSTOP Jose Iglesias, Brock Holt THIRD BASE Josh Donaldson, Manny Machado, Mike Moustakas CATCHER Stephen Vogt, Russell Martin, Salvador Perez OUTFIELD Mike Trout, Lorenzo Cain, Jose Bautista, Brett Gardner, Adam Jones, J. D. Martinez DESIGNATED HITTER Nelson Cruz, Alex Rodriguez PITCHERS Chris Sale, Chris Archer, Dellin Betances, Zach Britton, Wade Davis, Yovani Gallardo, Sonny Gray, Felix Hernandez, Scott Kazmir, Dallas Keuchel, Darren O’Day, Glen Perkins, David Price ■ The Cincinnati Reds’ Billy Hamilton has not hit like an All-Star, failing to reach base even 30 percent of the time.
Follow our Fashion Week coverage on Twitter and Instagram , and find us on Pinterest here .
One pleasure of watching Mr. Taylor’s dancers is getting to know them over the course of an evening — their gifts, their idiosyncrasies, how they transform from one piece to the next — and the introduction of 16 new faces required some adjusting on the viewer’s part.
“That’s all I’m going to say.
Sure, we know Apple is trying to position the product as an It accessory, but there’s more to it than that: Everyone in fashionland is constantly rabbiting on and on about the search for the new — as in “where is it?” — and Apple thinks it has the answer.
Like so much of Bach’s output, “The Art of Fugue,” the great summation from the end of his life, has no tempo or dynamic markings, no slurs or other suggestions of phrasing, no accents or hints of articulation, no flourishes, almost no ornamentation.
Every year, increasing numbers of children eat or inhale the contents of brightly colored packets of laundry detergent that they mistake for candy or teething toys.
From 10 a.m. to 6 p.m., 1 Dinosaur Way (off Exit 15X of the New Jersey Turnpike), Laurel Hill Park, Secaucus, N.J., 855-999-9010, fieldstationdinosaurs.com.
That failure to halt the sales of fakes has led Alibaba to face “its biggest credibility crisis since it was founded,” the report said.
Officer Van Dyke faces 20 years to life in prison if convicted.
Ms. Agrawal, 35, is keeping her name.
The deal with the New York regulator, Benjamin M. Lawsky, also required the bank to install an independent monitor and dismiss individual employees tied to the case, leading to the resignation of the person in charge of money laundering and sanctions compliance in the bank’s New York office.
The Tampa Bay Rays and the Los Angeles Dodgers have employed a similar strategy, although for different reasons.
Recipes: Sweet and Spicy Fruit Salad | More Fruit Salads
But too often religious believers seem oblivious to Clifford’s admonition and accept things with way too little evidence.
He said he was testifying under a grant of immunity, but said he was receiving no benefits in the other investigation for his testimony in the Skelos case.
She also asked to go to the top of the Empire State Building, where I had never been, and to visit the Statue of Liberty, where I hadn’t been since a day-camp field trip, during the summer after fifth grade.
Now the Congolese Labor Party has had second thoughts, and is seeking to amend the law so that, the opposition says, President Denis Sassou Nguesso will be able to run for a third term.
It was Williams, who had already sat in NBC’s anchor chair for years, and was authoring a much quieter, but no less remarkable transition — the opposite of Stewart’s own.
He is Adam Turchin, not Turchan.
They’ll contain this one.” At the time, I was focused on MERS, Middle East respiratory syndrome, which had killed over 100 people in the Middle East.
According to witnesses, after the attacker stabbed the couple, he entered the store, took a mannequin from its display window, pulled it out by the front door and threw it to the ground, as pedestrians and shoppers dodged in fear.
Various shows Pinacoteca do Estado de São Paulo.
“It’s just such an amazing thing,” said Mayor Steve Thorson.
And they did not trust Aldrich.
At the N.I.H., patients with this kind of TB are usually kept in the hospital for weeks or even months, until sputum tests no longer find the bacteria, indicating that the disease is not contagious anymore, Dr. Fauci said.
Even if meant to be lighthearted, in its casual acceptance of a narrow definition of poetry this article about a poetic newcomer only preserves such narrowness.
And partisanship is a factor: While 76 percent of Democrats and 66 percent of independents support same-sex marriage, support drops to 34 percent among Republicans.
— Adeel Hassan Sterling Morrison gave up rock ’n’ roll stardom with Lou Reed’s Velvet Underground to enter graduate studies in the English department at the University of Texas.
The Word of the Day and its definitions have been provided by Vocabulary.com and the Visual Thesaurus .
The report, by the Office of Financial Research, however, said overall risks to stability remained “moderate.” Banks, too, are taking larger risks, according to a semiannual report published on Wednesday by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.
In reality, he says, “They are building something, and large parts of the economy haven’t adapted to it yet.” While Andreessen Horowitz receives a lot of attention for flashy investments like Facebook and Skype, Mr. Dixon says that 30 percent of his firm’s deals are in now-obscure businesses that will turn out to be important in the new industrial landscape.
“The thrill for me is that they see leadership of the institution as that important that they wanted to be associated with that as opposed to a building,” Mr. Conforti said in a telephone interview.
Recently one of his students asked him if he had heard of Instagram.
“We are surprised markets seem more interested in the acknowledgment of the (obvious) near-term downside inflation risks.” But investors are increasingly skeptical.
As he assessed the legacy of Mr. Pinckney, the specter of derelict dads didn’t loom so large.
Mexico wants only vehicles with around 65 percent of their components made in the T.P.P.
Surrender Shock to People But with all their misery, people had no idea how near the nation was to defeat.
They have cut a deal to mollify an outspoken critic and enlisted the help of the former Massachusetts congressman Barney Frank, an architect of Wall Street’s regulatory overhaul.
People on the Internet did not entirely share in her joy, instead pointing out that Mr. Valladares Navas had put himself, his friends, his fiancée and everyone on the highway in danger.
One essay remembers the ­movement, which she names ­“Non-Revolution,” as if it were a lover, with “this odd patch of hair on its lower back”: “I wanted to be with ­Non-Revolution and everyone Non-Revolution was with.” Her last poem, “Turnt” (as in “turned up”: excited or intoxicated), recreates a violent night when she and her friends were “turnt to mere vandals at moments.” At others, they saw — and she can make us see — a new world: “We were together but we were in it alone at the same time.
The assigned staff is, for the moment, minimal, with the former dancer and film producer Dimitri Chamblas as artistic director, and only one other full-time staff member.
“I rolled over here on a truck and I was the only Crip, and everybody else was Bloods, and they didn’t do anything to me,” he said.
And if you live in the state where the bond was issued, the interest may be exempt from state and local income taxes as well.
COMMUTE • Subway and PATH • Railroads : L.I.R.R., Metro-North , N.J.
Perhaps in acknowledgment, Shepard has included six ­pages detailing the bibliographic sources on which he has drawn in creating “The Book of Aron.” Readers familiar with Shepard, whose interests are various in the extreme (guillotines, Dutch flood management, special effects in the Japanese movies of the 1950s), will also be familiar with such bibliographies, but this one is, of necessity, impressively extensive.
There wasn’t much Mr. Raebel could do to bail him out.
Americans have seen a great deal of progress in civil rights over the last fifty years.
The Boston Herald first reported the move.
(Schwendener) Museum of Modern Art: ‘Design and Violence’ (continuing) Described on the museum’s website as a “curatorial experiment,” “Design and Violence” was and is an exhibition that exists almost entirely on the Internet.
After years as an open-wheel star in the IndyCar Series, where she became the first woman to win a major race and finished as high as third in the Indianapolis 500, Patrick has struggled to adjust to the heavier Nascar stock cars.
He and his friends were given special blue tickets and buttons that read, “May the Force Be With You.” After the movie was over, he said, he felt the world had changed and he tried to get that special ticket back as a souvenir but it had already been torn up.
Upstream Gallery, 8 Main Street.
Ann Kansfield , the Fire Department’s first lesbian chaplain, for breaking barriers.
As Cheyenne Jackson closed his eyes and crooned “Falling Slowly” with an unwavering intensity on Tuesday evening at Café Carlyle, this great ballad from “Once” never sounded more profound and mysterious.
We have not selected the interior designer.
• Saudi Arabia’s checkbook diplomacy was revealed in documents released by WikiLeaks.
Mr. Peltz is likely to put more pressure on G.E.’s chief, Jeffrey R. Immelt, to raise the company’s stock price, which has lingered around $25 to $26 for the last two years.
Their wives and children were hungry and half clothed and organization meant food and clothes for them, and I knew they were better organized drunk than unorganized sober.” A leftist journalist who was on the platform with Mother Jones, John Spargo, disputed that quotation in a letter to the editor .
Such things happen, Ishaqzai said.
You need a good doctor.
When Edwin took his first steps, he suffered the first of the bone fractures that have been a constant in his life.
Foreign and overseas policy — Macmillan’s trip to Moscow, the failed Paris summit, the Future Policy Committee, visits to London by Presidents Eisenhower and Kennedy, the Skybolt and Polaris nuclear weapons systems, even the Cuban missile crisis — figure very little if at all in “Modernity Britain.” But that’s to miss the point of Kynaston’s approach.
Here on Saturday, they again were in hot pursuit of a national title — a 10th that would build on a record nine — while blowing out Texas, 105-54, in the N.C.A.A.
That means the Iraqi military must finish clearing pockets of Islamic State resistance out of Ramadi, turn it over to a holding force of Sunni tribal fighters and move swiftly to the next stages in the war.
“Let me give you the name of a good souvlaki place,” he continued, and motioned for the waiter to bring another round of wine.
To the Editor: Re “ A New Cuban Exodus ” (editorial, Dec. 21): Few people are aware of the swelling migratory movement that the “new Cuban exodus” represents in the Americas, and the growing humanitarian and economic challenge that Costa Rica faces in caring for these people, who are stuck in our country for reasons that have nothing to do with Costa Rica.
Boyer It’s like going to the gym every night, if you cried at the gym.
The freshman center Jahlil Okafor, with his balletic offensive footwork and soft hands, will make that four years in a row.
Others roundly criticize the mayor as the root of the problem.
Marching bands, floats and dancers will make their way down Fifth Avenue, from East 86th to 65th Street, from noon to 2 p.m.
“Come on, Dad,” he said.
The market salad was forgettable: long on shaved vegetables and short on flavor.
His goal was also his 278th in La Liga.
BERNARDSVILLE Studio 7 Fine Art Gallery “Eye of the Beholder,” landscapes.
Avery Bradley scored 23 points, Isaiah Thomas added 21 points and 13 assists, and the visiting Boston Celtics halted the Charlotte Hornets’ four-game winning streak with a 98-93 victory on Saturday night.
With a little planning and a little bit of luck, this can happen to you on your next flight.
It’s great to have him around.” Iginla, whose father is Nigerian, has been a trailblazer in hockey.
Uber could also restructure its relationship — going through companies that hire workers or contractors.
Related 6 Q’s About the News | California’s Extreme Drought, Explained Guest Post | Climate Change Questions for Young Citizen Scientists Teaching About Climate Change With The New York Times
Against Maryland, Conine played 65 minutes in a double-overtime game and repeatedly headed the ball.
European authorities have agreed to disburse $8.4 billion in fresh funds to Greece, allowing the country to keep paying its bills in the coming months.
“They are killing ordinary people,” he said.
Player ratings, from 1 (diabolical) to 10 (world class): STARTING LINEUP Nick Rimando: The Real Salt Lake goalkeeper was hung out to dry on Bendtner’s first goal but probably could have made a play on the initial cross that resulted in Denmark’s second.
There will be so many stories to tell.
Congress will begin reviewing the Iran nuclear deal that has already deeply divided Republican leaders who were ready to reject it before its details were concluded and Democrats — many of them skeptical — who are willing to hear out President Obama’s pitch.
“Freddie Gray didn’t have to die!” A few blocks from City Hall, their chants gathered volume as they echoed in the cavernous space between downtown buildings.
Even if the accord is voted down by one or both houses, he could veto that action, and he is likely to have the votes he would need to override the veto.
Since it was founded in the 1960s, the Marxist-inspired group has justified its use of violence as a means to combat the country’s entrenched inequality.
The complaint says that from late 2010 through 2012, Senator Skelos pressured Glenwood to direct commissions to his son.
If it is always night for them, they stay quiet.
It afforded Ms. Redmond Satran’s family the chance to move to Montclair, which was attractive for its school system, she said.
Chris Christie were arraigned on charges that they were in on the truly deranged plot to block traffic leading onto the George Washington Bridge.
So of course he wants to militarize any disagreement.
“I’m not a great dresser, I don’t have an awesome art collection, I don’t actually have great taste,” he said.
“There is a solution, there will be a solution,” Mr. Papadopoulos said.
Then a BBC television program featured the story of his rescues, and the publicity went worldwide.
The gunmen are believed to be members of a gang who may have fired their weapons “to take revenge” on a rival group, said David-Olivier Reverdy, the spokesman for a police union in Marseille.
When I returned to see him win the primary in May, his supporters were on Twitter declaring his margin the #randslide.
“We have to make the things that we create.” Besides delivering one more stump speech, candidates who visit the fair are able to mingle casually with Iowans and show off a human side not always evident on the campaign trail.
Visiting Oklahoma State, Texas Tech gained 624 yards on offense, scored 53 points and lost.
Mr. Obama, who met Pope Francis at the Vatican in March 2014 and shares some of the same concerns about income inequality and the environment even if they disagree on abortion rights and same-sex marriage, will host the pope at the White House for a formal arrival ceremony on the South Lawn.
At one point, he said, she sat him down and told him: “It’s not going to be easy.
(Chinen) ★ Gregory Porter (Saturday) Mr. Porter is a jazz singer of thrilling presence, a booming baritone with a gift for earthy refinement and soaring uplift.
Donald Trump‘s call to bar Muslims from entering the U.S. may have been his most effective remark yet in getting him attention.
Even if you don’t receive Obamacare subsidies, you could still be harmed by the Supreme Court case that could take them away.
“Lives were changed forever yesterday,” she said.
Ward’s fast-paced new novel explores the crisis at the border from the alternating perspectives of two characters: Carla is an 11-year-old who was left in Honduras when her mother immigrated to Texas, and Alice is a 40-something in Austin who runs a famous barbecue joint with her husband, Jake.
“There’s going to be a huge influx of money to the art market there.
“Maybe it’s the right time, maybe it’s the right place.” Of course, the project still has its detractors.
ST. 65, FLA. GULF COAST 60 Victoria Vivians scored 15 points, Morgan William added 14, and No.
Stocks had a mixed day Friday, as investors waited for negotiators to finish their work on a solution to Greece’s debt problems .
The combination of the drivers Felipe Massa and Valtteri Bottas proved to be another inspired strong point of the team, and should again be one of its strengths this year.
Russia submitted a similar claim in 2002, but the United Nations rejected it for lack of scientific support.
Simultaneously, the city is spending $32 million to improve the look of Stapleton streets as well as create a leafy three-and-a-half acre esplanade that will rim the harbor’s edge, like that of Battery Park City in Manhattan.
Toronto was leading by three runs at the time, but as Goins and Jose Bautista converged in shallow right field, Goins suddenly stopped chasing the ball.
Last week, Jeray, 45, went to the L.P.G.A.’s annual qualifying tournament for the 22nd year, competing against a field that included 21 players younger than 22.
Mr. Fairchild returned to New York in 1960, took over as WWD’s publisher and set about making changes.
SARA MEARNS AGE: 28 When Ms. Mearns was cast as Odette/Odile in “Swan Lake” in January 2006, she was just 18 and unknown to most ballet fans.
The news, first reported by Marion Maneker of Art Market Monitor, comes after the November auctions in New York, in which Sotheby’s gained back market share, having trailed Christie’s in the most competitive area of postwar and contemporary art.
For others with insomnia, melatonin has more modest benefits.
I used to like that.
We feel like slugs when we can’t exercise.
This provided a compelling way to monitor both the social and technical aspects of the project but establishing the structures to employ the homeless through government models has been challenging, Bucknum says: “Despite this amazing social infrastructure prototype, we have not found funding outside of initial government grants for construction, from the private sector.” Our country is confronting so many issues that feel intractable, from homelessness to inequality, climate change to immigration.
Years later, those divisions have only worsened, and they opened the door for the Islamic State militant group to seize large areas of Iraq’s Sunni heartland, creating a physical partition of Iraq that mirrored its sectarian differences.
My aunt was schizophrenic, and she had a very tough life.
All my movies have been a cry for help, a cry for acceptance of difference.” “Mommy,” filmed almost claustrophobically in the perfect-square shape of 1:1 aspect ratio, conversely centers on saucy, sexy and tough-loving Diane, nicknamed Die.
Perhaps the best left-handed starter in the organization was doing the same thing about 1,500 miles to the east, at a ballpark in downtown Memphis that has often hosted college baseball games and is named for an auto parts retailer.
His return, as a force at designated hitter in the middle of his lineup, has lifted his team into playoff position.
MARSDEN McGUIRE PAULA SCHNURR Washington, Jan. 23, 2015 Dr. McGuire is deputy chief consultant, mental health standards of care, at the V.A.
Hofstra Jazz Ensemble, traditional and contemporary jazz for big band and vocal jazz quartet.
“That was the way it should be.
Whether anyone would want to live next door to a person like Britton is a different matter than whether her lifestyle should be criminalized.
And the French government doesn’t seem to know how to halt this destructive process.
But the latest burst of activity has put on clear display the frenzied pace of investors, who are eager to catch the next blockbuster company like Facebook.
STAFFORD SPRINGS The Stafford Palace Theater The Blushing Brides, Rolling Stones tribute band.
Ms. Ortiz, who was briefly homeless as a child, can now visit her family in Burlington, Vt. Cody Boorman, 22, who handles operations out of his eastern Washington home, said he and his wife finally felt financially secure enough to start a family.
The topic could be either trivial or important.
So are those who have transitioned from men the only “legitimate” women left?
• Ferries : Staten Island Ferry , New York Waterway , East River Ferry • Airports : La Guardia , J.F.K.
“Climate change is not a problem for another generation, not anymore,” Mr. Obama said in a video posted on Facebook at midnight Saturday.
Yael Averbuch, a native of Montclair, N.J., is a midfielder for F.C.
Until recently, restaurants have been loath to do this themselves; they may be too busy, or they may be too proud to tell the world that they are not as full as everybody assumes.
Be Electric is also the site of “Seeking Space,” the official group exhibition of Bushwick Open Studios and the result of an open call for submissions from local artists.
Peace in our homes, our families, our schools and our communities.
In a news release, Officer Hartman wrote, “This case is being investigated as a homicide although there is no indication yet as to where the homicide or dismemberments occurred.”
“And we’re moving forward in a way that we can negotiate each item separately.” During his first term, Mr. Cuomo displayed a knack for compromise with an eye toward reforming what he saw as a dysfunctional state government, a change he sees as perfectly illustrated by four on-time budgets passed during his first four years in office.
Elliott Walden, who since 2010 has been the president and chief executive of WinStar, which owns 25 percent of Pioneerof the Nile, said last week that he was unsure how much it would jump.
(In the 10 months that Yodlee has been public, the company’s shares have fallen more than 6 percent.)
Instead, golf’s newest major champion is a resolutely humble, soft-spoken Texan whose version of iconoclastic flamboyance on Sunday was a dark belt with white pants.
The hematologist following her APS sent off the labs that had been abnormal the year before.
First presented in 1992, the award is typically given to a pop artist and a classical musician.
In the most recent annual accounting by the homeless services agency, the length of stay in shelters rose.
Iranian officials, including the foreign minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif, insisted that it was nothing more than the country’s attempt to enforce a civil court judgment for unpaid cargo.
Mary Crowe, who was sitting on a park bench in Chicago, said she felt as if nothing was improving.
Tough week for the House Republicans.
Competition in the pets’ parade, on Sunday, will focus on those “most creatively dressed” in the large and small pet categories.
It has occupied a sleepy cubbyhole on Suffolk Street for nearly 13 years, and Ms. Kizawa has specialized in cooking her own overtly maternal version of Japanese comfort food.
“You need to take the salt between all of your fingers, and then you have to make sure that your hand moves slowly around the plate to apply it,” he said.
Now he will try to return there with the Giants, who signed him to a six-year contract on Monday, pending the results of a physical exam.
“If you had a cocktail shaker and you put this Cézanne and this van Gogh in, you’d get this work,” Mr. Rutten during a recent walk through the exhibition.
INDIANS 6, RAYS 2 Danny Salazar pitched two-hit ball for seven and two-thirds innings, and Cleveland backed him with three home runs to win at Tampa Bay.
Though the new app is undoubtedly an improvement, it remains an unremarkable, if useful, complement to the larger system.
So why does “Marco,” as this episode is called, feel like a letdown?
Thank God, finally,” said Yogendra Yadav, a senior strategist for the Aam Aadmi Party.
Some of the creditors’ new stipulations, such as increasing some consumer taxes to 23 percent, may prove challenging to enforce, said Panagiotis Nikoloudis, Greece’s tax czar.
The available evidence points to the fact that there appears to be a correlation between sugar consumption and health problems; none can be detected with artificial sweeteners.
• U.S. and China come together.
This is not the word in the edition issued by the estimable firm of Jonathan Cape and Harrison Smith that had been handed down to me.
Of course, finding singers who can really sing the piece is not easy.
1 East 70th Street, Manhattan; 212-288-0700, frick.org.
He cared little whether the pieces were fashionable.
The programs share a belief that law enforcement alone cannot eliminate violence among young people.
“But he’s popular in the church crowd.” Chief Justice Moore’s office is decorated with a wooden plaque of the commandments, along with a portrait of George Washington and a photograph of Jefferson Davis, the president of the Confederacy.
Some clutch their knees or a stuffed animal.
“As a matter of fact,” the former senator said, “both my wife and I are big supporters.”
“In the heat of the ALS ice bucket challenge, he decided he’d be the first stroke survivor to ride across America,” Mr. Lacey said.
In those contests, though, both teams were trying to lose, setting up an almost comic display of intentional futility.
His biggest concern is the inspection regime, which falls short of “anytime, anywhere,” once promised by administration negotiators.
Basically, the “nation of takers” narrative, according to which we have been pouring ever-growing sums into helping the poor while making no dent in the poverty rate.
Twice a year they put on a show, “Dances by Very Young Choreographers,” with costumes and music (of their own choosing) and professional lighting at New York Live Arts in Chelsea.
You mess up a lot, so that’s frustrating, too.
Freed to roam forward by Coach Jill Ellis for the second game in a row, she did just that: teasing, fighting, scrapping and, in the end, scoring.
“Fortunately, my form of lymphoma is highly curable and my doctors’ and my own expectation is that I will be cured,” he said in the statement.
Failure to make that payment could make it impossible for the central bank to continue providing emergency liquidity assistance that has kept Greek banks afloat.
Several players said they dedicated the championship to him.
Fugger was born in 1459 into a family of prosperous merchants in the commercial city of Augsburg.
“The light had to be on constantly,” Mr. Taper said.
The program immerses high school men of color in coding, web and app design, team building and other skills intended to give them a leg up in the tech economy.
Wiry and intense, Mr. Kazarian can come across as slightly offbeat.
She yearned to silence forever all of the naysaying about her stewardship of Hewlett-Packard, to be validated by voters, to have the final say.
This week, Representative Jared Polis, a Colorado Democrat, and Representative Luke Messer, an Indiana Republican, are expected to introduce a federal student digital privacy bill, modeled in part on the California statute.
“They’re not machines.” Ms. Raymundo, the county health department director, declined to offer many details of the attack.
He was bidding on, and winning, two trucks at once.
We need not fear Google’s self-driving car.
The Museum of Modern Art prizes its “Water Lilies,” by Monet, who painted many versions of them in his garden at Giverny, a short train ride from Paris.
By doing this, Congress has handed over a sacred Native American site to a foreign-owned company for what may be the first time in our nation’s history.
We’ve counted out that we’ve built or we have in design or construction over 10,000 residential units in New York since we started in 1994.
What results, under Bruce McCarty’s somewhat indulgent direction, is a strange and not exactly persuasive compound of facile thriller and earnest, insubstantial meditation on freedom and exile.
INTERNATIONAL An article on Tuesday about the release of five women’s rights activists who had been detained in China for weeks after trying to start a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation misattributed, in some editions, a comment posted on a website, ChinaChange.org, that was part of an interview with Wang Zheng, an associate professor of history and women’s studies at the University of Michigan.
To me, “The Iron Ministry” is a more interesting movie partly because, for all its immediacy, it allows you a certain analytic distance from its subject.
That’s why I’ve always done this.
Sitting beside her during an interview, Brian Christensen — her childhood coach, now more an adviser and friend — said he actually favored Neel’s turning pro.
I’m a sucker for these things.” SHIRLEY TEMPLE COLLECTION Shirley Temple, who died last year at 85, stored away tap shoes, dresses, dolls and memorabilia from her childhood days as a movie star.
Earlier in his career, as an ABC executive, he helped discover seminal shows like “Happy Days.” Now, as owner of the Tornante Company, which he founded after leaving Disney in 2005, Mr. Eisner sees opportunity in an area that’s considered television’s biggest backwater: original shows aired by local stations, mostly during the day.
He accused Greece’s lenders of subjecting the country to “Machiavellian tactics and slow torture” over five months of negotiations.
Campaign finance laws aren’t usually changed until after scandals like Watergate, or when incumbents feel threatened by a new tactic (Congress quickly required disclosure after so-called 527 committees ran TV ads in the 2000 presidential primary season).
In a little-noticed recent opinion , a distressed debt trader came awfully close to undermining the basis for the repo safe harbors.
Cynthia Graffeo, the director of client relations at Argo Real Estate, suggests that you ask management to let you sign a form, releasing the company from liability should the food or flowers spoil before you collect them.
And on Burnside Avenue in the Bronx on Tuesday morning, Leyni Soto relished sipping from a Red Bull in a brown paper bag.
This contractions move the viscera down as well, causing the abdomen to expand outward with each breath.
David Price left no doubt about his worthiness as Detroit’s opening-day starter, coming within one out of a complete game in the Tigers’ 4-0 win over the visiting Minnesota Twins on Monday.
In one study in Washington State, starlings feasted on crane fly larvae but reduced the total by only 7 percent , though other studies have found them to be locally effective.
The answer is depressingly simple.
“Every woman has to make her challah a little different from the others, so that she can identify it when it comes out of the oven,” Mr. Scheft said.
The project was audacious: a three-act ballet of a Shakespeare play, a difficult one that had never been adapted that way before.
Some of the floors were covered with plywood.
A study of regulations for mortgage brokers , for instance, found that states with licensed brokers did not enjoy fewer foreclosures but did suffer more expensive mortgages.
“Do you accept Section 8?” “Um,” the woman replied.
A big, bluff man with soulful eyes and a vast, wayward nose that seemed to meander in several directions at once, Mr. Molinaro appeared born to play comedy.
The text he cites is the chronicle of how a people, shocked into seeking to thwart the evil decree, wind up using the excuse of preemption to justify vengeful, rampaging violence.
A 2004 news release from the attorney general’s office that announced the first wave of cases said the state would be assisted by “a group of experienced outside counsel.” Jeffrey Jacobson, a top adviser to Mr. Hoffman, said in an interview last April with Law360, “In these big-stakes cases like the $9 billion Exxon trial, New Jersey should and will be happy that we had those outside partners working with us.” During the damages trial, John Sacco, an official with the Department of Environment Protection, testified about the rationale for using outside firms.
A freight train idled nearby as police officers investigated the scene.
We have the confidence in each other, as well as Coach.
The narrative arc of J.
Mr. Grisham is the more outspoken, to the point that the word “soapbox” actually figures in “Rogue Lawyer” when Rudd mercifully promises that he’ll try not to overuse his.
“He’s really sort of taken off,” said Mark A. Godsey , a professor at the University of Cincinnati College of Law and an authority on wrongful convictions, who directs the Ohio Innocence Project and got to know Mr. Volz after his Nicaragua imprisonment.
Cava, mostly from the Penedès region of northeastern Spain, is made in the same manner as Champagne, but with different grapes.
The United States Attorney’s Office for the Eastern District of New York, which brought the FIFA case, declined to comment on whether its investigation had uncovered any evidence related to Concacaf’s suit.
“I’m very happy because I hope nobody goes through what I went through,” Mr. Lora said on Friday.
It would do nothing to stop the European Union or United Nations from lifting its sanctions, or the president from waiving sanctions imposed by executive action.
■ Vladimir Ruzicka, the Czech Republic ice hockey coach, has resigned after allegations by parents that he demanded money to give their sons a chance of playing when he was in charge of the Slavia Prague club.
They clog the ballot, warp the debate and confuse the voters.
Playing an intrepid Victorian monster hunter who communes with the dead and is, inconveniently, semi-possessed by a nasty Egyptian goddess, Ms. Green throws her huge eyes open wide and writhes, jerks and gibbers with spine-tingling grace and gravity.
“Everything is tentative right now,” Alderson said.
The Seahawks also blew such games in 2003 against Baltimore and 2004 against St. Louis, losing in overtime as well.
Aimed at mom-and-pop merchants, the $10 plastic device plugged into a smartphone or tablet and, with an app, processed credit card swipes from customers.
The homelessness visible on the streets “is not something that, from what I have seen, is in any way driving crime,” said Dermot F. Shea, the deputy commissioner who oversees the Police Department’s CompStat crime-analysis efforts.
“Imagine yourself sitting there about to go and play a test match and Richie McCaw is sitting next to you.
If the yardstick is effectiveness, and it must be, no conceivable alternative even comes close.
But setting the opening scene in a graveyard also seems appropriate for how it telegraphs the rest of the episode’s tenor and mood, which are as dark and bleak as anything from the first two seasons.
LOS ANGELES Before we get to your surfer colleagues, consider two morsels of big-picture context.
Es una de las grandes películas de la década pasada: juguetona, erudita, graciosa, intrigante y descabellada.
I was her only visitor.
Despite the run, Greinke showed off exactly why he was so good all season by settling down after Murphy’s big hit and striking out Yoenis Cespedes and Lucas Duda to end the inning.
Wouldn’t you like to work on Coke?” Peggy asks, and indeed that’s where the episodes in my mind will take me.
Expect more of the same.
The current level of inflation, which International Monetary Fund economists have termed “lowflation,” is too weak for comfort and far below the European Central Bank’s target of just under 2 percent.
We have been doing a branding campaign, and the branding has been “real estate for real people.” Q. It’s a market that hasn’t been upmost in the minds of developers, who see more profits in luxury.
John Mozeliak, the Cardinals’ general manager, confirmed the decision to the newspaper but did not elaborate.
The last time he had come face to face with Mr.
“They’re paying, so they’re calling the shots,” Mr. Beahm said.
In August, Mr. Grange signed a memorandum of understanding with two senior officials in the Libyan transitional government to provide “humanitarian assistance, medical services and disaster mitigation,” along with helping to train a new national police force.
For the time being, emerging markets will keep playing a waiting game.
He did allow that he might support a Muslim as a member of Congress in certain cases.
She was nominated for an Olivier award for her performance.
This is a very difficult topic — we do, sadly, lose characters on a regular basis; it’s a part of our show.
A truck driver wrote he takes their food with him on the road; a woman said that her husband is now cooking with her, because TK’s prose makes him laugh.
As the actor John C. Reilly, who has played the Columbus with his band, John Reilly and Friends, explained in an email, having musicians run a concert hall is “sort of like the inmates running the asylum.
— to reimmerse myself in the superlative performances.
Still, the campaign’s effort to isolate Israel economically — even if it has yet to show any practical impact — has struck a nerve among many American Jews.
That put all the focus — all the responsibility, the pressure, the animosity and the noise — on James, and it stayed there until he bounded off the court inside a quiet arena.
Her father, Richard Scerbo, worked in pharmaceutical advertising, and her mother, the former Mary Zebrowski, was a teacher and interior designer.
“They paid all the shops on the other side of the street but not on this side.” Still, Mr. Mencattelli admitted: “I’ll go see the movie.
“But he was actually trying to change my religion, telling me what was in the Quran.
If you offend a patient, you may never see her again.
The monuments include a bronze statue of Gen. Robert E. Lee in a traffic circle, named Lee Circle, in the city’s central business district since 1884, and an obelisk in the French Quarter to recognize the Battle of Liberty Place.
Martinez was honored at Fenway as the Red Sox retired his jersey two days after he was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame.
People who haven’t lived their whole lives as women, whether Ms. Jenner or Mr. Summers, shouldn’t get to define us.
Under the White House proposal, the founder’s estate would have to pay income tax on the disposition of the stock at a rate of 28 percent upon death, raising (in this example) about $56 million in revenue.
(Want to get this briefing by email?
By the third offense, the offender’s picture will live there permanently.
Our walls were uneven and always in need of being painted, which the Housing Preservation Department did occasionally.
Last year, it was down 1.6 percent for the year.
The release of the men could re-energize the militant group, providing an influx of vetted leaders at a crucial time, terrorism experts say.
The closest thing to a “normal thing” is the failures of Continental Illinois or Washington Mutual.
The challenges will be manifold, including his intent to remain a paid adviser to Nike.
All together, it’s complex stuff and catches a major artist in the process of synthesizing different aspects of his work, old and new.
Reading on-screen tempts us to see things only through the pinhole of our immediate curiosity.
The death knell for the deal came on Wednesday when Jonathan Sallet, general counsel of the F.C.C., met with staff members.
In many cases, their successors now struggle with updating their companies, which were largely built in a world of personal computers and packaged software, for one of mobile devices, cloud computing, sensors and software everywhere.
RIP Mr King & thanks for all the Great Music!!
After months of delays, jury selection ended late Tuesday in the trial of James E. Holmes, who is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 during a shooting rampage at a Colorado movie theater.
For about a week and a half, the Nets had subverted outside expectations, making the series — a matchup of the top and bottom seeds in the Eastern Conference — closer than anticipated.
Generally speaking, the famous Coke jingle is ironic here, in part because we now know that soda has contributed to a host of health problems, from diabetes to obesity (no matter how delicious it may be).
Foreign funds were opposed because the shares are only readily available in Japan.
No one disputes Ms. Lynch’s experience or accomplishments.
He said his client, Ms. Leonard, had been helpless to stop the violence, as congregants in thrall to church leaders watched as the brothers were beaten.
The typhoon made landfall near Zhoushan, a city of 1.1 million in Zhejiang, with wind speeds of about 100 miles an hour.
He had coached a girls’ team from Clyde River at the Arctic Winter Games in 2002, at age 19.
Mr. Laslau predicted that it would not be until the 2020s that solid-state batteries would begin to reach their full technological potential and make an impact on the market.
Johnson found only one fairway on his second nine Friday and 12 in two rounds.
I know that my speech has been the subject of much controversy.
And although they are clearly making progress in the wake of a season to forget, their lapses cost them Wednesday night in a 96-86 loss to the Cavaliers at Quicken Loans Arena The Knicks (2-3) were undone late by foul trouble, poor transition defense and lackluster shooting.
A. It’s vital, and I see it has a matter of respect.
• Following in his footsteps.
In Oakland, the O’Valles say they are the first of their friends to give turf a try.
“It’s a gossamer thread and we remain sanguine.” Mr. Gimpel said his family had reached restitution agreements on two other artworks that had belonged to his grandfather, including a Gainsborough portrait, “Portrait of Mrs Elizabeth Edgar,” that was sold at Sotheby’s in London in December for about $31,400 including buyer’s premium.
It is about 142 miles, not 42 miles.
Sundays, July 5 through Sept. 6 at 7:30 p.m. $15.
The Bushwick Starr, 207 Starr Street, Bushwick, Brooklyn, 866-811-4111, thebushwickstarr.org.
What impressed Mr. Berezovsky most about the auditorium was its adaptability.
The foods we Americans eat while watching sports are rarely the ones eaten by those playing it.
Oct. 3 at 8 p.m. $55.
Similar struggles could take place at scores of other companies, leading to layoffs and losses for banks and investors.
Dmitri Dolgov, head of software for Google’s Self-Driving Car Project, said that one thing he had learned from the project was that human drivers needed to be “less idiotic.” On a recent outing with New York Times journalists, the Google driverless car took two evasive maneuvers that simultaneously displayed how the car errs on the cautious side, but also how jarring that experience can be.
By midmorning, Hana’s shoulder and back ached, and she was thirsty — there was never enough water.
Abrons Arts Center, 466 Grand Street, at Pitt Street, Lower East Side, 866-811-4111, abronsartscenter.org.
Both Eameses spent most of their time in the studio, and regarded their home life as inseparable from their work.
The pair rose through the ranks of the Shabab until both men died in early 2012.
Greek leaders may need at least a general promise of debt relief from creditors in order to win parliamentary approval for any deal.
to submit a proposal for damages, which are expected to be about $500 million.
Adelphi University Performing Arts Center, 1 South Avenue.
Laden now attacks me as a “denialist” by implying I question both the reality of greenhouse-driven climate change and its severity: It is on the severity question that his “zero room” for debate meme fails.
Why did you decide to use only drums in the score?
“I learned that by watching how successful President Obama was” using a teleprompter, she said.
), which wants to break up Britain.
Barclays said on Tuesday that the head of its credit card business was leaving the lender this year to “pursue a new professional challenge.” Valerie Soranno Keating, the chief executive of the Barclaycard business, joined Barclays in June 2009 after a 16-year career with American Express and eight years at the management consulting firm A.T. Kearney.
At 8 p.m., Miller Theater, Broadway at 116th Street, Morningside Heights, 212-854-7799, millertheatre.com.
The Tank, 151 West 46th Street, eighth floor, Manhattan; 800-838-3006, thetanknyc.org.
Schaller is rigorous in his method, treating each palette as a clinical specimen.
They were patting themselves on the back for the losses we took: `Oh, it could’ve been so much worse.’ There’s a great deal of frustration.” She added: “Most members don’t want to come to caucus or whip meetings.
In Gapun, an isolated village in Papua New Guinea, children are encouraged to hit dogs and chickens, and to raise knives at siblings.
Last March, the CyberBerkut group claimed responsibility for taking down three NATO websites in a series of distributed denial of service attacks, in which servers are flooded with traffic until they collapse.
On Friday the conductor Charles Dutoit takes Berlioz, Saint-Saëns, Stravinsky and Ravel to Brooklyn’s Prospect Park (on the Long Meadow ball fields), bringing the urbane violinist Renaud Capuçon along for the ride.
Macro hedge funds have lost 0.6 percent so far this year, compared with 2.2 percent for the broader industry index and 2.7 percent for the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index.
At trial, she told the court that the North Korean consulate had instructed her to spy, and said that she had handed over her data to a Communist agent in a stadium in Seoul where she went to watch a women’s soccer match between the two Koreas in 2013.
The essay is a follow-up to one Dr. Frieden wrote for the journal for World AIDS Day 10 years ago, when he was New York City’s health commissioner.
Your Holiness, you have been celebrated as the first Pope from the Americas.
PROXIMITY-AWARE TECH When I walk into my local shopping mall, I get an alert on my iPhone prompting me to turn on the app for the nearby Zara clothing store.
Mr. Dubovoy said his plans for the school year might include lobbying for a certificate in jazz studies, drawing on elements of the program at Princeton, where students qualify after completing four related courses, taking part in educational outreach and performing in one of the music department’s jazz groups.
In a real sense, Britain’s push now for a “golden era” with China, as Mr. Cameron put it, is in direct competition with Germany and, to a lesser degree, France, a country that has been generally more outspoken in its criticism of China.
And we do not make changes simply because they are requested; we need to assess whether they add new information or are relevant, given the space and focus of the story.
It’s as if you’ve entered a scene from Christopher Nolan’s movie “Inception.” Canada, 333 Broome Street, between Bowery and Chrystie Street, Lower East Side, 212-925-4631, canadanewyork.com.
Ellen longs to go to bed with Betty, while Betty wants to run away with Harry, and Harry is going at it with Joshua and with little Edward (who plays with dolls), while Clive finds his bliss beneath Mrs. Saunders’s capacious skirts.
Mutations that gave people extra amylase helped them survive, and those mutations spread because of natural selection.
An unattractive extension was constructed on land immediately behind Northgate Street.
Hosmer hit a 3-2 pitch from Trevor Bauer (8-8) over the wall in right for his 11th homer.
Both appear frequently on the lecture circuit; you can almost see the ­PowerPoint peeking out from beneath their prose.
The most striking quality of the Sibelius cycle that ran at the Barbican was the sheer grandeur of the Berlin Philharmonic sound, which seemed to burst out of the boxed-in confines of the hall (acoustically, the Barbican is far from perfect) with assertive confidence and rich, red-blooded warmth.
While he had become the cheerleader in chief for bringing the Games here, he was constantly having to prod Boston 2024, the seemingly tone-deaf private local organizing group, to be more transparent, release documents, scale back salaries and make other adjustments as the bid foundered.
A United Nations Human Rights Council commission of inquiry into Israel’s military operations in the Gaza Strip is underway.
In June 2014, Young was waived after averaging 3.5 points a game over two seasons.
Bonnie Reed, a spokeswoman for Bath-Tec, a Texas company, which has been making red and pink acrylic ones since 1985, said sales had declined some over the last decade.
It appealed to the government to gain their released.
But the leadership in Athens has rejected that approach.
In the statement released Tuesday, his family said Mr. Soltan “has recently agreed to begin taking in a sufficient amount of liquids.” Spokesmen for the Egyptian interior minister did not respond to repeated requests for comment.
It’s coming up on nine years, and the first project I started with was the Plaza, which was sort of a trial by fire, but it was really fun and very successful.
He went behind the tape-edge machine, which essentially cinches the mattress with large needles that move very fast.
“That way, I can stand next to him,” she said, “and you’ll have the greatest Yankees shortstop next to the great-granddaughter of the man who created the position.”
And poverty has not declined.
Matthew, too, has amassed quite an art collection in the 700-square-foot second-story walkup he and Samantha have shared since June 2011.
debut for the San Jose Sharks in 2005.
He has written novels for children and comic books for adults (advancing both forms in the process), and vice versa.
Ms. Wang hopes that the new gallery’s visibility will help encourage enrollment, starting, perhaps, with the eight artists — Alva CalyMayor , Jim D’Amato , Ambre Kelly , Karen Lee, Patrick Meagher , Kambui Olujimi , Jonathan Rider and Gretchen Scherer — in the inaugural show, “2015:1947.” She asked each of them to take inspiration from a founder of Artists Equity: some went for well-known figures, like the modernist Yasuo Kuniyoshi, the organization’s first president; or the photographer Charles Sheeler; others chose unsung heroes.
“To me, this has gone way beyond anything that could even be remotely considered a fad and become a powerful trend,” said Carl Jorgensen, director for global consumer strategy focusing on wellness at Daymon Worldwide, a consulting firm.
When asked whether her campaign would run negative ads against Mr. Sanders, she replied, “I have no interest in doing that.” (Correct the Record, an outside group that supports Mrs. Clinton’s candidacy, attacked Mr. Sanders last week, which resulted in the Vermont senator’s campaign raising $1.2 million in less than 48 hours to be used toward defeating Mrs.
Joe Mantello, a two-time Tony-winning director, guides a cast that includes Julie White (a Tony winner for “The Little Dog Laughed”) and Judith Roberts, who plays Miss Ruby, a role she originated at the Steppenwolf Theater Company in Chicago, where the production began .
JAMIE FELLNER New York The writer, a senior adviser at Human Rights Watch, is the author of the report “Callous and Cruel: Use of Force Against Inmates With Mental Disabilities in U.S. Jails and Prisons.”
They have sleep issues and food issues (including picky eating), and when they’re not being schooled in good manners by their parents (nearly half of whom admitted in a 2007 survey to using corporal punishments ranging from a slap on the face to severe beating) they can be downright obnoxious.
Still outstanding is a ruling on a defense motion to move the trial outside Boston because of apparent prejudice against the defendant, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21.
But the official, who declined to be identified under the State Department’s procedures for briefing reporters, acknowledged that such discussions were at a “preliminary stage.” “We’re also talking to them about diversifying their nuclear energy options and other options,” the official said, alluding to a possible project in which Westinghouse Electric Company would build a nuclear power plant.
His thesis: In today’s environment, venture firms are willing to take big risks on young technology companies with no real track record in business.
A. Mr. Arnault is extremely ambitious for Chaumet, and for good reason.
For one thing, many teams ended up going overboard on data.
Both men are highly principled, and both men basically have a mission.
From 2010 to 2014, more people were sentenced to death per capita here than in any other county in the United States, among counties with four or more death sentences in that time period.
“I see a great opening with the pope,” Father Nova said.
But none of her emails tell us anything of consequence regarding the events of Sept. 11, 2012.
They became friends, and in 2006 or 2007, he became a Catholic.
The young Stark is crossing the Narrow Sea in search of the Faceless Men, a monastic order of assassins.
“I think it made my doughnut taste better.
Inflation is now about 13 percent.
“Marriage is open to vast numbers of people,” he said, adding that same-sex couples “have no possibility to participate in that fundamental liberty.
The word ‘‘justice’’ could be heard, but nothing more.
Mr. Ryan has pledged to do better next year.
The evidence of change is subtle, but significant, said Kit Miyamoto, one of many earthquake engineers scouring the wreckage and — as important — the buildings that did not fall.
EDWARD THURLOW, an English lord chancellor in the 18th century, reputedly said that it’s difficult to punish a corporation because there is “ no soul to be damned, and no body to be kicked .” But there is, in fact, a way to punish corporations for their misdeeds: Bar their officers from government work.
The 16-concert leg at the Appel Room begins on Wednesday with a performance by the pop-gospel phenomenon Billy Porter, who won a Tony Award for his portrayal of a drag queen in “Kinky Boots.” It concludes Feb. 28 with a concert by Barbara Cook, the beloved doyenne of theater singers.
“You’ve been upgraded,” she said.
Small wonder that these poisons were generally administered one by one in small doses, even though they didn’t work very well that way.
Mr. Chu was one of the few successful Kuomintang candidates for high-profile positions in that campaign, winning re-election to the mayoral seat for New Taipei City, an area surrounding Taipei, Taiwan’s capital.
Aug. 29 at 8 p.m. $39.50 to $75.
In private conversations, Mr. de Blasio and his aides expressed confidence that they had handled things well.
A Chinese digital security expert, Zuo Xiaodong, the vice president of the China Information Security Research Institute, who plans to attend what is being called the U.S.-China Internet Industry Forum, described it as an “industry meeting,” adding that “the Chinese government has attached great importance” to it.
Chimpanzees are the closest relatives of human beings, and a dwindling need for them in research, along with increasing recognition of their social and physical needs, led to a decision by the National Institutes of Health in 2013 to retire most chimps it owns from use in research.
Mr. Gladwell told Mr. Lynton, based on a conversation with a New Yorker editor who is married to an N.Y.U.
“Michael is one of the most athletic people you will ever see on a tennis court,” said Opelka, his close friend, who is ranked No.
Women make up 22 percent of the 2015 class — a number that is above historical levels, the firm said.
“I spent $500 and thought I would be in debt for the rest of my life.” Upon returning to L.A., Neuwirth made 10 necklaces, and sent them to Barneys with a note written in Magic Marker that read, “I hope you love them.” Today, her namesake line is one the department store’s best sellers and she has a fanciful Melrose Place flagship store to call her own.
His contributions gradually waned, though, and he averaged just 2.8 points in limited minutes during the 2009-10 season.
While the wage bump is a small victory for fast-food workers, McDonald’s weak sales, coupled with rising costs and demands for better service, have strained an already troubled relationship between the chain’s corporate headquarters and its franchisees.
The prosecution, hammering home the point that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev deserves to be executed for the marathon bombings, rested its case Thursday by showing horrific images of the chaotic, smoke-filled scene on Boylston Street, where bodies lay blown apart, maimed spectators tried to crawl away, blood ran in the street, and little Martin Richard, 8 years old, was still, his mother leaning over him, pleading with him to try to stay alive.
Does anyone ever imagine their lives turning out this way?
Siporah’s seven siblings were trapped behind, wailing from the bedrooms.
The Jetta Hybrid pampers driver and passengers.
The treatment of inmates at Halden is wholly focused on helping to prepare them for a life after they get out.
“Many participants judged that the effects of these developments on domestic economic activity were likely to be small,” the Fed summary of the discussion said, “but they acknowledged the risk that they might restrain U.S. economic growth somewhat.” The minutes noted that participants were buoyed by the increases in consumer spending, improving housing activity and a strengthening labor market.
Anything could happen, either side of the pond.
You — the readers — provide the advice.
“Dried fish with watermelon” is just that.
Here are some highlights and low lights from the prime-time showdown.
Our weekday morning digest that includes consumer news, deals, tips and anything else that travelers may want to know.
The Jets need help to make the playoffs.
At the base, Nizar al-Asadi, a militia member and engineer, compared the war effort to the battles of Imam Hussein 1400 years ago, adding, “His history is repeating itself.” “Iraq is defending the whole world,” he said.
Under Dan Knechtges’s direction, this is a sneakily compassionate lampoon (1:35).
Michael Clarke, Australia’s captain, posted on Twitter that Dhoni was “not only a tremendous player, but one of the nicest guys I have played against.” Kohli, 26, will represent a change in style, much closer to the feisty combativeness of Ganguly than the calm, placid Dhoni.
He acknowledged how toxic Common Core has become on the political right, and said that he did not want Washington involved.
We asked, if there is no electricity how dark would it be?
But a butterfly does not emerge from its cocoon overnight, she said.
Wes Blackwell, a 21-year-old from Hartsville, S.C., who wrote on Twitter that the flag stood for more than racism, was compared to Mr.
Mr. Trump would help pay for the rate cuts with a one-time 10 percent tax on the deferred foreign earnings of United States multinational corporations, and he would end the ability of American businesses to defer income in the future.
“That’s like 20 years.” “It’s a lot of Bush,” said a peer, Robert Carroll, 28.
But if there is evidence of an effect, even nominal, is it unethical to write (or produce or direct) violent films and shows?
“From these photographic sets we are expected, I gather, to glean some intelligence about process and structure,” he wrote.
As the title suggests, this incident unfolded too quickly to be about much more than perceptions, impulse and bullets.
And Mr. Obama is in legacy-building mode in Alaska, where he has been talking about the rapidly unfolding effects of climate change and the urgent need to address it, and has been crossing some items off his bucket list.
“If you look at the other artists he’s worked with, whether it’s Ryan McGinness or How and Nosm, they’re the only people doing what they do.” After more than a quarter-century as a professional artist, Fairey’s work has become instantly recognizable, as his particular aesthetic sensibilities — Russian Constructivism, the global wartime propaganda, Barbara Kruger-style advertorial machinations, Jasper Johns Americana — have solidified.
“I love you man!” the director exulted.
DANBURY Richter Arts Center “Once Upon a Mattress,” musical by Mary Rodgers, Marshall Barer, Jay Thompson and Dean Fuller.
A dozen fresh roasts are offered by the pound, each with cupping notes that identify flavor profiles like chocolate, cherry and apricot.
But he felt uneasy about being memorialized while still alive.
After the famine, the country took the brunt of Stalinist-era repression and the violence of the eastern front in World War II , when upward of five million Ukrainian civilians died.
City Center Stage I, 131 West 55th Street, 212-581-1212, nycitycenter.org.
A camp musical inspired by 1970s disaster films may not give “Hamilton” a run for its money at the Tony Awards next year.
Eventually he began chartering cruise ships, and one of the earliest Atlantis cruises made headlines when it was denied permission to stop at Grand Cayman in 1998.
Mr. Nawy guessed it would cost around $40,000 to renovate.
No one knew how he actually got down there, but there he was.
“We’ve shown that using inexact computation techniques need not degrade the quality of the weather-climate simulation.” Climate models use an immense set of differential equations that simulate the interaction of physics, fluid motion and chemistry.
But instead of hitting a shot that was so bad it was almost good, he was in a bunker, albeit one that moments earlier had been an impromptu sitting and standing area for spectators.
In a large, zip-top freezer bag, mix the olive oil, lemon juice, orange juice, garlic, water, chili flakes and sea salt.
But if I say: ‘‘Should we meet you at your house?’’ she will send ‘‘should wee meet u at ur house.’’ I find texting impersonal, but if I am forced to text, I at least want to use appropriate English.
“When he’d had enough beauty,” Clark said, with a laugh.
American Airlines and US Airways received their single operating certificate from the Federal Aviation Administration on Wednesday, an important step in the integration of the two airlines.
Some of these parts have been sold, leaving the financial software business and a tiny portion of the education operations for Fidelity National Information Services.
“People were laughing and giggling, pretending to total strangers that they were old friends meeting after years,” Shukla recalled.
Breakingviews » PartnerRe Willing to Discuss Improved Takeover Bid From Exor | PartnerRe also took the Italian investment company to task for what it said were “misleading statements” by Exor about its approach.
And then, to the delight of the gathered senators and representatives, he added, “I ate corned beef at Katz’s, New York’s greatest, greasiest, pickle-lined melting pot.”
Another sister, Abbi Kleinschmidt, was once arrested at a Keystone XL protest outside the White House.
What clearer demonstration of the legacy of conquest could there be than the English names for common farm animals, all Anglo-Saxon derived, and the Norman-French words for their meat?
It’s a very rare choreographer who doesn’t burn his fingers when setting movement to Mozart — the music is almost invariably more multilayered than the dance — and Mr. Neenan, who has made a wide range of admirable works to other scores, here joins a distinguished list of misfires.
What’s more, despite all the books sold by Thomas Piketty, the paths forward for progressive economic policy are mostly blocked — and not only by a well-entrenched Republican Party, but by liberalism’s ongoing inability to raise the taxes required to pay for the welfare state we already have.
were also trying to establish whether the sample the man provided contained infectious virus, rather than only harmless genetic material or RNA.
The lilies of the valley had become carnivorous jungle plants.” Mr. Lisker concluded, more presciently than he probably could have imagined: “The police are sure of one thing.
She wanted me, in other words, to use a digital object to interact with a real one.
In 1994, after his indulgent splatterfest “ Dead Alive ” and long before he became the auteur of Middle-earth, Peter Jackson recounted a case of matricide in the 1950s in Christchurch, New Zealand.
“The explosion of steam and electricity was great for people who did physical work, they were needed for lots of other things,” he said.
Recruitment is difficult when there are episodes like what happened to the black officer at the McDonald’s, Chief Eickhoff said.
3) The debate laid bare several policy differences among the candidates, on issues including the minimum wage (Ben Carson is open to an increase), drug policy (Rand Paul says the war on drugs “has gone too far”) and the specter of a government shutdown over Planned Parenthood funding.
While Mr. Obama came here three times before taking office, many Kenyans had bristled that he waited until the seventh year of his presidency to return.
While officials are supposed to track every time a body hold, baton strike, closed fist or chemical spray is employed by guards, inmates argue that does not always happen.
Managing manure responsibly is key to running a good dairy and the focus of much regulation, said J.P. Cativiela, program coordinator for Dairy Cares, an industry group whose members include big American brands like Kraft Foods and Land O’Lakes.
“A national election is not a popularity contest,” Mr. Harper said in August, when he moved to dissolve Parliament.
“Some people have asked, ‘Why did the original Cosmo Girl found this program?’ ” said Christina Wallace, the founding director of the program.
“Farmed tuna has more fat than wild tuna — and the Japanese like that,” said Tetsuya Inagaki, a manager at Maruha Nichiro, one of Japan’s largest fish distributors.
There is a group of teenage girls trying to set the seeding blooms on fire with their lighter.” ­• Or maybe the problem with the flower clock is that it doesn’t work.
The visitors would be given “full access” to Greek officials, Yanis Varoufakis, the Greek finance minister, told a news conference after the meeting.
“They should be treated as such.” In Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona earlier this summer, Doug Sprouse and three other firefighters picked up clumps of grass from the ground, sawed off pieces from fallen branches and pulled bright leaves from oak trees — “fuels,” in their vernacular, the stuff that feeds and carries fire across the land.
Moir, who has played both courses, said he would rate the New as “slightly more difficult,” in part because it has only one double green to the Old’s seven.
Higher-end homes from the mid-$600,000’s to the $800,000’s include newer colonials, splanches and custom homes.
Mooney has been prominently used in marketing campaigns by Cricket Ireland.
Because of this (and here is Ross’s second thesis point), American fears of Arab repercussions for their closeness to Israel have rarely been realized, just as the expected rewards for adopting a more “pro-Arab” stance have been consistently lacking.
Lundqvist had made easy saves, lucky saves, spectacular saves.
That is because the actual surgery and medical treatments patients receive have not changed, just related practices.
“People are taking a leap — these are the two biggest purchases of their lives — and your job is getting them to say, ‘I do,’ ” he said.
When the jury delivered a unanimous verdict Wednesday morning, the families of the victims appeared overjoyed.
Especially in and around large urban areas, pastors increasingly report that some openly gay and lesbian Christians are opting to worship in evangelical congregations (“more and more are coming to our church,” Mr. Allison said) and that heterosexual worshipers are struggling over the church’s posture because friends or family members are gay.
Mr. Obama’s fourth trip to sub-Saharan Africa as president, however, will not include a stop in his father’s village, Kogelo, where Mr. Obama was welcomed as a native son on his last visit there, in 2006, as a United States senator from Illinois.
Instead, he compared himself to other senators like John McCain and Bob Graham, who also missed a lot of votes during their runs for president.
“This girl whacked me in the face with a snowball,” Dr. Thomas told The Seattle Times in 1999.
One of the fund’s most qualified trustees would seem to be Patrick Reinkemeyer, a former top executive at Morningstar, the investment research company, who joined the board in January.
“Performances require an audience, but sculptures exist all the time.” She eventually dropped the experiment.
Like parents of a child whose confidence is flagging, the roughly 1,000 fans who rose early to accompany Woods on his front nine cheered lustily every time his drive found the fairway or his approach found the green.
At times this architecture seems quite modern: A late-19th-century American bustle made of rolled cotton and linen resembles nothing so much as a model of one of Frank Gehry’s cascading building designs.
Moosehead Breweries , an independent beer maker, sells more beer at Brewers Retail than other stores.
By the end of the show, the stereotypical divisions between Dutch and Belgian design appear to have dissolved with Dutch designers like Studio Wieki Somers and Scholten & Baijings producing delicate decorative objects, and their Belgian counterparts conducting conceptual experiments.
In one case, he ordered the sharpshooter to toy with a man by firing near his head and both shoulders to box him in.
Mr. Amyx, who gives his age as “climbing the ranks of seniority,” said that he was often asked about his eventual plans for the bulk of his holdings but that he had not yet decided.
On designer floors, following department-store convention, fashion does not mix with accessories does not mix with jewelry.
Michele Meixell, a spokeswoman for the company, said that while trials like this one were once approved “in areas where the company may have had a therapeutic interest,” she added, “we do not currently have a further interest in borderline personality disorder.”
“Otherwise, there is a rise in price for transportation that is passed on to the consumer.”
Jeb understands that his brother brings both advantages and disadvantages, but he is determined to stand on his own, advisers said.
There will not be a ticker-tape parade up Broadway.
The Jets have also accused Robert K. Kraft, the owner of the Patriots, of tampering for comments he recently made about Revis.
Film BETHEL Bethel Woods Center for the Arts Moonlit Movie Mondays: “The Rocky Horror Picture Show” (1975), directed by Jim Sharman.
It felt very safe to me.
Perhaps they are on the menu only because they have to be.
The internship must be similar to the training that would be given in an educational environment; it must be done for the intern’s benefit; it can’t displace regular employees; it can’t provide “immediate advantage” to the employer; and the intern must understand that no wages are being received and that no job is waiting at the end of the internship.
So I wanted something big for all the things that we need to work.
Mondays through Saturdays at 8 p.m., with an additional performance at 3 p.m. on Dec. 26 (no performances on Thursday and next Friday), West Park Presbyterian Church, 165 West 86th Street, Manhattan, 866-811-4111, nocheflamenca.com.
Harrison, who has five sacks this season, is not going to issue a denial like Manning.
And a version of that distinction survives today: Suicide itself has now been largely decriminalized but assisting a suicide is still illegal, though of course a subject of much culture-war controversy, in most U.S. states.
You should do due diligence by contacting the company to ask what, if anything, it will cover if a cleaner accidentally breaks something or a toilet overflows while you are away.
Parnell was obviously still feeling the effects of Tommy John surgery.
Tod’s , $2,265, (212) 644-5945.
ADVENTURE ON THE BRIDGE IN WEST VIRGINIA In an annual tradition, Bridge Day in West Virginia’s southern Fayette County offers recreational access to the 876-foot-tall New River Gorge Bridge.
It is a small price to pay for illegal practices and damaged lives.
Democrats who previously were wary of aligning too closely with unions are now searching for ways to strengthen workers’ bargaining power.
The late historian Elizabeth Brown Pryor demonstrated that 40 percent of Virginia officers decided to remain with the Union forces, including members of Lee’s family.
Ese día hubo otro nuevo caso y se me acabó la paciencia”.
Mr. Wan has experience with special effects on films including “The Conjuring.” He said, “I have a big bag of cinematic tricks, and boy did I exhaust every single one of them to make this work.” Critics didn’t necessarily appreciate Mr. Walker, but fans were another story — the “Fast” films have made nearly $2.4 billion worldwide.
The structure resembles what Liberty Interactive , one of the media companies controlled by famously tax-averse billionaire John C. Malone , did with its 22 percent stake in the publicly traded travel company TripAdvisor last year.
In 2011, archaeologists discovered cremated bones on a hearth at the site.
Buddy, a petit basset griffon Vendéen, giving a shake.
“He said, ‘You must come home now.
Unless one of the players is a complete bust, both teams can often get away with spinning the trade as a positive.
In the two years since it was demolished, Worcester spent $59 million burying utilities, preparing building sites for new construction, and reconstructing and connecting four streets in the district to the city’s street grid.
Mr. Barden, meanwhile, runs a busy website for his lost son , as do other families whose children died.
Walter Dundervill has tapped into a new aspect of performance: the art of draping.
Bavasi said it was his fault for giving Collins a toxic mix of personalities.
If, at age 38, Carlos Beltran is not the player he once was, he does not think of himself as anything other than an everyday player.
And basing it all on faith, which is the ignoring of factual evidence.
Accounts vary about its origins.
At 1 p.m., Pier 84 in Hudson River Park, 44th Street at 12th Avenue, Clinton, microapp.villagevoice.com/4knots/2015.
“After a year of work, it’s funny to think I’ll never see the final project,” laughed Hynes.
June 18 at 8 p.m. $35 to $50.
“I would say the UK, too, but….” Some readers said dismissing or minimizing Jeb Bush’s prospects and policy positions would be a mistake.
So far, Mr. Dorsey says he is committed to Square.
His wife, Ms. Khmelik, wrote the screenplay for “Little Vera” after she visited Zhdanov, where it was filmed.
NEW HAVEN Kehler Liddell Gallery “The Whole Wide World,” photographs by Marjorie Gillette Wolfe.
Secretary of State John Kerry tried to lower the temperature on Sunday in the three-way fight among congressional Republicans, the Obama administration and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel , saying that Mr. Netanyahu was welcome to speak in the United States.
It was a great meeting.
But will they come when you do call?
It could be a sign that consumer spending will accelerate as strong jobs gains give shoppers more confidence about taking on debt.
A viewer could be forgiven for asking this question as the five presidential candidates filed onto the stage at the Wynn Las Vegas in essentially similar combinations of navy, dark gray and white.
approval and patent protection is an enormously complex task.
David Pariser, a past president of the American Academy of Dermatology, said that with antiperspirants, which use aluminum-based compounds to plug the sweat glands, the format doesn’t have anything to do with how dry it will keep you.
By the time they get back in, there’s usually 10 or less seconds on the clock.
“Muslim Americans really stepped up and showed their positive support for this community,” said the sergeant, who is 36 and served four tours of duty in Iraq.
‘That was one of the most incredible temperature observations I have ever seen, and it is one of the most extreme readings ever in the world,’ AccuWeather meteorologist Anthony Sagliani said in a statement.
That was so hard for me to do, and he knew that.
They include an extra prospect in a trade, add another year to a contract, extend themselves for a player with untapped potential.
We assumed that these were just cover names for The Daily News and New York.
“We used to take a lot of money in the 2000s,” he said.
In many states, merchants have to remit the tax on anything they sell to an in-state buyer.
FRONT PAGE An article on May 5 about a campaign to promote LSD and manufacture other psychedelics in Norway, a country with strict drug controls, misstated, using information from the United Nations Convention on Psychotropic Substances, the year that the United Nations classified MDMA as a Schedule I drug, those that pose a serious threat to public health.
Ken Watanabe is an imperious (if not always coherent) king, while Kelli O’Hara’s Anna Leonowens is something wonderful indeed (2:50).
Yet all the while they carry within them a bipolar gene that forms an unbroken chain with the past, liable to surface at any moment.
“I will not — and I hope we will never — coordinate or cooperate with Shiite militias,” he told a congressional hearing.
“I hear parents say, ‘I can’t believe you let him do what he’s doing,’ ” said Mr. Delfin, a freelance photographer.
squareness of the quads), the algorithms in the app would need to be revealed.
Second, those voters know from long experience that whatever leading Republican politicians say about immigration and border security, many of them have similar views to, well, Barack Obama: They favor more immigration and less enforcement, and they privately (or not-so-privately) regard anyone who disagrees as a knuckle-dragging nativist.
Many residents who managed to escape fled to Qaraqosh, bringing with them tales of summary executions and mass beheadings.
On Feb. 9, the university and Mr. Altman filed a countersuit against the female student.
Harborfields Public Library, 31 Broadway.
“The whole world is HD now,” Mr. Tillmans said.
GARDEN CITY Adelphi University Performing Arts Center Screening of the Salzburg Festival’s “Arabella.” Oct. 25.
A sale of the music unit would represent a rejection of that strategy and, in effect, a dismantling of the company.
Chinese Laborers: By 1868, at least 80 percent of the Central Pacific work force consisted of Chinese laborers.
The rebels seized the capital in September, and a coalition led by Saudi Arabia began airstrikes against them in March.
He has denied the charges, and his Iranian lawyer has said there is no evidence to support them.
Mellow breeze blew over my moist body.
Reviewing Javelina , which bills itself as “New York’s first authentic Tex-Mex restaurant,” may have presented me with an unusual conflict of interest.
Sure enough, each work space at the gathering — which is taking place in a complex of temporarily converted airplane hangars and tents — is illuminated by a gracefully curved table lamp, casting a gentle glow.
On the plus side for the Affordable Care Act, those surveyed by the Times decisively supported, 86-10, the requirement that insurance companies cover people with pre-existing conditions; the requirement to cover children in parents’ plans up to age 26 was supported 70-28; and 76 percent supported providing some help to poor workers who do not have employer-based coverage.
Nov. 9 at 12:15 p.m. Free.
She phoned the court collections officer and told him she was getting the money.
A Soyuz capsule carrying three astronauts docked at the International Space Station at 9:36 p.m. Eastern time, less than six hours after it left the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.
“I’m not walking away from something I’m passionate about.
Mr. Sharpe was arrested several hours later.
The pointed ones generally appear on the faster-growing tips of branches.
Donald J. Trump once again charged that the government of Mexico is purposely sending immigrants into the United States — he called them “the bad ones” — and charged that American leaders are taking them because they are “stupid.” But he provided no evidence for that charge, other than to suggest that border patrol agents and others he deals with say it is happening.
All these lives are taken every single day by America, by this government.
Therefore, the study did not conclude “that schizophrenia patients who received smaller doses of antipsychotic medication and a bigger emphasis on one-on-one talk therapy and family support made greater strides in recovery.” (The study did conclude that the alternative treatment program as a whole led to better outcomes.)
Her campaign changed the photo within a few hours , but not before Twitter users had taken notice.
Asked if the nationwide campaign for pay of $15 an hour had provided a tailwind for what the administration wants to achieve, Ms. Glen replied, “I think we are the wind.” The direct impact of the agreement with Brookfield will be limited because most of the construction workers on the project and the employees of the companies that will fill the office tower would earn more than $15 an hour.
And we’re all still reeling from it now.
“If any major military power pushes ahead with A.I.
Soon after, he began to assert himself so that, at times, he and Raftery were vying for airspace in a three-man booth created after Steve Kerr left last year to coach the Golden State Warriors and Greg Anthony was arrested in January on suspicion of soliciting a prostitute.
Click on the slide show to see this week’s featured properties in the New York City region: • In Dix Hills, N.Y., a four-bedroom two-full and two-half-bath 2003 house with a finished basement, swimming pool, spa and outdoor kitchen on 0.82 acres in a gated community.
‘‘You have to bring something to it that respects it but also enhances it.’’ His films always looked big-budget, thanks to Merchant’s well-known wrangling for locations and props, but he never made a fortune on them, and hasn’t spent one on his house.
Improved technology, chiefly hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling, has opened up vast new deposits of not only natural gas but crude oil; in January 2014, Mr. Obama was able to announce that for the first time in decades the United States was producing more oil than it imported, and the Energy Information Administration has forecast that reliance on overseas oil will continue to fall.
She was in Classroom 14 in Snyder Hall when the shooting started and ran out amid a storm of gunfire, yelling “Gun!
“My sense was that we had to make changes or a federal court is going to strike down the whole program, and we need this program — some of these people would scare the hell out of you,” said State Senator John Whitmire, a Democrat who helped push through the overhaul, which included opening a former prison in remote Littlefield to house the detainees.
With Wiz Khalifa and Hoodie Allen.
The Balkans have as complicated a history as any place on earth.
$10 to $25; children under 2, free.
​European stocks rose and the bond market calmed on Monday morning just moments after European leaders said they had reached a deal to end the crisis in Greece, but there was no noticeable euphoria as investors waited to see how the tough agreement would be put in place.
At this lovely but largely tepid show, the brothers mainly performed behind semicircular banks of instruments: Guy, on the left, mostly on drum pads and keyboards; Howard, on the right, occasionally pulling out a bass for a taut, clever line.
There are some small glimpses, however: RandPaul.com is displaying names and cities of donors, and among those shown on Tuesday was Adil Khan of Des Moines, who was a volunteer on Ron Paul’s campaign .
When a compelling program like “Mad Men,” “Breaking Bad” or “The Sopranos” approaches the end of its run, the digital cloud is filled with arguments about what should happen; a line of dialogue, a hair style or a piece of clothing will be analyzed intensely about its possible hints.
In preparation for his visit, Russia in recent weeks has expanded its military presence in Syria, kept quiet in Ukraine, and even stepped back from its domestic antigay campaign — all in the hopes of reclaiming its place at the table.
It’s a major purchase people seldom make, and you’re up against professional negotiators.
The state investigation includes a look into the management of Cooper’s prime asset, the land under the Chrysler Building .
The insurer seemed to leave open the possibility that it would accept being designated a “systemically important financial institution,” or SIFI, in the future, once those rules are known.
This year, we have one child with the kinds of milestones that draw grandparents into town and bring accolades from friends and family: his eighth-grade graduation and a great role in his school’s end-of-year musical production.
The company’s prompt action in addressing Mr. Pearson’s illness by disclosing and appointing interim leadership is commendable.
Pasta with mussels is one of those complex-tasting dishes that is simple to make.
The game was all but over early, but it still included plenty of the intensity and bad blood that had characterized the first five games of the series, and Dunleavy was in the middle of much of the action.
Expect visual art and other samplings from the Bushwick cultural scene.
The search for the suspect in the attack has been partly tainted by the country’s poisonous political divides.
The Porsche division has been untouched by the emissions scandal and accounts for most of the parent company’s profit, along with Audi.
While Mr. White suggested some people might make too much of his decision to speak publicly about his views, he said in response to a second analyst’s question that doing so could help inform other investors about the issues involved in the attempted deal-making.
Yet many Jewish women do not learn about these genes until a series of breast or ovarian cancer diagnoses affect their family.
“I can’t say I regretted it,” Reeve said.
He’s got the smooth presence for that kind of directive — imposing yet not overbearing.
The red resembled Bordeaux in spirit, though it departed from the model in significant ways.
“It’s not my right to be here.
Hospitals and schools face strict orders not to hire doctors and teachers.
That means Ms. Sarsour has sought to speak not only for those who share her religion, but also for others — women, gays, prison inmates, victims of racial profiling — facing the problems that concern her.
The great solo melody near the start of the slow second movement had a wandering if attentive feel, as if it were an impromptu, and Mr. Trifonov’s sound took on a calm lucidity but without a hint of chill.
Teams will use any small piece of information against their opponents.
After playing against her sister Serena for the 27th time, Venus Williams indulged in a comparison between Serena and Steffi Graf, who won the last Grand Slam, in 1988.
Youthful achievement is often linked to privilege.
Guacamole from one avocado will have about 900 milligrams or more of potassium.
“That company suffered financial issues and sought protection through administration.
What was one of your most memorable outdoor experiences?
The reasons for the drop are complicated, but we do know with certainty that the American policy of mass incarceration has failed to deliver on its public safety promise.
They believed that he was a bad person.
Jerry Falwell — was unmistakable: Already an established star among Tea Party Republicans, Cruz wants to be the candidate of the party’s evangelical wing too.
Oct. 25, 1 to 4 p.m. Long Island Museum of American Art, History and Carriages, 1200 Route 25A.
The hitch, though, is that the buyer has to be a researcher.
In addition to opening a storefront museum, she hopes to host conferences, talks, film screenings and special exhibitions.
council chose to skip a formal bidding process and instead vote on whether to award Eugene the event unilaterally.
(Nate Chinen) ★ The Bad Plus (Tuesday through Jan. 3) An acoustic piano trio with a collectivist heart, the Bad Plus holds fast to the idea of a group identity, essential and inviolable.
Upper bodies are as intense as legs and feet.
There’s also Pandora , the radio service that claims nearly 80 million listeners, and Rhapsody, a streaming service that offers only a paid version, which it recently said has about 2.5 million users.
Last week, a controversy swirled over whether the Greek minister, Yanis Varoufakis, had made a provocative one-fingered gesture at Germany at a conference in Croatia two years ago.
Under John Paul the balance in that debate (arguably; it’s a long argument) tipped a little bit more in democratic capitalism’s favor than had previously been the case; under Benedict the papal perspective arguably tipped back in a more explicitly social democratic direction (to some overt criticism from neoconservatives in the United States); under Francis it has taken on a more developing-world, Latin-American flavor, which has tipped things leftward in certain ways and also put a new complexion on the discussion.
And some are increasingly attracted to the radical jihadists in the Middle East and are adopting some of their tactics.
Long usually reminds players that it is a pull drill; it is useless trying to hit the ball the other way.
The Donald Gallery, 343 Broadway.
Lehman Center for the Performing Arts, 250 Bedford Park Boulevard West.
Can anyone act on a stock-buying tip from Jim Cramer, the CNBC host, after Stewart showed him promoting garbage before the financial collapse on a show that tries to make funny with your money, barking “buy, buy, buy!” while banging a gong?
Trying to sell heroin was always going to be a dangerous proposition for a young addict and when the pair finally find someone to help them move it off the prison grounds, Nicky panics and steals the drugs, unable to let go.
Partly also, I suspect, because creditors have come to expect the symbolism of debtor governments abjectly abandoning their campaign promises in the name of responsibility, and are waiting for the new Greek government to pay the usual tribute of humiliation.
“You have to find your torrent client, go to the pirate site, search for your file, download.
Cornell pulled away in the final three minutes with a 6-0 run that was capped by Miller’s jumper, which made it 50-41.
Mr. Coutain, who is from Trinidad, said he and Mr. Gabay often spoke of places to find the best West Indian food, especially a mutually loved dish, goat stew.
He blessed a newly-installed statue dedicated to ties between Catholics and Jews.
That leaves Cooper Taylor, the injured Nat Berhe (calf), the converted cornerback Bennett Jackson and the veteran Jeromy Miles as safeties.
Grocers, too, are moving to offer consumers more products free of genetically altered ingredients.
“You’re now one click away from every sex act imaginable for free.
A person named Jazmin Bonilla gets the credit.
The Hyundai Accent , Ford Fiesta and Chevrolet Sonic go about their budget ways with more refined 6-gear boxes.
They said Mr. Stone had been fired on Friday.
And she certainly didn’t use drugs.
In national security-related cases, the F.B.I.
“We play enough together that we don’t need any more discussion.” Things have been going very well this year.
Money can’t buy you love, but enough of it can buy the rare Beatles memorabilia being auctioned this weekend in Liverpool.
“Even though he is abroad, the string is held in China.
“He still has some soreness in his foot, and the protocol that’s in place calls for him to be able to compete on the floor without that at this stage,” Presti said.
Then there is perhaps the most famous name on Ms. Wall’s roster, Rachel Zoe, who has delegated much of her red-carpet styling to associates, but on Feb. 17 presented her latest collection in a studio space on West 37th Street.
The car had a green light, the police said, but kept going north on Amsterdam after the collision.
Some will compare subjects like “the Tower Bridge in London versus the Brooklyn Bridge, Times Square versus Piccadilly Circus and the White House versus Buckingham Palace.” Children can also play a memory game involving nautical symbols and enjoy a tea party at the Navy Yard, which lies along Wallabout Bay, where British ships held Revolutionary prisoners of war .
Want to get the briefing by email?
Why are some people critical of the Saudi government for the way it has developed Mecca and managed the hajj?
In a small concession to the villagers, Alexander Götz, a regional official from Lower Saxony, told them this week that the initial number of refugees, who start arriving on Monday and will be housed in empty office buildings, would be kept to 500, and limited to 750 in all.
Since Mr. Litvinenko’s death, Mr. Lugovoi, a wealthy businessman, has become a member of the Russian Parliament and a television celebrity in Russia.
NEW YORK TIMES China Hits Qualcomm With Fine | The American chip maker Qualcomm said on Monday that it would pay $975 million for violating China’s antimonopoly law, The New York Times writes.
Last week, President François Hollande was warmly welcomed at a meeting of the Gulf Cooperation Council, where he oversaw the signing of a $7 billion deal to sell fighter jets to Qatar.
■ A company partly owned by Tony Romo is suing the N.F.L.
“A key point in the succession process is controlling the foundations, because they hold stakes in key Samsung Group companies,” said Park Ju-gun, head of CEO Score, a research firm that monitors Korean corporations.
Carnegie Hall is quietly taking steps to deal with the fallout from Mr. Perelman’s brief reign: It has established a committee on its board to evaluate its policies, created a search committee to find a permanent chairman, and decided to hire a general counsel — a new position that “advises the board of trustees on proper governance and provides senior management with effective legal advice,” in the words of a job listing posted.
Sept. 26 at 9 p.m. $20.
“We’ve been clear that counterterrorism operations remain a part of our mission in Afghanistan,” Rear Adm. John Kirby, the Pentagon press secretary, said on Thursday.
The militants of the Islamic State carried out two new offensives in northern Syria on Thursday, entering a provincial capital and detonating large bombs in the border town of Kobani, where intensive airstrikes by a United States-led coalition helped Kurdish forces rout the jihadists last year.
Brett Gardner, the Yankee outfielder, asked Suzuki what he would do when he retires in, say, five years.
stands for limited liability company, which is a specific type of business structure.
In January, the department took a first step by proposing more scrutiny on the self-reported sales that coal companies use as the basis for royalty payments.
Government officials, from the Diaspora Affairs Ministry to the Foreign Ministry, tried to negotiate a compromise.
Investors should get a better sense of the economy and consumers’ willingness to spend next week when automakers report their February sales figures and the government issues its monthly update on hiring.
‘‘He just needs the experience.’’ When all the brothers stopped for more aguardiente , a sugar-­cane based liqueur, and sat at the table, they took turns flirting with a young woman who had joined the party.
Mr. Cerveris, meanwhile, was marooned in London playing a cross-dresser in a now-forgotten series for Fox.
Mr. Christie prevailed , then won re-election by an overwhelming margin .
Like many musicians in the summer, Schubert escaped the city for the countryside, leaving Vienna for a walking tour of the Austrian Alps, where he began to compose his charming “Trout” quintet.
The surprise was mostly pleasant, it seems, though Matz’s parents, Lori and Ron, said they were a little taken aback.
Before the contract could be signed, the team requested a magnetic resonance imaging of Aiken’s elbow, and that was when things unraveled.
They might more logically be called painted reliefs, but they confuse matters by being so clearly derived from a single surface on which a mongrel process of drawing, painting and chiseling has run a bit rampant.
Since the platform was opened last September, the number of courses offered has nearly doubled to about 1,000.
I watch on television militarized police forces in Ferguson, Mo.
In long-term studies, the overwhelming evidence indicates that people who report dietary patterns higher in fruits and vegetables, presumably classified as “healthy” food choices, have better health outcomes vis-à-vis heart disease and cancer.
The comma needed to follow “absurd,” not “utterance.” ••• [Picture caption] Tom Otto comforts Willie, one of the felines he has retrieved, in this Animal Planet show, which debuts on Saturday night.
“All the other bars are gone.” In his boggy brogue, Martin Pryce, 74, told a tale of a Norwegian dockworker shipwrecked in the harbor for two days.
I had also hoped, however irrationally, that my formerly vigorous, 70-year-old father, who on my last visit insisted on carrying my suitcase up the stairs as usual, would be the one to beat the bleak odds.
A few months ago, it looked like those anxieties would help elevate “Boyhood,” a labor-of-love anti-tentpole that (as you may have heard) took 12 years to make .
Andrew Cuomo of New York and Gov.
And as for the pundits — like, yes, yours truly — who once said that Hillary Clinton was unbeatable, well, did we expect that Sanders would top a New Hampshire poll ?
It’s that time of year when Amazon gives viewers a say about which pilots to develop.
In negotiations past, the specter of plant closings dominated contract talks.
NEW HAVEN New Haven Museum “Winfred Rembert: Amazing Grace.” Through Aug. 2.
The finished board is shipped to them a few weeks later.
“This is not an immigration crisis; it’s a refugee crisis.” About 84,000 children were apprehended at the Southwest border during the 2014 fiscal year and the first six months of the 2015 fiscal year, according to the Border Patrol .
Someone says something dumb, inappropriate or politically incorrect and then everyone else piles on an attack of righteous indignation.
But I was actually disciplined for it.” It was only in 2014 that she learned from a notice in the prison newspaper that inmates were allowed to request classification as transgender, she said, and she did so.
Israel, friend,” he said as if there was some dispute about that.
“However, there is something incredibly gratifying when these beautiful pieces grow in value at a rate similar or substantially above the market.”
But the center-left minority government and the opposition have both been extremely wary of joining forces with the party.
Down the road, maybe I could see myself producing records, but I feel like I’ll always want something to do with music.
When patients are discharged from treatment units, they are urged to remain abstinent for three months or to use condoms.
But the Bush administration created a third, lower-level type called an “assessment.” This development, it turns out, was a result of Stellarwind.
At stake is billions of dollars of business for major American companies that make the advanced computing hardware and software that crunches numbers for banks across China.
“We’re not at war with communities we serve.
I’ve always depended on long walks to clear my head, but in Iowa City, the town limits were hastily arrived at, and beyond them lay only a monoculture of I-80 farmland, the indigenous grasses long ago plowed under.
In the meantime, the two men are battling for the position of the alternative to the outsiders.
“It’s mind-boggling.” The historical parallels are sometimes inescapable.
Betty Aldworth, executive director of Students for Sensible Drug Policy, an advocacy group, points out that last year’s Monitoring the Future survey found that more 12th graders favored marijuana legalization than ever before in the history of the survey.
In those tough days after the attack, when I was very angry and restless, the only thing that could calm me was pouring the acid drops into his eyes.
A story about love and overcoming stereotypes.
For Don Stephenson, who directed this fine and funny production, it’s almost mother’s milk.
Depending on who builds them, such countertops can cost as much as granite.
In selling his bid to voters , Mr. Pataki often harkened back to achievements from more than a decade earlier, such as his role helping New York recover from the Sept. 11, 2001 terror attacks, and his upset victory in 1994 over Mario M. Cuomo, the legendary liberal Democrat who governed New York for three terms.
“I do remember you walking up about an hour after we had landed to ask me what had happened.” Mr. Reynolds and others who were involved said that Mr. Williams was on a trailing helicopter far from the one that was attacked.
(Johnson) ★ MoMA PS1: ‘Wael Shawky: Cabaret Crusades’ (through Aug. 31) Some of the most vivid depictions of a war in the Middle East aren’t on television news these days.
Inevitably, the irresistible force of commerce punched its way through in the form of semi-trucks and passenger buses and the roads reopened.
No arrests have been made.
A few minutes later, the porterhouse and filet mignon arrived, and Mr. Park began cutting into them.
Many larger banks and financial companies have backup systems and alternative data suppliers, like products from Thomson Reuters , to avoid a serious disruption.
It was not immediately clear what the bar for being declared “in the business” would be.
They also accused the Gordons of using company funds to support an extravagant lifestyle.
The deal has been structured to appeal to Italian sensibilities by requiring a 90 percent vote at the new company to take Pirelli’s headquarters out of Italy.
Forget persona, forget who’s new and who’s old, your mojo is your mojo.
Steven Bowditch shot a four-under-par 65 in the AT&T Byron Nelson at T.P.C.
Derrick Rose played only 23 minutes 4 seconds in his fourth game back after a 20-game layoff due to surgery on his right knee, but he was a dynamic player who could not be contained.
All evening I was authentically chipper.
In metals trading, gold rose $12.30 an ounce to 1,291.70.
Shortly after the prosecutor’s move, Mr. Lagomarsino contacted her office and put himself at her disposal for more questioning, according to Télam, the state news agency.
The World Health Organization has also intensified its focus on mental health, calling for an end to the chaining of people with mental illnesses.
He requested a trade to the Rangers during the 2014 season and joined the team in a captain-for-captain deal with the Lightning, who got Ryan Callahan in return.
Bloomberg really turned it upside down.
“Of course, you get power plays, you want to score,” said Tavares, who was without a stick on the winning goal because it was broken.
Mr. Cohen’s praise of Chancellor Angela Merkel is misplaced: What troops would she send to help Ukraine?
On the one hand, it gave me a fear of chaos, and on the other hand, it was a romance with the world and bus stations and things like that.” Mr. Stone studied Latin in a Marist brothers high school, but he never finished; instead he joined the Navy, traveling to, among other places, Antarctica, an experience that informed the writing of “Outerbridge Reach.” He read voluminously — “Moby-Dick,” “Ulysses,” “On the Road” — wrote his first stories and got his first rejection slips.
After one span is completed, it will be opened to two-way traffic.
Almost one in 12 black men from 25 to 54 are locked up, compared with one in 60 nonblack men in that age group.
It will be the first eulogy Mr. Obama gives after a racially motivated killing.
(Also on April 4 at Gossip Bar and Restaurant.)
For its townhouse clients, onefinestay takes anywhere from 20 percent to 50 percent of the rental proceeds, depending on a range of variables, including how often and for how long the place is rented.
The economic crisis has made it more difficult to help the exploited, Sister Giaretta said.
“In that case it was a recalcitrant Congress, in this case it’s the bureaucracy,” he said.
Some of that work was behind the scenes, however.
Daniel Murphy hit his sixth home run of the postseason , and Yoenis Cespedes scored on a passed ball in the sixth to give the Mets the lead.
Beyond such protections, though, the goal should be to get to a point where STEM fields genuinely recognize L.G.B.T.
She writes of her “sense of invisibility and need for validation” as a child, the “bottomless urge I had to entertain,” the desire to “entertain the pain right out of” her anorexic mother.
It’s linked to publicuniversityhonors.com , which began in 2011 and, like the book, provides thorough appraisals of individual honors colleges and programs and intelligent thoughts on how they fit into the higher-education landscape.
Buoyed by their huge domestic market in the United States — mostly free of internal trade barriers and other restrictions — the Silicon Valley giants have the heft to outmuscle European competitors whose growth is often stunted by restrictive national borders.
Post a joke online and instead of writing haha (哈哈) to express laughter, a hasi may respond with different characters with the same sound: haha (蛤蛤), for “toad.” Like most political memes in China, “toad worship culture” is rich with irony.
Since then, Lopez has averaged 20 points and 9.2 rebounds, earning consecutive Eastern Conference Player of the Week Awards in the process.
“Various treatments have been attempted over the years,” said Dr.
Since the officer, Eston Kohver, was detained last year , Estonia has said he was lured into a trap and kidnapped on Estonian territory.
The research team, which totaled more than 200 people, included experts from 35 countries and with more than 20 specialties.
But releasing this youthful effort as if it were a new contribution does a disservice to readers, and I’d argue to the author himself.
Yet as the board filled with events of the last year — same-sex marriage allowed by the Supreme Court, Irish voters enacting it in that largely Catholic country, the rainbow flag hanging in Xavier’s hallway during Pride Month in June — something profound was being tallied.
Her life went into a tailspin.
Eat of it, he whispered, and “your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as God, knowing good and evil.” Ever since Genesis, no story has been free of gossip, and how unreasonable it is that gossip has its mischief-making reputation.
“The e-Starwalker comes with a device to switch the nib from the screen back to paper,” Jens Henning Koch, executive vice president of marketing at Montblanc, said in a phone interview.
At the eighth-floor penthouse loft in Chelsea that has been her home since 2002, it’s clear that Ms. Goldstein shares an essential bond with QVC’s more than 190,000 daily customers: She loves to shop.
(“The nurse says, ‘There’s a man in the waiting room; says he’s invisible.’ Doctor says, ‘Tell him I can’t see him.’ ”) But he sold them with gusto, and they generated enough laughter to carry him, early in his career, to big-time rooms like the Copacabana in New York and the Desert Inn in Las Vegas.
“She has a definite eye for hair, makeup and clothes.
Venteo quiere encuentros con equipos como el Mónaco, que tienen una base de seguidores bastante deficiente, si no invisible.
“I’m putting the people on notice that are coming here from Syria as part of this mass migration,” he said.
Aruba, a 13-year-old networking equipment maker, specializes in wireless networking access point hardware and software, which are used by hotels, universities and shopping malls.
It sold to Leslie L. Alexander, the owner of the Houston Rockets National Basketball Association team, according to city records .
“And I thought, O.K., it will be some 22-year-old soprano who has never taught before, and I’ll be her guinea pig — well, that’s O.K., it will keep me singing.” “So I walked up to her studio,” she recalled, “and I knocked on the door and I opened the door and I said, ‘Hi, my name is Mary Jo Heath and I am looking for my new voice teacher — are you Renée Fleming?’ ”
Jerry Brown signed legislation that ended exemptions for personal or religious reasons.
And if those individuals are ultimately released, how are they ever going to adapt?” These remarks are notable only because they come from the highest levels of government.
Some uncertainty begins with the third pick, owned by the Coyotes, setting up a debate over which prospect to take and potential trades.
Our model suggests that, if Islamophobic sentiment stays at its current level, about one in every 10,000 Muslims will be the victim of a reported hate crime over the next year, similar to the rate of automobile fatalities and orders of magnitude higher than the chance of being a victim of terrorism .
“While we no longer have segregated lunch counters, the reality is we still have racism in America,” she said.
When the Canadian customer paid Castiglione in Bitcoins, Castiglione found someone online willing to meet him in Buenos Aires and pay him in pesos at something close to the dólar blue rate.
HOW was the serial burglar Bernard C. Welch Jr. able to evade capture for years after escaping from the Clinton Correctional Facility in 1974?
As Chan says, it shows what happens when an entire country skips the PC and goes straight to mobile.
Not that “Gee’s Bend” had a nobler provenance.
also support the bank, along with other small businesses that benefit from the bank’s programs.
Still, the judge did not award any monetary damages to Mr. Greenberg, making it a moral victory, but not an economic one.
The peacoat was something that editors wanted to shoot.
Rebecca Cornick, 60, said she took a job at Wendy’s nine years ago and was still making just $9 an hour.
(Read Mike Hale’s review here .)
Again and again, she would say that progress was right around the corner, and they believed her; again and again, she disappointed.
“Nobody would have thought Peter would take on the role and be successful,” P. O. Edin, a Swedish economist, told The New York Times in 1996.
“Some people will never get the humor of that,” he added.
JPMorgan, for instance, stripped Mr. Dimon of a cash bonus in 2012 after the London Whale trading fiasco.
How should Ohio State defend all of Oregon’s “pick” plays?
The party said in its statement that Mr. Shwe Mann had been removed as chairman because “the present time requires that the party’s tasks be executed more effectively.” The deputy head of the party, U Htay Oo, has taken over in his place, the statement said.
The Lions also beat the clock on their last possession, scrambling downfield for a 39-yard field goal by Matt Prater with three seconds left before halftime.
The government has come under heavy criticism for withholding critical information early in the outbreak, like the names and locations of hospitals where infections had occurred.
In the past two years, he has received calls from at least a hundred system administrators eager to learn more about how to hospitalize patients in their homes.
Instead, he found himself staring at more problems — a running theme this season.
Oh well, let’s move on to the Wednesday puzzle with the original 1970 animated production of “HORTON HEARS A WHO.” And in case you’ve forgotten, a puzzle’s a puzzle, no matter how small.
Making the record, says Swain, became a form of therapy for him.
Last month, Herry Purnomo, a scientist at the Center for International Forestry Research, a global scientific organization based in Bogor, Indonesia, estimated that the economic cost for Southeast Asia would be $14 billion.
If you don’t play video games, what about them do you find unappealing?
Alibaba also reported net profit using generally accepted accounting principles of $964 million, a drop of 28 percent from a year earlier.
She can rattle off the medical script for an alcoholic with the shakes, a child with the flu or an elderly woman with a broken hip like someone reciting a Social Security number.
The Justice Department began an investigation a day after viral videos showed a South Carolina sheriff’s deputy manhandling a high school student who had refused requests to leave her classroom over using a cellphone.
It concludes with 15 sensational, just under life-size sculptures that were last-ditch responses to the slow-motion emergency of colonialism.
the Big Five: agreeableness, conscientiousness, extraversion, neuroticism and openness.
“We had talked about it all week.
Philadelphia also sacked Manning’s backup, Ryan Nassib, twice.
In the latest poll , Senator Bernie Sanders, who months ago had 8 percent support among polled New Hampshire Democratic voters, is up to 44 percent in a new survey and ahead of Mrs. Clinton (37 percent).
Four years ago, San Francisco created Linkage into Care teams — Lincs for short — to track such patients.
American counterterrorism officials say that killing operatives of the Yemen affiliate has kept it off balance, making it harder to plot against the United States.
“Medicare does not cover routine dental services, and private dental coverage is far less common than private medical coverage.
At least one remote coastal village, with more probably set to follow, may have to be moved, he said, as sea levels rise.
Only in late 2002, running in his fourth consecutive election, striking a much softer tone, did Lula finally win the office of president.
Before the awards ceremony, Wambach and Kessler met with a FIFA delegation to press the organization to relent on its plan to play this summer’s Women’s World Cup on artificial turf.
The band had conceived of a loose idea for a video centered on a crime spree and heist, but changed the concept slightly after Dupuis spotted the shop’s assortment of plastic glue-on eyes.
Mets reel in Marlins , 3-1.
A two-out walk to David Ross is the closest thing to damage that Chicago has had to offer.
On Tuesday, Singapore’s prosecutors asked for an easing of the bail terms so he would not continue to be held.
(Sunday at 2 p.m.; 200 Eastern Parkway; 212-594-6100; oslmusic.org.)
Barcelona came from behind twice in a 3-2 win over visiting Villarreal to stay 1 point behind the leader Real Madrid.
People’s concerns about soccer heading and concussions have grown so insistent in the past year or so that some doctors, parents and former professional players have begun to call for banning the practice outright among younger boys and girls, up to about age 14, and curtailing it at other levels of play.
Though Porzingis is having an extraordinary season, filled with the point-and-rebound triumphs that are known as double-doubles, his last few games have been slightly under par.
A vote to override the governor’s veto could come as soon as Tuesday.
“The bill has received a lot of support, and we are hoping to get an answer by the end of the year,” he said at the news conference.
Even as the Islamic State has been waging a brutal war in the Middle East, it has been spearheading an aggressive campaign to recruit Muslims to its cause, using social media to target young people across the world.
The bride’s mother is an emeritus member of the board of the Cancer Support Team in Purchase, N.Y. Mr. Grissino, 45, is a senior architect and urban designer for the Boston Redevelopment Authority.
At Rock Island Lighthouse State Park , in the Thousand Islands, the 1848 lighthouse got a $1.5 million rehabilitation that enabled it to reopen to the public in 2013 for the first time since 2006.
Naturally, I worried that he would be miserable and want to come home.
Ultimately, these hatcheries may be contributing to the proliferation of “dead zones” — biological wastelands created by excess nutrients — that are choking estuaries and coastal ecosystems downstream.
And if this all makes you nervous about global warming, you’re not alone: Psychiatrists and scientists are sounding the alarm about climate change-related anxiety disorders .
So Mr. Sawut turned off his cellphone at some point this week.
UPS has since changed its policy to offer light duty to pregnant women.
Sept. 26 at 8 p.m. $35 to $250.
Historically this hasn’t ended well.
This reimagined production is set in a Cajun village.
Not only did the Qatari national team arrive in Australia with the hope — albeit slim — of winning the continental tournament, it was looking to take another step for what could be just as difficult a task: qualifying for the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
“This show is embodying that in almost the truest sense of any show that we’ve done.”
“Enough is enough,” he said.
While hundreds of thousands of people were moved by the opportunity to pray with the pope, he left America with a blessing and his signature request: “Pray for me.” Photo The Rev.
But in the radio licensing committee’s complaint three years ago, it accused Sesac of being “a cartel that has illegally monopolized an essential repertory of copyrighted music.” The settlement, announced on Thursday by both groups, said that if Sesac cannot come to an agreement with the committee, its royalty fees will be set by a third-party arbitration panel.
Texas is one of four U.S. states that were once independent countries.
Related Lesson Plan | Backyard Science: Tallying Local Species to Learn About Diversity Poetry Pairing | Feb. 10, 2011
Besides “Rigoletto,” she saw Rossini’s Scottish-themed opera “La Donna del Lago.” And because a friend of a friend knew someone who knew someone, she was taken backstage after “Rigoletto.” She got a hug from a burly guy in a Ralph Lauren shirt — Zeljko Lucic, the baritone who had sung Rigoletto — before the bass Dimitry Ivashchenko emerged from his dressing room.
To Mr. Trump, we are a nation cowering in a school cafeteria because — he says this endlessly — our lunch has been eaten.
The issue of asylum-seekers who arrive by sea has dogged three successive Australian governments.
You may not know that, and it’s not anything formal, but I’ll get feedback.
After leaving the Mariinsky in mid-2008, Mr. Vaziev joined La Scala — far less known for ballet than for opera — the following year.
Since states in India have great diversity in their local languages, customs and politics, this transient population can easily go undocumented in their new homes.
Also, unlike many other automotive cases such as those recently involving General Motors and Toyota, the Volkswagen episode does not involve deaths, injuries or vehicle safety.
“The location, architecture and history of the San Remo were on a completely different level.” Ms. Moore and Mr. Willis, who were married from 1987 to 2000 and have three children, installed bold new windows in every room; not counting bathrooms and nooks and crannies, the penthouse has 14 rooms.
It’s a decision that she hopes will be redemptive, but that struck me as cruelly selfish and callous, particularly when she shakes off Libby’s anger and pain with uncharacteristic obtuseness: “This is not something that I did to you.
One of the few times I feel like an authentic adult, as opposed to an impostor waiting for the real parents to come claim the kids so I can go home and watch “Saturday Night Live,” is when I’m deep-frying doughnuts for Hanukkah, making a Rosh Hashana kugel, or preparing for the Passover Seder.
The offering plan likely includes language that would protect the developer from claims you could make against him and you would not have a strong claim to sue for your added costs and inconvenience.
Once an arbitrator himself for disputes between companies, the judge said he had nothing against the forum, as long as both sides wanted to go.
It has sent teams to scan a dozen high-risk but still-accessible sites in Syria and Iraq, and plans to extend the project to 200 other locations in neighboring countries.
Which is why the recent push by Marvel and DC for greater diversity in comics doesn’t make much sense.
So the local press is covering it almost every day.
“I worry about how we can stay here without a home.
AbbVie needs to diversify because it now gets almost two-thirds of its sales from the drug Humira, which is used to treat various autoimmune diseases and is currently the world’s best-selling medicine, Mr. de la Merced and Mr. Pollack write.
Paes has now won 18 Grand Slam titles in men’s doubles and mixed.
Instead, we are all invoking a common vocabulary to express aspirations that, at the broadest level, everyone can embrace.
It came between Cersei, the Season 5 M.V.P.
Hillary Clinton was officially nominated on July 26 at the Democratic Convention.
But there is a risk that Mr. Tsipras will not dump all the rebels from his party because he is afraid of swelling the ranks of the splinter group.
They’d need their own ZIP code.
So there are issues of the areas not included and they assume the 17 percent of the ocean not sampled warms at the same rate, but in fact the Arctic and Indonesian regions are warming much faster, but at least they did include something.
She is 5 feet 10 inches, slim and graceful, with soft blond curls framing a heart-shaped face of porcelain skin reminiscent of Glinda the Good Witch in “The Wizard of Oz.” As a child, she was precocious and “very bubbly, very positive,” according to her older sister, Britta Thomas.
Jacob deGrom is at 105 pitches and might face a few more batters.
“Esta cifra, una cuarta parte, parece ser el número mágico: es la misma que comúnmente aparecen en los ensayos farmacéuticos” de antidepresivos , comentó Erick Turner, coautor del estudio, profesor asociado de psiquiatría de la Universidad de Salud y Ciencias de Oregon y autor principal del artículo de 2008 que detalla el sesgo en las pruebas clínicas de esos medicamentos.
During the court proceedings, Mr. Benyettou testified that Chérif Kouachi had expressed his hatred for Jews and said he wanted to “burn synagogues,” “vandalize Jewish stores in Paris” and “terrorize the Jews,” according to a court document in the case.
But I’m very pleased that Under Armour has agreed to sponsor the bout.
It’s fun because it feels like you’re in a hotel and you’re having breakfast in bed.
The trail is a triumph of serenity and solitude.
Woodstock Film Festival, various locations.
The subpoenas seek communication records related to the testing of diesel vehicles and the development of the so-called defeat devices used to trick the emissions testers, along with the company’s communications with the United States Environmental Protection Agency and the California Air Resources Board.
The Lions had an 11-point lead after Matthew Stafford threw touchdowns on their first two drives, but they blew it because they could not protect the quarterback.
If another, as yet undeclared, challenger wins, he might appoint his own head coach.
Kansas was winning conference titles and advancing deep into the N.C.A.A.
Mets host Marlins, 7:10 p.m. (SNY).
For years now, these funds have been a hit with passive investors.
“I told him he didn’t have to bother, but he said, ‘Well, I was making this stock and it was taking longer than I thought.’ I’m thinking, ‘Stock?
For example, the Egg McMuffin, which uses one egg per sandwich , is among the company’s most popular menu items.
If you want to know why many people think of him as a desperately old-fashioned, lazy and cliché-laden choreographer, you don’t need to ask.
No one went up there digging.
When Alyssa replied that her father was the chairman of the Federal Reserve, her roommate’s jaw dropped as she declared: “Your father is Alan Greenspan.” Today, Mr. Bernanke is known around the globe and has many legacies, including, he noted, a highway “exit in South Carolina.”
“For the first time, the war along Turkey’s borders moved within Turkey on Monday,” said Verda Ozer, a nonresident senior fellow at the Atlantic Council , a Washington-based research group, who was recently in Suruc.
Mediators must destroy all documents and notes when the process is completed, and “there will be no record” of the mediation other than the identities of the parties, the terms of any resolution and the name of the mediator, the guidebook said.
In Commentary magazine , Michael Rubin of the American Enterprise Institute, a Pentagon official under 43, warned: “It is hard to imagine Baker giving such full-throated support to Jeb Bush unless he sees in Bush a kindred spirit.” Though Jeb is more apt to do his homework, he’s unformed on foreign policy, like his brother — except that his brother was elected before 9/11.
But that presumes that funding for Gateway comes soon — and that the existing tunnels hold up, despite age and damage caused by flooding from Hurricane Sandy in 2012.
• On the Upper West Side, a triplex with a sleeping area, a living area, an eat-in-kitchen and two baths in a brownstone.
As the crew sped down Route 62 in their van, looking for a panorama without houses or power lines, part of the sun was already below the horizon.
He was a highly regarded local newscaster in Washington, D.C., college-educated and with strong views about racism and equality.
Already, the arrangement that Gilead struck with the Egyptian government has been emulated by other pharmaceutical companies.
The store closings amount to only about 2 percent of the 8,232 drugstores the company runs in the United States, Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands.
One billion dollars has already been spent on building Lavasa, excluding land costs, since work started on the first phase a decade ago, according to Rajiv Duggal, chief executive officer of the Lavasa Corporation.
Hours earlier, Hillary Clinton unveiled a plan to stop online recruitment by the Islamic State that focused on enlisting Silicon Valley and passing tougher gun laws.
Ms. Graham also illustrated “The Pack Rat’s Day: And Other Poems” (1974), by Jack Prelutsky; “What If?” (1987), by Else Holmelund Minarik; and a series she wrote herself about a dog name Benjy, beginning in 1971 with “Benjy and the Barking Bird.”
“How else do you compensate for this extra money you’ll have to pay?” Like many owners, Ms. Cohen has long wanted to close the yawning earnings gap between those who prepare the food and those who serve it.
The bead released chemicals into the surrounding tissue that interfere with Fgf8 and Lef1.
A spokesman for the Taliban, Zabihullah Mujahid, said Friday on Twitter that the militants had shot the plane down, Agence France-Presse reported.
With the third pick, the Philadelphia 76ers ended the suspense and chose Jahlil Okafor, a center from Duke.
The European Union has sought — and failed so far — to get the permission of the Libyan government to allow it to carry out those operations in Libyan waters and on Libyan shores.
(Dr. Engelbart died in 2013 .)
Saturdays, 1 to 4 p.m. Museum of the Historical Society of the Nyacks, 50 Piermont Avenue.
Both these forerunners were intensely competitive, he said.
Will we be live-blogging the news via Slack regularly or is this something to be reserved for live events like debates and awards shows?
ST. FRANCIS 43, WAGNER 14 Zack Drayer threw three touchdown passes, all to Frank Failace, and St. Francis (Pa.) (3-2, 1-0 Northeast) ran away from visiting Wagner (0-6, 0-2).
to Use Drones | The company said that drones could help accelerate surveys of disaster areas, speeding up claims handling, risk assessment and payments.
At 3-3, he made a few errors off the forehand side to lose his serve at love.
“You know, I’m particularly interested in the process of thinking through art and design,” Ms. Amfitheatrof said recently.
True to the company’s new spirit, the season also features two new dances from Mr. Taylor, as well as Martha Graham’s “Diversion of Angels.” The commissions — which included a third choreographer, Lila York — were announced in March.
At 1 p.m., Metropolitan Opera House, Lincoln Center, 212-362-6000, metopera.org.
Marriage fraud is a federal crime, but the five-year statute of limitations had passed.
So far this year, CohnReznick has hired 90 directors and managers, whose salaries range from $100,000 to $300,000 and who tend to be either certified public accountants or lawyers.
He played valve trombone and trumpet in his high school orchestra and secured his first professional engagement, which paid 75 cents a night, with the help of his tuba-playing brother-in-law.
This is what Charlie Kindleberger used to call “taking the first bite of the cherry”.
"While slow and steady growth throughout the country may sound like an unambiguously good thing, some of these markets were unaffordable to begin with and are not getting any cheaper," said Patrick Newport, an economist at IHS Global Insight.
Elsewhere in Europe, citizens added their voices to the tide.
The majority of Hoiberg’s roster never held similar aspirations to recreate Hilton Magic, the phrase that became synonymous with Iowa State’s program when Hoiberg was a ball boy and the Cyclones regularly upset top-25 teams at home.
Hoping to match the heavyweight champion Rocky Marciano’s 49-0 career, he lost a unanimous decision to Michael Spinks, who was upstaged by Roberto Duran, Sugar Ray Leonard, Marvin Hagler and Thomas Hearns seemingly trading the lightweight, welterweight and middleweight titles among themselves.
Officials from both the Obama and George W. Bush administrations “have observed that the kind of offensive, hateful, divisive rhetoric that we’ve seen from a handful of Republican candidates for president is damaging and dangerous,” Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said in a briefing on Monday.
Du Bois had an insight that privilege isn’t only about having money — it’s a state of being.
But the bank said it would not increase the rate it pays on deposits.
While Mr. Ahmad tried to get Mr. Sampson to speak about his paralegal friend, the senator deflected the attempts, reassuring Mr. Ahmad that he has not forgotten about his troubles.
Mohegan Sun, 1 Mohegan Sun Boulevard.
For better or worse, streaming services may turn us into cultural nomads.
“Simply put, Deutsche is not the Goldman Sachs of Europe ,” Huw van Steenis, head of European banks equity research at Morgan Stanley, said in an email on Sunday.
Mickelson, 44, was trying to become the second-oldest golfer to win the Masters.
Activision and Mr. Kotick have taken a slower approach to the mobile gaming sector, which they have viewed as significantly different from their core business.
For the Yongshan Persuaders, a group of older Chinese volunteers who patrol their neighborhood of Fengtai in southwest Beijing, no infraction is too small in the service of public order.
Between 1949 and 1998, every time Kentucky won the national championship, the Yankees won the World Series.
All we talked about was what he’s going to do from here on out.
He next went to the inspector general’s office of the Department of Homeland Security.
They believed Confucius’s ideals led to the destruction of state power since he argued a man’s primary responsibility was to his family, not the government.
JAN MOWDER HUGHES Garrison, N.Y. To the Editor: Gail Collins’s column (“ Republicans Talk the Talk ,” Sept. 17), as well as your news articles, give much importance to the debating skills of the Republican presidential candidates: their applause-getting statements, their ability to attack and fend off Donald Trump and one another, their ability to make whatever statements they feel will encourage supporters, their quick solutions to the myriad problems facing this country.
Still, it argued that membership in the bloc remained in the national interest.
The Rangers did not alter their roster substantially after falling one victory short of the Stanley Cup finals in June, but their moves were pointed.
Bill support was coming to an end, forcing him to seek jobs as an art teacher, a textile designer and a custodian.
“No doctor wanted to put their name to it,” Mr. Siqueira said.
The directors Charlie Kaufman and Duke Johnson discuss the difficult work of bringing puppets to life in their stop-motion film.
“If I lived in Iowa, I don’t know that I need them.” The test races appear intended to disprove potential safety concerns.
What do you make of this?
The deluge struck at a time of year that usually brings snow, not rain.
But even as some said the study offered a new treatment option, others questioned spending so much on a trial that was unlikely to lead to major improvements in the way the condition was treated.
Members of the audience spoke about a litany of problems plaguing the city and called for better policing, policies to create jobs, and better schools.
A review by the Department of Justice found that more than half of the suicides in juvenile prisons occur during solitary confinement.
But the parties and their campaigns mostly gloss over the country’s pressing issues by competing to hand out gifts while making vague promises of jobs, security, education and social programs.
Hezbollah and its followers revered Mr. Kuntar for enduring nearly 30 years as a prisoner of Israel.
Now, the reports of his death cast further uncertainty over the fate of the current peace talks, which began July 7 at a resort in Murree, Pakistan.
The traffickers are certainly odious figures, recklessly placing migrants in peril.
“It definitely was important for us to strike back,” said Hamilton.
Just days before its men’s wear show in Paris, which last season featured a crocodile bomber jacket , Hermès got what was presumably a not-so-nice surprise: accusations from People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals that the house sources its exotic skins from crocodile farms in Texas and Zimbabwe that abuse the animals.
She sailed to victory in 2010, when Brazil’s economy boomed with 7.5 percent growth and Mr. da Silva enjoyed widespread popularity.
Days after the counteroffensive began, Poroshenko went to Minsk, Belarus, where he agreed to a cease-fire that ceded wide authority to the rebels, in effect creating a frozen conflict zone in eastern Ukraine propped up by Russia.
Tavares assisted on Ryan Strome’s power-play goal with 12 seconds left in the first period and set up Brock Nelson’s goal 6 minutes 46 seconds into the second period.
Dr. Grossman and Dr. Glass pleaded not guilty.
The local authorities often disclose names too quickly because of public pressure or fear of lawsuits, Mr. Smith said, and the legislation would help reduce those pressures.
The students did not call the police, but there was little the authorities could have done if they had.
At one conference, her son said, she was challenged by a respected scientist about her research on fat and fertility.
And although Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, struggles to carry a tune, he occasionally tries.
Who has the tenacity and the ability and the proven track record of getting that done?
And it is also believed that some makers of other carbon fiber products, like auto parts and tennis rackets, are in on the trade.
Be with one yeah.” His confident conclusion: “I’ve said what I meant.” Ms. Stess, a recent graduate of the playwriting program at Brooklyn College, is a playwright and director who emphasizes language and theatricality over plot, character and narrative structure.
Her husband was an aide to Jefferson Davis, the Confederate president.
But pressure continued to build, with some people demanding that the land be preserved and others arguing for a smaller house closer to the road.
On the same evening, “Richard,” a fun lark, began as an ordinary sketch show until the actors in a pointedly stale piece about a male Mary Poppins (Larry Poppins) that was part of “Richard” broke character, leading to a meta-story line about a Comedy Central scout coming to the theater.
Lloyd H. Miller, a proud son of Brooklyn and leader of the band the Deedle Deedle Dees, known for its tunes celebrating science and history, hosts this event — with singalongs, stories and skits — the first Saturday of every month.
“Every now and then, I got a bee in my bonnet and started looking around.
The apartment was bought through the limited liability company 79A Mosholu Park Avenue.
Most of the ice in New York Harbor has floated down river from this temporary tundra, lodging itself in the curving coves around the harbor’s shores.
MISSISSIPPI 73, FRESNO ST. 21 Chad Kelly threw for 346 yards and four touchdowns, and Quincy Adeboyejo caught three touchdown passes to lead No.
Updated, March 13, 10:35 p.m. | One of Bill Weir’s destinations, the island nation Vanuatu, was just hit by category five Cyclone Pam , with many reports of utter devastation .
Weekdays, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Saturdays, 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. University of Connecticut Stamford Art Gallery, 1 University Place.
Among his visitors around the time was a French publisher, Bolo Pasha.
According to Russian news reports, Muslim leaders had planned to hold a demonstration in Moscow on Sunday, but city officials denied permission for the rally, citing security concerns.
And the institution suggested that a large part could be sold to defray some costs of the curation and the care of items the museum might add to its collection.
As fighting raged outside this spring, a United Nations peacekeeper was shot in the head while sitting inside his trailer.
Really, where is that man?
Opposition lawmakers say that Mr. Harper did not fully reveal the extent of the ground troops’ role last year.
The Lyric Opera said that Renée Fleming, an inspiration for one of the novel’s characters, curated the project in her capacity as the company’s creative consultant , proposing the book as a subject and helping to line up the composer and librettist.
The former officer has his own supporters.
A “D” recommendation signals that a service should not be used because there is at least a moderate certainty of no net benefits or that harms outweigh benefits.
Fognini was up 40-0 on his serve at 4-4 when Nadal’s trademark defense seemed to rattle him.
President Obama should direct the Fish and Wildlife Service to retain protection for wolves; if it doesn’t, they could be wiped off the face of the American landscape forever.
And of course, everyone knows a Yente, even if they’re not Jewish.
They finished fourth in the Six Nations last year.
“Me emociona trabajar con Ivy para ofrecerle orientación y apoyo; ella encabeza el equipo y trabajamos juntos para incorporar en futuros proyectos lo que hemos aprendido.” Varias personas que conocen los planes de Fadell para las Glass comentaron que iba a rediseñar el producto desde cero y que no lo lanzaría sino hasta que estuviera terminado.
Today, it is so popular that collectors abound, auctions regularly set records for sales of old bottles, and the price of prime vineyard land has skyrocketed, particularly the best grand cru and premier cru sites, the top of the Burgundian hierarchy of terroir.
“It was ready for us,” said Ms. Chuquirima, 37, a daycare worker and an Ecuadorean immigrant like her husband Amable Chuquirima, 44.
Decide if that phrase is fine the way it is, or if it should be revised to correct errors.
A jury at the end of March rejected all of Ms. Pao’s claims.
But both Congress and the White House should be doing more.
Developed economies like those of the United States, the European Union and Japan need to play an important role by providing more aid, expertise and private investment to developing countries.
“We will miss him.” The remaining board members, the company said, will stand for re-election.
I suspect it won’t be, because the Revolutionary Guards remain at the core of the Supreme Leader’s coalition and they, not the moderate foreign minister, are the crucial advocates of an aggressive stance in the region.
Still, analysts warn, even if upstarts win in those cities, their challenge will be keeping a clean slate.
HEAT 104, NETS 98 Dwyane Wade scored 28 points and added nine assists, Chris Andersen tied a career high with 18 points and set a season high with 14 rebounds, and Miami finished off a season sweep of the visiting Nets.
Stanford called a timeout, Utah fans were delirious, and Krystkowiak rushed the floor — not to high-five Wright, as most players did, but to wrap Chapman in a hug.
There is good reason to keep Hamilton on the $10 bill.
“With antibiotics, the pain’s gone almost immediately.
Beyond next season, he said, the league was looking at trimming the number of preseason games.
The oncoming wave of new development in 2015, some real estate watchers predict, will temper that price growth and slow the pace of sales, providing some relief to Manhattan buyers.
It’s a promising start to an ambitious new series from Hogarth, which has assembled an all-star roster of stylistically diverse writers to translate Shakespeare’s timeless plays into prose.
A lot of the offerings aren’t very good, but the total event is wonderful and terrible and heartbreaking.
The bride’s father is a senior project manager at GHD, an engineering services firm in Buffalo.
For some, the renaming ceremony is simply an opportunity to celebrate their new names and gender identity with the ones they love.
Uber, which has collected billions of dollars in venture capital and is in talks to raise more money at a $50 billion valuation , is now operating in more than 300 cities across six continents.
WEATHER After a cloudy day with a high around 30 , snow descends on the evening commute.
In 2009, scholars from the University of Illinois published a study in the journal Social Indicators Research charting the relationship between success and stress.
New Amsterdam Theater, 214 West 42nd Street, 866-870-2717, aladdinthemusical.com.
He asked Ms. Shah for her phone number before she followed her roommate out of the car.
Reminiscent of Fluxus and other art movements, these pieces also show you possibilities for socially engaged art in the present.
“We’ve gotten very price-sensitive.” Of primary concern are “me-too” companies that are fetching both investor dollars and sky-high valuations that aren’t necessarily merited.
He and his wife recycle more now, but he is also simply fond of the contraption.
You’d think the maker of an alcoholic beverage tasting intentionally like a Moon Pie (chocolate and marshmallow) wouldn’t be interested in turning out some fine bourbon whiskey, but you’d be wrong.
Senate Democrats, newly in the minority, are moving to shift the political burden to Republicans for holding up funding for the agency that is in charge of fighting domestic terrorism as well as controlling immigration.
We’re going to have to be almost perfect.” Stroman was not far from it, scattering five hits, walking one and striking out five with a vast repertoire of pitches, almost all of which seemed to dance and dart on their way to home plate.
As his players took the court for warm-ups ahead of their semifinal against Lehman, Micallef could relate.
Most of the other climbers made it down the mountain in the darkness early Saturday, some with broken limbs.
When the world was just new, Story came into being, and it came with the beguilements of gossip, and talebearing, and rumor.
But the same ambiguity did less to bring clarity to the pressing family issues that some Catholics and their parish priests must deal with in their daily lives.
Learn about it here: Novak Djokovic routed Marin Cilic, 6-0, 6-1, 6-2, to advance to his sixth U.S. Open final.
The failure to comply with custody rules occurred between November 2007 and August 2013, the Financial Conduct Authority said.
Triple-pane windows and added insulation may add costs upfront, but these expenses are offset by the smaller boilers and smaller heating and air-conditioning systems passive houses require.
(Sept. 21): 365 West 46th Street.
(Dargis) ‘Hotel Transylvania 2’ (PG, 1:29) Adam Sandler returns as the voice of Dracula, whose daughter and her human husband (voiced by Selena Gomez and Andy Samberg) have produced a son.
But after years of extensive ordering by airlines and jet leasing companies, industry analysts expect the hauls this year to be relatively subdued.
At Against Nature, 159 Christie Street.
Young artists momentarily heralded as the next big thing can just as quickly be tossed in the trash.
Through its Numericable-SFR division, Altice is one of the largest telecom operators in France, with about 6.5 million fixed-line customers and 22.5 million mobile customers.
But this time, she had a nationwide audience to make her case that the issue has become nothing more than a partisan attack.
Ms. Kim, the youngest on the alley, was relegated to that location several years ago because her foot injury made it increasingly hard for her to wear high heels, an essential prop for younger prostitutes.
But this time, the Capitals stunned the Rangers with a goal by Joel Ward with 1.3 seconds remaining, capping a physical contest that perhaps established a tone for the series, the fourth time in five years the teams are meeting in the playoffs.
Jessie is on the phone, trying to talk the man onto his plane.
Taser International, the manufacturer of the electrical weapons, said in May that more than 18,000 law enforcement agencies had purchased the devices, which are used about 900 times a day.
He has always insisted that the charges were baseless and politically motivated.
As both he and Dr. Wheeler later recalled, it all started over tea .
The Russian people will rise up again, but the path to a sustainable democracy and stable economy will be challenging.
If the Supreme Court extends marriage rights, all remaining states will be forced to end restrictions.
It was colored yellow and red to signify heavy subsidence, and the stream of color connected all the way down to Mr. Michael’s diversion point.
The bride, 29, is a senior property accountant for the NorthStar Asset Management Group in New York.
There were certain things on this record where I was like: “Oh, Aaliyah wouldn’t push this.
“I bow my head in apology,” he said.
“You saved my children!” he says.
The Patriots fans, though, had the last laugh.
“The lying and stealing has already occurred.” And Wednesday night in Ashland, N.H., Mr. Christie warned at a town-hall forum against voting for a member of the United States Senate, this time without mentioning any of the senators — including Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz and Lindsey Graham — who are his rivals in the primary field.
I was still wondering if I’d ever tasted white beans put to such interesting use as I scraped the last smudges from the plate.
Everyone says this is the most accurate portrayal of Hasidic Jews ever.
That single suggestion is a very telling detail about a man who has long thought that he could do no wrong.
“It’s like we’re going on stock; it’s like a play,” Mr. Lagerfeld said after the show, surrounded by the usual crush of fans.
I had JAMJET/JACKET for the longest time.
The daily newspaper Izvestia quoted a member of the group Communists of Russia as saying that the seized food should be sent to Africa, where it would “elevate the prestige of our country among the people of Africa.” Other public figures suggested feeding the confiscated contraband food to orphans.
Cedar Lake Contemporary Ballet was the envy of many in New York’s dance world: It had a wealthy patron who loved dance, provided good pay and benefits to its dancers, built the troupe a chic Chelsea home and almost single-handedly bore the brunt of the company’s costs.
Hoffman has also befriended a 22-year-old high school dropout who told me he has a mental illness, is addicted to drugs and is occasionally suicidal.
Among the main contenders, Froome leads the two-time Tour champion Contador by 36 seconds; the defending champion Vincenzo Nibali by 1 minute 38 seconds and the Colombian rider Nairo Quintana, the 2013 runner-up, by 1:56.
Boyd apparently collected them from random sources: tag sales and junk shops.
Mr. Holder’s successor as attorney general, Loretta E. Lynch, joined Twitter on Wednesday, when she was sworn in, but has not yet tweeted about the shooting.
Among the pioneers is a nonprofit organization called CyArk, based in Oakland, Calif., which is dedicated to the 3-D digital preservation of cultural heritage.
So in a sense, the firm’s model does predict price movements.
To that end, Zen Hospice Project is working with a design firm, IDEO , to gestate “a kind of movement,” according to Miller, to rethink the entire ecosystem that currently serves someone like Nigel in her final months.
Two star-driven vehicles remain the standout performers among recent Broadway openings.
Alice Rohrwacher: Yes, but at the end of it, one of the technicians came up to me and said, “Even though you’re a woman, you were really good!” I think everyone was shocked at first, like, “What will we do?
Sunshine flies back to town for the weekend.
And one morning during this siege, he looked in the mirror and saw that his iris had changed from blue to green.
Dec. 13 at 3 p.m. $40 and $42.
for 33 years, knows the world of espionage and its darkest corners is never in doubt.
CoCo said that made her a big fan of the star forward.
Uncertain Road The drive for reconciliation defied normal conventions, handled by just two White House aides who bypassed diplomats at the State Department.
His group now includes 10 partners, including him, and plans to hire more in the coming months.
Brazil’s largest city, America’s most populous state and nearly all of South Africa now contend with serious water scarcity.
The journey from Aleppo to Szeged is 1,100 miles on a direct route, but more than 1,500 miles by roads, and more than that to skirt risky checkpoints and follow meandering forest paths and railbeds.
I play the orchestra.” We see Mr. Fassbender from the front, in Mr. Jobs’s signature black turtleneck, at the end, giving us only a glimmer of his performance.
At night, I spent hours watching surf videos featuring scrawny, full-bearded white dudes who had traveled to the beaches of Indonesia, Liberia and South Africa.
“We cannot understand why other countries’ counterterrorism actions are justified but China’s counterterrorism actions are so-called repression of ethnic groups,” Ms. Hua said in response to a question from China Daily.
That was largely unsuccessful.” Mr. Kendall’s biggest moment in the spotlight came during Mr. Starr’s long-running investigation into the Clintons’ Whitewater land dealings and later into whether the president lied under oath to cover up his affair with Monica Lewinsky.
This weekend brings two dance companies to Herbert Von King Park: Laurie M. Taylor/Soul Movement on Friday and the all-male troupe Hearts of Men on Saturday.
That sobriquet, long synonymous with the Blue Devils boss Mike Krzyzewski, belongs to another coach of Polish extraction, Larry Krystkowiak, whose fourth-seeded Utes play top-seeded Duke in a South Regional semifinal Friday in Houston.
2 Amphion String Quartet (Nimbus Alliance NI 6289; one disc) The debut recording of this exciting young quartet brims with propulsive energy and raw drama.
Even if they are largely symbolic, prosecutions themselves are a form of truth telling, and require local governments who often ignored or sanctioned the killings to help re-examine this history.
“We used the Stanislavsky method.” Passing through the Dardanelles in Turkey, they were ordered to sit quietly in their cabins below deck, lest an American warship sailing nearby and bristling with listening equipment pick up their conversations.
Similarly, it could soothe fragile financial markets by holding rates steady, as it is doing now, or by cutting rates, as it does during downturns.
Rather, it is more like exploring a small town, where everyone knows one another, as the group now has 1,100 members.
Its stomach contained the front and rear halves of an adult white-tailed deer, a pair of squirrel carcasses, the bones of a duck, and teeth believed to be from a young cow.
This has made me very aware of unconscious bias.
“The way you get people downtown is to get people living downtown,” Mr. Roach said.
The tourism board for New Zealand proposes coloring to bide the time creatively with new coloring-book-style postcards travelers can download from its website.
“I had to woo him for a while after that,” she said, “but eventually it worked.” Four years later, Mr. Albert proposed with a 1920s Art Deco sapphire and diamond ring over the New Year’s holiday while they were vacationing in Santa Barbara, Calif. “I was not expecting it at all, so for the first few days I was a bit overwhelmed by the idea of actually planning a wedding,” the bride told Vogue.
“A Steeler football helmet,” he said.
Rather than invest more money and hope that customers would overcome their fears, Ms. Litz said the longtime owner had decided to sell the remaining gowns and tuxedos.
But an independent lab’s analysis of the fabrics found no meaningful difference in mineral content between the line of clothing and standard cotton T-shirts.
Hong Kong 2020, a political group led by the city’s former No.
Tongue-in-cheek emojis, info bubbles, text message exchanges and hashtags serve as a kind of pop-up Greek chorus.
It would be good for everyone, reminding millions of Americans that they too are the products of an immigrant culture, which not long ago was forced into silence by fear and intolerance.
Yet the notion can have unintended consequences.
But over a month ago that suddenly changed: Hazara elders and other residents said that the Taliban’s district commander, Mullah Ghulam Hazrat Shahidmal, warned that Hazaras would no longer be allowed through, in what was seen as a troubling step back toward the targeting of minorities by the insurgents.
(Dargis) ★ ‘Queen of Earth’ (No rating, 1:30) A sensational Elisabeth Moss plays a woman who visits her ostensible best friend (Katherine Waterston, very fine) in a teasing, sometimes brutalizing story that’s about friendship but is also about art film, crazy women and the male directors (like Alex Ross Perry) who love them.
One thing that particularly bothers Myers about e-cigarette companies is their advertising, which he believes employs the same tactics Big Tobacco once used to hook youths on cigarettes.
“We are invisible to the Mexican State,” said José Luis Fernández, 54, a construction worker who lives here.
Reyes We don’t give money to the arts; we give money to sports.
Save the Children Action Network is sponsoring this year’s series, which in 2012 was backed by AARP.
Then, last week, Feday-e-Mahaz, a breakaway Taliban faction, posted a statement on its Facebook page saying that “the whereabouts of Mullah Omar is known to everyone, and his grave is in Zabul, may his soul rest in peace.” Zabul is a province in southern Afghanistan.
“What they’re asking is for people to work more and earn less,” said Didier Getrey, a local leader at France’s C.F.D.T.
The truer head of the family, though, is its calm center, Gelsomina (Maria Alexandra Lungu), a sober, dark-haired girl who, while on the cusp of adolescence, has already vaulted into a premature adulthood.
We focus on the destination,” he said.
Lilly said that to comply with antitrust rules it retained no control over pricing once it transferred the rights to the Chao Center and had no say when Chao transferred the rights to Rodelis.
“There were many calls for protests,” he said.
That makes five times the Reds have reached this penultimate stage of the world’s oldest tournament, following the tragedy — the semis of 1990, 1992, 1996, 2001, 2006 and 2012.
One high-flying company on the market, Leshi TV, an Internet video service, has seen its stock jump almost 250 percent in the last year and has a P/E ratio of 358.
“They feel this spike in the stock market today is probably not sustainable.” Even with the rebound, $3.1 trillion in market value, much of it financed with borrowed money, has been erased since mid-June.
The Internet-era abundance of data and clever software has opened the door to tailored marketing, targeted advertising and personalized product recommendations, Steve Lohr reports .
Sleep deprivation is pervasive in high schools across the country.
This is not a case of the paper being touched by the better angels of its nature.
(Though he recently changed things up a bit, cutting off his signature braids.)
The case for the telescope is laid out in “ From Cosmic Birth to Living Earths ,” a report on the future of astronomy commissioned by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA), which runs the Hubble and many other observatories on behalf of NASA and the National Science Foundation.
The Legislature was sued in 2012 by a coalition led by the League of Women Voters, which accused Republicans of violating the State Constitution.
But Mr. Williams may be taking a different tack this time: first reaching a deal Fiat Chrysler can afford, and then trying to get better terms from Ford and G.M.
The firm’s AllBlue fund, which is its largest and invests in other hedge funds, is up 3.6 percent through Nov. 20, according to another person briefed on the firm’s performance.
Rob Daniels, a spokesman for City Ballet, said in an email that he recognized that some of the dancers thought the policy had changed, but that “at no time were N.Y.C.B.
Brienne of Tarth (Gwendoline Christie) and Podrick Payne (Daniel Portman) are chasing Sansa Stark (Sophie Turner), who is still under the protection of Petyr Baelish (Aidan Gillen, above, with Ms. Turner).
Tishman Speyer Properties, another large developer, acquired one site for a major office tower and is buying a second on 11th Avenue, which may become a hotel.
Haley was a mediocre student who never finished college.
It’s sad how much people argue about how rich people spend their money and not about the actual art.
Mr. Jurek said he found the charge of littering particularly galling.
I’ll also ask what they’ve done that changed things for their organization as opposed to just doing the job that they were asked to do.
This is how we will end.
The last time Hillary Rodham Clinton ran for president, she seemed torn over whether to emphasize her chance to make history, or to play down her gender and reassure voters that she was tough enough for the job.
In this video , the director Yann Demange narrates a scene from his debut feature, “’71,” featuring Jack O’Connell.
For the last 40 years of her life, the monarch wore only black and expected everyone else to follow suit.
Mr. Guéant has always asserted that the transfer was payment for the sale in 2008 of two paintings by the 17th-century Dutch artist Andries van Eertvelt to a Malaysian lawyer.
The truth is that Francis saw all that coming.
If he stays healthy, he is a reasonable bet to outproduce eight of the quarterbacks being drafted ahead of him.
“It’s ‘I’m going to compete aggressively in a broad spectrum of all the early primaries and demonstrate that I have staying power.’ ” — Sheryl Gay Stolberg Mrs. Clinton , who has shown signs of trying to contrast herself with President Obama , pushed on Monday to expand her efforts to improve access to prekindergarten for moderate- and low-income families.
Of course, not everyone is happy with the new rule.
He shrugged and regained his good cheer, throwing his arms up in anticipation of victory.
Tuesdays through Saturdays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.; and by appointment.
I’m also not suggesting that people start drinking coffee by the gallon.
A spokesman for Egypt’s Foreign Ministry did not return calls seeking comment.
“‘Cause it didn’t work.” Failure is an everyday experience for an artist, but both Howe and Quaytman are obsessed with it.
His comments came after another official at the authority said fares might need to be raised if the agency had to close the gap by issuing debt.
Keanu Reeves, himself putting a funny spin on his not uncommon performance mode of melding virtue with cluelessness, plays Evan, a happy and ultra-devoted dad and husband.
(Isherwood) ★ ‘The King and I’ Bartlett Sher’s resplendent revival of this Rodgers and Hammerstein classic, set in the royal court of 19th-century Siam, is both panoramic and personal, balancing epic sweep with intimate sensibility, lavish set pieces with exquisitely sung soliloquies.
When someone takes off, our customers are affected.
LAURA COLLINS-HUGHES UNUSUAL FANBOY What kind of music do you listen to?
For all the ambition of President Obama’s plan to significantly expand the number of Americans eligible for overtime pay, the proposal falls well short of helping substantially increase middle-class wages, its chief advertised benefit.
He has more power, media magnetism and authenticity in his lone functioning lung than Donald Trump has in his entire empire of ego.
MEDITATION AND LIGHTS OUT If I’m really tired and I don’t feel like I’ll get to my meditation time, I’ll watch “Veep” the next day.
11 a.m. We start the tech rehearsal with the dancers in costume for the Bach piece, “Preludes and Fugues.” 11:15 a.m. Jim, Santo and I discuss the color palette Jim wants for the ballet.
The Big 12 refused to obey the football laws of gravity — not to mention the actual laws of gravity.
Like the Patriots, San Francisco had a run spanning 14 seasons in which it won several championships, five in the 49ers' case, with no Super Bowl losses.
The euro crisis, the Ukraine crisis, the crisis of confidence — it’s just too many crises for a single nation.
There are moments in the film, like the big “reconciliation” scene with his out-of-wedlock daughter, Lisa, that are almost offensively in opposition to the truth.
Mr. Purple envisioned a continuing expansion of the garden, said Amy Brost, who interviewed him for StoryCorps in 2006 and made a short film about him with Mr. Wang.
missed a chance to take a stand.
12 Grapes Music and Wine Bar, 12 North Division Street.
But there would be a symbolic value to placing gay people on the other side of a legal line meant to protect groups that have suffered grave discrimination at the hands of the government.
PELHAM Pelham Art Center “TechNoBody,” group show.
• For a global look at what’s happening, see Your Monday Briefing .
“There were no flashes of anger or radicalization, just an absence of happiness,” Mr. Shami said.
Two of the banks that may be the hardest hit by lower investment-banking fees are among the biggest.
Infected by the restlessness of the times and by their own youthful ambition, they came up with an inspired idea for a movie.
When Ms. Pelosi was the speaker, she required food vendors to provide compostable utensils; when Republicans took back the House in 2011, they brought plastic forks back with them.
The United States women’s gymnastics team dazzled during qualifying at the 2015 world championships Saturday in Glasgow, posting the top overall score to cement its status as heavy favorites for a repeat.
director, James B. Comey, who has long warned about the “going dark” problem, and offered up evidence a week ago that an attack in Texas this year had been plotted over encrypted text messages, which he said investigators still could not crack.
Some want to buy their own gun.
It apparently didn’t matter to the National Football League that October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month.
It was, in the end, just so Pedro.
LOST FOR WORDS , by Edward St. Aubyn.
He did not have an African-American classmate until middle school, and said he did not experience full integration until high school.
For updates throughout the day, like us on Facebook .
Initial funds go to a bevy of consultants, most of them white, most of them well connected, some of whom are getting paid $1,000 a day.
“Wonder if the imbeciles who buy this case will live long enough to enjoy it,” wrote an Amazon user under a listing for one of the cases.
Look, if you want a Republican that’s going go grow government spending, if you want a — a president or if you want a candidate who’s going to income taxes, I’m not your guy.
Mrs. Stern, who became the president of the organization, played a major role in expanding its scholarship program, which allowed young Israelis in the arts to study abroad.
After a private celebration at the British Library on Monday, 1,215 lottery winners will have the chance to view the documents on Tuesday.
A couple of hundred yards down the beach from Gombe’s ranger station and lodge, Goodall keeps a small house for herself.
(Webster) ‘The Golden Toad’ (closes on Sunday) The experimental troupe the Talking Band marks its 40th year with this production, for which the audience moves among four different theaters to check in on the lives of a handful of characters as they evolve over several years.
Josh Young stars as an Englishman uneasy with the slave trade.
These so-called core retail sales correspond most closely with the consumer spending component of gross domestic product.
Ryan Fitzpatrick stood at his locker, a cellphone cradled against his ear, his back to the room, his damaged left thumb wrapped.
“We’re not going to sit there and be part of this kind of extraordinarily craven behavior at the expense of the sovereignty and integrity of a nation.” After their meeting, Mr. Kerry told reporters that “more serious sanctions” were being weighed, and he added that he expected President Obama to make a decision on what steps to take in the next few days.
Harvey and composed with Nick Bicat.
eventually merged with Compaq Computer, a PC maker, in 1998.
“It’s just not something we want to determine as a collective,” Helene Combs Dreiling, the institute’s former president, told me.
“Luckily, we didn’t have rugs,” Ms. Halsman said.
“black site” would have been inadmissible.
They complain that a guaranteed painting that sells publicly for $60 million may actually have sold for, say, $55 million when the guarantor’s fee is subtracted.
It’s not surprising that bad events still have a stronger impact on us than good ones, and that we recognize hostile faces more quickly than friendly faces.
Improbably, the issue of Hebei’s capital resurfaced as a national issue.
Yes, but it’s also the most hackneyed way for people whose lives are less volcanic.
“We don’t have to always necessarily put a humorous spin on it,” Alex said.
Or — if he or she is one of the Republicans now engaged in that party’s nasty, nativist campaign for the nomination — not.
Mr. Gray, unlike most in the lunch line, is Catholic.
DIVING PALS “Le Grand Bleu,” or “The Big Blue,” the 1988 English-language French cult classic directed by Luc Besson, focuses on the relationship between two free-diving champions.
To put a finer point on it: Even when bail is set comparatively low — at $500 or less, as it is in one-third of nonfelony cases — only 15 percent of defendants are able to come up with the money to avoid jail.
Saturday’s game also showed that no team can win 91 percent of its games — as New Zealand has done since January 2010 — without knowing how to close out the defensive games, too.
The Times welcomes comments and suggestions, or complaints about errors that warrant correction.
While both sides say they are trying to help the squeezed middle class, the divide between the two parties on actual fiscal policy may be as stark as at any time since Bill Clinton’s first term and the government shutdowns of 1995 and 1996.
It’s a striking image of a billionaire in exile: Here’s a man whose banishment from Colombia once meant a sojourn to a five-star hotel in Panama City, but now he’s having to retreat into the woods like an animal.
I had missed the first set but saw that Serena had won 6-2, and assumed, as so many others did, that she would waltz into the final.
He joined the Red Cross, and she worked as a nurse with Irish nuns until 1967, when the Nigerian civil war forced them to flee with their two children in the middle of the night, abandoning the dolls and most of their belongings.
He goes through a kind of purgatory, where the people who shaped his life appear: Addie, his mother, who raised him as an only child in Kansas City, Mo.
The heist, if successful, would solve their problems, and Sam and his sweetheart, Kate (Leven Rambin), a former cheerleader, could leave town and start over.
Few writers pay as much attention to keeping fires banked and stoves lighted, all the paraffin and turf and damp logs and coal.
A brilliant journalist, memoirist, humorist, foodie.
The critical reputation of Pouilly-Fuissé nose-dived in the 1980s and ’90s, but it began to rebound with the turn of the century as the new wave in the Mâconnais began to be recognized for its success.
For the sommeliers, the meals offer a chance to commiserate, but also to pour esoteric wines for friends sure to appreciate them.
You worry that someone will take issue with you in the popcorn line.
But parts of the proposal would require the approval of European Union governments and lawmakers, and could take years to come to fruition, if it ever does.
Jedlicka was never more than five minutes away from Facebook, and from his tiny theoretical country, he spoke a plastic message of faith and empowerment.
Lotus House in La Jolla, Calif., 1980.
City officials, while disputing some examples cited by Mr. Stringer as inappropriate, said they had already identified a reliance on PON1 payments as an area of concern.
Truly, Phil Spector’s former protégée has been an indelible voice in pop since the 1960s — the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame agreed when she was made one of its 2011 inductees.
The Misha Nonoo x Aldo Rise footwear collaboration shown on the Misha Nonoo spring runway, which includes high-heeled strappy sandals ($160) and pointed toe flats ($100), both with ankle ties, is now in store.
It is being bolstered by a tightening labor market, which is helping to spur some pickup in wage growth.
If it was not apparent by the sheer number of prospective Republican candidates — currently enough to field a football team, on both sides of the ball — it was underlined by Mitt Romney’s sudden declaration of interest in another campaign and the subsequent reaction: Get in line.
But the connection with the village, I’ve kept that.
He did not take questions from the news media, and his spokesman declined to comment.
While an adult physical exam may be wasting our health care dollars, a pediatric routine visit is surely saving them.
Among the suitors courting Bianca (Mary Linehan in a nimbly underplayed performance) are Gremio (Michael William Bernstein), Hortensio (Michael Tyler) and Lucentio (Lukas Raphael).
But while Mr. Hill is a quick-witted actor, he is also an essentially reactive performer, a born sidekick who plays best with a complicated, charismatic foil, like Brad Pitt in “Moneyball” or Leonardo DiCaprio in “The Wolf of Wall Street.” James Franco, slotted into that role here, doesn’t quite cut it.
A visitor who arrives at the same outlet’s site via Facebook or Twitter will visit fewer than five news pages.
To Katherine W. Phillips, the business school’s senior vice dean, the response to gender issues has been impressive.
It has become a feature that attracts readers and prompts questions from those arrested.
Twenty percent of the company is owned by the state of Lower Saxony, which has veto power over major decisions.
It’s one thing to have someone sing a song or even introduce someone.
Dr. Waldstreicher said the company would consider requests to study data for older devices.
At night, women can be seen riding in cars without their head scarves, while billboards, long the exclusive domain of political figures, now feature celebrities like the Iranian actor Bahram Radan, who advertises leather coats.
The unemployment rate also improved, edging down last month to 5.6 percent from 5.8 percent in November.
Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, who has said Mr. Putin is testing the West over Ukraine, reiterated that sanctions would remain as long as Russia and its friends fought on.
He called the law’s language confusing and vague.
Douglas Durst, 70, has not seen it.
“A bit of a change from life in the barracks,” a gray-haired officer said.
Sita Shrestha was gone, but no longer missing.
rules approved in February that regulate broadband Internet service more like a utility.
The jurors discussed a videotaped walk that Mr. Hernandez had taken with detectives in May 2012, hours after he first confessed.
“I asked people, ‘Why aren’t you taking an Uber?’ ” said Ali Vahabzadeh, chief executive of Chariot.
In small quarters outfitted with old wood floors, a brick fireplace, ’60s furniture and ’80s kitsch, they serve over 120 kinds of cereal, 30 varieties of milk — and toast, Pop-Tarts, teas, soda pop and flat whites.
(A spokeswoman for Mr. O’Malley said that his clean energy plan would create jobs.)
Now scientists in Oregon seem to have hit upon an effective and low-cost solution: Light up the nets.
“He has no idea what’s coming,” the organization’s president, Javier Palomarez, told me.
That’s the good news and the bad news about “Luther.” Across four seasons and 16 episodes, the series has been devoted to the proposition that having Mr. Elba front and center as a dangerously unstable but superfly cop — John Shaft with issues — makes up for any amount of murky, mundane plotting and over-the-top violence and psychodrama.
Solo made her 160th start in goal, passing Briana Scurry for the American record.
HP also appears to be paying about $8 million in fees and costs to the shareholders’ lawyers, according to a subsequently published notification.
That might feel like unintended acceleration to the driver, but inside what Mr. Gerdes called “the chemical plant” in your car, tightly controlled reactions are taking place.
proposed pre-sale disclosure of costs for broker-sold mutual funds was early in the George W. Bush administration; the proposal went nowhere and to this day, brokers need to make those cost disclosures only after the product is sold.
“Why give him what he wants?” Mr. Clowery asked.
“If I’m at 40.9, they’ll say I’m at 40.” He vowed to improve America’s standing in the world, citing his experience as a negotiator, and repeated a call to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, though the details of this endeavor remained murky.
Crossword enthusiasts will appreciate the many insider winks, but everyone will be eager to solve the book’s biggest puzzle: whether Stanley and Vera will succeed in their search for happiness.
The tournaments offer group rates for lodging and sightseeing.
Only the great obstacle of the American boycott of Cuba has remained as an outmoded and divisive force.
As the streets of Baltimore erupted in protest in April after the death of Freddie Gray from injuries he suffered while in policy custody, Mrs. Clinton made race, poverty and the incarceration of men from poor, black communities central to her early campaign.
The couple first met in 2006 through mutual friends when both were in college; they were reintroduced the next year at a Christmas party in New York.
Jeb Bush of Florida announced a new political action committee this week, and, according to Politico , he is ready to release a decade’s worth of tax returns.
But in salmon micromanagement circles, fishery experts said, small successes can resonate: More federally protected fish species transit through Portland, or spend a portion of their lives there, than through any other major metropolitan area in the nation, according to the Center for Biological Diversity, a conservation group.
Cato Nystad, a 39-year-old drum maker, EmmaSofia supporter and organizer of traditional ceremonies that involve psychedelic potions, said many Norwegians wanted to get in touch with their wilder, more spiritual sides.
With its sleekly curving facade and tightly rounded corners, HighCliff is, like Opus, one of Hong Kong’s most instantly recognizable residential buildings.
The problems, which serve as the latest reminder of how political divisions disrupt the agency’s enforcement efforts to punish corporate wrongdoing, emerged after Computer Sciences publicly disclosed last year that it settled with the S.E.C.’s enforcement division.
“These changes are part of our continued path forward from a period of repositioning to a period of growth,” Mr. Gorman wrote.
Kathleen Jordan, Ms. Day’s longtime neighbor in the camp, said: “The houses were simple, but that’s all we needed.
“It was a hard game,” he added, “but we were able to get it done.” Vigneault said the focus would now shift to the playoffs, and that was the main theme in the team’s locker room after the game.
We want to be reunited with our families.
The more complex the train of thought we’re involved in, the greater the impairment the distractions cause.” Or as the economist and Nobel laureate Herbert A. Simon put it even more presciently in 1971, “What information consumes is rather obvious: It consumes the attention of its recipients.
We had rented a tiny apartment with a large deck that looked out on the mile-long beach extending from town.
The pioneering cohort has since expanded to include Michael Chabon, Heidi Julavits, Ben Marcus, Edmund White, John Hodgman, Ayelet Waldman and a cast of critics and visual artists.
Most accounts agree that wherever he was born, Mr. Ben-Jochannan was raised in the Caribbean and moved to New York City around 1940.
In our age of software-based technological disruption, digital billionaires look for breakthroughs that will transform society and reward individual creativity.
As a reporter asked about a former ambassador to Kenya who was fired over infractions that included using personal email for business, Mrs. Clinton signaled that she was done.
I thought that would be hard to find in New York, but I found it here,” he said.
“If this election is going to be a résumé competition, then Hillary Clinton’s going to be the next president,” Mr. Rubio said.
Devonta Freeman (ATL) vs. Dallas — The Cowboys have yielded the fewest rushing yards per attempt entering Week 3 (2.6 yards a carry).
Since Nov. 1, employers have hired more than one million new workers, the best performance over a three-month period since 1997.
Then we have a little breakfast.
I tried to get Capital One, Citi and Barclaycard to beat that 18-month guarantee, but none would name a number.
We lived apart for 30 years and now she lives within five miles of me and I talk to her twice a day and see her all the time.
According to both the military and the family, the soldier grabbed a 12-year-old boy who had been throwing stones at a West Bank protest despite having his arm in a cast.
“I know most of the people in this room, and they are well trained,” Ms. Titus said.
“When I got in at Augusta a couple of years ago, everybody came.
I was honored and delighted to see him again two years ago, and have him deliver remarks when I received honorary degrees in Lisbon .
A study by the Center for Research on Inequality, Human Security and Ethnicity at Oxford University found that the process revealed a political bias in favor of the ruling coalition.
That fall followed a decline of 1.6 percent in regular trading, to close at $212.80.
Perhaps most surprising is the absence of Jeffrey Katzenberg, the Hollywood entertainment mogul, who has been one of the Democrats’ biggest fund-raisers in recent elections.
So a “benevolent” centralized government can do the job.
And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a.m. Sundays.
From the Liberty to Italian Design (1900-1940); Adolfo Wildt (1868-1931).
(Burke) Suzanne Beahrs Dance (Friday and Saturday) The title of Ms. Beahrs’s new work, “Rise,” sounds like a grand call to action but she has a more internal revolution in mind.
“He looks at me,” she recalled, “says ‘It was really nice to meet you,’ turns around and walks away.”
Kulanu is a vehicle for Moshe Kahlon, a popular former Likud politician who wants to be finance minister.
6 p.m. [Free] • Enjoy Neapolitan music beneath the stars as part of the Italian Nights at Athens Square Park in Astoria, Queens.
How we remember, as nations and as individuals, is critical.
He had already begun having doubts about Tahrir and what he considered to be its simplified, absolutist version of Islam.
How will you distinguish yourself from all the other commercial brokerage firms?
in 272 innings, but a shoulder injury early in 1918 derailed his promising career.
Uber has all its drivers sign arbitration agreements, which waive the right to bring class-action lawsuits, so this case covers only California drivers who opted out since 2014 or who drove before then.
The doubts arose almost immediately when HarperCollins announced last month that it would release a rediscovered book by Harper Lee: Did Ms. Lee — 88, publicity-shy and famously resistant to producing a follow-up to her masterpiece, “To Kill a Mockingbird” — really want to publish a second novel that she wrote and set aside more than a half-century ago?
I have nothing against that man,” Mr. Scarcella said, stopping his own testimony to look at Mr. Bunn.
Visual Arts Center of New Jersey, 68 Elm Street.
We were in ashes and dust.
A couple of 3-by-5 cards and a retractable pen.
field, reminding the candidates that though Republican voters reject what they see as Obama’s timid foreign policy, the public has only so much appetite for bellicosity after more than a decade spent entangled in the Middle East.
They tried to put distance between the ships and a nearby area of shoals, where giant swells could crest or the Kulluk, with its 35-foot draft, could drag on the seabed.
And that may be the starkest difference.
Dave Philipps: The data suggest there is little or no added suicide risk associated with multiple deployments, but those studies have been unable to address the amount of combat seen.
Speaking at Gilze-Rijen Air Base in the Netherlands, Tjibbe Joustra, the safety board’s chairman, announced that after meticulous study — including the plastering the charred scraps of the plane onto a skeleton model of the Boeing 777, which sat behind him as he spoke — the board concluded that the plane was brought down by a missile from the Russian-made 9M38 series, fired from a Buk surface-to-air missile system in eastern Ukraine.
Analysts say that Mr. Winterkorn will have to answer tough questions — including when he and other top executives at Volkswagen, which is known for being a tightly controlled, autocratic organization, first learned of the deception.
“We have a huge Type-1 diabetes problem in the U.S., and an even bigger Type-2 problem is emerging.” Type-1 diabetes is often called juvenile diabetes, while Type-2 is typically called adult onset and can be linked to obesity.
Fisher filed the paperwork Wednesday in Los Angeles, a spokesman said.
The Mass started without him, and Cardinal Timothy Dolan gave the Mayor his own special welcome when he finally took his pew.
“They’re not paying attention to this.
But this laugh-out-loud bit of fluff manages to maintain a bubbly mood throughout increasingly absurd plot twists.
It’s a lot to absorb.
Tuesday afternoon, before the accident, Mr. Bostian was driving an Acela Express train from New York to Washington when the electronic signals malfunctioned, forcing him to carry out a long series of safety procedures, including slowing the train, said Karl Edler, the chairman of the Washington branch of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen and a longtime operator on the Northeast Corridor.
He needed palliative care teams to do what they do well: develop advanced care plans, identify the patient’s goals of care, aggressively manage pain and other symptoms, and facilitate communication among different specialists.
But you can see all of this for yourselves by clicking on any of the essays below.
In her kitchen, some ragùs are more delicate, others more robust; some have milk, others have wine; in mine, all I want is the one that best combines delicious, easy and versatile.
“When someone shoots at them, they fire on buildings,” he said as he drove a friend through the city’s checkpoints to catch the only bus still shuttling people out of Aden and across the country to the Saudi border.
“Mike has a way of telling you your baby is ugly, but that he can help you make the baby less ugly, and somehow you don’t want to punch him in the face.” Paula Moan, 52, a wealth manager in Indianapolis who has worked with Mr. Berland, began his program last spring after years of failed dieting.
Deborah Asnis was highly conscientious.” Her two male patients, one 60 and the other 75, had high fevers, had lost control of their arms and legs, seemed disoriented and registered excess white blood cells in their spinal fluid.
For some reason I looked up, around the time when I was trying to figure out the opening of “Zhivago.” I thought, ah, gun.
Soon, his phone was ringing nonstop with people trying to get to Europe, and the cash was pouring in for him — as much as $4,000 per day.
In a sign of the influence of the conference’s younger members, several of those vying to succeed Mr. Silver signaled on Wednesday that they would heed those newer lawmakers’ concerns.
John Whearty Theater, at Westlake High School, 825 Westlake Drive.
And more are in the pipeline.
Families have a citizenship which is divine.
“You just left it here.” In one hand, he holds the clear figurine; the other is shoved down the front of his jeans.
He missed most of spring training with an oblique muscle injury and batted .209 for May, June, and much of July.
Yet he did not speak to Mr. Obama, who has repeatedly said that sanctions could be lifted only gradually as Iran carries out an agreement that would limit its nuclear production and open itself to far-reaching inspections.
Demonstrators took to the streets of Istanbul on Monday, with some accusing President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of collaborating with the Islamic State.
The controversial moment proved a ferocious example for many similarly metal- and punk-infused groups to follow.
“Relax,” Ms. Kempson said, as her dog nuzzled her leg.
나는 눈이 영혼 또는 그 비슷한 무언가의 창으로 불린다는 것을 알고 있습니다./ 그러나 그 순간 내가 느낀 가장 중요한 사실은 단순히 내가 누군가를 바라보고 있다는 것이 아니라 나를 진정으로 바라보는 누군가를 내가 보고 있다는 사실이었습니다.
New revelations about the sexual behavior of Bill Cosby have been greeted as a vindication to many of the women who have accused him of drugging and sexually assaulting them.
spokesman, James R. Cain, wrote in an email.
Mr. Maritz said Cloudera was “looking” at the common standard.
This coup de théâtre immediately gives the work a fresh perspective.
He returned from the trip with a policy proposal: The refugees should stay in Jordan and not be housed in the United States.
This time around, Colin Farrell, Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch star as detectives investigating a murder in an industrial town just outside of Los Angeles.
“Too many times they’ve gotten away with abusive actions toward tenants,” he said.
The Senate returned to session last week after a three-week break with no end to the budget stalemate in sight.
There were futuristic BMWs zipping around the streets surrounding the Las Vegas Convention Center, drones buzzing through the air inside and outside the convention center, and just about everywhere you looked a vision of roboticized homes that take perfect, synchronized care of their inhabitants.
“It’s slow to react to science — it’s slow to react to change,” Dr. David Acheson told Retro Report.
“Oppression by purpose” is the way an employee at one of these companies recently described it to me.
Oct. 2 at 8 p.m. $15.
The British economy has shown impressive growth, expanding 3 percent last year, the fastest among the Group of 7 richest countries, and slowly reducing its budget deficit.
Once seen as a fund-raising juggernaut capable of clearing the field, Mr. Bush has cut salaries, shifted staff out of his Miami headquarters and prompted donor unrest after a deluge of troubling polls and poor debate showings that have raised questions about the viability of his candidacy.
It was a big night for Republicans, turnout matters, and other things you need to know.
If I were a prospect projected at No.
Sponsors can defray part or all of the costs, like the model JetBlue is testing, at least in the short term.
These days, I most fear insomnia.
Jon Caramanica The bleep-button guy would be fired or get a promotion.
to issue a truly protective rule.
In the Enchanted Tiki Room, when the mechanical birds opened up and sang to us, I felt much more than myself, much more than the emperor of ice cream and a lovely girl’s daddy: I felt transported into her realm of astonishment as her eyes blazed with wonder.
Officials for ICE say these accounts are exaggerated.
They’re more exhausted and report lower life satisfaction.
7-seeded Michigan State (26-11) looked like a team desperate to grasp any success.
French motion-picture producers, pointing to the artistic triumphs and box-office successes of Walt Disney, have been casting about lately for Gallic talent to give Walt a little competition, and, incidentally, to capture some of the money flowing so copiously into the coffers of the creators of animated screen cartoons.
Seau’s family has insisted it has no such plan.
That man, a 37-year old who was not immediately named, was hit three times and hospitalized in serious condition.
You can get rid of those epically awful Republicans who have vandalized Congress, marginalized the president and jeopardized our Iran policy.
The rapper Azealia Banks wrote, “ASAP Yams should be remembered as a leader, an innovator and most importantly as an important part of NYC youth culture.” Information on survivors was not immediately available.
(Missing is one in the collection of the White House, which does not lend, though a reproduction of the painting, “Lighter Relieving a Steamship Aground,” is included here.)
He didn’t think the offense was worth such drastic measures.
$5 and $10; members and children under 12, free.
Google declined to comment directly on potential competition with Uber.
The right-handed Jackson arrived in a trade last July, and Zduriencik traded for another right-handed outfielder, Justin Ruggiano, in December.
In Spain, should no politician manage to be approved by lawmakers as prime minister within two months of receiving the royal nomination, new elections will have to be called.
He added: “There he was in the subway so he couldn’t afford a limo or anything like that, nor do I think he cared, really.” It was 1962, and Emerson and the Chases were heading to the West Side Tennis Club for the men’s final of the U.S. Championships.
Eastern Conference LOVE IN THE PLAYOFFS The Cleveland Cavaliers paid a king’s ransom to pry Kevin Love from the Minnesota Timberwolves this season, and things seemed to go wrong from the start.
As for Gomez, he will continue to play center field for a last-place Brewers team unless he becomes part of another deal with some other team before Friday’s trade deadline.
probably won’t do that because it can do better.
Earlier, we mentioned that Raleigh’s percentage is low in part because its area does not include Durham and Chapel Hill.
The open question is whether you will enjoy the benefits of lower rates for long enough to cover that upfront cost.
He said it also references the shifting power relationships between citizen and state; gender wars (there are no women in the painting) and even the nature of the act of painting.
Dad was 17 when his own father died.
A busy year at Monument Park once meant adding one or two plaques to its walls.
Early national polls aren’t exactly predictive of the nomination, but every presidential nominee since 1976 except Bill Clinton has reached about 15 percent of the vote by this point in the campaign.
Residents and building experts say corruption is an open secret , as evidenced by the unlicensed five- and six-story buildings that have risen in recent years.
You can see who watched your Story, but viewers can’t reply.
But the movie is “out of date,” said Mr. Serrano, and it comes “just as we in the city are turning in a different direction.” Why crime in Juárez dropped so quickly is still debated: Officials and experts point to a purge of corrupt police officers and judiciary, better police training, stiffer prison sentences — including the introduction of life sentences for kidnapping, murder and extortion — and energetic efforts by community groups.
The experience on “Juniper Lee” led Mr. Winick to several seasons of pitching live-action television series and, a few years ago, to a revelation: “When you meet people and you answer ‘What do you do?’ I tell them I’m a cartoonist, even though I had not put pencil to papers in years,” he said.
In “Awakening,” he takes inspiration from John Mackey’s original score to tell a story of collective grief and healing.
That study concluded that extreme drought in Syria between 2006 and 2009 was most likely because of climate change, and that the drought was a factor in the violent uprising that began there in 2011.
J. P. Tokoto added four rebounds.
The second reason is that women have higher estrogen levels, which give them the potential for greater use of more abundant body fat stores.
He said the group received a 63.3 out of a passing score of 70.
NYT » BlackRock Buys British Garden Centers | The world’s largest asset manager bought a portfolio of eight garden centers around Britain for $171.1 million from the property investor LaSalle Investment Management, a fresh signal that investors are digging deeper into the property sector in their hunt for yield.
I’ve worked on presidential campaigns since 1996 and always tell clients who are contemplating running that it’s impossible to do so these days without being humiliated.
He will have a healthy Antonio Gates at his disposal, and has performed well away from home, throwing for 1,104 yard with nine touchdowns and no interceptions in his last three road games.
With the rise of digital devices that tell time, track your steps and even pay the dinner bill, it would seem that the demise of the mechanical watch would be fast approaching.
Donald J. Trump angered Hispanics when he referred to immigrants as criminals and rapists during the kickoff of his campaign in June.
Even my father, a black man born in Asmara during Italy’s colonial period, rarely acknowledges our ties with Africa.
Myriad volunteer projects give retirees outlets for their professional skills; for example, mentoring budding entrepreneurs, tutoring children or working on disease prevention.
Today’s indictments hit hard on officials and executives working with Concacaf, the federation covering North and Central America and the Caribbean, and Conmebol, the governing body for South America.
At the same time, its ideas have spread, and there are now a number of alternate paths to becoming a teacher.
The investigation surrounding Mr. Walker remains in legal limbo in Wisconsin , and prosecutions for coordination between candidates and PACs are rare.
Young guests are encouraged to dress up for a chance to walk the museum’s red carpet, be interviewed and have their pictures taken by “paparazzi” from the staff.
At 7:30, 9:30 and 11:30 p.m., Bar Next Door, 129 Macdougal Street, near West Third Street, Greenwich Village, 212-529-5945, lalanternacaffe.com.
The air conditioning was on in his car at the time, so he did not hear orders to stop.
Boras calls it the Pitchers Pad.
Employees worked around the clock to meet scheduled weekday deliveries.
Thomas Gould, Johnson Controls’ design director for North American seating, said that face-to-face seating in fully autonomous cars was “a distinct possibility.” “As long as your eyes and inner ear are telling your brain that you’re moving,” he said, rear-facing occupants shouldn’t experience car sickness.
who score below but near the cutoff for normal can cross back above in a subsequent cognitive test – perhaps because they are having a better day, he said.
The menu is its own kind of time warp: chow mein, chop suey and those egg rolls, filled with shrimp, pork, cabbage and peanut butter.
He’s saying, ‘I’ve got more life left.’ ”
This was how goals have been scored most of the series.
Best outcome this week: Broncos beat Bengals, Patriots beat Jets, Browns beat Chiefs.
They had three children, Toren and Anton Segerstrom and Andrea Grant, who survive him.
Your intuition can smell these like a dead rat, and you figure out creative ways to avoid the worst case.
No announcements were sent, but our friends were informed of the wedding.
“The videos on the website are, in some cases, reportage of those installations.
George may be his closest competitor for the M.V.P.
Most days I wake the girls up and help them get ready, take the girls to school, then take my son to work, then drive to work myself.
But part of the demand has been a speculative bet that the renminbi will continue to rise against the dollar.
But Cespedes rued a missed chance in the third, when the Mets put runners on second and third to start the inning.
IRVINGTON Irvington Public Library “A Perpetual Light,” landscape installation by Michael Thornton-Smith.
Disputes over gas prices between Russia and Ukraine had also led to shut-offs in 2006 and 2008.
Name another Deep South Republican who is willing to price carbon to fight climate change.
Bracing them for the changes to come, Mr. Jindal said his family would be busy this year with extensive travel.
Consumers account for virtually all of the demand for nonsynthetic diamonds.
Anyone who’s perused books of late-19th-century British art will instantly recognize the idyllic image of a young woman in a sheer orange dress curled up in sleep on piles of drapery on a marble bench, with a sunstruck Mediterranean in the distance.
“We don’t anticipate the recovery process will be long term, but as of today, we don’t know the exact time frame.
Adults below this basic level of literacy are far more likely to be unemployed and live in poverty, while individuals who achieve higher levels of literacy are more likely to be employed, earn higher wages, and vote in state and national elections.
It has been part library, part museum, part art gallery, part community center and part anything its creators and collaborators wanted it to be.
Over nine or 10 months we saw a dozen houses that were just O.K., and lost out in a bidding war for a house in Hastings with a spectacular view of the river.
“Now it’s a very high priority, and that was what Reagan did when he defeated Jimmy Carter.
However, in cases where there is an accompanying criminal inquiry, prosecutors typically ask the department to suspend internal interviews, though not its entire investigation.
The country’s debt load rose from $7 trillion in 2007 to $28 trillion by mid-2014, according to a report published earlier this year by the consulting firm McKinsey & Company, China.
Even though Gonzaga stayed close until the barrage that followed Wiltjer’s miss, the outcome never seemed in doubt.
The unique features of the S6 Edge Plus and the Note 5 are useful, but the differences are so minor that you will wonder why you could not have everything in one device.
(Feral chickens are found on other Hawaiian islands, but not in overwhelming numbers.
Have the many decades of expressing rage and despair done its work making space for hope?
A finding on whether it is from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 may take another week, but two senior Australian officials seem increasingly sure that it’s from that jetliner .
She suggested researchers need to do better at teasing out issues known to increase bed-sharing risks.
Poland, no longer a superpower but with a super striker, could in the end overrun Georgia, 4-0, thanks to the perfect hat trick from the right foot, the head, and then the left foot of Lewandowski in the last four minutes of play.
“ I Am Chris Farley ” paints an effusive portrait of its title subject, a man the “Saturday Night Live” creator Lorne Michaels is shown calling an “infuriatingly talented” comedian.
“Marlene was very blunt and direct,” she said.
The idea, Mr. Christie said in a separate interview, would be that he would shoot down a Russian warplane if necessary (a new low in vacuous political posing).
There are YouTube videos generating ad revenue and Amazon Kindle Singles earning royalties, not to mention those emerging studios (like Netflix and Yahoo) that are spending significant dollars on high-­quality video.
member who has gone on to vast success in the music and technology industries, acknowledged the alignment of past and present.
The archdiocese includes the Bronx, Manhattan and Staten Island in the city and six counties north of it.
For now, because the S.E.C.’s criteria are so broad, almost any kind of case might qualify for treatment under the policy.
Investigators determined that he had been locked in his cell for seven days without food or medication.
The groom, 32, graduated from Brown University.
Research shows that groups of friends outperform groups of acquaintances in both decision making and effort tasks .
Muslim groups say that because of this, some Muslims prefer to send their relatives’ bodies back to their countries of origin, or try to find space in a nearby cemetery.
The surprise move in Kazakhstan was in response to falling prices of oil, the country’s main export, and earlier devaluations by its two main trading partners, Russia and China.
The general obligation payment due to bondholders on Sept. 1 is for a mere $5 million, an amount so small that even if the redemption fund is empty at that point, Puerto Rico could still produce the cash right out of general revenue.
Douglas is one of those Brazilians plucked out of his country during his teens, joining Shakhtar Donetsk when he was 19.
The woman who established Wainwright House, Fonrose Wainwright Condict, would have approved of Ms. Richichi’s workshop, Ms. Hill said.
Also requested was a court order to submit as sealed evidence a voice mail message that Mr. Redstone left in September, which Ms. Herzer overheard him leave.
Then January crossed over Anna Cruz, Minnesota’s best perimeter defender, for a layup and a 68-63 lead.
And while Mr. Clayton’s main outlet continues to be the acoustic trio, he doesn’t typically work with the veteran rhythm aces surfacing here: John Patitucci on bass and Bill Stewart on drums.
In Japanese theater, men play female roles in Kabuki, and in the century-old, Broadway-style Takarazuka Revue , women are cast as men.
Tuesdays through Fridays at 8:45 p.m.; Saturdays at 8:45 and 10:45 p.m.; 35 East 76th Street, Manhattan; 212-744-1600, thecarlyle.com.
Michelle hosts a summer concert series on its lawn.
You won’t get to write in pie-in-the-sky words like OBSOLESCE on Mondays.
“One hundred ninety million acres of forest, and it has to hit Daddy?"
Ms. Vishneva, though, gives the steps such volume, such tonal beauty, that she makes this ambiguity vivid.
If Mr. Obama already has the votes to sustain a veto of any resolution disapproving the deal, why will Congress spend time debating it?
Her husband has been relocated to “a more formal detention center at an unknown location,” the statement said.
So far, some cities have raised their minimum wages, and McDonald’s will lift its minimum wage to $10 an hour from $9.01 by 2016, for non-franchise restaurants.
“The think that Kasich has a bit in common” with Mr. Trump, said Earnest Boyd, a pharmacist from Columbus.
“Justice can reach anybody” who breaks the law, said Attorney General Thelma Aldana, speaking to reporters in her office after the vote.
Until the Card-Krueger study , most economists, myself included, assumed that raising the minimum wage would have a clear negative effect on employment.
But now, rather than manning a barricade, his troops were playing a soccer match intended to help repair the rift between the security forces and the residents of West Point.
Inside the walls of the city’s Crusader Courtyard, which, like Masada, is a Unesco World Heritage site, the opera staged “Don Giovanni.” (The festival’s Acre epilogue has been pushed to September this year, with performances of “Le Nozze di Figaro,” as well as Mozart events geared toward children, scheduled for the weekend of Sept. 10 to 12.)
Moments of traditionally male bravura and traditionally female beauty resonate or mix intriguingly — the men at once like boxers and ballerinas — but only in passing.
• Tickets to “Hamilton” or another sold-out show on StubHub for less insane amounts of money.
But when the bill was unveiled on Tuesday, it contained no such language.
Only one emerges the victor — and it’s never him.
O.K., but as the noted programming wizard Fred Silverman warned, “stay away from the hard stuff.
A Thursday opening reception evening at the Prince Street and a few other galleries in Chelsea on a warm summer evening.
But who would be so stupid or debased as to swear something so patently untrue?
Afterward, those creditors will then be able to move any money recovered out of Iceland.
What started as a popular uprising against the Syrian government four years ago has become a proto-world war with nearly a dozen countries embroiled in two overlapping conflicts.
“We recognize that we need to do a lot more to address the changing environment,” Mr. Gulliver said.
We also like the Lock Yard .
Netflix is pouring resources into original productions.
Fognini threw in a handful of unforced errors to lose five points in a row.
Ireland’s Anne Enright, who won the Booker in 2007 for “The Gathering,” was nominated for her novel “The Green Road.” Last year’s Man Booker Prize went to the Australian writer Richard Flanagan, for his historical novel “The Narrow Road to the Deep North,” about an Australian doctor in a Japanese POW camp on the Thai-Burma death railway.
Rooting for the film’s designated good guys means rooting for economic collapse, and you feel the awfulness of this contradiction.
“It’s definitely going to be tough, but it will be fun at the same time,” center Casey Cizikas said.
Two-thirds of the rest of the clubs played in fear of relegation to the Championship, one league below.
Think the owners have been pocketing a few extra dollars from bloated national and local television deals since then?
The presence of civilians has precluded him from attacking one particular Islamic State checkpoint, he said.
It qualified for the Games one time after that, in 1988, also losing all six games.
Muguruza, who has never faced Safarova, said she did not necessarily view Sharapova’s exit as an indication that her path had become easier, but ultimately conceded the point.
“If they had just waited one more day, nobody would have ever known.” As talented as they were enigmatic, as charming as they were exasperating, the Lopez brothers left Stanford after two seasons for the riches of the N.B.A.
David Eric Casebolt, had helped console the grieving widow of a man who had shot himself in the head in front of his children, and had assisted in photographing the body, and then in a separate case calmed a teenage girl who was threatening to commit suicide by jumping off her parents’ roof, said his lawyer, Jane E. Bishkin.
Uighurs , a mostly Muslim Turkic group, were once an overwhelming majority in the region, but they now make up about 40 percent of Xinjiang’s 22 million people.
Inside, Mr. Marshall said, vandals long ago ripped out the copper pipes and anything else of value.
We have a family dermatologist, Christie Kidd in Beverly Hills.
It was desperately hard to make ends meet in Russia; crime was rampant and food shortages endemic.
WHY did he say he wrote his memoir, “Some Assembly Required”?
The Teaching Topics Index includes a continuously updated list of resource collections and lesson plans on frequently taught books (like “ The Great Gatsby “), topics (like World War I ) and general ideas for teaching and learning with The Times (like our “ 50 Ways to Teach With Current Events .”) Our category and tagging system helps to group articles together by subject matter.
“The Cubs and Red Sox might be two teams prepared to take a gamble like that,” Callis said.
Their Jews were almost all killed by the Nazis (with help from local accomplices).
“When I dress up and I have to go somewhere really fancy and I have to look a certain way, that’s when I’m most insecure about how I look,” she said, whereas if she dresses in whatever she wants to wear, “I feel awesome.
“I’ve been to Rome twice, and I didn’t see him there,” she said.
Nor did Mr. Christie mention Atlantic City, where one-third of the casinos closed in 2014, the fourth year in what had been a five-year plan by the governor to turn that struggling city around.
And while they appreciate Fabio Fognini’s work, there’s no doubt they are squarely behind Rafa.
They dated seriously for five years, and during that time Mr. Jay, based in New York, traveled to some 70 countries.
Wednesday’s announcement also raises new questions about whether the agency will take a more aggressive stance toward wireless and landline Internet service providers after even stricter disclosure requirements took effect last Friday.
Your garden, notwithstanding all the mistakes you’ll make, will be marvelous.
flows have been into large funds that track stock indexes.
Witnesses aboard the Vinson said they saw two fiery objects falling from the sky.
(August is announcing a new lock this week that is supposed to fix these problems.)
“Do you want it to be one-sided?
A warm garage helps push carbon dioxide to the rest of a home, they said.
Referring to the break in his training and the fact that his flying license took note of medical issues, Mr. Radke of the Luftsportclub Westerwald said: “If that’s true, as a responsible employer you should ask questions.
There’s West African music on the Bamako station Radio Bula ; the old-school reggae show “50-50 Soundsystem” on London’s Resonance FM at 6 p.m. New York time; or D.J.
The majority of the homes in the first phase have been sold.
Two children, 4 and 8, along with their father, Ancio Ostane of St. Albans, Queens, were killed.
“It’s actually an ombré brow if you break it down,” Mr. Nelson said, adding that because the look is so defined, it also reads unnatural.
Pressed repeatedly in depositions about optimistic financial figures, Mr. Trump sounded, even years ago, like a man who was weighing a campaign for elected office.
South Africa has lost twice, to India and Pakistan.
The winner also gets furnishings from Ethan Allen, a GMC Acadia Denali and $250,000.
He lifted the bow and began the iconic prelude to the first suite, his face a study in absorption and pleasure.
Political theory, he wrote, “is primarily a civic and secondarily an academic activity.” Sheldon Sanford Wolin was born on Aug. 4, 1922, in Chicago and grew up in Buffalo.
Sessions and Mr. Lee, along with Senators Ted Cruz of Texas, David Perdue of Georgia, Marco Rubio of Florida, Ben Sasse of Nebraska, Tim Scott of South Carolina and Richard C. Shelby of Alabama.
At one point, Trooper Encinia pulled out a stun gun and yelled, “I will light you up.” In a part of the encounter that occurred out of the camera’s view, a scuffle could be heard, and Ms.
We are representing values that the vast majority of Muslims believe in — in tolerance and in working together to build, rather than to destroy.” Mr. Obama and Mr. Cameron met for more than an hour at the White House on Friday after holding a working dinner the night before.
This morning when I woke up, I said I got to go there.” — JIA GUO FBI Director Comey arrives for #NYPD Det.
The Fed said on Wednesday, after a two-day meeting of its policy-making committee, that it would keep rates near zero for now, as expected, but it added an unusually explicit statement that it would consider raising rates at its final meeting of the year in mid-December.
The Justice Department has asked for extra time to respond to Mr. Georgiou’s petition seeking review, and its brief is now due later this month.
A gauge of hiring ticked up as manufacturers in the state added jobs at a faster pace.
— NICOLA CLARK Agence France-Presse is providing a live video stream from the scene of the attack on Charlie Hebdo, as law enforcement works to retrieve evidence from a cordoned-off area.
The newest resident at the top of One57 will get to marvel at the unprecedented park, water and cityscape views from every room in the apartment, and will have access to in-room dining and spa services, a swimming pool and myriad other white-glove amenities available from the Park Hyatt New York hotel at the base of the brash blue building, which was designed by Atelier Christian de Portzamparc , the Pritzker-winning French firm.
Youngsters 42 inches or taller may ride alone.
Hyzler said some of his Chinese clients wanted to invest more than the €150,000 in government bonds and were weighing establishing businesses.
The story generally takes the shortest route to its jokes (usually through insults or stereotypes), but the laughs are not a sure thing.
What possible reason could two men have to approach a squad of armed Marines in a firefight?
The novel closes with him looking forward in time, to the conversion ceremony of his own submission to Islam, a travesty of Huysmans’s conversion to Catholicism, not because François becomes a Muslim rather than a Catholic, but because his submission is pragmatic, without flame, superficial, whereas Huysmans’s was impassioned, anguished, a matter of life and death.
“Compared to many people in his income range, Jeb Bush clearly has less capital gains income, and therefore has a higher effective individual income tax rate.” For several years, Mr. Bush, 62, has used an office at the Biltmore Hotel in Coral Gables, Fla., working closely with his son, Jeb Jr., while consulting, giving speeches and managing a private investment business.
Ms. Gerring also studied Graham technique in her youth, although she described Graham as less of an aesthetic influence than an inspiring model of a female artist.
(Smith) ★ Metropolitan Museum of Art: ‘Kimono: A Modern History’ (closes on Monday) Despite its ceremonial, traditional reputation, the kimono belongs (and has always belonged) to a wider material culture that runs high to low and includes hanging scrolls, prints, books, magazines and decorative objects.
, claiming that the agency unlawfully instituted and expanded its use of the full-body scanning machines without allowing for public review and comment.
But at her news conference a few hours later, Ms. Haley emphasized that a large part of the state still faced problems.
Like an unstoppable friendly bacteria advancing upon a powerless host planet, Android, in the last five years, has colonized much of the known world.
We would have made good parents.
“It feels really good, obviously.”
The women’s images have been splashed across the front page of the city’s tabloids in recent weeks, prompting Mr. de Blasio to promise action to control their behavior.
Homeownership is a cornerstone of economic mobility, and without a stable group of homeowners, neighborhoods can be left vulnerable to blight and disrepair.
Byrdcliffe Kleinert/James Center for the Arts, 36 Tinker Street.
Although it seems unlikely that many jurists choose the law out of a love of mathematics, when it comes to redistricting they can still put the skills they have to good use.
Though delivered in an effortless conversational style, her comedy has the meticulous detail that can come only from repetition and experience.
8 P.M. (OWN) BELIEF Over seven consecutive nights, Oprah Winfrey examines the faith and practices behind a spectrum of religious and spiritual beliefs, starting with those seeking meaning in their lives.
With away goals serving as a tiebreaker, Bayern Munich, which was hoping to become just the second team in Champions League history to overturn a three-goal first leg deficit, now needed to score five.
That can only mean ones thing: She is siding with not Raylan, but Boyd and the criminal life.
Many of Mr. Swedlund’s works feature images of naked women.
Na verdade, diz ela, na sua opinião Laís e ela não tinham nada a fazer naquela pista.
Maybe all that marriage therapy functioned as a kind of glue.
This could lead to a prolonged period of prices below $100 a barrel, which is good news for consumers and bad news for OPEC countries, particularly Venezuela.
The nation still has far to go, but this, at least, seems cause for hope.
But for now Volvo has programmed the XC90 to start slowing down if a driver does not heed the warning light, making the vehicle a bridge between “lane keeping” and the truly hands-free technology set to hit the market soon.
(The turkeys, it should be noted quickly, were paper targets.
He has reached the final in all four majors this year.
A week after scrapping its dividend and announcing a potential equity issue to cut debt, Glencore trades at 6.6 times the next 12 month’s forecast Ebitda, according to Thomson Reuters.
I knew of course that it would only validate those critics who said I put my children at risk.
Under Israel ’s fractious, multiparty system, the leader of the party that garners the most votes is not guaranteed to become the next prime minister.
But after consecutive blowout losses to the Tulsa Shock and the Minnesota Lynx, Tokashiki momentarily questioned whether she had made the right decision about playing abroad.
Mr. Sher argues that, whereas Shakespeare’s Othello encounters overt racism, the opera, with a libretto by Arrigo Boito, softens these attitudes and emphasizes the issue of his otherness.
I agree, but we lose something else — the awareness that we need to prepare for the possibility of a long life, and try to live that life in such a way that we can look back with as much joy and satisfaction as possible.
Robert S. Burnstine, co-manager of the Aston/Fairpointe Focused Equity fund, said, “Three years ago, health care was a great place to be.” Back then, he said, 27 percent of his portfolio was held in the sector, and those health care stocks traded at an average P/E ratio of about 13, based on forecast forward 12-month earnings.
Kirkland and Ellis counseled LNK Partners.
She appears here with her band, the Tender Moments, and the comedian Mark Normand, as part of the New York Comedy Festival.
people in nations as different as Nepal and Malta over the last few years.
A federal judge declined on Wednesday to order the removal of marijuana from the Drug Enforcement Administration’s list of the most harmful and addictive drugs, disappointing those who had hoped the courts might help settle growing conflicts between federal and state laws.
In 2011, a spokesman for the Afghan intelligence service, Lutfullah Mashal, was quoted as saying that Pakistan’s spy agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence, had killed Mullah Omar after United States Navy SEAL members killed Osama bin Laden.
The point of cutting duck ham into microcubes is that you taste some with every bite of foie gras smashed on toasted brioche.
This week’s issue included a mock debate about whether Jesus exists.” Stéphane Charbonnier, the editorial director and cartoonist known professionally as Charb, was among 12 people killed Wednesday when gunmen attacked his newspaper’s offices in Paris.
(Scott) ★ ‘Bridge of Spies’ (PG-13, 2:15) In this gravely moody, perfectly directed thriller about a real 1962 spy swap, Steven Spielberg returns you to the good old bad days of the Cold War and its fictions, with their bottomless political chasms and moral gray areas.
“This is not a game you can afford to let get away.” Looking at the offensive outburst as providing anything more than a relatively stress-free day is a foolish bargain.
director, testified at a Senate hearing on Thursday.<\/p>","short":null},"credit":"Drew Angerer for The New York Times","image_crops":{"thumbWide":{"height":126,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-thumbWide.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine600":{"height":338,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-videoSixteenByNine600-v2.jpg"},"master495":{"height":330,"width":495,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-master495.jpg"},"thumbStandard":{"height":75,"width":75,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-thumbStandard.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine1050":{"height":591,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-videoSixteenByNine1050-v2.jpg"},"windowsTile336H":{"height":336,"width":694,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-windowsTile336H.jpg"},"jumbo":{"height":683,"width":1024,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-jumbo.jpg"},"tmagArticle":{"height":395,"width":592,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-tmagArticle.jpg"},"superJumbo":{"height":1365,"width":2048,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-superJumbo.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine225":{"height":126,"width":225,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-videoSixteenByNine225-v2.jpg"},"master675":{"height":450,"width":675,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-master675.jpg"},"watch268":{"height":305,"width":268,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-watch268.jpg"},"sfSpan":{"height":263,"width":395,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-sfSpan.jpg"},"videoFifteenBySeven1305":{"height":609,"width":1305,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-videoFifteenBySeven1305.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine150":{"height":84,"width":150,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-videoSixteenByNine150-v2.jpg"},"mediumSquare149":{"height":149,"width":149,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-mediumSquare149.jpg"},"videoLarge":{"height":507,"width":768,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-videoLarge.jpg"},"hpLarge":{"height":288,"width":511,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-hpLarge.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine3000":{"height":1688,"width":3000,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-videoSixteenByNine3000-v2.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine310":{"height":174,"width":310,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-videoSixteenByNine310-v2.jpg"},"thumbLarge":{"height":150,"width":150,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-thumbLarge.jpg"},"master180":{"height":120,"width":180,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-master180.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine495":{"height":278,"width":495,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-videoSixteenByNine495-v2.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine390":{"height":219,"width":390,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-videoSixteenByNine390-v2.jpg"},"largeHorizontal375":{"height":250,"width":375,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-largeHorizontal375.jpg"},"master1050":{"height":700,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-master1050.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine540":{"height":304,"width":540,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-videoSixteenByNine540-v2.jpg"},"miniMoth":{"height":70,"width":151,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-miniMoth.jpg"},"hpSmall":{"height":109,"width":163,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-hpSmall.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine96":{"height":54,"width":96,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-videoSixteenByNine96-v2.jpg"},"articleInline":{"height":127,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-articleInline.jpg"},"videoFifteenBySeven2610":{"height":1218,"width":2610,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-videoFifteenBySeven2610.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine480":{"height":270,"width":480,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-videoSixteenByNine480-v2.jpg"},"mediumFlexible177":{"height":118,"width":177,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-mediumFlexible177.jpg"},"watch308":{"height":350,"width":308,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-watch308.jpg"},"popup":{"height":433,"width":650,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-popup.jpg"},"largeWidescreen573":{"height":322,"width":573,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-largeWidescreen573.jpg"},"largeWidescreen1050":{"height":591,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-largeWidescreen1050.jpg"},"square640":{"height":640,"width":640,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-square640.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo225":{"height":150,"width":225,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-mediumThreeByTwo225.jpg"},"videoSmall":{"height":281,"width":500,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-videoSmall-v2.jpg"},"slide":{"height":400,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-slide.jpg"},"moth":{"height":151,"width":151,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-moth.jpg"},"facebookJumbo":{"height":550,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-facebookJumbo.jpg"},"square320":{"height":320,"width":320,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-square320.jpg"},"articleLarge":{"height":400,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-articleLarge.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine768":{"height":432,"width":768,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-videoSixteenByNine768-v2.jpg"},"videoThumb":{"height":50,"width":75,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-videoThumb.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo440":{"height":293,"width":440,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-mediumThreeByTwo440.jpg"},"tmagSF":{"height":241,"width":362,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-tmagSF.jpg"},"filmstrip":{"height":190,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-filmstrip.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo210":{"height":140,"width":210,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-mediumThreeByTwo210.jpg"},"master315":{"height":210,"width":315,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-H47G-master315.jpg"}},"url":null,"short_url":null,"approved_for_syndication":true},{"data_id":100000003571424,"slide_url":"13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99","image_type":"photo","caption":{"full":"<p>Students at Georgia Tech University on Tuesday heard President Obama talk about ways to make college more affordable.<\/p>","short":null},"credit":"Doug Mills\/The New York Times","image_crops":{"thumbWide":{"height":126,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-thumbWide.jpg"},"master495":{"height":346,"width":495,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-master495.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine600":{"height":338,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-videoSixteenByNine600.jpg"},"thumbStandard":{"height":75,"width":75,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-thumbStandard.jpg"},"windowsTile336H":{"height":336,"width":694,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-windowsTile336H.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine1050":{"height":591,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-videoSixteenByNine1050.jpg"},"jumbo":{"height":716,"width":1024,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-jumbo.jpg"},"tmagArticle":{"height":414,"width":592,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-tmagArticle.jpg"},"superJumbo":{"height":1433,"width":2048,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-superJumbo.jpg"},"master675":{"height":472,"width":675,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-master675.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine225":{"height":126,"width":225,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-videoSixteenByNine225.jpg"},"watch268":{"height":305,"width":268,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-watch268.jpg"},"videoFifteenBySeven1305":{"height":609,"width":1305,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-videoFifteenBySeven1305.jpg"},"sfSpan":{"height":263,"width":395,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-sfSpan.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine150":{"height":84,"width":150,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-videoSixteenByNine150.jpg"},"mediumSquare149":{"height":149,"width":149,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-mediumSquare149.jpg"},"videoLarge":{"height":507,"width":768,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-videoLarge.jpg"},"hpLarge":{"height":287,"width":511,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-hpLarge.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine3000":{"height":1687,"width":3000,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-videoSixteenByNine3000.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine310":{"height":174,"width":310,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-videoSixteenByNine310.jpg"},"thumbLarge":{"height":150,"width":150,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-thumbLarge.jpg"},"master180":{"height":126,"width":180,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-master180.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine495":{"height":278,"width":495,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-videoSixteenByNine495.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine390":{"height":219,"width":390,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-videoSixteenByNine390.jpg"},"master1050":{"height":735,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-master1050.jpg"},"largeHorizontal375":{"height":250,"width":375,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-largeHorizontal375.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine540":{"height":304,"width":540,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-videoSixteenByNine540.jpg"},"miniMoth":{"height":70,"width":151,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-miniMoth.jpg"},"hpSmall":{"height":114,"width":163,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-hpSmall.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine96":{"height":54,"width":96,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-videoSixteenByNine96.jpg"},"articleInline":{"height":133,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-articleInline.jpg"},"videoFifteenBySeven2610":{"height":1218,"width":2610,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-videoFifteenBySeven2610.jpg"},"mediumFlexible177":{"height":124,"width":177,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-mediumFlexible177.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine480":{"height":270,"width":480,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-videoSixteenByNine480.jpg"},"watch308":{"height":350,"width":308,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-watch308.jpg"},"popup":{"height":455,"width":650,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-popup.jpg"},"largeWidescreen573":{"height":322,"width":573,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-largeWidescreen573.jpg"},"largeWidescreen1050":{"height":590,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-largeWidescreen1050.jpg"},"square640":{"height":640,"width":640,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-square640.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo225":{"height":150,"width":225,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-mediumThreeByTwo225.jpg"},"videoSmall":{"height":281,"width":500,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-videoSmall.jpg"},"slide":{"height":420,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-slide.jpg"},"moth":{"height":151,"width":151,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-moth.jpg"},"facebookJumbo":{"height":550,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-facebookJumbo.jpg"},"square320":{"height":320,"width":320,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-square320.jpg"},"articleLarge":{"height":420,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-articleLarge.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine768":{"height":432,"width":768,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-videoSixteenByNine768.jpg"},"videoThumb":{"height":50,"width":75,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-videoThumb.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo440":{"height":293,"width":440,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-mediumThreeByTwo440.jpg"},"tmagSF":{"height":253,"width":362,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-tmagSF.jpg"},"filmstrip":{"height":190,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-filmstrip.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo210":{"height":140,"width":210,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-mediumThreeByTwo210.jpg"},"master315":{"height":220,"width":315,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-WE99-master315.jpg"}},"url":null,"short_url":null,"approved_for_syndication":false},{"data_id":100000003571426,"slide_url":"13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK","image_type":"photo","caption":{"full":"<p>Behind the scenes Thursday during President Obama&#8217;s appearance on &#8220;Jimmy Kimmel Live!&#8221; on ABC in Los Angeles.<\/p>","short":null},"credit":"Doug Mills\/The New York Times","image_crops":{"thumbWide":{"height":126,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-thumbWide.jpg"},"master495":{"height":330,"width":495,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-master495.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine600":{"height":338,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-videoSixteenByNine600.jpg"},"thumbStandard":{"height":75,"width":75,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-thumbStandard.jpg"},"windowsTile336H":{"height":336,"width":694,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-windowsTile336H.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine1050":{"height":591,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-videoSixteenByNine1050.jpg"},"jumbo":{"height":683,"width":1024,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-jumbo.jpg"},"tmagArticle":{"height":395,"width":592,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-tmagArticle.jpg"},"superJumbo":{"height":1365,"width":2048,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-superJumbo.jpg"},"master675":{"height":450,"width":675,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-master675.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine225":{"height":126,"width":225,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-videoSixteenByNine225.jpg"},"watch268":{"height":305,"width":268,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-watch268.jpg"},"videoFifteenBySeven1305":{"height":609,"width":1305,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-videoFifteenBySeven1305.jpg"},"sfSpan":{"height":263,"width":395,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-sfSpan.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine150":{"height":84,"width":150,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-videoSixteenByNine150.jpg"},"mediumSquare149":{"height":149,"width":149,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-mediumSquare149.jpg"},"videoLarge":{"height":507,"width":768,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-videoLarge.jpg"},"hpLarge":{"height":288,"width":511,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-hpLarge.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine3000":{"height":1688,"width":3000,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-videoSixteenByNine3000.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine310":{"height":174,"width":310,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-videoSixteenByNine310.jpg"},"thumbLarge":{"height":150,"width":150,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-thumbLarge.jpg"},"master180":{"height":120,"width":180,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-master180.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine495":{"height":278,"width":495,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-videoSixteenByNine495.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine390":{"height":219,"width":390,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-videoSixteenByNine390.jpg"},"master1050":{"height":700,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-master1050.jpg"},"largeHorizontal375":{"height":250,"width":375,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-largeHorizontal375.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine540":{"height":304,"width":540,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-videoSixteenByNine540.jpg"},"miniMoth":{"height":70,"width":151,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-miniMoth.jpg"},"hpSmall":{"height":109,"width":163,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-hpSmall.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine96":{"height":54,"width":96,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-videoSixteenByNine96.jpg"},"articleInline":{"height":127,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-articleInline.jpg"},"videoFifteenBySeven2610":{"height":1218,"width":2610,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-videoFifteenBySeven2610.jpg"},"mediumFlexible177":{"height":118,"width":177,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-mediumFlexible177.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine480":{"height":270,"width":480,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-videoSixteenByNine480.jpg"},"watch308":{"height":350,"width":308,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-watch308.jpg"},"popup":{"height":433,"width":650,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-popup.jpg"},"largeWidescreen573":{"height":322,"width":573,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-largeWidescreen573.jpg"},"largeWidescreen1050":{"height":591,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-largeWidescreen1050.jpg"},"square640":{"height":640,"width":640,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-square640.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo225":{"height":150,"width":225,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-mediumThreeByTwo225.jpg"},"videoSmall":{"height":281,"width":500,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-videoSmall.jpg"},"slide":{"height":400,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-slide.jpg"},"moth":{"height":151,"width":151,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-moth.jpg"},"facebookJumbo":{"height":550,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-facebookJumbo.jpg"},"square320":{"height":320,"width":320,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-square320.jpg"},"articleLarge":{"height":400,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-articleLarge.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine768":{"height":432,"width":768,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-videoSixteenByNine768.jpg"},"videoThumb":{"height":50,"width":75,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-videoThumb.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo440":{"height":293,"width":440,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-mediumThreeByTwo440.jpg"},"tmagSF":{"height":241,"width":362,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-tmagSF.jpg"},"filmstrip":{"height":190,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-filmstrip.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo210":{"height":140,"width":210,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-mediumThreeByTwo210.jpg"},"master315":{"height":210,"width":315,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-ZORK-master315.jpg"}},"url":null,"short_url":null,"approved_for_syndication":false},{"data_id":100000003571427,"slide_url":"13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K","image_type":"photo","caption":{"full":"<p>Martin O&#8217;Malley, a Democrat and the former governor of Maryland, addressed the International Association of Fire Fighters in Washington on Tuesday.<\/p>","short":null},"credit":"Stephen Crowley\/The New York Times","image_crops":{"thumbWide":{"height":126,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-thumbWide.jpg"},"master495":{"height":330,"width":495,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-master495.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine600":{"height":338,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-videoSixteenByNine600.jpg"},"thumbStandard":{"height":75,"width":75,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-thumbStandard.jpg"},"windowsTile336H":{"height":336,"width":694,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-windowsTile336H.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine1050":{"height":591,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-videoSixteenByNine1050.jpg"},"jumbo":{"height":683,"width":1024,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-jumbo.jpg"},"tmagArticle":{"height":395,"width":592,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-tmagArticle.jpg"},"superJumbo":{"height":1365,"width":2048,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-superJumbo.jpg"},"master675":{"height":450,"width":675,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-master675.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine225":{"height":126,"width":225,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-videoSixteenByNine225.jpg"},"watch268":{"height":305,"width":268,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-watch268.jpg"},"videoFifteenBySeven1305":{"height":609,"width":1305,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-videoFifteenBySeven1305.jpg"},"sfSpan":{"height":263,"width":395,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-sfSpan.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine150":{"height":84,"width":150,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-videoSixteenByNine150.jpg"},"mediumSquare149":{"height":149,"width":149,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-mediumSquare149.jpg"},"videoLarge":{"height":507,"width":768,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-videoLarge.jpg"},"hpLarge":{"height":288,"width":511,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-hpLarge.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine3000":{"height":1688,"width":3000,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-videoSixteenByNine3000.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine310":{"height":174,"width":310,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-videoSixteenByNine310.jpg"},"thumbLarge":{"height":150,"width":150,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-thumbLarge.jpg"},"master180":{"height":120,"width":180,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-master180.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine495":{"height":278,"width":495,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-videoSixteenByNine495.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine390":{"height":219,"width":390,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-videoSixteenByNine390.jpg"},"master1050":{"height":700,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-master1050.jpg"},"largeHorizontal375":{"height":250,"width":375,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-largeHorizontal375.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine540":{"height":304,"width":540,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-videoSixteenByNine540.jpg"},"miniMoth":{"height":70,"width":151,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-miniMoth.jpg"},"hpSmall":{"height":109,"width":163,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-hpSmall.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine96":{"height":54,"width":96,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-videoSixteenByNine96.jpg"},"articleInline":{"height":127,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-articleInline.jpg"},"videoFifteenBySeven2610":{"height":1218,"width":2610,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-videoFifteenBySeven2610.jpg"},"mediumFlexible177":{"height":118,"width":177,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-mediumFlexible177.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine480":{"height":270,"width":480,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-videoSixteenByNine480.jpg"},"watch308":{"height":350,"width":308,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-watch308.jpg"},"popup":{"height":433,"width":650,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-popup.jpg"},"largeWidescreen573":{"height":322,"width":573,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-largeWidescreen573.jpg"},"largeWidescreen1050":{"height":591,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-largeWidescreen1050.jpg"},"square640":{"height":640,"width":640,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-square640.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo225":{"height":150,"width":225,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-mediumThreeByTwo225.jpg"},"videoSmall":{"height":281,"width":500,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-videoSmall.jpg"},"slide":{"height":400,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-slide.jpg"},"moth":{"height":151,"width":151,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-moth.jpg"},"facebookJumbo":{"height":550,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-facebookJumbo.jpg"},"square320":{"height":320,"width":320,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-square320.jpg"},"articleLarge":{"height":400,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-articleLarge.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine768":{"height":432,"width":768,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-videoSixteenByNine768.jpg"},"videoThumb":{"height":50,"width":75,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-videoThumb.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo440":{"height":293,"width":440,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-mediumThreeByTwo440.jpg"},"tmagSF":{"height":241,"width":362,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-tmagSF.jpg"},"filmstrip":{"height":190,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-filmstrip.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo210":{"height":140,"width":210,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-mediumThreeByTwo210.jpg"},"master315":{"height":210,"width":315,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-Y86K-master315.jpg"}},"url":null,"short_url":null,"approved_for_syndication":false},{"data_id":100000003571428,"slide_url":"13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR","image_type":"photo","caption":{"full":"<p>Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, spoke Tuesday at a presidential forum sponsored by the International Association of Fire Fighters&#160;in Washington.<\/p>","short":null},"credit":"Alex Wong\/Getty Images","image_crops":{"thumbWide":{"height":126,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-thumbWide.jpg"},"master495":{"height":324,"width":495,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-master495.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine600":{"height":338,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-videoSixteenByNine600.jpg"},"thumbStandard":{"height":75,"width":75,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-thumbStandard.jpg"},"windowsTile336H":{"height":336,"width":694,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-windowsTile336H.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine1050":{"height":591,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-videoSixteenByNine1050.jpg"},"jumbo":{"height":671,"width":1024,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-jumbo.jpg"},"tmagArticle":{"height":388,"width":592,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-tmagArticle.jpg"},"superJumbo":{"height":1342,"width":2048,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-superJumbo.jpg"},"master675":{"height":442,"width":675,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-master675.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine225":{"height":126,"width":225,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-videoSixteenByNine225.jpg"},"watch268":{"height":305,"width":268,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-watch268.jpg"},"videoFifteenBySeven1305":{"height":609,"width":1305,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-videoFifteenBySeven1305.jpg"},"sfSpan":{"height":263,"width":395,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-sfSpan.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine150":{"height":84,"width":150,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-videoSixteenByNine150.jpg"},"mediumSquare149":{"height":149,"width":149,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-mediumSquare149.jpg"},"videoLarge":{"height":507,"width":768,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-videoLarge.jpg"},"hpLarge":{"height":288,"width":511,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-hpLarge.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine3000":{"height":1688,"width":3000,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-videoSixteenByNine3000.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine310":{"height":174,"width":310,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-videoSixteenByNine310.jpg"},"thumbLarge":{"height":150,"width":150,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-thumbLarge.jpg"},"master180":{"height":118,"width":180,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-master180.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine495":{"height":278,"width":495,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-videoSixteenByNine495.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine390":{"height":219,"width":390,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-videoSixteenByNine390.jpg"},"master1050":{"height":688,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-master1050.jpg"},"largeHorizontal375":{"height":250,"width":375,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-largeHorizontal375.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine540":{"height":304,"width":540,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-videoSixteenByNine540.jpg"},"miniMoth":{"height":70,"width":151,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-miniMoth.jpg"},"hpSmall":{"height":107,"width":163,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-hpSmall.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine96":{"height":54,"width":96,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-videoSixteenByNine96.jpg"},"articleInline":{"height":125,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-articleInline.jpg"},"videoFifteenBySeven2610":{"height":1218,"width":2610,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-videoFifteenBySeven2610.jpg"},"mediumFlexible177":{"height":116,"width":177,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-mediumFlexible177.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine480":{"height":270,"width":480,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-videoSixteenByNine480.jpg"},"watch308":{"height":350,"width":308,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-watch308.jpg"},"popup":{"height":426,"width":650,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-popup.jpg"},"largeWidescreen573":{"height":322,"width":573,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-largeWidescreen573.jpg"},"largeWidescreen1050":{"height":591,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-largeWidescreen1050.jpg"},"square640":{"height":640,"width":640,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-square640.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo225":{"height":150,"width":225,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-mediumThreeByTwo225.jpg"},"videoSmall":{"height":281,"width":500,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-videoSmall.jpg"},"slide":{"height":393,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-slide.jpg"},"moth":{"height":151,"width":151,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-moth.jpg"},"facebookJumbo":{"height":550,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-facebookJumbo.jpg"},"square320":{"height":320,"width":320,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-square320.jpg"},"articleLarge":{"height":393,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-articleLarge.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine768":{"height":432,"width":768,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-videoSixteenByNine768.jpg"},"videoThumb":{"height":50,"width":75,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-videoThumb.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo440":{"height":293,"width":440,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-mediumThreeByTwo440.jpg"},"tmagSF":{"height":237,"width":362,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-tmagSF.jpg"},"filmstrip":{"height":190,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-filmstrip.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo210":{"height":140,"width":210,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-mediumThreeByTwo210.jpg"},"master315":{"height":206,"width":315,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-N2GR-master315.jpg"}},"url":null,"short_url":null,"approved_for_syndication":false},{"data_id":100000003571431,"slide_url":"13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI","image_type":"photo","caption":{"full":"<p>Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.; Susan E. Rice, the national security adviser; and Secretary of State John Kerry, right, attended a meeting Monday between President Obama and the president of the European Council, Donald Tusk, in the Oval Office.<\/p>","short":null},"credit":"Jonathan Ernst\/Reuters","image_crops":{"thumbWide":{"height":126,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-thumbWide.jpg"},"master495":{"height":330,"width":495,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-master495.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine600":{"height":338,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-videoSixteenByNine600.jpg"},"thumbStandard":{"height":75,"width":75,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-thumbStandard.jpg"},"windowsTile336H":{"height":336,"width":694,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-windowsTile336H.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine1050":{"height":591,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-videoSixteenByNine1050.jpg"},"jumbo":{"height":683,"width":1024,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-jumbo.jpg"},"tmagArticle":{"height":395,"width":592,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-tmagArticle.jpg"},"superJumbo":{"height":1366,"width":2048,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-superJumbo.jpg"},"master675":{"height":450,"width":675,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-master675.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine225":{"height":126,"width":225,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-videoSixteenByNine225.jpg"},"watch268":{"height":305,"width":268,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-watch268.jpg"},"videoFifteenBySeven1305":{"height":609,"width":1305,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-videoFifteenBySeven1305.jpg"},"sfSpan":{"height":263,"width":395,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-sfSpan.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine150":{"height":84,"width":150,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-videoSixteenByNine150.jpg"},"mediumSquare149":{"height":149,"width":149,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-mediumSquare149.jpg"},"videoLarge":{"height":507,"width":768,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-videoLarge.jpg"},"hpLarge":{"height":287,"width":511,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-hpLarge.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine3000":{"height":1687,"width":3000,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-videoSixteenByNine3000.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine310":{"height":174,"width":310,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-videoSixteenByNine310.jpg"},"thumbLarge":{"height":150,"width":150,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-thumbLarge.jpg"},"master180":{"height":120,"width":180,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-master180.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine495":{"height":278,"width":495,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-videoSixteenByNine495.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine390":{"height":219,"width":390,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-videoSixteenByNine390.jpg"},"master1050":{"height":700,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-master1050.jpg"},"largeHorizontal375":{"height":250,"width":375,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-largeHorizontal375.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine540":{"height":304,"width":540,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-videoSixteenByNine540.jpg"},"miniMoth":{"height":70,"width":151,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-miniMoth.jpg"},"hpSmall":{"height":109,"width":163,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-hpSmall.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine96":{"height":54,"width":96,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-videoSixteenByNine96.jpg"},"articleInline":{"height":127,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-articleInline.jpg"},"videoFifteenBySeven2610":{"height":1218,"width":2610,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-videoFifteenBySeven2610.jpg"},"mediumFlexible177":{"height":118,"width":177,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-mediumFlexible177.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine480":{"height":270,"width":480,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-videoSixteenByNine480.jpg"},"watch308":{"height":350,"width":308,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-watch308.jpg"},"popup":{"height":434,"width":650,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-popup.jpg"},"largeWidescreen573":{"height":322,"width":573,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-largeWidescreen573.jpg"},"largeWidescreen1050":{"height":590,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-largeWidescreen1050.jpg"},"square640":{"height":640,"width":640,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-square640.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo225":{"height":150,"width":225,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-mediumThreeByTwo225.jpg"},"videoSmall":{"height":281,"width":500,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-videoSmall.jpg"},"slide":{"height":400,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-slide.jpg"},"moth":{"height":151,"width":151,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-moth.jpg"},"facebookJumbo":{"height":550,"width":1050,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-facebookJumbo.jpg"},"square320":{"height":320,"width":320,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-square320.jpg"},"articleLarge":{"height":400,"width":600,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-articleLarge.jpg"},"videoSixteenByNine768":{"height":432,"width":768,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-videoSixteenByNine768.jpg"},"videoThumb":{"height":50,"width":75,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-videoThumb.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo440":{"height":293,"width":440,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-mediumThreeByTwo440.jpg"},"tmagSF":{"height":241,"width":362,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-tmagSF.jpg"},"filmstrip":{"height":190,"width":190,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-filmstrip.jpg"},"mediumThreeByTwo210":{"height":140,"width":210,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-mediumThreeByTwo210.jpg"},"master315":{"height":210,"width":315,"url":"https:\/\/static01.nyt.com\/images\/2015\/03\/13\/us\/politics\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI\/13firstdraft-week-in-pix-slide-6CPI-master315.jpg"}},"url":null,"short_url":null,"approved_for_syndication":false}]},"related_assets":[]}
So I know how Sandy Bland felt.” Handcuffed, Ms.
Eric Garcetti, the mayor of Los Angeles, immediately expressed interest.
The volunteer AIDS organization, which grew out of a gathering in Mr. Kramer’s living room in 1982, but whose leaders ousted him the next year due to his confrontational tactics for drawing attention to the epidemic, will honor him at its annual spring gala on March 23 by creating a lifetime achievement award bearing his name, the group announced on Friday.
We know that we’ll have to deal with these issues, and soon.
The cause was cancer, said his literary agent Anneli Hoier.
Vietnamese food can be as complex as Chinese or Thai, but it is rarely as oily.
It’s a notoriously lonely business, playing the piano, with a lot of hanging around in hotel rooms, although the Internet makes that more bearable.
Gross now manages a bond fund at Janus Capital.
But they were oddly sidelined, often appearing backstage surrounded by cast members of the nominated shows, and nearly everyone who appeared seemed to be obeying orders to keep themselves under wraps.
At 16, Mr. Varvatos started working at a local men’s store and, after college, sought a career in fashion.
His daily life is not as beautiful as it looks on Instagram.
Aljaz Bedene, Slovenia, 6-3, 6-2, 6-4.
Here are Bush’s words, spoken before hundreds of lawmakers and politicians: ”Chang is a mystical warrior.
Charles Perry of Unity Church in Birmingham, Ala., married Curtis Stephens, left, and his partner of 30 years, Pat Helms, at the Jefferson County Courthouse.
Bob Inglis, the former Republican congressman from South Carolina, heads the Energy and Enterprise Initiative at George Mason University A recent winner of the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award, which is given to public officials, he has been pushing for climate change solutions that are consistent with free enterprise and limited government.
Dec. 20 at 8 p.m. $48.
“The sheer scale of it is incredible, and I’m blown away by the community that came together for this.
She was later arrested and charged with supplying the men with tools that aided in their escape, including hacksaw blades, chisels, a punch and a screwdriver bit.
Helm as a drawing card, the atmosphere had changed, with the demand for the space weakening, though to her he remained a white-hot presence — and she intended to keep the flame alive.
It is lost on no one that Ukraine’s capital, Kiev, already has a 162-year-old, 54-foot-tall monument to St. Vladimir and that Russia’s conflict with Ukraine helped inspire Moscow’s my-statue-is-bigger-than-yours version.
Walter Liedtke, 69, was a curator at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
“Technology has created new exposure for consumers that require great care for companies with regard to who they put in place with access to information,” Ms. Wylde said.
News media interest was enormous, in part because of Francis’ global popularity, but also because of the intriguing coalition he is proposing between faith and science.
Mr. Martin continued to celebrate seize-the-moment lust in recent songs like the disco-revival “Mr.
To the Editor: Re “ Is It Wise to Cut Military Spending?
“But when you’re playing the Colts, that’s not going to happen too often.” Karlos Williams and Boobie Dixon rushed for touchdowns as part of a ground-and-pound attack that combined for 147 yards, and Buffalo’s dominating defense put the clamps on Andrew Luck.
(The university has a policy of not rescinding such awards.)
She eventually took over the place along with her husband, who ran a warehouse on the Hudson River waterfront.
The party includes his lively wife and innocent daughter (the winsome Sylvia Bataille, married to the writer Georges Bataille and later the psychiatrist Jacques Lacan), as well as a hard-of-hearing mother-in-law and a geeky shop assistant.
“It’s not fair to Steve at all,” Mr. Kleckley said.
As conditions deteriorate, cut off access to emergency loans for the bank’s troubled financial institutions.
East: Since 2003, the Patriots have dominated the division while the Jets have recorded five seasons over .500, the Miami Dolphins three and the Buffalo Bills two.
— The New York Herald, European Edition, August 17, 1915
Some court records were sealed when the civil case was settled in 2006 but were released by a federal judge in July.
“A Single Life” and “Feast” both make use of the rounded figures and three-dimensional spaces that dominate commercial animation.
“At that time, you didn’t think there was anyone on the sideline who didn’t think we’d score.” After a 4-yard run by Lynch, the Seahawks lined up in a three-receiver set.
A city, like its inhabitants, slowly moves on.
Earnings rose to $49.6 million, or 24 cents a share, up 7.6 percent from $46.1 million, or 23 cents a share, in the third quarter last year.
In seven categories – directing, writing, original screenplay and more — dudes drew all of the nominations.
He was greeted by a number of onlookers, many of whom were wearing Brady jerseys.
Similarly, too, it sets its dancers in repetitive wheeling circles and geometric formations and sets up repetitive encounters between pairs of dancers, who lift, propel, embrace and support each other.
Here is a look at what he will need to do if he hopes to win.
Militancy is what South Africa experienced in 1976, when high school students rose up in Soweto and paid with their lives.
Mr. Madoff, sentenced in June 2009 to 150 years, is serving his term in a federal prison in Butner, N.C.
A group of Harvard Business School students was inspired to use seed money to launch twobirdspost.com , a “buy one-give one” mail order company that enables subscribers to donate a box of tampons or pads for every order purchased to Rosie’s Place , a Boston women’s shelter.
Their rigatoni is to die for — that’s what I always get.
Of a total of 563 people registered to vote at an elementary school in the Imtidad Nasser neighborhood, only 27 had shown up by noon.
“You are not safe in an elementary school.
When Channel 4 in 1998 won the rights to televise test cricket in England, beating out the BBC, it quickly recognized the single biggest act that would establish its credibility: hiring Mr. Benaud.
As the project, “Studio Daze,” began to coalesce, Greco’s choice of objects became increasingly deliberate, invoking specific moments of memory and nostalgia from throughout his life.
The founders of Hacker’s List, however, contend that they are insulated from any legal liability because they neither endorse nor condone illegal activities.
Children’s Museum of the Arts Free Art Island Outpost (Saturday and Sunday) This island fun doesn’t require a flight to distant shores.
The family of Mr. Rezaian, a Washington Post correspondent and California native who has been imprisoned without publicly revealed charges since July 20, issued a statement challenging Iranian officials to follow their own laws and international human rights commitments.
So it’s going to be all about presentation — how Mr. Obama frames his arguments, what he chooses to emphasize and generally how aggressive he plans to be in pushing a hostile Congress to do the right thing.
The bombardment appeared to reach new levels of intensity in some places.
For an entry fee, tourists are welcome to visit the village.
Britain’s spy agencies did not break or try to circumvent the law by harvesting huge amounts of electronic data about private communications, but the relevant laws need to be overhauled, a parliamentary oversight panel said on Thursday.
She won her dream job as a legal assistant in the Indiana federal community defender’s office, led by her longtime friend and defense attorney, Monica Foster, the chief federal defender.
Moustafa and Amir headed to a junction near a Jewish settlement, where they were met by another young Palestinian.
“The book has been criticized for having blinders, that it is not a realistic picture of what the world was in 1955,” Ms. Meister said.
“En lugar de atacar las causas estructurales de estos problemas, está atacando las consecuencias”, afirma Álvarez.
At one point, the Panthers orchestrated a beautiful series that concluded with forward Nate Buss down low with the ball and a clear shot.
That is a six-attempt increase from the first two and a half months of the season, when they spent more time throwing the ball into Love in the post.
production — the first significant revival since a Roundabout Theater Company version in 1997 — will open in late March, giving fans a chance to contrast how two different generations of theater composers approached similar material.
At Christie’s last year, one of her nudes from that period (“Plan,” 1993) sold for 2.1 million pounds, or $3.48 million at the time.
Federal District Judge Eldon E. Fallon, who oversaw the wide-ranging drywall litigation in New Orleans, responded with a scathing rebuke to the company and its affiliates — all controlled by the Chinese government.
And then she starts singing, and it is as if someone has suddenly turned up all the lights in the theater.
Support for same-sex marriage is increasing among Republican voters, but it is still a minority view.
“I thought that was going to be your thing.” The smile Mr. Christie had been wearing for the entire interview twitched a little, before he responded.
— James Kanter The Federal Reserve does not plan to raise interest rates when it meets on Tuesday and Wednesday.
The case was filed by a competitor, Joshua Harman, on behalf of the F.H.A.
1 priority is the experience we can provide to our student-athletes.” One of this year’s quarterfinals sites was, for the first time, Denver, a significant step toward having the championship weekend shed its Eastern Seaboard image, a potential benefit considering the sport’s westward expansion in the youth ranks and the success of the University of Denver, playing in its third consecutive Final Four, and Notre Dame.
But officials said the chance of finding more survivors was bleak as the death toll neared 5,500, and pouring rain hampered their efforts .
For almost five decades, Westlands has brought its farmers a torrent of water from the reservoirs and aqueducts of the federal Central Valley Project , the vast public work that irrigates half of California agriculture.
Ms. Karl said that the book, which she has not read, may only “provoke needless controversy about Zhou.” “I think this kind of speculation is really not very interesting,” Ms. Karl said in an email.
That means that even after the stock sale, Mr. Viola’s family will maintain control of the firm, with more than 93 percent of the overall voting power available.
It must certify on Oct. 15 that Iran is complying with a “road map” for cooperation and report in December on the agency’s conclusions — especially about Iran’s alleged work developing nuclear triggers and designing warheads.
So far, Mr. Castro has not.
He never posed for a photograph in a wrestling singlet, in Zen robes or atop a granite outcrop whose austere majesty was echoed by his windswept quiff.
He and his teammates linked some of his struggles Saturday to injuries.
Titles are simple but vivid, underscoring the precision and force of these paintings, but the aggression here is more utopian than destructive, a record of what it takes to make great and vital painting.
“Close is not good enough,” Azarenka said.
Though the campaign brought distractions, particularly from Mr. Trump, the more urgent concern was outflanking rivals competing among social conservatives, like Govs.
As part of its initial response, the South turned on its battery of loudspeakers on the border with the North for the first time in 11 years, blaring propaganda broadcasts that included harsh criticism of the North Korean government.
Israel’s Foreign Ministry, which is bracing for a United Nations report on its conduct during last year’s war in Gaza, gave it a shot this week.
“People browsing the web, using social media, or watching videos have a right to know if they’re seeing editorial content or an ad,” Jessica L. Rich, director of the F.T.C.’s Bureau of Consumer Protection, said in a statement.
Feeling trapped, Mr. Yaken often spoke about leaving Egypt, as do many young men.
Those men are part of what is looming as a lost generation of young Syrians.
The fund, with an expense ratio of 1.21 percent, returned 7.61 percent in the second quarter.
“It’s really quite an undertaking.”
“It requires patience and understanding potential changes in the market and in technology,” he said.
A number of states do not require people forming companies to reveal the names of the owners or show any identification.
But Mr. Way has no regrets.
“There’s an idea out there that everything falls apart as we get older, but even older brains are growing new cells,” said Allison B. Sekuler , a professor of psychology, neuroscience and behavior at McMaster University in Ontario, who was not involved in the new study.
The documents also appeared to accelerate the decline of Mr. Cosby’s public image, one that began last fall when a series of public allegations coincided with a widely seen video of the comedian Hannibal Buress calling Mr. Cosby a rapist.
At 7:30 p.m., Alice Tully Hall, Lincoln Center, 212-875-5788, chambermusicsociety.org.
But then came the sixth inning, when Syndergaard ran out of gas.
Beijing officials have even thanked the city’s residents for their response, writing in an open letter on Thursday, “The dedication and full support of the people of Beijing touched us deeply.” Officials raised the alert just one week after being widely criticized for inaction during a multiday spell of foul air that descended on northern China as Mr. Xi met other leaders in Paris for climate change talks.
Wednesday’s semifinal between Mexico and Panama provided another low moment as Mark Geiger, an American referee, lost control of the match.
All reported high levels of pain.
Two prominent female journalists, each of whom has detailed the domestic-violence history of Floyd Mayweather Jr., wrote on Twitter on Saturday morning that they had been denied credentials to the evening’s fight between Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao.
He said the search of the water was complicated and might take days.
She was criticized both for being too timid and for being too aggressive, for speaking up too much and for not speaking up enough.
Clive James once told me in an interview that the world has lost a lot of poets to cooking, for both good and ill. Great movements require charismatic figures.
And that’s not to say that I don’t ever want to be a girl or a woman.
The 1976 law that Mr. Kastenmeier helped pass extended copyright protection for an author’s entire life plus 50 years.
The panel said it also remained concerned over the continued threats and intimidation aimed at human rights defenders, lawyers, political dissidents and members of religious or ethnic minorities.
About 30 percent of those who participate in grass-roots cricket have roots in South Asia, where cricket is king, according to an E.C.B.
On the Syracuse sideline, a white piece of tape ran down the back of a black folding chair, with the words “Coach” and “Boeheim” written in black ink.
Ms. Glick said the legislation had evolved to address concerns that the initial proposal used terms like “victim” and “the accused,” which many people felt conveyed bias.
There’s almost a studiousness to them, a respect.
The groom, 30, works in New York at Deloitte Consulting, where he advises companies on finance and mergers and acquisitions.
But as a way to express yourself, your handmade cover art, your careful track selection, it’s not bad.
The result also gives the Mets only a day to collect themselves after another devastating loss.
We piled into small green pickup trucks driven by Afghan police officers and sped off onto dirt back roads I had never traveled before.
The Gallery at Still River Editions, 128 East Liberty Street.
He was traded to the Lakers before the 1975-76 season, and won two more M.V.P.
“If we keep saying, ‘women, women,’ men are not going to apply,” he said in an interview this week, sounding somewhat exasperated.
‘Fuerza Bruta’ This shiny, sensory-overload spectacle from the creators of “De la Guarda” is rife with not especially impressive acrobatics, throbbing music, many-colored lights and high winds from machines set at storm speed (1:20).
“We’ve always talked about New York being a tough place to get used to and adjust to, and sometimes it takes a player some time,” Manager Joe Girardi said recently of Young’s struggles with the Mets.
Related: “The Psychology of Choking Under Pressure” For more fitness, food and wellness news, “like” our Facebook page .
It is all part of the emotion that comes with being rejected and accepted in the same transaction.
One answer to this stump-your-friends trivia question is Schoenberg’s String Quartet No.
It’s what the chef Alex Ureña will be doing here in April: 245 Park Avenue South (20th Street) .
Bookings for future trips, in the meantime, had dropped by about a third compared with the same time last year, suggesting that the impact of the attacks might be felt for several months.
and former deputy manager for the city of Spokane.
1 priority is to go take this fight to support Governor Perry.
Scenes from the Milan Fashion Week photo diary of Alfredo Piola .
Between 1997 and 2012, an average of 82 percent of House members sent at least one mass mailing to an audience of at least 500 constituents, according to a Congressional Research Service report .
To be strong again, and thereby respected in the world, has long been the primary craving of Chinese.
I wouldn’t have minded working in the merchant navy, but then again, between the artists, the music, the shows, the clientele, it’s nice a business to run.
Brad Dowdy, who runs the wonderful blog The Pen Addict, calls this “feedback.” Wider tips offer a smoother ride, but with less awareness of what you are doing.
“If I did, if they said something racist, I don’t care,” he said.
And Rachel’s are always really interesting and different,” said Debbie Harry, a regular attendee whose fellow guests last night included Emily Mortimer, Zadie Smith, Cindy Sherman and the actor Paul Dano.
Eventually emerging from this hiding place is a grizzled Mr. Patinkin, looking bleary-eyed and embittered, like Rip Van Winkle unceremoniously yanked from happy slumber.
On the same date in 2015, the weather was not as hot as usual for this time of year.
Sita Abellán, a blue-haired model and D.J.
‘‘Your clients do not want to see Indonesian people,’’ the minister said, neutrally.
His family back in Cleveland must have been proud, considering that my father had dropped out of East Technical High School for the allure of Amato’s Pool Hall.
Edinson Volquez (10-5) worked into the seventh inning for Kansas City, which will welcome newly acquired ace Johnny Cueto on Tuesday.
A little later he had a No.
‘Stomp’ And the beat goes on (and on), with percussion unlimited (1:30).
The final concept was inspired by a Kafka short story called “Description of a Struggle” — though it turns out that he inserted quasi-hidden references to “Metamorphosis” as well.
The book feels like a genuine if unsuccessful attempt on Martin’s part to make sense of his life.
Now, 5 percent interest on $105 is $105*(0.05) = $5.25, which is again deposited back into the savings account.
“This highlights one of the great problems we have wrestled with over the last couple of years, which is nothing is ever over,” said Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the senior Democrat on the House Select Committee on Intelligence.
One of his few bright spots in the second half came after he took a few days off to rest a sore shoulder in September; he returned by smashing three home runs and driving in eight runs in a series against Toronto.
The Rangers’ quest began with a 2-1 victory that unspooled tense and taut and that was far more competitive than the first 15 minutes — the first 28 seconds, really — suggested it would be.
“Maybe a few years ago, the line was higher,” he said.
Ask about recital dates and concerts in the auditorium.
I think he took a risk — it was very bold to give the keys of a company with 15,000 people to a 33-year-old, even if I’d had some success in my previous life.
He was released by the Cincinnati Reds in June; he is not “hanging on” with them.
Messi beat Luis Suárez, his teammate at Barcelona, and Real Madrid’s Cristiano Ronaldo in a Europe-wide poll of journalists.
“Wouldn’t it be great,” the dean asked, “if your chair embodied how much an individual can grow over a single lifetime?” Yoshino accepted the position.
Bernanke makes a compelling case that in 2007 and 2008, the world economy came very close to collapse, and only novel efforts by the Fed (cooperating with other United States and foreign government agencies) saved us from an economic catastrophe greater than the Great Depression.
The oddest passages were his description of his attempted suicide in 2008, when he castrated himself as a way to bleed to death.
“The only thing was she was awkwardly quiet: She was friends with everybody, but you never heard her talk.” Ms. Berry’s family bought a full-page ad in the school yearbook, wishing her well.
“Athletes’ voices are removed from most major decisions.
(Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $25.)
Internet site registration remains GoDaddy’s biggest source of revenue, accounting for just more than half of its sales last year.
Theater BELLPORT Gateway Playhouse “Sister Act,” music by Alan Menken and lyrics by Glenn Slater.
Laurence D. Fink, the chief executive of BlackRock, which is a big seller of more traditional E.T.F.s, has warned that leveraged E.T.F.
He psyched out the West Indian captain Garry Sobers, then the finest batsman in the world, into hitting a simple catch to him in 1966.
“Stefan will be fine,” she says, explaining that he has likely been kidnapped.
The broad range of questions help campus officials pull together the different experts — mental health, alcohol abuse and hazing, for example — to allow better coordination.
“They have actual security guards,” he said.
But this investor, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he wanted to retain relations in the industry, added, “There’s nobody there in Martin’s life to tell him what the right thing is.” Raised in Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn, the child of immigrants from Albania and Croatia, Mr. Shkreli hit Wall Street at the age of 17.
And it has occurred despite the presence of factors that help foster a healthy market for debuts.
This was just four years after the beginning of the modern pro tennis era, as players without amateur status were finally allowed to compete in major tournaments.
Then this woman, so accustomed to being in control, had to surrender her daughter to an emergency crew.
Ben’s Chili Bowl, a popular restaurant chain in Washington that has had a close relationship with Mr. Cosby, appeared to be distancing itself.
During her glamorous previous life in the 1990s, Newbery was the assistant to Susan Train, the legendary Paris bureau chief of American Vogue, and later served as office manager for John Galliano, back when he was being courted by LVMH to take over Givenchy.
Juhi listened, and gave birth to a boy, Muhammad Sultan, who has survived his first birthday — a huge milestone in a country with about one-sixth of the world’s population but one-third of all newborn deaths.
“He was explaining his politics and we were in this getting-to-know-each-other stage,” Ms. Grace said.
(Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh) thus tends to equate secularism with Hindu rule: They would not mind it if the state were allowed to intervene in the affairs of all religions.
‘The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe’ (Saturday) If the children of the Pevensie family could travel to the magical land of Narnia through something as simple as a wardrobe, why shouldn’t two hard-working actors be able to play them and all the characters found there?
But on Saturday, one former Disney employee in Orlando, Keith Barrett, 57, posted a personal account on Google Plus.
His family said in a statement after his death that he had been allowed to resign from the bureau with his full pension, describing him as a man who “supported civil rights of innocent victims of terrorism.” During his tenure with the bureau, Mr. LaPrade also ran its offices in Salt Lake City and St. Louis.
Other objects, like cotton balls and balloons, take to the air.
Separately, a report on Sunday from a network of American women’s rights groups called on the Obama administration to advance gender equality in its domestic policies, as well as in its foreign policy priorities.
The lieutenant called the precinct.
T plucks the best jewels right off the runway.
“There is clear imitation in his style of filmmaking — he reproduces images seen elsewhere, without filtering the inspiration and letting the source sink in.
A group of biologists proposed last year that before any gene drive system is released into the environment, its designers should prepare a standby reversal drive.
The time needed for the new route is days shorter.
The story is well known among his friends, neighbors, acting students and the regulars at a longstanding Friday night poker game.
“Why this may have happened in Brazil and not elsewhere is at this stage difficult to answer,” said Alain Kohl, a virologist at the University of Glasgow who studies Zika.
New York City Ballet Family Saturday: ‘Musical Medley’ (Saturday) Children who know New York City Ballet mainly for its “Nutcracker” performances can see other sides of the repertory in this hourlong workshop, which introduces those 5 and older to classical dance.
Now the legal focus shifts to the multidistrict litigation, which is set to go to trial in January.
“We kind of knew right away that it was not going to be good news,” she said.
She noted that just as Greece had touted its vote against a deal proposed by European creditors as an exercise in democracy, the 18 other countries in the eurozone were also democracies, and their views had to be respected.
The Postal Inspection Service did tell the auditors that it had begun training its employees on handling classified materials.
LoopPay’s underlying technology relies on a magnetic transmission sent from a user’s phone to a merchant’s payment terminal, mimicking a credit card swipe.
At teatime, wiggle into your swan or meat dress for Iris van Herpen, the Dutch designer whose sculptural creations are favored by Lady Gaga and Björk; then clap on a nibbled-apple earring (Beyoncé loves ’em!)
A company executive, U Tin Tun Oo, whose father heads the company, said the heroin had been planted by the customers, who removed the wood for inspection before shipping and inserted the heroin before returning it.
Still, four years of partisan stasis seems to be drawing to a close.
Looking for something to do this weekend?
Yet on Thursday, Iowans, who are nothing if not pragmatic, put aside the preoccupation of right-wing pundits with how CNBC performed and focused on the candidates.
Therapy, Ms. Ian said, taught them that arguing is O.K.
Unlike at a similar event in New Hampshire last weekend, where much of the attention was on foreign policy and the economy, in Iowa, the focus is likely to be heavy on social issues.
The European Central Bank is seeking to stimulate the region’s economy through its quantitative easing policy, under which it has committed to buying up to 60 billion euros, or about $64 billion, of bonds each month through September 2016.
Ms. O’Sullivan, who understudied the title role when “Becoming Dr. Ruth” played Off Broadway in 2013, stands about half a foot taller than her 4-foot-7-inch character.
A Greek television station reported the poll, and my son, who is 16, muttered, “They hate us even when they don’t know us.” Fatigue with the Greek crisis has taken hold at a crucial time.
There are 11 candidates onstage, but two more names have come up repeatedly, and both of them have the same last name: Bush.
And it says that it is time to revisit earlier optimism, and to warn about the possibility that the recovery may be at risk of stalling.
; first baseman Pedro Alvarez, 27 homers.
To take the role, Mr. Alexander had to withdraw from another project, the Jerry Sterner play “Other People’s Money,” which the Bay Street Theater in Sag Harbor, N.Y., is presenting in the summer.
The first, Milton Cross, had presided over the microphone grandiloquently for 45 years, starting with a performance of Humperdinck’s “Hansel and Gretel” on Christmas Day in 1931.
Moses Malone’s death was caused by cardiovascular disease, the Virginia medical examiner’s office said.
Others sat in a side room where Mass is held on Sundays, and where the betting booths in the corner, manned by two clerks, look like a pair of confessionals at which supplicants might say: Father, forgive me, but give me 20 across the board on the three horse.
“And maybe the umpire heard it, and then that was all she wrote.” McEnroe braced himself for the game penalty, but instead it was a match penalty.
Pamela Paul is the host.
I’m not magical, as people think.” Magical, no, yet something new all the same.
Updated, May 30, 7:48 a.m. | A new update from Kock cuts against a dietary cause: It is dose that matters and no evidence any single plant was in abundance in the rumen other than grasses.
Frank Kaminsky, a senior, was predictably strong in the victory over Arizona , but so was the junior Sam Dekker, who shot 8 for 11 and scored 27 points.
It should instead be pressing for an independent, Haitian-led inquiry to examine the October vote.
This is not the first time China has underestimated its coal consumption.
He first put his business strategy into practice at Jarden, once the canning subsidiary of the Ball Corporation.
But X-rays later revealed that he his fractures had come within fractions of an inch of impinging on his spinal cord, which very likely would have paralyzed him.
Mr. Tensing, who has been fired by the university, was released from jail on bond later Thursday.
The exhibition also includes didactic sections about the craft and technique that go into Mr. Estes’s painting and prints, but that aspect doesn’t fully deliver what it promises.
Atlanta uses a giant peach; Dillsburg, Pa., and Mount Olive, N.C., drop pickles; and Mobile, Ala., lowers a 600-pound electric Moon Pie.
And the first-place Mets’ 8-7 win over the Washington Nationals drew 428,012 viewers to SNY, well above the season’s average of 237,265, and the most for a game on SNY in five years.
At a salon hosted by Benjamin Franklin, a pamphlet was read calling for the construction of a “house of repentance,” in which solitude could work to soothe the minds of criminals — an enlightened alternative, the group believed, to inhumane “public punishments” like “the gallows, the pillory, the stocks, the whipping post, and the wheelbarrow.” Inmates at Philadelphia’s Eastern State Penitentiary, which opened in 1829, were completely isolated from one another in cells outfitted with skylights, toilets and access to private outdoor exercise yards, where they worked at various trades, took all meals and read the Bible.
President Reagan’s name was, not coincidentally, also invoked numerous times, but if you missed those moments, the clothes made the connection, too.
But nature itself is very hard.
Muscoot Farm, 51 Route 100.
“I know Bernie,” Mrs. Clinton said on “Face the Nation” on CBS recently.
In March 1955, Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old member of an N.A.A.C.P.
Ms. Hoff made the estimate as part of a United Nations annual appeal for funding at a donors conference in Berlin.
This can be a gruesome sight: once I performed CPR on a patient who was getting dialysis through a tube in his abdomen.
If you want to read the news, Facebook is saying, come to Facebook, not to NBC News or The Atlantic or The Times — and when you come, don’t leave.
By June of this year, we’ll see which side of the plate he’s on.
That sadness, though, has not diminished the work’s popularity with playwrights, and now Atlantic for Kids , part of the Atlantic Theater Company, is presenting an imaginative musical adaptation.
The last letter was punctuated with a shiny cube of sweet potato and globs of rice.
Relying on a network of 1,200 factories in China and more than 2,600 employees worldwide, the company designs, engineers, develops, fabricates and distributes mostly hardware products for clients that include Apple and Beats by Dre.
So it’s only natural, given his recent focus — the album, which Mr. Iglesias has said will be his final studio release, honors classic Mexican songwriters — that the topic of Donald Trump has been unavoidable.
Yet money doesn’t guarantee success.
Two surgeons, he said, told him they were concerned about the innings Harvey was piling up.
We need to redo that.” Randall Horres, who came to the rally with his family, indulged in some shouting at the protesters who remained in the parking lot after the event had concluded.
Kidd, like Fisher, made a direct transition from point guard to professional head coach, taking over the Nets last season.
Hustling to his car at the Warren Stamping Plant, Jim Alter, a Tier 1 worker, said he would most likely vote for the new agreement, but was not surprised the initial pact was rejected.
His mother, the former Margaret Winchester, managed Fair Oaks, the family farm in the Hudson Valley.
New shows and collections seem to be springing up constantly throughout the year, consumed hungrily and instantaneously around the world on a variety of platforms before the editors have even filed out the doors.
Four of the dead were reverends — one of whom was the church’s pastor, a South Carolina state senator, Clementa Pinckney.
In the months after Seau was chosen to be inducted, Sydney had been preparing to make a speech.
Mr. Menendez won his first election, to the board of education in Union City, at age 20, and served six years as mayor before being elected to the House of Representatives in 1992.
In contrast, the athletes representing 41 Western Hemisphere teams in the Pan Am Games, which end on Sunday, are getting little attention.
“Staying at Fulton helped me to continue to follow my dream,” she said.
Ensuring the well-being of his family as well as those he aids through Rose House are vital obligations.
(He had introduced it in Berlin in 2009.)
“The courts are very clear that hateful, racist speech is protected by the First Amendment,” said Erwin Chemerinsky, a constitutional scholar and dean of the law school at the University of California, Irvine.
• Because of an editing error, a picture caption on Thursday with an article about quarterly earnings at 21st Century Fox misstated the relationship of one of the people shown, Sarah Murdoch, to Rupert Murdoch, Fox’s executive co-chairman.
In 2014, the life sentence against the former chief of the general staff, Ilker Basbug, the most senior of the officers jailed over the coup plot, was voided .
Archbishop Charles J. Chaput, the head of the Archdiocese of Philadelphia, suggested giving Pope Francis the biggest honor the city could possibly offer: renaming the city after him.
I know change is scary and it’s hard to shrug off the habits of a lifetime, but consider this: Your entire adolescence was only 20 minutes long.
“Permitted encampments are not, in my view, a long-term strategy to end homelessness,” Mr. Murray said.
Mr. Rahim’s friend Atiqullah, who ran the local grocery shop, closed it and also left for Iran with his wife.
The move is sure to anger the opposition, which has been arguing against a postponement, and inflame its supporters in a volatile electoral environment.
(Dargis) ★ ‘Learning to Drive’ (R, 1:29) This small, smart dual portrait of the deepening friendship between a New York book critic (Patricia Clarkson) and her Indian-American driving instructor (Ben Kingsley) belongs to a school of grown-up, low-drama two-handers that doesn’t condescend to characters from different cultures and backgrounds.
The officers ordered Mr. Taylor to lie down, and when he fled instead, they chased him.
The heroine is a fetching young heiress who will surely live happily ever after.
Sigue a NYT América en Facebook y Twitter para leer más artículos de The New York Times en español.
The first reader to make this diagnosis was Theresa Baker, a retired bookkeeper and mother from Philomath, Ore. She said she immediately recognized the disorder because her young niece has suffered from it for over a decade.
“The frenzy that we saw in the foreign exchange markets has, at least for today, calmed down.” The Standard & Poor’s 500 index climbed 25.71 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,065.95.
There are no records of how many of those people, who often spend hours looking at the 2,307 statues and sculptures on and in the cathedral, wonder about those — including all the ones that surround the front doors on the inside — that are missing arms or legs or faces or all three; or how many who come to view some of the famous stained glass windows, including a set by Marc Chagall, wonder why most of the soaring windows are just clear glass, when once they were all composed of brightly colored panes dating back to the Middle Ages.
The Times, Mr. Wilson said, “can sell ads on our pages and retain 100 percent of the revenue” in both the Facebook and Apple partnerships.
Liberated from rooms built for eating, with no obstacle but will to any of the numerous spots in nature, you make most sense by going strange.
Testimony in the confirmation hearings of Loretta E. Lynch wrapped up Thursday with members of both parties praising her performance and with her winning her first declared Republican supporter, Senator Orrin G. Hatch of Utah.
“Nemtsov was a tireless advocate for his country, seeking for his fellow Russian citizens the rights to which all people are entitled.” Mr. Obama recalled meeting with Mr. Nemtsov in Moscow in 2009 and praised him for his “courageous dedication to the struggle against corruption in Russia.” A dashing, handsome young politician of the early post-Soviet period, Mr. Nemtsov soared into the upper levels of government, and he was often touted as an heir apparent to Mr. Yeltsin.
“Art and Craft” was directed by Sam Cullman and Jennifer Grausman, who both also produced the film, with Mr. Cullman acting as cinematographer as well.
I don’t know, because I was not confident enough in that to risk the conversation.
His stark, devilishly difficult vocabulary tethers the dancers to the floor, releasing them only to yank them down again.
Other smaller pieces, such as some of the rock crystal, are set in niches in the walls, and the objects throughout are brilliantly lit to enhance their sparkling, varied colors and coruscating surfaces.
They hire private investigators to identify tenants who are violating rent regulations.
One of the issues that constructors have with creating a quip or quote puzzle is that not all quips or quotes break into “chunks” that scan well.
They may not be able to finish games and win them, but they’re competitive.” Jackson then made the arguable claim that the Knicks were “interesting to watch and entertaining.” More interesting will be how the Knicks retool their roster.
Normally I’d use a stovetop device, but the electricity in the apartment is not so good, so now I use a filter plunger.
Novak Djokovic will advance to the semifinals, after a four-set victory over Feliciano Lopez.
Technology for big computers, electric cars and high-technology microcontrollers to operate things like power tools and engines is now given away.
“There has been growing public interest and knowledge in fashion.
Thailand ’s military junta on Sunday extended its rule by at least seven months when its handpicked reform council rejected a constitution written by its own drafting committee.
“Even for Hispanics, some of these things will be revelations,” Mr. Rivas said.
Lacers at the factory turn footballs outside in, stuff a rubber bladder inside and push a nipple through a hole so the footballs can be inflated.
The future of American energy, according to one widely held view, will include solar panels and wind turbines continuing to proliferate, churning out ever more electricity and eventually eclipsing fossil fuels to help offset the forces of climate change.
Many Cubans embraced the new regulations but expressed skepticism that the United States would follow through.
I even learned about METACOMET , also known as King Philip, who crosses the MADE TO MEASURE volume, but who just escapes making it in there.
The way a food sounds in your mouth may greatly influence your perception of its taste.
I signed on for three, so it needed to be a great experience.
Some small hotels are joining the service themselves.
Correction: June 22, 2015 An earlier version of this editorial imprecisely described how savings are achieved from family planning services.
When Comcast announced its $45 billion takeover of Time Warner Cable in February 2014, the notion that television viewers would have the freedom to pay for exactly what they wanted to watch and how they wanted to watch it seemed like something that might be possible in the distant future.
“If that is lost, then I think that not only does it give ammunition to folks who don’t believe in a Jewish state, but it also, I think, starts to erode the meaning of democracy in the country.” Amid signs that this had not assuaged the outrage within Israel or abroad, Mr. Netanyahu went further on Monday to apologize directly to an invited group of Muslim, Christian, Bedouin and Druse supporters.
The anxious mother was avoiding the phone and television, taking what reassurance she could as the hours passed without news of the worst.
The prevailing wisdom was that nurture could trump nature, and that children adopted into “good homes,” provided every advantage, could become productive members of society, despite the circumstances of their births.
I found some evidence of this which I describe in detail in this paper .
After meeting Erison in one of the worst parts of his life, I got to watch him in a moment of great resilience.
And, in retrospect, his attempt to move on loan to England’s Premier League, which is among the most fierce and physical on earth, was also a gamble taken too soon.
“You sure you want me to take that bait?” Boyd asks Raylan there in front of the vault.
Organizations that use cultural fit for competitive advantage tend to favor concrete tools like surveys and structured interviews that systematically test behaviors associated with increased performance and employee retention.
Subsequent sales pitches capitalized on the idea of low lights and privacy.
Are the privations of the journey, the abuse of traffickers and the risk of drowning worth the distant hope of finding a job as a janitor in Stockholm or picking tomatoes in southern Italy?
188 when it derailed just outside Philadelphia on Tuesday night, killing them and two other people.
MARCEL BROODTHAERS Broodthaers (1924-1976) was a Belgian poet-turned-artist known for sculptures made from eggshells and mussels, as well as assembling absurd “museums” that brilliantly critiqued real ones.
“We looked at the flagpole, we looked at them, we looked at the flagpole, we looked at them,” James Tracy, one of the Marines, recalled.
The company’s sales — not its growth — declined in both those areas.
Slightly more than $20 billion is spread across 133 active exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar.
There were upsetting moments as well: In 2003, Mr. Flake and other lawmakers had breakfast with dissidents, who were later rounded up and jailed.
She feared the trouble with her eyesight signaled the onset of a disease that has worried her since she learned about it in nursing school: multiple sclerosis.
We want to give you a taste of what it’s like to go somewhere, and words alone aren’t enough.
Fue el choque cultural más fuerte que he experimentado en los cinco años que llevo como estudiante en Estados Unidos.
In that way, the stories are tragic but knowing.
Walmart, one of the companies in attendance on Tuesday, reiterated a pledge it made last month to ask its meat suppliers to follow guidelines set by the American Veterinary Medical Association, including veterinary oversight and limits on antibiotic treatment to animals that are sick.
He has spent just one night at home — this Sunday — since his swearing in this month.
Last year, a number of failed deals hit them hard – including AbbVie-Shire and 21st Century Fox and Time Warner.
Mr. Belov, the director, and others said that it was important to diversify the financing.
Now, in anticipation of Pucci’s 40th anniversary in the business, 30 of the company’s greatest hits are featured in a new exhibition, “Ralph Pucci: The Art of the Mannequin,” opening tomorrow at the Museum of Arts and Design in Manhattan.
[ New York Times ] • Fare increases and service cuts loom on New Jersey Transit.
New Resource Bank is another publicly traded B Corp in the United States.
She and her husband stayed at the property in August, during the shoulder season, but learned at check-in that the hotel was fully booked.
The injury’s severity went undetected until November 1977, when an arthroscopic examination revealed bone damage that further play threatened to render permanent, forcing his premature retirement at 31.
SPURS 95, BUCKS 70 Tim Duncan recorded 16 points and 10 rebounds in 19 minutes, and San Antonio improved to 10-0 at home by cruising over Milwaukee.
The feuding between Mr. Rajoy and Mr. Mas started in 2012 as a dispute over the financial contribution that Catalonia should make to a Spanish system that redistributes tax income from Catalonia and other wealthy regions to poorer parts of the country.
(Dargis) ★ ‘Brooklyn’ (PG-13, 1:51) Saoirse Ronan gives a remarkably lively and subtle performance as Eilis Lacey, a young woman who emigrates from Ireland to New York in the early 1950s, in John Crowley’s lovely adaptation of the novel by Colm Toibin.
But willfully bad management is a risky strategy and a mean way to live.
With his family, he has spent vacation visits at the chateau, updating the heating, expanding the flower garden and adding a pétanque (boules) court.
If the deal was indeed “promising,” Iran would have promised — and substantiated that promise — not to destroy Israel.
Hopefully his visit, and his speech at the United Nations tomorrow, will have some effect.
Martinez would meet us at a cafe downtown that night.
Instead, officials said the announcement was intended in part to more clearly align American sanctions with those imposed by Canada and the European Union.
The Metro desk did some brainstorming.
With the debate tonight taking place in Nevada, a state with a growing Hispanic electorate — a key part of the modern Democratic base — overhauling immigration is certain to be raised.
With an anemic running game, Lindley, who threw his first two career touchdown passes just last weekend, had little margin for error.
The Houthis quickly advanced beyond Sana, sparking a violent reaction from Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, their longtime foes.
“Those students then go on to become art teachers and that circle develops, so there is no contemporary art education.
Charles Isherwood Did he pay for that early mention?
A 26-year-old man has been arrested with two accomplices, Hurriyet Daily News reported.
“But yeah, last year was really difficult.
“We don’t need a loan.
But in some dog breeds, there’s a 22-fold higher risk for cancer.
She already loses several days of instruction time to standardized testing, she said, and this new requirement is another intrusion.
The British government has declined to bless the sale out of concern that Mr. Fridman or his company might become the target of expanded sanctions on the Russian energy industry stemming from the Ukraine conflict.
For years, domestic and international rights organizations have documented abductions and extrajudicial killings and torture by Bangladeshi security forces, including the Rapid Action Battalion, an elite counterterrorism squad that receives training in internal disciplinary protocol from the United States.
I have even offered to help fund the tunnel and accelerate its review process.
There was only the dullness of a blowout (times two) and, ultimately, the tantalizing prospect of an explosive matchup in the offing.
He said Monday that he was retiring because of concerns about his safety, and his decision may have ripple effects well beyond the professional ranks.
$10 to $30; members and children 2 and under, free.
작가며 가수, 춤꾼 지망생들이 맨하탄의 이스트(안되면 웨스트) 빌리지에 세들어 살 수 있었고, 한번 밀려난 사람들이 또다시 부쉬윅이나 호보켄으로 쥐어짜이듯 밀려나기 전의 시대였습니다.
“I can’t recall her ever taking time to search through what’s in there,” Professor Watkins said.
At no point during the night was the crowd quieter.
“As Christians inspired by this certainty, we wish to commit ourselves to the conscious and responsible care of our common home.” Still, in a low-key but evident break with Mr. Obama, Francis at the end of the day made a previously unannounced stop to see the nuns at the Little Sisters of the Poor to underscore his support for religious freedom, a Vatican spokesman, the Rev.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and Mr. Obama.
By shifting to a softer growth target with an “around” qualifier, the government is also signaling its intent to focus more on the composition of economic growth than on its absolute pace.
I argue that we should abandon the conceit that a “true” Artificial Intelligence must care deeply about humanity — us specifically — as its focus and motivation.
And this proposal is the president’s whack at an answer.
The shopping is the hook.
The National Association of Realtors said existing-home sales increased 2 percent to an annual rate of 5.59 million units last month, the highest pace since February 2007.
Detectives were searching on Wednesday for a 25-year-old man in connection with a series of attacks on Asian women in Manhattan over the last week.
These are some of the unlikely artworks that have disappeared from public places since 1945, says Historic England , a government service that protects English heritage.
“We both thought it was important to help, to not sit back and watch it happen,” Mr. Hillier said in a phone interview from his home in Ontario.
I knew from the look on his face that I had let him down.
Misdemeanors, many of them minor, some aggravated by an outstanding bench warrant for failure to appear in court on another case, failure to complete court-ordered community service or failure to pay a fine.
Bruce Rauner, a Republican, and Democrats who control the legislature approve a budget, the comptroller’s lawyers said.
Over the years she has reported numerous complaints with the police of racially motivated harassment and intimidation, though the police have said that none have so far proved credible enough for charges to be brought.
“Eso habría provocado una crisis sin precedente en Argentina”, dijo Sergio Berensztein, analista político, sobre el efecto de las peticiones de arresto si hubieran sido emitidas.
I had another root canal.
Because there’s Team Black where, O.K., you may have to work sometimes to be accepted if you look like us, but your membership is clearly stated.
Senators Cory Booker of New Jersey and Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, both Democrats, and Rand Paul, the Kentucky Republican, introduced the bill earlier this month.
— Jim Yardley (@JimBYardley) June 18, 2015 — elisabetta povoledo (@EPovoledo) June 18, 2015
“That’s where I’m most comfortable, where it’s not the sure thing.” Toy Box’s 400-some employees represent just a fraction of Mattel’s 31,000-person work force, but the manufacturer is relying on the unit for some of the most technologically ambitious projects, including two of its more prominent items this holiday season: the interactive talking Hello Barbie doll and View-Master, a decades-old 3-D brand that Mattel reimagined as virtual reality goggles.
This would allow Europeans to decide what information citizens of every other nation can access.
House leaders seemed so confident that the measure would draw strong bipartisan support that they put it on the calendar for expedited approval requiring two-thirds support.
He was in the right place at the right time in the 25th minute, heading home a rebound off an Altidore shot.
Re-energized, Choko resumes his investigations into the past, confronting the paradox of himself as a “liberal peacenik who also happened to have idolized his right-wing-fanatic father.” The ambiguity of postwar Japan is compounded by the ambiguity of memory, as Choko’s sister, wife and friends, old and new, add their voices to what he thinks he knows.
Democrats are already likening Jeb Bush to Mr. Romney in an attempt to buttress the stereotype of the G.O.P.
Now, he has a recurring role as a dope-dealing percussionist in the Amazon Prime series “Mozart in the Jungle”; season two starts shooting the week of Aug. 10.
The Eagles said he died at an assisted living center after a brief, unspecified illness.
But two years later, Sotheby’s was guaranteeing almost nothing because of the losses it had suffered.
In a nearly four-hour address to Congress on Sunday, Mrs. Kirchner suggested that Mr. Nisman had been manipulated by people trying to destabilize her government.
Last week, talks between the national security advisers of both countries, scheduled to be held in New Delhi, were canceled after sharp disagreements emerged over Pakistani plans to meet with Kashmiri leaders in New Delhi.
The U.S. defense extended its scoreless streak against a tough German attack.
A day after China laid out its vision for a navy that can project power into the open seas, Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter on Wednesday criticized Beijing’s efforts to build artificial islands in the South China Sea, making it clear that the United States would not be deterred by Chinese claims to newly built territories.
A lot of artists had that response.
But critics from both parties say that such a deal would be a dangerous charade that would leave Iran with the opportunity to eventually build weapons that could be used against Israel or other adversaries.
“It felt like I’d been hit by a plank.
Pimco disclosed that regulators were looking at the pricing of small positions taken by the exchange-traded fund in some mortgage-backed securities.
“This is the first time that this dark chapter of American history will be done on the Broadway stage.” Mindful that theatergoers often skip Broadway musicals that are tagged (however unfairly) as ruminations on history, like “The Scottsboro Boys” and “Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson,” Mr. Takei highlighted the romantic subplots and centrality of baseball in “Allegiance,” as well as the overarching theme of family unity.
But while that in turn gave way to all sorts of editorializing about whether the United States was a fattist country, and so on, it turns out that the weight thing, when it comes to political campaigns, is not in fact solely an American question.
— The New York Herald, European Edition, Feb. 21, 1915
With Ramadan beginning on June 17, the topic of fasting came up.
Do you have a health question?
“Our management team has had ongoing and positive communications with the police and we will continue to work with them as we all want to keep violent crime out of our businesses and community.” Sergeant Swanton said the confrontation appeared to have “started over a parking issue,” but he declined to elaborate.
Fill a rocks glass with ice.
He and his family move around following work, harvesting potatoes one month and grapes the next.
Comix at Foxwoods, 350 Trolley Line Boulevard.
Reception: Oct. 9, 7 to 9 p.m. Guttenberg Arts Gallery, 6903 Jackson Street.
PEEKSKILL Bean Runner Cafe Tony Pastrana’s Salsa Band.
• Bean boots and pencil skirt, says Stacey McMath.
Simple logic would suggest the answer is yes, a point that the Obama administration is using to build support for the president’s effort to make climate change a centerpiece of his final months in office.
1: Do not use email!
SHREWSBURY Guild of Creative Art “All-Member Edgy Exhibit,” group show.
The Associated Press said Wednesday that it was considering legal action over unfulfilled Freedom of Information Act requests for government documents covering Hillary Rodham Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state.
Mr. Guerrero broke the silence.
But as her latest unwanted break from the game comes to an end after three and a half months, her coach, Sam Sumyk, says she is finally pain free.
And denying sex workers the right to do their work legally infringes on other rights, such as their access to legal aid and recourse.
“What’s it feel like?” What’s it feel like?
MASHANTUCKET Fox Theater, Foxwoods Casino “Oh What a Night of Doo-wop and Rock & Roll.” May 16 at 8 p.m. $40 and $50.
Many just keep the watches in cases.
Elijah is never more heartbreaking than when he’s imagining all the people he loves brought together in one place.
Indeed, aside from Cardinal Timothy M. Dolan, the archbishop of New York, the administration had few avenues for outreach to the blue-collar, white New Yorkers who make up much of the department — and most of its union leadership — but who are not among Mr. de Blasio’s core political supporters.
An anxious child’s forlorn complaint, or a classic bid to keep the conversation going a while longer at bedtime?
(Early this month): 19 Wyckoff Avenue (Troutman Street), Bushwick.
But those findings were not shared with Takata’s headquarters in Tokyo, the report said, citing internal emails from Takata’s safety director at the time.
It is simple to use, and encryption protects sensitive personal information in the event a device gets lost.
Pacquiao seems to be getting frustrated by Mayweather’s dancing and holding.
Marvin Mandel, whose record of modernizing Maryland’s state government was overshadowed by a messy divorce and a fraud conviction for helping associates profit from a racetrack deal, died on Sunday in St. Mary’s County, Md.
I’ve never seen a more talented guy.”
She graduated in May and just started work as a public defender in Shelby County, Tenn. “Miss Courtney, y’all kept telling me I was a primary person the clemency was about,” Mr. Norris told her.
I think the absence of accountability is the reason they occur.”
Shafer: We’re all in agreement here — it’s manipulative, it’s skeezy.
The poor, Francis said, are “cast off by society, forced to live off what is discarded and suffer unjustly from the consequences of abuse of the environment.
“We’ve hired 140 people so far this year; we need to keep hiring.”
Aproximadamente en esa época fue que se detuvo el crecimiento de Gucci.
SHANNON EBNER The first comprehensive exhibition of Ms. Ebner’s “Black Box Collision A” series, installed in the ICA Miami’s temporary location, before moving to a new building in Miami’s Design District.
Banks have had a surge in problem loans.
At the moment he’s a contract killer with a big problem, having spectacularly botched a job that leaves his intended victim alive, and his boss’s son dead.
After all, Keuchel has been known to hit 94 miles per hour when he wants to.
Last week, Iran participated for the first time in international talks aimed at resolving the Syria conflict.
“The donation was transparent and fully within federal campaign finance laws,” Mr. Barletta said.
“It was just very unfortunate timing,” said Paul McCreary, the parks and community services director in Dublin.
At 8:30 p.m., the Paramount, 370 New York Avenue, near Main Street, Huntington, N.Y., 631-673-7300, paramountny.com.
The deafening metallic screeches of the No.
He’s always had good hands.
99 Gansevoort Street, at Washington Street, 212-570-3600, whitney.org.
• Oscar Pistorius leaves jail.
That’s all I can do.
Kraft himself signaled his understanding of that endgame.
“The people are what drives a good time, and I find it’s easier to hang out at the parties.” He looked around and took another sip of his drink.
They offered the evaluation team its Question Zero: How can we measure the health and household-related benefits attributable to WAP that are shared by the network and the families served?
But the fan pavilions behind those attractions are really the place to be.
That cabin offers 36 inches of seat pitch, complimentary on-demand in-flight entertainment and a personal power outlet for those who prefer their own electronic devices.
It is probably inevitable that American aid to Israel, already a top recipient, will be increased, but Congress knows those increases come at a time of strict limits on federal spending and will undoubtedly require cuts in other programs.
The tension was on ample display last week in a ruling in the public corruption case against the New York Assemblyman Sheldon Silver.
Pérez Molina ha estado cada vez más asediado desde abril, cuando los fiscales ordenaron el primer arresto relacionado con el escándalo.
But more cars and jeeps are arriving, bringing people to look at the wondrous cats.
Murray said Wawrinka was likely to be confident, particularly with recent wins in the Davis Cup, which Switzerland finally won, and this month’s Chennai Open in India.
“No, it’s not,” Mr. Mott insisted.
Ignorance can get everyone in trouble.
The week would begin with a third, specially curated evening sale titled “The Artist’s Muse,” combining art across varying periods.
Gold edged down $2.30 to $1,276.20 an ounce.
The Americans won, 3-0, benefiting from the absence of Britain’s best players: the brothers Reginald and Laurence Doherty.
There was enough to gawp at in the knit jockstraps, spangled jerseys and — for Sibling, arch provocateurs that its designers are — tailored suits.
At various times; Walter Reade Theater, Lincoln Center, 165 West 65th Street, 212-875-5601; and SVA Theater, 333 West 23rd Street, Chelsea, 212-592-2980; subwaycinema.com/nyaff15.
Maybe this should have been a 10-episode series.
Saurabh of San Francisco offered a blunt question: “When was the last time a politician or news commentator called white bankers ‘thugs’?” “I think the pervasive, 24/7 problem is that some are presumed to be thugs just based on the color of their skin, regardless of their behavior,” Lifelong New Yorker of New York said.
“We framed the relevant community as broadly as possible to make the case that we’re all in this together — not just transsexual people but people who cross-dress, butch lesbians, feminine gays and so on,” Mr. Minter said.
I saw a sign advertising a lumberjack show, which I’d already seen on the wall outside the men’s room in the Cheboygan pub, and I saw plastic sculptures of fish and elk a dozen feet tall outside lodges and eateries.
And that one was weird.
A lifetime ago, or so it seems, the Yankees collected big stars like Harper.
It wasn’t a matter of feeling threatened, but like many men in that period, I had trouble understanding what kind of statement Denise might be making with her driving efforts.
All equipment is provided, but supplies are limited.
Some of my students didn’t survive.
Can old dogs make money out of old tricks?
The way that I’ve set it up is I only get sound for emails when I get emails from my bosses, and I use the V.I.P.
Popper believed that the main role of the experimental scientist is to test hypotheses, find that many are false and discard them.
With exactly one minute to go, the group figured out the number combination that let them unlock the door.
Michael Heizer , 71, will show his full-scale slide projection of the horizon from inside an 18-foot-deep hole that he excavated in Munich — the first time the Whitney has been able to show the piece, which is in its collection.
In a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry, Mr. Gowdy said the State Department had not “produced one single piece of paper responsive to the committee’s request for records” from aides to Mrs. Clinton, the former secretary of state and current Democratic presidential candidate.
Justin Rodriguez, a spokesman for the county executive, Steven M. Neuhaus, said a medical examiner could use facts outside of the autopsy, citing a state law that addresses determinations about cause and manner of death.
“But if they don’t let me go, I will consider other options, like staying in Austria or trying to go to another country.
And the impressive 400-pound oak door that was the original front door and now guards the foyer had languished in the basement for half a century.
In letters he is not permitted to read, she recalls her childhood in Nigeria, her marriage, her arrival in England and how she came to be separated from her son.
Lubin, one of the oldest French perfume houses, released Upper Ten this year, for men and women.
Then he met Giorgio Pinchiorri.
But while America’s motives are very different, we have this much in common with Putin: We, too, see advantages in managing conflicts, intervening just so far and no further, keeping a hand in (or a drone above) without seeking a final victory or a final peace.
Barely a month later, Congress said that Ms. Feinberg had misinterpreted the lawmakers’ intent.
and the New York Red Bulls — shared a float during the parade.
They loved the three-dimensional map: the towers, ladders and bridges magically rising up.
BLOOMBERG NEWS Tudor Venture to Develop Macro Trading Talent | Paul Tudor Jones, founder of the $14 billion Tudor Investment Corporation, is starting LaunchPad Trading, a joint venture that will train 20 young macro traders before they start managing client money, Bloomberg News reports.
At 4 p.m., Herbert Von King Park, Lafayette Avenue at Tompkins Avenue, Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, cityparksfoundation.org/arts/summerstage-kids.
Georgia Private Colleges and Universities Authority, $77 million of university school building and refinancing bonds.
Mondays through Fridays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Frank and Gertrude Kaiser Art Gallery, Molloy College, 1000 Hempstead Avenue.
The past decade has given me time to reflect on the main cause of Lispector’s obscurity: the increasing global dominance of English.
Immediate relief may be near, but the final image, which finds the Girl onstage alone, immobilized by the possibility of another life unfolding, leaves us with the unsettling sense that she cannot even envision a future that could erase the deep scars of the past.
Championship only to lose by a combined 10 strokes.
Prices fell inexorably, however, with technology improvements, and Mr. Tucci attempted to add value to his products by buying a number of other companies, including document management and security firms.
But the stories of Mr. Pistorius and the Hilton boys, as well as the statistics, suggest that sexual violence crosses boundaries of race and class.
In 2016, there are the Hill-starters.
Mr. Zayat called Mr. Rubinsky “Howie” and asked that he pray for him.
He was 11, and his crime had been to leave his coat in the hotel restaurant.
But sometimes things just work out and Arrieta was able to get a double-play groundout from Starling Marte to end the threat.
Everything in the still life, he said, was there to begin with.
다소 난감한 질문이긴 하지만, 아시아계 미국인이 두각을 나타내는 비결은 무엇일까?
The two men also spent time together at Dr. Melgen’s home in the Dominican Republic, located within a gated oceanfront resort.
The Mets did not even expect Freeman to play.
Penn Jillette , the popular magician and television host, wrote on CNN about the Indiana law, calling it “goofy” and arguing that “it’s good business to be in business with people you don’t agree with.” BuzzFeed finds Senator Marco Rubio ‘s absence from Iowa interesting, saying that while he had made an “early investment in a key early state,” he has not been there since November and “has yet to announce a big hire.” Reuters reports on fake candidate websites that are, at best, set up by ardent fans, and, at worst, contain malware.
They’d debate all sorts of things.
With three touchdowns, it is tied for the league lead with Atlanta’s and Arizona’s defenses.
Or, if you want to take the activity in a different direction, see the Going Further section below for additional ideas.
(Samuel J. Friedman Theater, 261 West 47th Street, 212-239-6200.)
Mr. Abe has written of the admiration he felt for his grandfather for sacrificing for his principles.
Tuesday’s announcement stated that it would reach this goal five years early.
The deal came at a considerable price.
■ ¿Los aumentos en el precio de la soda reducen realmente su compra?
Part of the reason the government moved so quickly was that both major parties in the coalition will have annual congresses starting in a week, and that they apparently wanted the military deployment question settled beforehand.
Una dinámica inesperada, en la forma del Tea Party, puso en pie su campaña primaria por el Senado en 2010 contra la del gobernador de Florida Charlie Crist, en una contienda que se esperaba resultara una espectacular derrota para Rubio.
Gray wolves are their ancestors.
El poder de la FIFA emana de dos fuentes.
Latham says correspondence from his constituents more than quintupled from his first year in office to about 40,000 in his last, much of it angry ultimatums generated by media figures like Deace.
이명박 정부 때 내세웠던 국민적 합의가 부족하다는 논리는 여전히 건재하다.
But with his assets reduced to just $31 million, that means firing the man who sweeps his beach.
Indeed, BMW is working with another company, Parkmobile, and is considering integrating parking location and payment features with its robotic valet in the future.
Ira Berlin ranks as one of the greatest living historians of slavery in the United States, in no small part because of his commitment to readers beyond academia.
And the effect on U.S. interest rates so far has been … nothing.
Still, among the most generous companies, shareholders’ discontent is percolating.
Mr. Maduro has strongly denied the accusations that government officials are involved in the drug trade and has said the allegations are part of an American plot to undermine his government.
His replacement, Sean M. Connolly, has yet to announce his plans.
“He was a black guy doing whatever he wanted to do, and he was of my time,” Ilunga says.
Children can help the characters as they decorate the train station for a big surprise party and pose for photos with Thomas at the end of the singalong show.
Meanwhile, Ruiz recently co-founded a foundation, Cuba Untitled, to continue the cross-pollination of cultures and artistic ideas.
But there is no appetite for adding more sanctions, as some American officials would like.
Har-vey!” were booming around the stadium.
management weaknesses,” the report concluded in urging Mr. Billington to “expeditiously hire” a permanent chief with the power to get a grip on the library’s assorted computer systems.
Mayor Bill de Blasio, also a Democrat, has called for a minimum wage of $13.13 an hour in the city.
You aren’t going to get anywhere with this Jew stuff.’ ” Except he didn’t use the word “stuff.”
“These unprecedented figures appropriately reflect the conspiracy’s breathtaking flagrancy, its systemic reach and its significant impact,” Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch said.
And then everybody took off.
Mr. Cunningham’s first match is on March 29.
Scotland is mentioned in at least two of Lermontov’s poems.
And that he is responsible to his team and to his franchise, to his ownership, just as we all are.” We’ll see.
Ms. Duran also was sentenced to 30 days in jail for siphoning money from her election account to fuel a gambling addiction.
The Times welcomes comments and suggestions, or complaints about errors that warrant correction.
He added that the autopsy of Mr. Zambrano-Montes would conclude that he “was shot multiple times in the torso,” but he declined to elaborate.
But he readily accepted the assignment when he learned that it was in the West Indies, and he rapidly became an outspoken religious figure there.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and the army chief, Gen. Raheel Sharif, strongly condemned the attack and vowed to continue Pakistan’s fight against militancy and extremism.
“What he was trying to portray didn’t exist anymore, so he recreated it,” Mr.
THE KEEPER , by Tim Howard with Ali Benjamin (Harper) .
A CELEBRATORY MEAL POIROT WOULD LOVE On July 1, Belmond Hotel Cipriani in Venice and Pera Palace Hotel Jumeirah in Istanbul along with the train Venice-Simplon-Orient-Express will collaborate for a dinner to mark 125 years since the birth of the author Agatha Christie.
For a newcomer, the critical reception is merciless.” He also observed that the past year just happened to yield fewer new works by “big names” than usual, adding, “In this edition, you had to be a selector but, most important, you had to be a programmer.” This annual churn of established names and rising talents is as signature a feature of Cannes as any other (along with the tallying and caviling).
“Here and Now,” sculpture by Howard Fromson.
It won the Tony Award for best play and the Pulitzer Prize for drama in 1989 and has been widely produced in other cities since then.
The field for the Prix de Diane race on Sunday at Chantilly racecourse north of Paris is likely to comprise just over a dozen fillies, and Queen’s Jewel is the standout among the rising stars.
How involved was Stephen Elliott in the adaptation?
“I have tremendous respect for the Kochs’ support of the arts,” said Ms. Clinton, who was wearing a black dress from Chanel and arrived with her husband, Marc Mezvinsky.
Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. East End Arts Gallery, 133 East Main Street.
In New Mexico, where a right-to-work measure passed through a newly Republican-held House last month, Democrats said they expected to see the measure vanish in a committee of the Senate, still held by Democrats.
In Rio, more than 20,000 people are on a list in case City Hall decides to issue more taxi licenses.
All 10 of Ms. Jenner’s children and grandchildren are expected to be onstage when she accepts.
As a result, the soloists, who already had to contend with dense instrumentation, strained to keep up.
At 21, Jordan Spieth has won his second major and become the most celebrated player in golf.
The air campaign, in conjunction with a naval blockade the coalition has imposed on Yemen’s main ports, had “dramatically worsened” the country’s humanitarian crisis, the report said.
In South Korea, Britain’s announcement is likely to reignite the government’s internal debate about the merits of membership, said Hahm Chaibong, president of the Asan Institute for Policy Studies in Seoul.
“We knew that they had won plenty of games in the playoffs without him leading up to the finals.” James has filled up the box score with an incredible number of points, rebounds and assists.
The list runs on and on, from aal (German for eel) to zucchini, seeming to contain the promise of a universal cookbook of European and American cuisine, pieced together from all the recipes ever written — a Borgesian feat of quixotic and fantastical taxonomy.
The show’s leading lady, the great Chita Rivera, heats up the proceedings considerably.
Mr. Dunn’s story “is inspiring and will serve a very beneficial purpose if widely read, but I do not want to suggest that it is essential to the legal analysis in this case,” Justice Alito wrote in a brief dissent joined by Chief Justice Roberts.
“They’re not paying 10 or 20 bucks to see Chuck Wright the person.
What a beautiful night, I thought.
That compares with Boeing’s 655 gross orders between Jan. 1 and Dec. 2, giving it 568 after cancellations.
They passed the fish, browned and crunchy, in small bowls.
Some read that as a subtle hint that Exxon Mobil might review its relationship with the university.
The bride, 30, works in New York as a senior account supervisor in the consumer marketing practice of the Edelman public relations firm.
But experts caution that the field is young and changing quickly, so the technology is not always reliable or user-friendly.
Schlosser tells the bad news.
“I’ll take three more rounds like that,” he said.
His swift announced departure, after tangling with members of the Midtown Manhattan hall’s board and staff, leaves bitterness — and serious charges about the governance at Carnegie — in its wake.
“The current challenger I have is someone being more conservative who criticizes my vote for John Boehner as speaker.” He added: “I feel strongly that we should go to nonpartisan redistricting.
and Justice Department prosecutors had recommended charges against him, several senators continued to support him.
“By combining the two types on a single chip , Intel thinks that by late next year it can start offering its big business customers ways of fine-tuning performance to suit specific needs,” Mr. Hardy and Mr. Bray write.
MetLife also complained that the council kept information secret, making it impossible for it to learn exactly what its designation was based on.
The result is lots of self-deprecation and ironic banter.
The way he sees it, he is no mere screenwriter; rather, he’s an artist who can’t be bound by the events of a person’s life — even when he’s writing a movie about that person.
It was not clear if any structures were damaged, but several hundred homes lost electricity.
Though not widely known outside academic circles, Dr. Jaffa wrote for National Review and other publications and was an astute analyst of conservative politics.
The oddly ubiquitous microgenre of documentaries memorializing storied print publications is represented by two films, Douglas Tirola’s “Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead: The Story of the National Lampoon” and Leah Wolchok’s highly entertaining “Very Semi-Serious,” a history of cartoons in The New Yorker.
That book, “ What Pet Should I Get?
A similar salad on the menu, the Bibb and Bleu, added bacon, a soft egg and croutons.
One might also think we chose the name to honor Abraham Lincoln, who ended slavery — and earned Daniel Day-Lewis a third Academy Award.
6 train, one of those cars with “orange and yellow way too narrow for the butt” benches.
Much of the audience at the half-full theater that day appeared to be as unprepared as I was.
The Hudson’s Bay Company, which owns Saks Fifth Avenue, is in advanced talks to buy the start-up for about $250 million, a person briefed on the matter said on Monday.
He sprayed champagne and high-fived fans in the stands.
By being memorable for attacking Mrs. Clinton, candidates risked losing a chance to define themselves in a positive way and highlight differences with their Republican rivals.
and it doesn’t work — that may be the best option available.
The Tax Policy Center said that Mr. Trump’s campaign did not respond to its follow-up questions about the proposal and its experts expressed pessimism about the impact it would have on the economy.
In one recent year, 10 of the largest football programs took in nearly $800 million — “hedge-fund level” windfalls, Gaul observes acerbically, little of which is passed on to the universities themselves.
Mr. Haney’s factory, on Long Island, has been loading 50 to 60 “hot boxes” —smallish trailers that can hold three to five tons of asphalt and keep it at roughly 300 degrees — a day, compared with 15 hot boxes a day in a normal winter.
George Romney appointed him to fill the Senate seat of Patrick V. McNamara, who died of a stroke at 71 in April 1966.
Mr. LeGrier, who was staying in his father’s apartment, had declined to go to a Christmas dinner with his father, said Albert Person, a cousin.
“When I hear African-Americans try to run the race game on Chuy Garcia, it just infuriates me.” Mr. Davis, who is African-American, and has endorsed Mr. Garcia, said he has heard worries among some black voters that their concerns about widespread unemployment, the strained public school system and deteriorating neighborhoods would not be heard.
KENTUCKY 21, MISSOURI 13 Patrick Towles threw two touchdown passes and ran for another score to lead host Kentucky (3-1, 2-1 SEC) past No.
But a few of the debt specialists advising Yanis Varoufakis, the Greek finance minister, contend that they have a strong intellectual case for defaulting on debt owed to the central bank and the monetary fund.
Patrick Healy The “Something Rotten!” producers are thinking along these lines, Scott, for sure.
But several people who identified themselves as Starbucks employees complained on a Facebook private group page that they still were scheduled for clopenings, despite the company’s pronouncement.
Since 2011 she has been sharing that enthusiasm through her parlor, Tea With Tracy , in Seymour.
“God willing, it will fall,” he said.
This is a reprehensible, profit-driven concept.
Until 2005, those guidelines were mandatory; now they are advisory, but remain a starting point for judges.
The insurers rely heavily on narrow networks to be able to offer low-price plans.
Being alert to the twists and turns of a game is vital, since it’s the glimpses of character that emerge during these unlikely sequences that give baseball its essential flavor.
The university, on a campus studded with magnolia trees and Georgian buildings known as Ole Miss, posted a record enrollment of nearly 23,100 students last fall, and Dr. Jones has been praised for helping to upgrade its academic and cultural credentials.
But his move was belated.
Other steps include sharing their experiences with urban dwellers and publishing a self-sufficiency guidebook, which is in the works.
Richard L. Aboulafia, an aviation analyst with the Teal Group in Fairfax, Va., said Boeing’s engineers would cheer the return, in Mr. Muilenburg, of an engineer to the chief executive’s suite.
Yes, there are plenty of opportunities for gender bias elsewhere, but the expectation of equal length leaves could only help.
Where a Jew lived during World War II made all the difference.
Though no single formula exists, strategists agree on several basic rules for grabbing voters’ attention.
Similarly, in a 2008 interview, Mr. Kennedy spoke of how his family’s medical problems — from his father’s 1961 stroke to his own broken back in a 1964 plane crash to his son Teddy’s bone cancer, which caused him to have his leg amputated — made the health issue and the goal of national health insurance “a central force in my life.” For the Kennedy family, “financial security was always present” during these crises.
“He was robed from head to foot in filth.
Twenty-five years ago, he wrote about Mr. Carter for The Nation, describing him as “the very model of an ex-president.” Since leaving the White House in 1981, Mr. Carter has remained in the public eye as an author and rallying voice of numerous political causes.
Nationally, it is estimated that in 2012 gun violence cost more than $229 billion.
Buried in a long story about corruption in China in The New York Times a couple of months ago was the astonishing fact that the era of “supercharged growth” over the past several decades had the effect of “lifting more than 600 million people out of poverty.” From handouts?
By appointment at 165 Clermont Avenue, No.
For the lesson to work, the Hollande government must find ways to make those values a reality for the many French youths who feel marginalized from French society.
He promised to continue to pray for us.
“It was present in the first frame,” he said.
Even as the hotel became a focus of public attention, often serving as a backdrop for news reports on the outbreak, the hotel had repeatedly said that no guests or hotel workers contracted Legionnaires’ disease and that it immediately treated and disinfected its tower.
Mr. Limbaugh described the dust-up as an over-hyped effort from “the drive-by media.” He returned to the topic in the show’s second hour, pointing out that Democrats have taken shots at Mr. McCain’s service — including Senator Al Franken of Minnesota, years before he was elected to the Senate.
spokesman could not immediately say whether WizBang or another vendor produced that piece of mail, although he said the group had a rigorous vetting process for the nearly 10 firms it has on its list of preferred vendors.
I tried to catch notable newcomers and cast changes, to move beyond the premieres and big stars to see how things are faring on those ordinary nights that are an opera house’s lifeblood.
“Everything was good, and everybody was getting these big checks, and everybody waited for their land to be leased, and then it all came to a screeching halt around the beginning of the year.” That screeching was the price of oil cracking — to under $45 a barrel from more than $100 a barrel last summer.
New York State’s chief judge, Jonathan Lippman, has called eloquently and powerfully for the establishment of a right to counsel in housing court.
Add to that six long years of a bull stock market in the United States, and a coinciding six consecutive years of underperformance from the hedge fund industry.
The transgender series was pushed out at a “moment when the public was ready.” Readers may find columns, editorials, Op-Eds frustrating, enlightening, right on, or misguided.
Last month Woods traveled to China and Japan to spread the gospel of golf according to Nike, his main sponsor.
None of us are entitled to the seats we hold in this body.” Democrats were no more captivated by their former party mate’s return.
At this time of year it is a common fantasy for wage slaves who slog to the office in the city: If only work could be relocated to the mountains, or the shore, or maybe a lake.
Saturday at 8 p.m., Sunday at 2 p.m., 358 George Carter Road, Becket, Mass., 413-243-0745, jacobspillow.org.
In the end, Mr. Reichental never met his former captor, who told The Irish Times last month, when asked about the complaint: “Not Bergen-Belsen again.
On Feb. 8, a new building devoted to the art of the region opens at the Museum of Arts and Sciences in Daytona Beach.
Along the way, it became a lightning rod for controversy because of, among other things, the way it can be used to turn women’s bodies into unnatural magazine-cover icons , or its use by propagandists and your casually mendacious social-networking buddies who doctor their vacation snaps.
Alas, that’s the best we can tell you about one of the night’s most anticipated battles: best actress in a musical.
Susan Sommer, director of constitutional litigation for Lambda Legal and the lawyer representing Ms. Murphy and Mr. Williams, said she believed that their marriages should be recognized as of the dates they were officiated, and not the date of the Obergefell decision.
Pen and ink was, of course, the proper medium for this project.
Chang said he couldn’t imagine anyone doing that because players had pride and integrity.
Homicides in the city have risen 60 percent this year, to 319 through Dec. 5, compared with 199 in the same period last year.
And that successful landing was a milestone.
New York State Environmental Facilities Corporation, $110 million of revolving funds revenue bonds.
Meanwhile, growing terrorism concerns led port officials globally to impose tighter restrictions on weapons being carried into national waters.
Russia intends to host its own meeting Wednesday in the Security Council devoted to counterterrorism efforts in the Middle East.
At present, lawmakers who are lawyers are not required to name clients, list specific fees or reveal whether any case could have a connection to state operations.
But this year, violence and upheaval have overwhelmed the holiday season, making it difficult to offer public expressions of cheer across the West Bank.
Even as he is open to raising taxes on some individuals, he is running on a net tax cut over all.
9 P.M. (Starz) STILL ALICE (2014) Julianne Moore won an Oscar playing a Columbia linguistics professor struggling to maintain some semblance of normality as she deteriorates from early-onset Alzheimer’s disease.
“Oh my God!” one woman yelled from the crowd.
The new third-floor space is equipped with a ceiling-mounted projector and a drop-down screen, so the couple can watch movies up there.
His essential child being, his fragility and buoyancy, his shrieks of happiness and complaint, air the room out.
“I just look at what jumps out at me,” she said.
Don’t blame the weather; housing starts declined in the South and West.
Interview conducted and condensed by VIVIAN MARINO Q.
Now it has turned to a less obvious target: golf.
A few scenes later, he is back in Iraq, seemingly more at ease.
Saudi Arabia also exports instability with its brutal war in Yemen, intended to check what it sees as Iranian influence.
Recent data showed a plunge in home resales in January and softer single-family housing starts and permits.
Despite attempts by some American lawmakers to paint the Basel Committee as some distant, foreign body whose regulatory agenda should not apply to banks in the United States, nothing could be further from the truth.
(Some signatures did look suspiciously similar.)
One night, we went to a bar named Diesel in a taxi cum drugstore stocked with coke for just under $15 a gram.
Leonardo DiCaprio stars as the 19th-century explorer Hugh Glass, and the period film (which also features Tom Hardy ), charts a wilderness expedition that turns into a quest for survival.
Then there’s Pym’s inferiority complex.
Ainda assim, esse mesmo ginásio vem produzindo regularmente ginastas de alto desempenho que acabaram representando o Brasil.
The State Department’s “general policy” was that email generally be conducted on an “authorized” computer with adequate security measures.
Other plans remained unchanged at $7.99 and $11.99.
Tyene, the one with the daggers, belongs to Ellaria.
Any comprehensive solution to this criminal justice catastrophe must come from Congress and the state legislatures which for decades enacted severe sentencing laws and countless other harmful measures.
In “God Help the Child,” however, we get clipped first-person confessionals and unusually vague landscapes: “The road looks like a kindergarten drawing of light-blue, white or yellow houses with pine-green or beet-red doors sitting smugly on wide lawns.
The case has shaken not only the community of political scientists but also public trust in the way the scientific establishment vets new findings.
“It’s a bit of a mystery, because the writers have been quite playful at the start,” said Ms. Chan, 32, who, after studying law at Oxford, traded a legal career for the Drama Center London, which led to roles in “Doctor Who,” “Secret Diary of a Call Girl” and “Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit.” “I don’t think the show presents either a utopia or a dystopia,” she added.
That’s what’s exciting about it.”
He delineates structure and suggests mood subtly through embellishments, agogic (rhythmic) accents and in several instances an added cadenza.
My daughter has this same aura of the wild about her, as though beneath a veneer of sophistication she is constantly hearing the summons of her native land, somewhere formless and free that still lies inside her and to which at any moment she might return.
How can you tell the difference?
At the funeral, Mr. de Blasio spoke quietly, saying Officer Moore was a rising star.
“There has been a massive taste shift.
“The big challenge for her is, can she offer progressive policies that are constructive and efficient — but are ones that appeal to the liberal base but aren’t too hard-left?” It is also a return to form by Mrs. Clinton, who shifted in the 1990s to supporting more moderate and piecemeal policies after being vilified during the health care battle.
Let’s say that if the book is unrealistic, it’s not for those reasons.
It will also hold on to its Bionic Gloves division and its Powerbilt golf brand, as well as the Louisville Slugger Museum and Factory, which draws more than 300,000 visitors a year.
Two formally dressed soldiers of the Army’s Old Guard walked over, each carrying a tightly folded flag they would present to the master sergeant’s daughters.
That was easy enough, with pink Champagne and nibbles of Japanese and Italian food to enjoy, along with custom paddle boards for auction designed by Oprah Winfrey, Tory Burch, Donna Karan, Aerin Lauder and Ms. Perry, a founding supporter of the event, who wore an ensemble of pink and persimmon but did not enter the race that morning.
June 13 at 8 p.m. $45 to $99.
And Samsung and LG phones have remote control apps that will control their own TVs and Blu-ray players.
Hikers are equipped with detailed route descriptions, maps and accommodations booked in advance by Ireland Walk Hike Bike.
The winner or winners of the auction will be notified by 5 p.m. on Friday.
And I’d have a little rock with it.
For those in the finance industry, Bitcoin isn’t just a digital token for online purchases.
As I wrote in June when Dylann Roof killed nine black people in a Charleston, S.C., church after complaining that black people are “raping our women”: “There is the thread of couching his cowardice as chivalry, framing his selfish hatred as noble altruism in defense of white femininity from the black brute.
— Sam Tyson (@SamInteractive) June 26, 2015
But the lower cognitive scores among the treadmill walkers, compared with people in chairs, were unexpected, Dr. Larson said.
The following year the Weavers were investigated by the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee, whose purview was to root out subversive citizen threats.
DealBook » Carlyle Reports Declines in Energy Investments | A group of the private equity firm’s energy funds fell 17 percent in the quarter as publicly traded investments in that portfolio declined because of the collapse in oil prices.
It is where the farmers and ranchers feed their livestock, which in turn feeds the people.
“Look at Hitler in Germany, Mussolini in Italy and Peron in Argentina,” Mr. Fernandez writes in the ad, which was first reported by Politico .
According to estimates researchers at the Urban Institute made in 2013, a single man earning the median income who turns 65 this year will pay about $70,000 in lifetime Medicare taxes and collect about $197,000 worth of lifetime benefits.
Depending on whom you ask, Alicia Shaffer, owner of the hit Etsy store Three Bird Nest , is a runaway success story — or an emblem of everything that has gone wrong with the fast-growing online marketplace for handmade goods.
John Kasich , of Ohio, and Gov.
Within his first year of taking up the game, Patterson said, he had lowered his handicap to 10, and there, essentially, it has remained.
But legal experts say that such a plan only gives false hopes to those who were disappointed by the court’s decision.
For Mr. Emanuel, 55, who has raised millions of dollars more than his opponent, the race has been something of an extended apology session for his brusque, uncompromising personality.
It should not be surprising that the winner, Josep Maria Bartomeu, was the acting president over the past year when the team won every title it could — La Liga, the Copa del Rey and the Champions League.
Joss Whedon, the director and writer of “Age of Ultron,” said: “He had to wear some silly clothes and a helmet that shined two lights right in your face.
When the Levee breaks, mama, you got to move.”
The scrutiny coincides with Deutsche Bank’s efforts to overhaul its ranks and streamline its businesses.
The last book I read, for instance, Simenon wrote that Maigret went into breakfast, and he had sausages and half a liter of white wine.
His daughter Kirsten Piroth said that the news ended a “long, long year” of anxiety.
In many cases, though, that’s not true.
That is because Israelis across the spectrum see the deal as a dangerous one that only increases the threats the state faces, softening the ground for a politician like Mr. Netanyahu whose campaigns play on voters’ fears.
One of the biggest dangers is saying something off the cuff that might make sense in a particular context, but that sounds completely off the rails to the wider public .
“The Washington machine that gobbles up our freedoms and invades every nook and cranny of our lives must be stopped,” Mr. Paul told a jubilant audience at the Galt House hotel.
The swaggering center of the new album, and of this show, was “Your Pain Is Mine Now,” oozing with shoegaze cool.
Ms. Biros said that she and Mr. Feinberg expected to receive about 500,000 potential claims from owners of affected Volkswagen vehicles.
(Another officer later testified at trial that she had suffered broken ribs, but this was not mentioned in medical documents.)
But “if you make a minimal effort to understand Charlie Hebdo in its proper context, you cannot conclude they are racist in any meaning of the term.” The conversation about Charlie Hebdo in France has indeed been different from those in the United States.
The stronger dollar is making American coal more expensive on international markets relative to competitors like Australia, Indonesia and Colombia.
“These are just the visceral things people see,” like floors, paint, and countertops, he said.
She seemed a little tired, and no wonder.
“You have to keep them clean and take care of them, or over time, bacteria breaks down that margin between the restoration and the tooth.” If the decay is severe, the teeth will have to be pulled and the patient will need surgery to do a root canal and attach posts for implants.
The Rangers’ other three centers — Dominic Moore, Derick Brassard and Derek Stepan — also scored.
“It’s good to be here,” Mr. de Blasio replied, adding, “It’s an important time to be here.” Neither man agreed to take questions from the news media.
Hedwall’s competitiveness is legendary, dating back to her days on the Swedish national team, as well as at Oklahoma State University, where she played college golf.
in Iraqi territory “a dangerous escalation and an offense to Iraqi sovereignty.” Iraqi Kurds have been on the front lines against the Islamic State.
“We were just holding our breath, hoping nothing was going to come out of it.” Fortunately, Rylee was not infected.
When produced in other areas, like the coastal Paestum region of southern Campania, as James Carman of Alexandria, Va., pointed out, aglianicos can be very different.
In what was seen by some as a setback for the White House, the compromise, in the form of a Senate bill, would give lawmakers a greater say in the terms of a final deal, which negotiators of Iran and the P5-plus-1 group are working to complete by June 30.
But the foliage was not cooperating.
It can also be used for scrolling and zooming.
He also said that the officers had their shields out, and that the gunman knew they were police officers when he fired.
The Bard Festival Chorale sang elegantly in the passionate chorus scenes, including the carnival opening Act I. Mr. Botstein and the ensemble illuminated Von Schillings’s considerable skill as an orchestrator, highlighting the colorful nuances and effective shifts of mood and tension.
The drivers first threatened to stage a snail protest on the beltway that encircles Moscow on Nov. 30.
She would force insurance companies to limit how much customers could be asked to pay for drugs each month.
How Russia aims to achieve its goal of keeping Ukraine isolated from the West.
“The subjects I talk about, Chinese politicians don’t talk about, and foreign journalists don’t dare ask — or if they did ask, they wouldn’t get an answer,” Zhou told me.
But mostly he is an accommodationist.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day Celebration in Harlem (Sunday) At this ninth annual event, sponsored by WNYC and the Apollo Theater, the hosts, Brian Lehrer of WNYC and Melissa Harris-Perry of MSNBC, will discuss the history behind and challenges to the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
And “Alan Turing: The Enigma,” first published in 1983, is enjoying new success on our paperback nonfiction list .
The king himself kept abreast of the sharpest remarks, and granted audiences to those who made them.
1 Bowling Green, Lower Manhattan, 212-514-3700, nmai.si.edu; free.
I wrote down the first few lines of the poem John had written back then.
To the Editor: Re “ The Rolled R’s of Vanessa Ruiz, ” by Ilan Stavans (Op-Ed, Sept. 17): My first thought in response to the controversy sparked by the news anchor Vanessa Ruiz’s rolled R’s was this: Did viewers have any difficulty understanding what she was saying?
The Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge, the latest model of this popular Android phone, has a 16-megapixel camera — right at Google’s ceiling for photo resolution.
“It’s an entity bigger than a God could ever be.” We wonder aloud: How did we get to where we are?
“I hate what my handwriting looks like, so I upgraded it,” he said.
Steve Dumas, 35, and his wife, Suzanne, 36, were renting an apartment in Tarrytown last year and looking for a house with “enough space so we didn’t have to move in a few years,” said Mr. Dumas, who is the senior director of strategy for a startup in Midtown Manhattan.
“Breaking Bad,” another critically beloved AMC drama, won five Emmys for its final season.
After all, images made of found images are images, too.
They showed how incongruous transgender men and women looked, standing next to non-transgender people in the restrooms lawmakers were insisting they use.
The 2015 Hurricanes have not lost any of the excitement associated with their predecessors.
“Hopefully, I can be an everyday player again.
Witnessing that strange spectacle, apparently, is reserved for the likes of U., and you and me.
He ignored the rice, though, and instead ambled from one rathole to the next, occasionally snapping up a loose crumb.
“We’re all gathered in one purpose, to mourn the loss of a great man — a young man, but a very great man — Officer Brian Moore,” Mayor de Blasio said.
Perhaps to reassure shareholders, Deutsche said it expected to recommend that dividend payments resume in 2017, at a “competitive payout.” When a bank cuts a dividend, it is typically a sign that it is trying to conserve its capital, the financial buffer that insulates a bank against shocks and losses.
“We saw substantial restoration of vision in patients who were progressing toward complete blindness,” Dr. Albert M. Maguire, a professor of ophthalmology at the University of Pennsylvania and a lead researcher in the study, said in a news release being issued by Spark.
That’s what groups like ISIL are hoping for.
There was no way President Obama could travel to East Africa and not make an effort to resolve the tragedy that is South Sudan, though the prospects for a solution are bleak.
Mr. Pfeiffer informed Mr. Obama of his plans last month aboard Air Force One while bound for Boise, Idaho, the day after the State of the Union address.
Her roles through the decades included trustee pro tempore, Children’s Church instructor and member of committees that dealt with matters ranging from grant writing to elevator construction.
Rattigan’s skill for anatomizing the quiet ache of humanity once again holds true, notwithstanding the jollity of a happy ending that may now seem a touch contrived but was undoubtedly very bracing in its day.
Readers dissatisfied with a response or concerned about the paper’s journalistic integrity may reach the public editor at public@nytimes.com or (212) 556-7652.
It’s an “I told you so” moment for Tennessee State Representative Bill Dunn, who slammed his state’s prekindergarten as “like paying $1,000 for a McDonald’s hamburger.” When a nationwide evaluation of Head Start, the federal government’s preschool program, reported similarly disappointing outcomes three years ago, Mr. Whitehurst delivered a blistering critique.
He graduated from Washington University in St. Louis and received a law degree magna cum laude from Harvard.
Bobby Harden, blues and soul.
26 seed Flavia Pennetta on Thursday night.
By mid-February, the team said, season ticket sales were up 600 percent from the same time the previous year.
You wouldn’t just take it.
[ New York Times ] • A brazen gang has burglarized 73 A.T.M.s, often stealing the entire machine.
The report said, though, that there was evidence Mr. Jain was aware of market rumors about rate fixing in 2008 and that he “might have knowingly made incorrect statements” to Bundesbank officials about his knowledge.
Taconic Outdoor Education Center, 75 Mountain Laurel Lane.
Lights were on in many of the apartments inside.
Late in his career, as his workload for The New Yorker became lighter, Wind supplemented his published dispatches with letters that read like articles, sometimes written off televised sporting events.
Abraham L. Esper, the pastor at St. Patrick’s-St. Anthony’s Roman Catholic Church next door, said he periodically heard church members playing drums or saw them doing work in the yard or on the roof, often with children in tow.
The site previously housed the much smaller main stadium for the 1964 Games.
Lowe’s, meanwhile, joined the ranks of retailers delivering disappointing results in the second quarter, missing earnings expectations despite a healthy 4.5 percent rise in quarterly sales.
But you’re not solving problems for American wage earners.
Porch Light Productions, 555 Broad Street.
Judge Margaret M. Morrow of United States District Court in Los Angeles said in her ruling that Pom did not deserve an injunction because it could not show it would be harmed without one.
Depending on how the final rule is written, it could force even more transparency.
Premiums came in far below expectations; part, but only part, of this positive surprise was given back by 2016 premium hikes, with overall costs still looking very good.
The United Nations estimates 550,000 acres in Afghanistan were dedicated to growing poppy last year, more than three times the area farmed in Myanmar.
It makes it sound more French.
It was also named a School of Distinction by the state last year for the performance of its students with disabilities.
Silverlight got a lot of use as the platform behind NBC’s online video streams of the 2008 Olympic Games , but Microsoft has since stopped further development of the software and did not include it in its new Edge browser for Windows 10.
“I said, ‘Hey, they were not in a car accident; it sounds like it was made to look like a car accident.’ But the official line was that there was no danger.” That has generally been the official line, and for good reason.
Natural gas rose 0.8 cents to close at $3.016 per 1,000 cubic feet.
He first reported creating carbon-carbon bonds with palladium in 1968 while working at Hercules, a chemicals and munitions manufacturer in Wilmington, Del.
A comparable mantra is helping a little duck in the East Village, though he’s not running for office — at least not yet.
Range said Friday that he had halted the investigation, pending the findings of the outside assessment.
But even while Comcast has been busy working to mobilize this support — it had a huge team of 124 federal lobbyists working for it last year — there is growing chatter in Washington that it has been less successful this time in making the public case for its deal.
En pocas partes del mundo, aun cuando se controlaba la satisfacción en la vida antes del matrimonio, estar casada hacía más feliz a la gente.
Comments on editorials may be e-mailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.
Also included is a nature walk with the artist and naturalist Alejandro Turell to learn about how Uruguayan wildlife inspires his works, an excursion to an artist’s studio for a look into his or her creative process, a visit to the atelier of the sculptor Pablo Atchugarry, and a traditional Uruguayan barbecue.
There are others, but I’m giving you the ones I most enjoyed.
Valeant severed ties with Philidor in October after questions were raised about its practices and about why Valeant had hidden its relationship with that pharmacy, which it had an option to buy.
The denim purists — looking professional in unsullied indigo fresh off the shuttle loom, in their natural habitat of bare brick walls and old gnarled wood and other textures invested with magical thinking — are likely to meet the approval of strict good taste.
Asked if she had ever figured out her ex-husband, Ivana Trump said, “Yeah, I figured it out.” But then she added, “Well, I really don’t know.” History suggests that each party’s eventual nominee will emerge from 2015 in one of the top two or three positions, as measured by endorsements, fund-raising and polling.
But that thinking was not shared by many in Ukraine.
The fear I thought I had left behind when I immigrated caught up with me.
Shortly before leaving town for the summer, Congress approved – and President Obama happily signed into law – three bills that, taken together, will preserve as permanent wilderness roughly 275,000 acres of spectacular mountain terrain in Idaho known as Boulder-White Clouds.
Ms. Colon said one developer came in and said approvingly that a cafe was just what the strip on Bruckner Boulevard needed.
Scott Walker , who announced his campaign for the Republican presidential nomination on Monday.
But the sparks of heat and citrus in the yuzu kosho vinaigrette on the skin kept us going until we began to think that Upland deserves a place in the annals of poultry wing cookery alongside the Anchor Bar in Buffalo .
The judge, she said, ruled that “a genetic test is a genetic test is a genetic test.” “It’s really a bizarre case,” said Lawrence O. Gostin , a law professor at Georgetown University.
Octoroon , 12.5 percent African.
Worried about the possible health risks, Dr. Buck and Dr. Metcalf, professors of geoscience at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, reached out to experts in asbestos-related diseases.
An hour out of Havana, a man with no shirt leaned on a gray Lada with the hood up, not having bothered to move it off the road.
BP ’s future no longer has a giant cloud ahead.
I’m wearing a Trump tie tonight.
He had not heard from him since.
“A lot of times they will.” But it was clear that not all animals made it out safely.
23 Cincinnati (10-2) past host Virginia Commonwealth (5-5).
In other words, how long is forever?
In the last 10 years, rising median wages for musicians have outpaced the rest of the economy by 50 percent.
— Mike Leslie (@MikeLeslieWFAA) July 20, 2015
It was asking for equity.
The judge, noting that the trial has been underway for several days, said Mr. Aleynikov’s lawyer, Kevin Marino, was not given adequate time to prepare for cross-examination or arrange to have his own expert witness take the stand to rebut Mr. Lynch’s testimony.
Then, as soon as his name began to be mentioned online, he appeared to have logged in to Twitter and Facebook to begin posting the outlines of a defense and an explanation, as well as his own clip of the killings.
In a representative case, Berkshire acquired R. C. Willey, a family-owned furniture retailer, for a price 12.5 percent less than a rival bid; Berkshire paid $175 million, besting offers above $200 million.
They are making art and music and movies, and having parties and doing poetry or stand-up open mikes and gathering for late shows at Joe’s Pub or Under St. Marks or the KGB Bar.
Eating Local at a D.C. Airport As airports continue to remodel themselves to better reflect their destination, local chefs from Rick Bayless in Chicago and Michael Voltaggio in Los Angeles have opened gate-side restaurants.
He moved it to West Houston Street, where he served omakase for 11 years, until last December, when a rent increase forced him to close: 362 West 23rd Street, 917-639-3940.
Out went Kershaw, in came reliever Pedro Baez, and David Wright stepped to the plate and lined a two-run single to center to put the Mets up, 3-0, and give them enough of a margin to come away with the victory.
Barclays said in a news release that it expected to book a charge of $325 million related to the settlements as part of its third-quarter results, which the bank will report on Oct. 29.
A loss to Stan Wawrinka in the French Open final is the only match that kept him from going for a Grand Slam on Sunday.
Royal Dutch Shell , the oil giant that announced an almost $70 billion takeover of the British oil and gas producer BG Group last week, is expecting prices to recover much of their recent drop over the next few years.
Before Lundqvist could even reach the bench, Kreider had scored, and Lundqvist thrust his arms in the air in celebration, grateful for the chance to deny the Capitals once again.
A court order shut down Mubasher Misr the same month I joined Al Jazeera English, but the channel continued to broadcast by satellite and Internet from studios in Doha.
Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr., who is considering a run of his own and who has been included in several recent public surveys, received 20 percent support.
The small screen offers plenty of post-Vietnam, pre-Sept. 11 nostalgia these days, but don’t expect a warm and fuzzy feeling from “Narcos,” an irresistible drama that begins streaming Friday on Netflix.
Several notable French citizens, including Claude Monet, Simone de Beauvoir and Jean-Paul Sartre, have rejected it for various reasons, including not wanting to be linked to the government of the day.
The time has come to show them the door.
On Thursday, the state news agency Xinhua reported that investigators for the railway police in Harbin, the provincial capital, had concluded that Mr. Xu had attacked the police officer, Li Lebin, and that Mr. Li was “appropriately performing his duty” when he fired.
A former children’s resort called the Lighthouse is the last Ukrainian redoubt on this tense part of the front.
Morgan Stanley and Deutsche Bank will act as global coordinators on the offering alongside ABN Amro, according to NL Financial Investments, which oversees the government’s holding.
In Philadelphia, where Francis will cap off his visit by celebrating Mass at a Catholic conference on family values, the conference’s volunteers include Baptists, Jews and Lutherans who are chipping in not only time and energy, but also money to catch a glimpse of the pontiff.
“But I’m always looking for a townhouse with a garden, or a place upstate; my true love would be a house in Palm Springs.” He has done imaginative work at the Adirondacks retreat owned by the actress Sigourney Weaver.
“The phone fell out of my hands, and I had to go sit in a corner.
Aug. 1 at 8 p.m. Arthur Lipner, jazz.
Her colleagues seated on either side of her had each lost a pregnancy last year, hoped-for babies whom they separately described exactly the same way: “Like losing a dream.” She, however, has her toddler, Matthew.
More concerned with protecting the rim after Howard and Josh Smith combined for five dunks off alley-oop passes in a key run in Game 2, the Mavericks let Harden have his shots.
There’s a case that no realistic amount of money could save Mr. Cruz from the widespread elite judgment that he’s unelectable and unpresidential.
Trading in 5,000 points would yield a $50 statement credit, for instance.
In 2000, she married Kevin Moore, with whom she had a son, now 13; they later divorced.
Dodgers starter Clayton Kershaw was denied his 100th career win, and took a no-decision.
“We have more features and services than any other cloud platform.” No doubt the sales teams at multiple companies will dispute that second sentence.
In March of this year and last, the smog in Paris reached such levels that the authorities were forced to temporarily limit the number of cars on the road each day.
This is, in all of the heartbreak and violence and sadness, where we are.” Linda Sarsour, a longtime Arab-American activist in Brooklyn, who said she was working with the family, added that for those who fear mistreatment, the episode “sends a message to other young people in the Muslim community that the fear is valid.” Much of their rage online addressed a perceived double standard in the news media, with posts saying that the killing of three Muslims was not receiving much attention.
But every review of the record said the exact same thing, which is that this record is ostensibly a rock opera but you’re never going to be able to tell what’s going on because the story is incoherent and you can’t understand what the singer is saying anyway.
But when half of all federal inmates are in for drug crimes, even small changes can make a real difference.
He also partly lifted another disputed requirement, that doctors have admitting privileges at local hospitals, for two clinics in isolated locations, McAllen and El Paso.
exports in the national interest under existing authorities is an excellent bargain.
Senator Marco Rubio made a big bet on an immigration overhaul that failed — and he has been running away from it since.
The brief does more than just say the Newman decision was wrong.
Mr. Jindal reported only $21,000 in spending before his official announcement on June 23, mostly on facility rentals shortly before the announcement.
“We made a lot of plays along the way here, and there that hurt us.” The Lions looked more in sync and focused from the start and methodically built a 17-7 halftime lead.
Women had just begun to be permitted to work as teaching fellows at the time, Ms. Rivlin added, and they took exams separately from their male counterparts.
As any involved parent will tell you, that is a painful place to be.
The development site has 26 plots, of which 20 remain.
Under the Constitution, which was written by a junta, the military controls a quarter of the seats in Parliament, enough to block any amendments to the charter.
Wednesdays through Sundays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Samuel Dorsky Museum of Art, at the State University of New York at New Paltz, 1 Hawk Drive.
But it remains unclear whether anyone who helped him was aware of what he intended to do, or when.
Make it “splitting his time between the two companies.” ••• Demographers have known for some time that the number of people in India would surpass the number in China, the two most populous countries in the world .
LOUISE BOURGEOIS: NO EXIT The centerpiece of this show is a series of ink drawings from 1947 and 1950 and a rare copy of “He Disappeared Into Complete Silence” (1947), an illustrated book with nine scary parables.
My best intro-to-New York story is gross.
These heroines aren’t like their traditional selves — Snow White, for instance, is allergic to apples — and neither are their princes, who may be more clumsy than charming.
Mrs. Gottlander, 25, is training to become a jewelry specialist at Sotheby’s in New York.
But Ritani has given me a chance to acquire new millennial customers I couldn’t get on my own.”
‘The Hunger Games: The Exhibition’ (Friday through Thursday) What enterprising 12- or 13-year-old wouldn’t like to foment a little rebellion?
‘‘When I started out early in films, people said, ‘Oh my gosh, you can do this.’ And I said, ‘Yeah, I can.’ I don’t know why, but I knew I could.
There was “deerstalking in the company of Prince Charles.” Hughes was mocked for some of his poems about the royal family.
“I think the answer is no.” On Wednesday, Secretary of State John Kerry said at a closed-door meeting on Capitol Hill that the total number of refugees taken in by the United States could rise to more than 100,000, from the current figure of 70,000.
The company has invested about $6 billion into its offshore Alaskan exploration program, without completing a single well.
I mean, we didn’t really recruit.
But what if insulating my children turns out to be a mistake?
Mr. Graham doesn’t think the notebooks doomed his White House bid.
Although she has led, by many accounts, an admirable life in prison, Ms. Clark will not be eligible for parole until 2056, when she is 107 years old.
Gardner laughed it off, acknowledging that the damage could have been worse.
Of the eight issues listed in this graphic, how many did you identify in the “Before Reading” activity?
“No.” In spite of the heat, the unforgiving acoustics and the slings and arrows of Manhattan commuters, Opera Collective members, who regularly perform in the subway as part of a mission to bring opera to the masses, claim a subway station is good training for the concert hall.
You could also file a complaint with the State Liquor Authority.
Pickled fiddlehead ferns recently made their way into the ham and cheese crepe.
The Obama administration said on Wednesday that it would take the first step toward regulating greenhouse gas emissions from airplanes, but it acknowledged it would most likely take years before stringent standards are enacted.
The Federal government is worried because the ruling could set a dangerous precedent by declaring the Fed’s actions illegal.
We’ve got a season to play, however this goes.” Darvish is the latest star Japanese pitcher to sustain serious elbow damage.
The difference was significantly larger in the black pairs than in the white pairs.
20-16!” chant at the ready.
A teacher she had at the Hotchkiss School gave a class a thought experiment: You’re a ferry captain on a sinking boat.
(Golden Agri-Resources, a palm oil plantation company based in Indonesia, is the lead investor in the Verdant Fund.)
Ms. Speace, however, was game, even in the middle of the rollout for her new album, “ That Kind of Girl.
The case has cast a spotlight on the ethnic makeup of Pasco, a working-class center of apple, grape and potato production about 220 miles from Seattle that has more than doubled in size since 2000.
In this, “Submission” is strongly satirical, and its satire is directed toward the intellectual classes, among whom no trace is found of idealism, and not a shadow of will to defend any set of values, only pragmatism pure and simple.
There are some trees and it’s hard to see.” The Thai police spokesman, Lt. Gen. Prawut Thavornsiri, said the security camera footage showed two men who appeared to be accomplices at the shrine, including one who gave up his seat on a bench and then stood nearby as a backpack was being placed on the ground.
Watch people fiddling with their baseball caps as they sit at a stoplight or on a bar stool, primping and preening in what must be the most socially acceptable form of self-grooming.
SHOPPING IN SOHO Either we go to Whole Foods and restock the fridge and get stuff for dinner, since we always cook on Sunday nights.
WISCONSIN 55, PENN STATE 47 Sam Dekker scored 22 points, and Frank Kaminsky added 16 as No.
The topics of the posts included criticism of the government’s policies toward the Uighur ethnic minority in China’s far west Xinjiang region, and sarcastic comments about two well-known legislators.
Baths in both the master suite and family bathroom have been set into picture bay windows to make the most of the spectacular views from their tubs.
“He’s breaking all the patterns of cardinal nominations,” and even the bishops of dioceses that in the past led to a cardinal post “will have to earn his respect,” said Alberto Melloni, the director of the John XXIII Center in Bologna.
(When I expressed surprise that there were no anchovies, Gianni said: “There should be.
How many stories were there out there that were right for Fixes?
Photo As a child, David Campbell tried to close a gap between his two front adult teeth with elastics.
WHAT is the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL?
“Probably the idea that is most attractive to an average voter, and an idea that both Republicans and Democrats try to craft into their messages, is this idea that you can rise from nothing,” said Charles C. W. Cooke, a writer for National Review.
The “Symphonie Fantastique” was the highlight and, surely, a high point in the performing lives of these dedicated student musicians.
“These things happen in life; unfortunately it happened to me,” Mr. Waithe said.
Mr. Capers said that once the federal civil rights investigation into the events began, Mr. Burke sought to quash the report, coercing detectives into agreement on a false story to cover up the assault.
Schubert at the Metropolitan Museum “May I offer you the gift of a song?” singers will be asking random visitors at the Metropolitan Museum of Art this week, part of Lee Mingwei’s performance piece “Sonic Blossom.” If the answer is yes, a private (or, at least, semiprivate) performance of a Schubert song will follow.
China’s rapid economic growth has drawn growing numbers of cars, trucks and buses onto roads where, especially in the countryside, rules are often poorly observed and enforced.
The asking price for a one-bedroom with 700 square feet was $599,000, with monthly maintenance of around $1,250.
Jillian persuades Arella — her translator and the only tribe member who speaks English — to intervene and convince as many members as possible to give up their blood, which she duly does.
Because of our faith in God as creator, redeemer and sustainer, we have a mission to protect nature as well as human beings.
Though Vanguard charges a flat fee per participant, he said it cost them the equivalent of 0.82 percent of total assets.
But also, we believe, because dramatic headlines make for a better story.
Sherrilyn Ifill, president of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, said the Confederate flag has only one fundamental meaning.
“He had a certain look at the time, and a certain charm, and he could go there,” Mr. Pacino said.
In that regard, I thought we did a good job.” Bowles purposely kept things simple for Fitzpatrick, recognizing that he had gone through only one day of practice with the starting team.
She graduated cum laude from Williams College.
Most often, they opt for the artiste du jour, as crowned by the rich players who control the art world.
While low across-the-board taxes are not a violation of European Union rules, special deals offered to some companies that are not available to all businesses in the country can be judged illegal.
Moreover, Ms. Miller insisted that two dogs play the role, so their work schedule could be divided.
She is the daughter of Sheila F. Abbott and Robert G. Abbott of Riverdale, the Bronx.
I’m a young man, but now I’m going to the next level to take a grown man’s position.”
throughout this process, and had already taken steps to enhance our existing internal controls and procedures with respect to our internship and hiring practices.”
The bride’s father is a gastroenterologist in Purchase, N.Y.
“It was just one of many speculative questions that political journalists like me ask in the hope that, just occasionally, they might get an answer.
We’re old school about the family gathering around the table for meals.” Their dishwasher and the massive refrigerator they eventually installed may be high end, but they were hand-me-downs from their friends Al Roker, of the television show “Today,” and his wife, Deborah Roberts, a journalist for ABC.
No, that is not a joke.
We would do well to begin separating these debates and recognizing the difference between those who tell war stories on screen and those who were actually there.
Many here believe that in seeking to fulfill that newfound purpose, Ms.
That’s especially true when the wine has some age, diminishing the overt sweetness, and comes from a modest, unpretentious producer like Alfred Merkelbach.
The Wall Street Journal looks at Mr. Bush ‘s lucrative time as an investment banker with Wall Street firms, where he used his policy acumen and myriad connections to help clients.
Many children in the region already have been weakened by malaria and malnutrition.
June 14 at 2 p.m. $16.50 to $42.50.
She faces a preliminary hearing on Aug. 24.
In Georgia, where the legislature will adjourn for the year on Thursday, opponents of a pending proposal rallied Tuesday outside the State Capitol.
Both pillows were quite comfortable, if slightly crispy, and held their shape.
At Galerie Kreo, tongue-in-cheek pieces like designer Konstantin Grcic’s solid oak stairway to nowhere, titled “London Calling,” embrace the conceptual over the functional.
Wallabout Historic Walking Tour (Saturday) This two-hour tour covers the sites and history of Fort Greene Park and the Wallabout neighborhood.
It’s all influenced by video games — the mixtape title is a reference to a Hulk-like transformation state in the “Dragon Ball” manga and video-game series, and on the cover, Sicko Mobb are animated as video-game characters.
The police said the man was lying in a shop that “was in disarray,” although it was unclear if anything had been stolen.
He was replaced by his longtime vice president, Mr. Hadi , in a peaceful transfer of power orchestrated by the Persian Gulf countries and the West.
“Because Bill’s book was the impetus for the imprint, it’s also the epitome of what we want to publish.
With these changes, Apple is embracing streaming music, which has grown quickly over the last few years even as sales of downloads have dropped.
Even if Washington and Moscow cooperate to settle the Syrian civil war and battle the Islamic State, Mr. Obama has said, it would not stop the West from maintaining pressure on Russia over Ukraine.
It remained unclear whether such promises were genuine or merely meant to encourage defections.
“It was a tight match, and Exeter had a couple of opportunities they didn’t take in the first half,” Tandy recalled.
Why is it difficult to sacrifice to admit that there were maybe mistakes among actions that we took?
Mr. Saban at the same event.
To hear Mr. Pejoski describe it, he merely draws inspiration from the past and the present (ancient Greece and “A Clockwork Orange,” Wedgwood and Westwood) and scrambles them together with vertiginous abandon.
And Newton is enjoying the ride.
As hundreds of thousands of refugees have marched their way onto Europe’s agenda this year, so, too, have fears that past, present and future jihadists are among them.
California has more than 81,000 farms , and farmers claim four-fifths of all the water its citizens consume.
Mr. Trévidic placed an urgent call with the domestic intelligence services, the D.G.S.I., and asked them to trace Mr. Abaaoud’s email address.
The meal, either lunch or dinner, takes place at the beachfront El Escribà restaurant, and because Dani speaks only Spanish, the company provides a translator if needed for no additional cost.
Dawnn M. Pirani Brumfield, 37, who is the director of service and mission at the Urban Village Church in Chicago.
The Transportation Department has resisted that so far.
But flying back to Rome from his eight-day visit to Latin America, Francis admitted he had overlooked a group.
“ Truth ” (Sony Pictures Classics), about a “60 Minutes II” scandal from the viewpoint of the journalists involved, arrived to a shrug, taking in $76,646 from six screens.
Under Coach Terry Stotts, Portland is 2-9 against Memphis and was swept in four games this season.
The meta-Americana of Ms. Notaro and Mr. Dore’s travels can be amusing or it can be awkward and slightly condescending.
There are more newcomers than ever: about 1,550 new people a week by the latest reckoning, clogging the freeways and turning strip centers into international bazaars.
And after college, what did you do?
Illustrated by Paul O. Zelinsky.
The country would also be able to control its own monetary policy, by pumping more money into the economy to stimulate lending rather than relying on the European Central Bank, which until recently has done too little.
The legal age to buy alcohol in Missouri is 21.
“Tobacco use is the leading cause of preventable death in the world,” Sharon Castillo, a spokeswoman for Pfizer, said in response to questions.
Many proponents of the nuclear accord, in both countries, have suggested that a gradual improvement in relations was inevitable.
It has changed, as all things must, but after Arsenal won at Manchester United, it is fair to say that the result sent echoes to wherever soccer is played.
would have forced the bank to cut off emergency funding for Greek banks, causing them and the Greek economy to collapse.
59 East 59th Street, 212-279-4200, 59e59.org.
HUDSON Time & Space Limited “A Tale of Winter,” directed by Eric Rohmer.
As a child, Box had relatives who worked blue-collar jobs in the energy industry — “The house I grew up in didn’t have a single bookcase except mine,” he once told a website devoted to crime fiction — and in this novel he pokes some fun at journalists who reflexively condemn big oil.
End of story.” Hood was not trying to be cruel with such frankness.
397 has about 443 students in grades prekindergarten through 6, and is scheduled to expand to Grade 8 over the next two years.
Many children born in Somalia at this time did not get to go to school; they picked up guns.
Because the blacklist is information compiled by a variety of independent screening bureaus, there is no central place where you can plug in your name to see if it appears.
I can’t see it happening, for the record.
This may sound like heavy stuff, but B-movie fans will recognize it for what it is: good old-fashioned hokum.
The annual deductible, now $147, would increase to about $167 for all beneficiaries, rather than the $223 projected under current law.
They have expressed remorse, and their defenders portray the crime as youthful stupidity.
But there was work to be done.
Sweat flew from the drummer’s face as his arms moved, his head rocked and his neatly combed hair became increasingly disordered.
He implied he would deport American citizens if their parents were here illegally.
I have this cloud over my head.”
The master has river views, and is part of a suite with a bathroom and an office.
Now Mr. Sanders is the purer vintage.
I tried sending a text message.
And the political conversation is often not about free rides by corporations, but about free rides by the impoverished.
We could see the same evolutionary patterns in the virus in all of them, and it was clear that it was all derived from the same source.
The data could include medical records, laboratory test results, profiles of patients’ genes, and information about their diet, tobacco use, lifestyle and environment.
The committee, which includes several sitting athletic directors as well as figures like the former Nebraska coach Tom Osborne and Condoleezza Rice, the former secretary of state, also will establish the matchups for the Peach Bowl and the Fiesta Bowl.
Nathan Law, the federation’s current leader, was charged with incitement.
Court documents detailed a plea agreement that stipulates payments of $100,000 each to 14 victims and a sentence of at least five years.
Her cottages were long gone by then, bulldozed in 2001 by a developer with million-dollar visions .
Mr. Barksdale retired last year.
I suspect that Mr. Trump doesn’t put too much stock in his rhetoric, and that most of his followers know better, too.
He and his wife, Laetitia Garriott de Cayeux, took their young children on a trip through Southeast Asia.
The story Mr. Smith tells is fundamentally fascinating, and for the most part he tells it well.
Six Baltimore police officers were released on bail after being charged in connection with the death.
Sensitive to any notion that Mr. de Blasio had capitulated, aides on Wednesday were quick to note that a cap could still be revisited.
Doc Rivers laughed along with the joke.
Government and private analysts use this information to gauge, in real time, the mortgage market ’s health.
“The story of Shorouq” in Sur Baher is of a devout girl harassed by Jews after praying at the compound’s Al Aqsa Mosque; many people told me they watched with outrage footage that showed men tearing at her veil and long cloak, though the video has disappeared from public sites.
Up at the top, an elderly priest begins to move around the sanctuary, a bearded figure wrapped in a shawl against the morning cold.
Today we partner with local governments, civil society, inventors and the private sector.
Alex Mackin Dolan’s “Herschel’s Secret” is a cardboard man carrying a container resembling a videotape box with the title “Necronomicon” — presumably a reference to H. P. Lovecraft’s fictional magic manual — dimly visible through its plastic wrapper.
Changes could include a greater focus on transparency — including publishing the compensation earned by the president and executive committee members — as well as more stringent integrity checks, a proposal that had previously been rejected by FIFA members.
He hated the C.I.A., and he wanted to settle the score.” The trial was part Washington spectacle, part cloak and dagger.
Festival organizers announced today the horror and genre-focused collection of movies that will round out their feature lineup: 11 films that range from the weird to the terrifying.
— Chad Bray General Motors, the largest American automaker, is expected to report solid second-quarter earnings on Thursday.
(Movie Night in the Park: 212-830-7722, randallsisland.org.
Gordon W. Felt stood perfectly still, his head bowed slightly, as he listened to the frightened voices of three long-dead victims of Flight 93, their final words captured on answering machines just before the plane crashed into a reclaimed strip mine on the morning of Sept. 11, 2001.
Directors collectively took a 25 percent pay cut, and bonuses for the members of the executive board were lowered 20 percent.
Victims of choking must also know what to do: If you are unable to cough, talk or breathe, you should grasp your throat, get the attention of someone nearby, and if asked if you are choking, shake your head “yes.” The biggest mistake choking victims make is to race off to the restroom to avoid embarrassment.
The teams switched ends at the 10-minute mark of the first period as shadows from the stands began to cover the ice.
This weekend’s swoon-worthy lovers are Tiler Peck and Zachary Catazaro, who lead the cast on Friday and Saturday nights, and Lauren Lovette and Chase Finlay, who take on the roles for the Saturday and Sunday matinees.
— Adam Liptak Amid discussions with President Obama over defense and trade, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan will attend a state dinner at the White House.
: a final peremptory demand The word ultimatum has appeared in 287 New York Times articles in the past year, including on Feb. 18 in “ Greek Bureaucracy, Not Just Austerity, Is an Economic Drag” by Liz Alderman: But without many of the other economic changes that Mr. Tsipras and his finance minister, Yannis Varoufakis, say they intend but need time to make, removing austerity may not be nearly enough to restore economic stability — let alone stoke growth and create the new jobs that Greece desperately needs.
“For more than 20 years, including through significant downturns in U.S. markets, investors in UBS’s Puerto Rico municipal bonds and closed-end funds received excellent returns that frequently exceeded the returns available through investments in other bonds or bond funds,” the bank said in a statement.
Even if an employer, as in this case, did not seek an employee’s DNA to look for medical conditions, it was getting a trove of data that it arguably should not have, said Jessica L. Roberts , director of the Health Law and Policy Institute at the University of Houston Law Center.
Like all teams, they crave young, athletic players with reasonable contracts.
You say travel is the best compatibility test.
The lawyers obtained the document over the weekend; Judge Williams denied their request for a mistrial, but said they could introduce it as evidence.
In October 2013, Ms. Perez attended a Brides Across America gown giveaway at the participating Poffie Girls salon in Gastonia, N.C. “The couple’s plans changed because Zachary was deployed, and they didn’t have the money saved for a wedding,” said Beth Rogers, the office administrator at Poffie Girls.
But the ability to sound knowledgeable on foreign policy at the forum will also be important.
third-quarter growth rate and a November jobs report showing the strongest gains in years.
But he will need to perform well in the debates, on the trail, in interviews and in his dealings with donors and officials to persuade voters and party elites that he can survive a national election.
A college player so completely dominant that the N.C.A.A.
Some of the things she said, I wanted for my family.” In August, shortly after arriving in New York on business, he emailed Ms. Larson, asking her to join him for coffee or dinner.
There had been some talk of a compact before, and it would not be rare: A number of states have entered into compacts granting gambling exclusivity to a tribe in exchange for annual payments to the state.
If the only thing between your illness and its diagnosis and cure is the manipulation of evidence, then, in principle, a computer should one day be able to deliver care as well or better than a human.
They talk a lot about their time in the trenches, the years they spent as a drug dealer and “ride-or-die girl” tandem.
Bacsinszky, a child prodigy who was under oppressive pressure from her father, stepped away from tennis to study hotel management as she grew disillusioned with tennis.
“Everybody else was doing the same thing.” She says she is now so far behind on her payments, and feels so trapped by her accumulating debts, that she has contemplated suicide.
And just across the street are El Vez , a one-year-old Mexican cantina opened by the successful Stephen Starr, and Blue Smoke , a barbecue spot opened by the equally eminent Danny Meyer in 2012.
Then again, I am something of a classicist when it comes to Indian food, and not quite the target audience for Tikkaway Grill.
“When I started, the only reason people bought old cars was to restore them.” Indeed, that was the intended fate for the Superamerica Coupe, acquired in the spring by Dr. Rick Workman, a dentist from Windermere, Fla., for “slightly above” its $4 million market price.
My two favorite mystery writers are Rex Stout and Dorothy L. Sayers; both have unbelievable control over the language and are true stylists.
But many more skipped the auction, and some were blunt about where they saw opportunity in wind energy.
What are the “secret agreements” that Congress says it has not seen?
I want to play every day.” With two weeks left before the Yankees head north to start the season, Girardi said it was possible that Pirela’s spring training could be over.
Significantly, he also wrote an exhibition catalog for Cy Twombly, who can be seen as a more cultured and delicate descendant of Jackson Pollock.
The odd one out on the program was “Four Solos for Voice (93-96).” Here, all of a sudden, was full-on vocal virtuosity, explosive wit and an overabundance of text, languages, ideas and techniques.
Some are as young as their late teens, but mostly they are middle-aged and have missed traditional Islamic education because they were expelled from home as teenagers.
There’s a hierarchy on earth, it suggests, but in the face of mortality, everyone is equal.
“We have the choice,” he said in an interview.
Mr. Bush is presumably savvy enough to avoid a repeat of Mr. Huntsman's errors.
Could every inch of the blank, vertical face of the Dawn Wall be climbed with nothing more than bare hands and rubber-soled shoes?
In a news conference after the hearing, Ms. Graswald’s lawyer, Richard A. Portale, seemed baffled by the turn of events, calling the contrast between inconsistencies and an apparent confession “a really big difference.” He also said he thought the statements were coerced.
And in an effort to tap into the interest for enhanced waters, the company last month unveiled a new line of fruit flavorings like pomegranate açaí, green tea lychee and yuzo mandarin that users of its machines can add to water during the carbonation process.
Follow our Fashion Week coverage on Twitter and Instagram , and find us on Pinterest here .
So here are three: 1) What’s in steepest decline is affiliation, not religious practice.
The link between climate change and conflict has been debated for years.
But the message is clear: Being high achievers isn’t easy.
Contestants are asked to create a 10-minute video explaining a concept in the fields of mathematics, life sciences or physics.
If this sounds familiar, it’s because the F.C.C.
Here’s a look at the best games of N.F.L.
Reynolds, Naperville, Ill. To the Editor: Europe does not have a migrant crisis; our world has a refugee crisis.
He believes they are destined to be strong allies.
He will end up in Sodertalje, near Stockholm, where he goes to work on the production line of a truck factory.
The judge, John Gleeson of the Eastern District of New York, noted there were “red flags all over the employment history” of the guard, who had been the target of numerous other abuse claims brought by inmates, according to a transcript of his remarks.
The signs are her husband’s.
His fund is a so-called long-short offering.
Donald Trump, as usual, exceeds all civilized norms.
Sydney Film Festival Various venues.
Provincial council members tend to be deferential to the desires of powerful local families, who would be eager to cleanse the family honor.
“We really don’t have 218 votes to determine a bathroom break over here on our side,” said Representative Charlie Dent, a Pennsylvania Republican.
might be added to the mix.
“Being a small manufacturer, we know we can’t compete head-to-head against Asia,” Mr. Owens said.
A billboard warned visitors to stay on the boardwalk: “More than a dozen people have been scalded to death and hundreds badly burned and scarred.” There were hot springs, miniature mud volcanoes (mudpots), geysers and microbial mats whose pigmented bacteria set the earth aglow in spectacular colors: turquoise, green, orange.
While death had disarranged our respective feelings of permanence, our sense of commitment to and love for our late spouses remained intact.
“He was a once-in-a-lifetime jockey, and his superior talent superseded whatever his flaws,” said Drew Mollica, his former agent.
Republicans framed the debate around the imperative to shrink the government’s reach, balance the budget and begin to pay down a soaring federal debt — without raising taxes.
As the president’s speech was broadcast on Sunday night, Folha de S.Paulo noted , drivers honked their horns in cities across Brazil and “residents banged on pots and cursed the president while flashing their apartment lights.” The cacophony, like a real-world echo of the “mad as hell” scene from the movie “Network,” was documented in brief video clips posted online by Brazilians in at least eight cities — São Paulo , Belo Horizonte , Rio de Janeiro , Curitiba , Goiânia , Vitória , Salvador and Brasília — the journalist Fernando Rodrigues reported on his blog.
Tuesday is Election Day, with San Francisco voters eligible to decide on 11 propositions, many of which are, in one form or another, about the ripple effects created by the technology industry’s rapid growth in the city.
Full disclosure: I bought a new original year Miata back in the day and still own that 1990 model.
joined the league in 2007.
He needed to block a vote on the Senate floor to extend the vast surveillance authority the government has used since the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
Of the 136 deals that closed between Jan. 1, 2013 and Jan. 30, 2015 for $3 million or higher, 37 of them, or 27 percent, were to Chinese buyers, according to a recent search on Nassau County’s multiple listing service.
BEACON Mount Gulian Historic Site Tours of the historic home, Dutch barn and restored garden.
It’s sickening.” One such loyal fan is James Foley, the 30-year-old bartender and proprietor of J. J. Foley’s Bar & Grill on Kingston Street.
In the path of those ambitions are a host of Indian rivals, each hoping to use local knowledge to repeat the success of Chinese phone makers in China.
California’s long history of struggle, and the patient building of democratic institutions, gives us hope that we are immunized against the return of violent hatreds.
Ms. Long has pledged to her patients she will continue her practice in town.
DNA and blood samples indicated that Mr. Brown had reached into the officer’s police car, as Mr. Wilson had testified, and two shots were fired in a struggle.
“In the fight against global poverty, there are very few hugely powerful leverage points,” says Youn.
◆ There’s always a creep factor in psychological suspense novels, and it makes itself felt right at the outset of Michael Kardos’s BEFORE HE FINDS HER (Mysterious Press, $25) , a well-crafted woman-in-peril narrative with an uncommon premise and an ending you don’t see coming a mile away.
tournament teams: Butler, Georgetown, Providence, St. John’s, Villanova As long as Villanova (29-2) does not lose its first game of this tournament, it should be a No.
Directed by Maria Aitken, with a cast of four playing too many roles to count, this paradigm of bare-bones theater remains indomitably funny (1:40).
Perhaps the biggest change, deal makers say, is that corporate boards and management teams have come to realize that their ability to expand their companies on their own has become more difficult.
“It makes it harder to prosecute the bad apples when every apple is able to be nontransparent about that outside income,” Mr. Bharara said.
“But I have an 11-year-old and 6-year-old, and when I put on the Beatles or Fleetwood Mac, everything’s calmer.” Some customers followed the shop from Greenpoint, while others come in looking for something specific.
“But as a public servant, she does not have the right to pick and choose which laws she will follow or which services she will provide.”
Tina Rosenberg won a Pulitzer Prize for her book “ The Haunted Land: Facing Europe’s Ghosts After Communism .” She is a former editorial writer for The Times and the author, most recently, of “ Join the Club: How Peer Pressure Can Transform the World ” and the World War II spy story e-book “D for Deception.” She is a co-founder of the Solutions Journalism Network , which supports rigorous reporting about responses to social problems.
in connection with the crisis.
Yet, when you walk around the grounds, as I did last week, it is hard to detect much frustration among fans about the diminished American presence at the top of the rankings.
Max Gomberg, a senior climate scientist for the State Water Resources Control Board, said the results met the 25 percent savings goal set by Gov.
While some of these milestone moments add detail and shading — namely any scene involving Albert Brooks, who periodically drops by to goose the movie to life as Bennet’s boss — others are too off-the-shelf generic to be of use, including those with Bennet’s eventual wife (Gugu Mbatha-Raw).
That went over so well that by the end of the two-hour session, the left-wing media had overtaken government regulators as the greatest threat to the future of American democracy.
Each season she chooses a city as inspiration for her collection.
“Four dogs, no yard, full of boxes,” Mr. Perry said.
If the words “because I can’t afford it” are about to roll off your tongue, allow me to interject.
attacks the Common Core public-school curriculum in tweets and quips that have local politicians scrambling for a response.
At least 26 people have been killed in bombings in the past week, including from car bombs that went off in a busy market.
Virtual Field Trips Many teachers plan field trips for the final days of the school year, but if you haven’t already scheduled one, the paperwork involved might mean it’s out of the question.
BROOKLYN — The big winner here on Thursday night?
OKLAHOMA CITY REGION STANFORD 86, OKLAHOMA 76 Amber Orrange scored 24 points, and Lili Thompson added 19 as Stanford’s backcourt led the fourth-seeded Cardinal past fifth-seeded Oklahoma (21-12) in Stanford, Calif. Bonnie Samuelson scored 19 points, and Briana Roberson added 13 points to help Stanford (26-9) advance to the round of 16 for the eighth year in a row.
Islamic State attacks on them east of Aleppo have complicated their efforts to take the half of that city, Syria’s largest, that remains in government hands.
“I left the islands more because I wanted to help others in my family than for myself,” said Gloria Sousa, who moved in the 1960s with her husband to New Bedford, Mass., and found a “very hard” job in a garment factory.
The missed opportunity proved costly when Janish led off the eighth with a bloop single to right, just out of the reach of the diving second baseman Rob Refsnyder.
In the summer of 2003, Watson told McLaughlin that he thought it was time for him to move on.
The Times also chatted about the debate and provided fact checks.
Button, meanwhile, has retired from three races and failed to start a fourth.
The others feature flower shapes stacked into majestic columns.
NAME WITHHELD, NEW YORK Kenji Yoshino: I assumed when I read this that the individual was a lawyer, so I went to my friend and colleague Stephen Gillers, who’s an expert on legal ethics.
But while some immigrants’ advocates privately expressed concern about the chilling effect of the injunction, the public message on Wednesday was enthusiastic and determined.
“They do not want Hillary to be seen as a left winger and if Joe Biden wants that mantle, they’ll give it to him,” said Leslie H. Gelb, the president emeritus of the Council on Foreign Relations, who has advised Mr. Biden.
In recent months, though, as the island’s government starts to close an era of enmity with the United States, Mr. González has assumed an increasingly public profile, weighing in on substantive political issues.
The good news, on Sunday night, was that the National Front failed to win any of the 13 French regions.
And on Tuesday, the answers still seemed far-off.
“Half of the photos in the new installation will be from the ’80s, and half will be photos moving forward to the present,” Powell says, noting that the installation is meant to be “interactive,” just like the one she created at the art bar also called Beulah Land in the ‘80s (see slide 7) — visitors can add notes to the walls.
She ran away, or tried to.
As the new system evolves, though, the growers might well be given strict limits on how much groundwater they can pump, which could effectively rule out permanent crops like nuts and berries in some areas.
If you are very clever, you can earn trophies, like becoming the best in your country in a category.
Though it was stunning in its audacity, Florenzi’s goal was worth only one point for the team in the end, because the game ended in a 1-1 tie.
A pace of 96.4 possessions per team per game is much faster than players are used to — the last time there were more than 94 for a full season was 1993-94 — and the players currently missing shots from outside will probably be told to cut it out.
Kenji Ekuan, a Japanese industrial designer whose instantly recognizable soy sauce bottle — red-capped and elegantly teardrop-shaped — became one of his country’s most ubiquitous postwar exports, died here on Sunday.
During the decade after his return to Antwerp in the autumn of 1608, Rubens combined elements of Italian Renaissance and Flemish portraiture, while making original contributions to the genre.
“I thought: No one else can see this sky like I can.
Neighborly is exploring block chain technology — a kind of distributed ledger system used by the virtual currency Bitcoin — as a way to accomplish some of that.
“You show me a good loser, I’ll show you a loser.
“Well, you know, I was not directly involved in that,” Mrs. Clinton replied.
Then it was “just” a matter of trying out hundreds of combinations and black square arrangements to make it work.
That’s how we begin the show.
If convicted, Mr. Strauss-Kahn could face up to 10 years in prison and fines of more than 1.5 million euros, or $1.7 million.
“I’m sure there are schools out there with genuine altruistic desire — to climb the rankings and broaden the groups of students enrolled in their schools,” said Andrew S. Belasco, a visiting U.G.A.
STAMFORD The Palace Theater “Mark Twain Tonight!” one-man show by Hal Holbrook.
But too often, commitment to this principle appears weak – a failure to stand by one’s principles.
Arizona chased the lead the rest of the way but never caught it.
The Houthis are also believed to get financing from Iran, and concern about that led Saudi Arabia last year to cut off $4 billion in funding to the Yemeni government when the Houthis became part of it.
“We have a lot of experience in doing this,” Mr. Carter said, referring to equipping the rebels.
“Omelette,” by the way, is a misreading of “Hamlet” by Nostradamus, who tries to predict what Shakespeare’s chef d’oeuvre will be so Nick can steal the idea.
Currently, nonprofit groups provide similar shelter targeted at the street homeless with 672 beds around the city.
The Communist Party has responded with heavy-handed measures, including: martial law; forced resettlement of nomads; police stations inside monasteries; and ideological re-education campaigns in which dissenters endlessly repeat statements like ‘‘I oppose the Dalai clique’’ and ‘‘I love the Communist Party.’’ Despair has driven more than 140 people, including more than two dozen Buddhist monks and nuns, to the deeply un-Buddhist act of public suicide.
Nike had a stillborn baby and several miscarriages before delivering two children.
Angry residents staged demonstrations and attacked security offices, activists said, and by Saturday afternoon the security forces had withdrawn from the city of Sweida leaving only pro-government militias recruited locally, mostly from the minority Druse sect that predominates in the area.
“Wouldn’t that be nice?” he said.
The cause was pancreatic cancer, her ex-husband, Stuart Lubow, said.
“As they say,” Mr. Corben remarked, “Los Angeles is where you go when you want to be somebody.
At 8 p.m., Roulette, 509 Atlantic Avenue, near Third Avenue, Boerum Hill, Brooklyn, 917-267-0363, roulette.org.
Division I football is all about recruiting.
For six years, the pattern has been the same.
He had graduated 10th from the bottom of his class in high school and had dropped out of college by Thanksgiving of his freshman year.
2 Lincoln Square, Columbus Avenue at 66th Street, 212-595-9533, folkartmuseum.org.
“My aim is to get myself in and give myself the best chance.
And with the Federal Reserve poised to start raising interest rates, their toughest hurdles may be yet to come.
were to suddenly replace the local tax authorities and try to gather up the money for debt service, “people would say, ‘Go to hell.
The Toronto Blue Jays host the series-leading Kansas City Royals tonight in the American League Championship Series.
And Headley, who had not hit a home run since July 26, hit one Sunday.
“Trump has already made history by pulling out to a large lead solely on the basis of free media coverage of his campaign,” said the political consultant Roger Stone , who left the campaign in August but has remained a supporter of Mr. Trump.
I don’t have enough money for this man’s record.’’ Martin opened a Chinese magazine written entirely in Mandarin.
“Ben’s story gets you through the door, and then the experts can get to work,” Mr. Robinson said of his partnership with Dr. Stewart.
I think his hands were tied.” In addition to reading applications from players and voting on whether they would receive financial assistance, Duerson testified at 2007 congressional hearings that focused on whether the disability board was unfairly denying benefits.
I’d recommend starting with either a place or a writer you love, then work your way out in concentric circles.
“As the leader of this team, I understand how important Tristan is to this team,” James said, adding, “I’m very optimistic something will get done on both sides long term.” CHAMPS STILL TINKERING The Warriors officially announced the signing of the free-agent guard Ben Gordon.
He also worked with Ray Charles, Judy Collins, Bob Dylan, the Everly Brothers, Arlo Guthrie, John Hartford, Jerry Lee Lewis, Roger McGuinn, Willie Nelson, Gram Parsons, Linda Ronstadt, John Sebastian, Ricky Skaggs and George Strait and performed on Garrison Keillor’s “Prairie Home Companion” broadcasts.
Not all the music was agreeable, and the hike wasn’t easy at over five miles and six hours.
Who will get the medals?
“I think it is critical that everyone is coming together to address the lack of opportunities for women,” Ms. Alsop said.
“You have to challenge yourself a lot to try and beat them, and the fact that they’re a New York team,” Lundqvist said.
One side of the plaza is dominated by an enormous metal stencil-like portrait of Che Guevara that spans several stories on the side of the Ministry of the Interior building, and the other by a monumental memorial to José Martí, who was killed fighting for Cuban independence from Spain in the 19th century.
For instance, if my name were Samantha, I could apply as Sam, or if my name were Jose, I could apply as Joe, to prevent discrimination based on gender or assumed ethnicity.
OAKDALE CM Performing Arts Center “Annabelle Broom, the Unhappy Witch,” musical.
In the movie version of “ Sweet Smell of Success ,” when the scandal-mongering gossip columnist J. J. Hunsecker wanted someone roughed up, he turned to the press agent who did his dirty work, Sidney Falco.
To get there, visitors buzz into a nondescript brick-and-glass office building on 20th Street below Fourth Avenue in Brooklyn, then head up a flight of stairs and down a hallway, all the way to the back of a sleek, industrial-looking work space.
In 2013, the average per-person deductible exceeded $1,000 in most states, and exceeded $1,500, on average, in seven states.
Researchers recruited 2,259 patients who had had adenomas — benign tumors of the colon or rectum — removed during a colonoscopy.
“In the end, all religion will die out,” he added.
I didn’t really read the art magazines.
Faced with having to buy new hardware, Ms. Padgett decided to use the opportunity to replace her store’s sales system with one that can better handle her complex inventory.
And a handwritten note stapled twice to the form.
FALLS VILLAGE Music Mountain Peter Serkin and Julia Hsu, piano.
O’Connor, who was not available for comment, had been at C.A.A.
says the vaccine is more than 95 percent effective.
“As a provider, I usually encounter a very polite person who generally knows very little.
“And they do that quite a lot, you know, say something stupid.” The referendum galvanized voters on both sides of the independence debate, drawing nearly 85 percent of Scottish voters to the polls, the highest turnout in any British election in a century.
A day earlier, the school district ruled that the two students, who are attending an alternative high school and could have been barred from returning to John Jay, will be allowed back in mid-January.
(Chinen) Owl Trio (Friday) This coolly chamberlike trio — with Lage Lund on guitar, Orlando le Fleming on bass and Will Vinson on saxophones — recently released a self-titled debut album marked by deep intuition and unhurried self-possession.
“It’s easier to measure return on investment against other media types, like print or TV,” said Nick Gill, the study’s primary author.
Mr. Ganim’s 400-vote victory over the incumbent mayor, Bill Finch, sent shock waves through the state’s Democratic Party.
The U.S. defense extended its scoreless streak against a tough German attack.
We couldn’t stop them in the first half.” Explaining his last foul, Pointer said he “tried to make a play” on the ball.
Some of the richest material came from Jennings Faulk Carter, Mr. Capote’s cousin and a frequent co-conspirator during Tru and Nelle’s escapades.
Elektra Theater, 300 West 43rd Street, Clinton, 212-352-3101, 50shadesthemusical.com.
It has grown into a thicket that stretches about a quarter-mile.
The Americans lag in other offensive stats as well.
Recent debates over drones have raised similar questions.
High-yield bonds have had some of the worst returns among bonds this year — a benchmark Merrill Lynch index is down 3.7 percent for the year and a basket of higher-risk junk bonds has lost 13 percent.
For Mr. Walker, it was an unwanted struggle in a year when nearly everyone in Madison was intensely aware of the stakes given his larger aspirations.
As migrant numbers on Sunday reached nearly twice the level of the previous day, officials in Munich pleaded for more solidarity from other German states and for better federal coordination.
FAIRFIELD StageOne, Fairfield Theater Company Rich Robinson, acoustic rock.
We also honorably discharged or are about to discharge several other columns — Look , Riff and Who Made That?
Last month the younger Mr. Graham warned that our nation has “turned its back on God.” For nations that do this, he said, the “end is near.” The “tide of immorality has risen to new heights,” Mr. Graham said in 2013, with homosexuality and “all the anti-God people” being the main cause.
The central bank has cut interest rates twice since November, on top of a series of other monetary and fiscal measures announced over the past year, most recently a cut to banks’ required reserve ratios — the amount in deposits that banks must maintain, rather than lend.
“I’m sober about the fact that, you know, you try a lot of things in leadership and you don’t expect every single one of them to work.
Were there any problems that had to be solved in real time?
The meeting in Denver was arranged by two Colorado congressmen who have tried unsuccessfully to pass laws expanding banking access for the pot industry.
It contradicts the culture that Carroll has cultivated: that if some games mean more, then others mean less.
Rigged to favor the super-rich, rigged to accentuate inequality, rigged to hide huge increases in the cost of living, rigged to buy elections, rigged to put off retirement, rigged to eviscerate pensions, rigged to export jobs, rigged to sabotage equal opportunity, rigged to hurt the middle class and minorities and the poor.
A growing number of students were coming forward to criticize their universities for the handling of sexual-assault cases.
When Flores returned to the dugout at the end of the first, his teammates moved to the top step to greet him.
No one was shying away from troubling trends.
Still, transgender people continue to grapple with denials of transition-related care even where coverage exists, and the skeletal network of providers is grappling to meet the mushrooming demand for service.
“The Internet wouldn’t stop talking about it,” said Ransom Riggs, author of the best-selling novel “Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children,” who became a fan of the podcast after seeing repeated references on Twitter.
Finally, he was returned to the church, where Daniel Irwin made up a “mattress and a blanket and pillow for me” and “brought me some food and water.” That evening, he spoke to the police on the phone and left the church.
“There has to be a way to do this that makes sense for business,” he said.
“Les gusta porque les gusta el Ejército egipcio, lo ven como una fuerza estabilizadora”, señaló Jalid al Dajil, un profesor de ciencia política y analista político en Riad.
“I lost one,” the general said.
Damian Lillard scored 26 points for the Trail Blazers, who lost their seventh straight road game after giving up an 11-point lead in the last two minutes of regulation.
It’s the pre -Gingrich Republican Party that undergirds charges of increasing Republican extremism.
The intention was to create a solitary, psychological sound.
Theatermakers will overrun downtown Manhattan during the 19th incarnation of this annual festival, with 200 shows competing for ticket buyers’ attention.
But Newcastle said it had found a workaround to air a commercial during the game: Buy time on NBC’s local affiliates.
We used to laugh so much about that.
To date it’s sold about 950,000 copies, his first platinum album after two gold ones.
Although any Irish imports might represent only a tiny fraction of American meat sales, Ireland might be likely to find a market among buyers seeking beef raised in pastures and free from artificial growth hormones.
One of the school’s computer science teachers, Ben Samuels-Kalow, is certified to teach in social studies, but when he was doing his teaching residency at the school in the 2012-13 school year, the principal, Ramon Gonzalez, noticed that he was computer savvy and asked if he would participate in a pilot program aimed at training teachers in teaching computer science.
April 29 A chicken broiler breeding farm in Kossuth County, Iowa, initially tests positive for H5 bird flu, believed to be the first case at a broiler breeding farm.
Even with the decrease in new cases, one in eight American adults still lives with the burden of diabetes, which remains one of the country’s most difficult, deadly and costly diseases.
The glove he wore last year was the Wilson A2000 1799 SS.
He also gives thumbnail biographies of peep show inventors.
He said that this time, when he was released, things would be different.
“We have to ask ourselves why we’re putting future generations at risk unnecessarily.
Both organizations, said Allan Sperling, a trustee, were crucial to Cunningham, who died in 2009 .
This interactive simulator walks you through the scenarios.
officials with industry ties came to the agency from senior positions at the Natural Products Association.
The chef in charge will be Tim Caspare, who was chef de cuisine at Quince and Cotogna in San Francisco.
“If the Fed continues to tighten in 2017 as they now forecast, stock, bond and currency markets will come under pressure.” But instead of trying to predict the near-term future, you would be wiser to ensure that your investments are well diversified and positioned for the long term.
Communication that was once honest and life-enhancing has become perverted — after a transition — by resentment, neediness or narcissism.
They were caught by United States Border Patrol agents in Texas in 2014 and sent to different detention centers for several weeks before being reunited in Elmont, N.Y., with their father, Arturo.
He learned he had cancer a few years ago, his family said in confirming the death.
A September call-up, Gore stole three bases in his first three postseason games.
The renminbi’s newfound status as an official reserve currency will only heighten these tensions.
A single-day record of 12,400 visitors attended an open house at the museum on the day of the anniversary, May 11.
European leaders weighed the latest measures from Athens.
“Never, never, ever, ever in a million years did I ever imagine any of this,” Ms. Soloway said in a phone call.
Accordia sent them some bonds, but nowhere near enough to secure the $3.3 billion worth of obligations that they were to reinsure.
After Ben Carson was pressed about a flat-tax plan that a moderator said would create “a $2 trillion hole” and that Gov.
“This is historic, truly historic,” said Saru Jayaraman, co-director of Restaurant Opportunities Centers United and a leading activist on the issue.
(This year’s edition runs Aug. 1 to 9) A mix of performances, films and concerts, “Shakespeare at Hamlet’s Castle” has drawn some of the modern era’s most celebrated actors to play the title role.
Richards’s famous study, “Practical Criticism,” in which Richards asked Cambridge undergraduates to assess poems without telling the students who had written them.
Sometimes up to seven people began to appear at the back of the classroom to chatter and take notes on my lesson delivery.
The memory of that flavor — a rinse of sweetness, delicate and clean — is still with him.
Three-and-a-half decades after they were made, Mr. Keister’s works still hit the sweet spot for an art culture divided between faith in putatively eternal aesthetic and spiritual values and allegiance to the hodgepodge of the material world.
With a book by Susan DiLallo, a score by Danny Abosch, and lyrics by both, the musical humorously follows Nancy’s attempts to cope with a most unfancy role: that of a tree.
It has been many years since lofts in SoHo were the province of musicians, dancers and artists.
Trading was relatively subdued as investors reviewed the latest corporate earnings news.
20 South Florida in Jacksonville, Fla. Chinwe Okorie had 8 points and 11 rebounds to help the Bulldogs (13-1) win their eighth consecutive game.
Rojava, as the Kurds call it, is a place that didn’t exist until a few years ago, when civil war in Syria opened up a front for Kurdish nationalism.
The current secretary of state, John Kerry, is primarily using a government email account for official business and his messages are being preserved contemporaneously as State Department records.
When the Yankees were shut out by the Houston Astros in the American League wild-card game, the crowd at Yankee Stadium saved its most vociferous boos for one of its favorite players, Brett Gardner, the Yankees’ only homegrown starter.
Mr. Oppenheimer suggested delaying the film’s release until the perpetrators had died.
At the same time, Ms. Yellen faces growing internal pressure to start raising rates from Fed officials who are concerned about froth in financial markets and about maintaining control of inflation.
Is that the exact science at play?
• Elections in the Midwest.
Do the benefits outweigh the disadvantages?
I can throw it in my backpack at a moment’s notice.
All this was hardly a secret: In December, Transparency International ranked Greece at the bottom among European Union members in its Corruption Perceptions Index (tied for last with Bulgaria, Italy and Romania), a spot it has occupied for years.
After all that, not to mention about 60 failed attempts to repeal the act in Congress, Obamacare, for the first time, looks safe.
By Wednesday, when the style set touched down for Milan Fashion Week, 13 million tickets had been sold — one million alone to Chinese tourists.
They bought a two-bedroom co-op on Avenue I and East 17th Street for $290,000 and have since had two more children.
“As more couples marry, more people will know people who are married,” said Michael J. Klarman, a legal historian at the Harvard Law School and author of a 2012 book on earlier same-sex marriage rulings.
I loved Ray Charles, Monk and Miles.
The president would then be able to veto that resolution of disapproval.
(Scott) ‘Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2’ (PG, 1:34) You won’t find much offensive in Kevin James’s slick, innocuous revival of this franchise.
The photographs are now visible on Mr. Ibarra’s website, and he is shopping for a publisher.
“Unfortunately, it leaves people with the false impression that all mentally ill people are dangerous and that the only solution is mandatory incarceration.” Mr. Spruill, 39, was arrested minutes after the shooting and was charged with second-degree murder, first-degree manslaughter and criminal possession of a weapon.
Ralph E. Lean, a Toronto lawyer and friend of Mr. Taylor’s, said in an interview that when he and Mr. Taylor traveled the world on golf trips, it was routine for Americans to approach and thank him for his role in the crisis.
And the ruling appeared to leave smaller companies with fewer legal resources vulnerable to potential privacy violations.
But he enjoyed a distinction that would elude hundreds of other Cubs who played at Wrigley in the last seven decades.
The Russian foreign minister, Sergey V. Lavrov, had already said that Mr. Xi would be at the May 9 parade in Moscow celebrating the war’s end in Europe.
Shell has been planning to base its fleet, including a drill rig and two tugboats, at the port’s Terminal 5 for six months each year, when it is not being used in the Arctic.
Along with products from such brands as the smart cocktail ring maker Ringly and the smartband maker Nymi (among other partners), Mr. Selman’s clothes were unveiled on Monday in Las Vegas at the Money 20/20 conference.
There’s no confusing “An American in Paris” with “Gigi,” even if both movies are set in Paris in the past, star Ms. Caron and were directed by Vincente Minnelli.
“This is really easy,” Justice Antonin Scalia said on Monday morning as he announced the Supreme Court’s 8-to-1 decision in favor of a Muslim woman who was denied a job at the clothing-store chain Abercrombie & Fitch because her head scarf violated the company’s “Look Policy.” In a brisk seven pages, the court’s opinion rejected Abercrombie’s defense that it had not in fact known — although it did suspect — that Samantha Elauf, the plaintiff, wore the scarf, known as a hijab, for religious reasons.
By 1965, the first village had been built; 400 pioneers, including Mr. Simon, had moved in, and a dedication was held.
Tom Maidment, who represents the Lucas Fox agency in the Costa Brava, said there had been only “a handful” of sales of houses costing more than €6 million on the Costa Brava market over the last three years.
At first, the president seemed to lean more toward Mrs. Clinton’s view, if not entirely, as with the 2009 Afghan troop surge.
Eddy Moretti, Vice’s chief creative officer, said that virtual reality was the logical next step for Vice, which has been committed to immersive, unorthodox storytelling with reports from countries like North Korea, Ukraine and Greenland.
The cost for a healthy, single woman of the same age is higher: Her average premium is $2,411, up from $2,307.
(Johnson) ★ National Museum of African Art: ‘Conversations: African and African American Artists in Dialogue’ (through early 2016) For its 50th anniversary, this museum has brilliantly thread together work from two sources: its own holdings in African material and the Camille O. and William H. Cosby Jr. collection of African-American art.
In the planning stage, the adventure, in the abstract, was a terrific idea.
He made formidable enemies of Andre, Hakeem and Cookie in arranging the Lyon Dynasty heist for Lucious.
Despite Welty’s less distorted worldview, this apt description of O’Connor could be applied to both writers: “a Southern woman fluent in the graces of society, whose fiction portrayed a singular, searing vision.” This young author is refreshingly unafraid to hunt big game, but not even Eby, in “William Faulkner’s Liquor Cabinet,” can spear the Moby Dick of literary study in Dixie, which is the riddle of how the old man could write better drunk than just about anyone who ever lived.
For American history, I think Max Byrd is the reigning champion and Katy Smith, a former student, is a rising contender.
Mr. Bush’s plan is particularly striking because he briefly sought a career in private equity just two years ago when he helped start a firm called Britton Hill Holdings, which invested in aviation and energy.
Even if his plan gains no traction in Congress, the president is laying claim to a big idea at a time when lawmakers are planning to renegotiate the Higher Education Act that governs federal financing of college education.
He repeatedly draws more out of his teams than expected.
The regulator said the Bank of Beirut repeatedly gave misleading information about the progress of efforts to address concerns about the lender’s financial crime identification systems and controls.
To photograph various scenes, he depended more on Twitter than on local news media, which in recent years have toned down crime reporting — a result, some said, of being taken over by groups friendly to (if not controlled by) the ruling party.
“Tom was a star C.F.O.,” said Alan D. Schwartz, the executive chairman of the investment firm Guggenheim Partners, who previously ran Bear Stearns.
Twenty-three hours later, they arrived in the Dominican Republic.
Mr. Montgomery said that the woman began to feel “foggy” and lost consciousness after her friend left.
— Game 2 of the N.B.A.
The two sides remain far apart, according to trade officials and industry executives here.
A terrace with an elegant wrought-iron railing overlooked the lake.
The original recipient of my dollar stood up, fished in her pocket and gave it to him.
But anonymity may be on the way out.
If these scrapers are useful to you, I’d love to hear your thoughts.
What would you like to see here to start your day?
Their work is different from the growing field of sentiment analysis, the practice of monitoring and mining online comments for consumer feelings about a product or topic.
Zarowin said Athletic Director Terry Wansart had listed a slow work pace, poor technology skills and resistance to taking direction as factors behind his “unsatisfactory” annual performance review.
Schwab said its target-date funds were built only around a person’s age, whereas Schwab Intelligent Portfolios used several criteria, including emotional and financial capacity for risk.
One of the most anticipated new touch-screen systems is coming from Volvo, which has made safety one of its biggest selling points.
A branch of the Islamic State claimed responsibility, but there was no immediate confirming evidence, leaving open the possibility that the assertion was terrorist self-aggrandizement.
One had demonstrated escape skills.
And changes in climate are already forcing species to move into new terrains, migrations that will increase in the future.
“It’s really a voyage into another dimension.” Or as Lacadee, Roche’s beautiful, stoic collaborator, put it, “It’s called ‘What Could Happen’ — so that’s what you call it .
Representative Kevin McCarthy , the California Republican and current majority leader, is the favorite for speaker , but serious races are expected for majority leader and majority whip.
Danish ballet, as developed by the 19th-century choreographer and ballet master August Bournonville, is characterized by its breezy effortlessness, fluttering footwork and precise arm positions.
“You learn to let go, and you get these mistakes that are so beautiful that you wouldn’t change them if you could,” Ruhter says.
So I thought about using my references, which are not always so intellectual — they’re simple, like Mount Fuji or geisha culture, or dragons, or koi fish — in a very serious tailoring way, using the technique of intarsia, which is basically very intricate hand-piecing of fabric.
But if federal regulators determine that such practices are legal, the lawyers wrote, Democratic candidates up and down the ballot are prepared to adopt these tactics in the coming months, a blunt admission that the party cannot compete effectively if it forgoes campaign and fund-raising tactics already widely used by Republicans.
“Do not allow the professional race agitators to seize this moment to advance their often self-serving opinions of what is wrong in South Carolina,” said the statement, which was issued on April 9.
When it was scheduled, the May 1 fund-raiser was cast as the glorious reunion of two valiant political allies, Gov.
What is surprising about what you saw?
My own perceived disjunction between the band and the spirit of the festival vanished after about four minutes, during “Shot Down In Flames,” about the time I realized that this deeply self-knowing sound would not get any worse or any better over the course of the set: It would stay at precisely the same level.
Local companies, which were among the first to expand eastward when the Iron Curtain came down more than two decades ago, also offer support through foundations and sponsorships.
Ya no existirá nadie como nosotros cuando nos hayamos ido, ya que nadie se asemeja a nadie jamás.
The carnage here took place when Syed Rizwan Farook, an American citizen, and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, a Pakistani national who came to the United States on a fiancée visa, entered a training session and holiday party for county workers and opened fire.
Having a big, belated revelation is perhaps appropriate to a story of a willful woman whose doubts keep steering her off the road to redemption.
If the turf course is soft, as his European peers like it, his American horses will labor in the bog.
The sherries alone, many bottled by the young, treasure-hunting Equipo Navazos firm, could see you through a solid month of meals.
Still in possession of plenty of influential friends, Powell asked David LaChapelle to mix a musical soundtrack for the show and Kenny Scharf to create a signature “Cosmic Cavern” to accompany it.
LEAGUE SUSPENDS OFFICIAL The N.F.L.
Roosevelt also used the Antiquities Act to reduce out-of-control looting of prehistoric sites, mining, prospecting and land-grabbing throughout the West.
When our own family members fall ill, or when we ourselves do, we still have to work.
Kondo is giving people permission to let go of their clothes, shoes, bags, jewelry and feel really good about it.” There is apparently no shortage of clotheshorses in New York seeking permission to purge their overstuffed closets.
In keeping the specifics in the shadows and Julie’s inner life off the page, Jaffe leaves too many dots unconnected to complete the arc she sets up so well.
They just aren’t willing to engage Mr. Varoufakis.
Y eso fue lo que hicieron.” “Mi madre nunca tramitó mi acta de nacimiento”, agrega.
Stay out of the peripheral vision of your defender.” His terminology was — what is the word?
The company found that Lagares ranked among the top center fielders in all three categories.
Even if Mr. Biden couldn’t ultimately defeat Mrs. Clinton, he would make her path to victory much longer.
A lot of groups will demand that they take a stance against the type of corruption that’s charged here.” Phil de Picciotto, president of Octagon Worldwide, a sports marketing company, said that sponsors were cautious when asked to respond immediately to issues like the FIFA indictments because they have not had time to speak to their stakeholders — business partners, customers or shareholders.
Roll and Ms. Piatt are vegans, and they’re on a mission to let people know that enlisting with their tribe doesn’t have to feel like being trapped in a fragrant tent with “the dreadlocked hippie who is kicking the Hacky Sack,” as Mr.
My partner has not had the same shock-wave reaction to having a child as I have.
What Shakespeare himself thought about Hamlet is unknowable, and really it doesn’t matter; the words on the page constitute his final statement.
Several times, because of mechanics or miscommunication with would-be receivers, he over- or underthrew his man.
Fast Five • Francis informs Hannibal that he saw Will and that he found him not very handsome, but purposeful.
“They’ve influenced me, and now I’ve tweaked the way I coach,” Mr. Friedrich said.
Passivity doesn’t get you very far, either, or decency, or altruism.
But in the military, its meaning remains quite precise.
Lucille Lortel Theater, 121 Christopher Street, West Village, twusa.org.
But it was a visit from a guest speaker, the Rev.
The texts were described by Mr. Routh’s lawyer, Tim Moore, in his opening statement Wednesday.
• A fistfight between Prudie and Jud over the master’s liquor leads to Demelza having to cook.
“I can tell you 20 guys that I know that five years ago didn’t know anything about art and now they’re all over art.” Starkman was referring to people like the professional poker player Justin Smith and the Buffalo Bills linebacker Keith Rivers.
Strong fare for strong stomachs, created to assault every one of the senses, from a formidable underground company.
Several commercially successful musicals have challenged audiences with the form or content of their books, including “ A Gentleman’s Guide to Love & Murder ” (an operetta), “ Matilda the Musical ” (child neglect), “ Once ” (unrequited love) and “Next to Normal ” (mental illness and attempted suicide).
“And if it’s Johnny from next door, it opens people’s eyes that this isn’t just people on the street corners.” He added: “You see how it’s affecting homes and families.” Still, not everyone is ready to go public, least of all in an obituary, which frames a person’s legacy for all time.
(Schaefer) ★ Robyn Orlin & Compagnie Jant-Bi (through Sunday) The South African choreographer Robyn Orlin likes to be a thorn, poking audiences with her blunt take on contemporary African issues through a blend of theater, storytelling, song and dance.
I am glad that no other female athlete will have to face what I have faced, thanks to this verdict.” The panel was ruling specifically on track and field’s regulation, but the Court of Arbitration for Sport’s wide jurisdiction means its decision is likely to serve as a precedent for other sports around the world.
His natural musicianship in perfect calm.
Except for the reality of the modern political landscape.
Since the area was naturally dark, he could shut off his lights and scoot over to another part of the frame to light a different part of his composition.
Bartok’s “Bluebeard’s Castle,” first performed in 1918, is a work of such symbolism and ambiguity that almost anything goes in a production.
For the physics researcher Andrew L. Yeats, a light-bulb moment led to an important new insight.
— mean that no tradition can have the last word on the ineffable.
The H-2 program allows employers with labor shortages to bring in temporary foreign workers, but is sidestepped with little consequence by employers unable or unwilling to pay $7.25 an hour.
If the key calls back, the door unlocks.
So much about it is good — many of the characters and their reactions, the details of the hotel setting, the sense of time and place, the acute observation of social standing.
In Mr. Gray’s neighborhood, which is adjacent to a public housing development called the Gilmor Homes, people remembered him Tuesday as a likable young man who sometimes got into trouble with the law — Maryland court records show he had at least two arrests for drug-related charges since December.
There were reports of some deaths and many casualties in rebel-held regions, but officials there offered no estimates.
The correct response is still the same, however.
Nah, we’re good, Cersei says, surprising him.
Players in tournaments typically play a version of the game for computers, though.
Cha Ca La Vong, 14 Cha Ca, Hoan Kiem, Hanoi.
1 Clemson will play No.
The next time we met, I parked next to a perfectly nice office.
Over the decades, Mrs. Hirshhorn collected hundreds of works by 19th- and 20th-century European and American artists, including Willem de Kooning, Henry Moore and Man Ray, as well as art from Asia, Africa and Oceania, picking up the pace after her husband’s death in 1981.
They can use any kind of brutal methods to suppress Blacks because “they’re criminals anyway.” And what has given this image?
“Put them behind bars, prosecute them in this country and punish them,” said the politician, Yashwant Sinha.
The drug is viewed as effective and relatively safe to help jump-start diets in patients who are obese.
PEEKSKILL Paramount Hudson Valley Live at the Fillmore, an Allman Brothers Band tribute band.
No, thanks; I’ll spend my secular weekends at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, attending a New York Philharmonic concert or rereading “A Theory of Justice,” by John Rawls.
“My mother is funny and dry without knowing that she is,” he said.
One such project is the Transnordestina, a futuristic railway in northeast Brazil that was abandoned after it ran into a series of financial and bureaucratic hurdles.
(I remember that: The year of the flying pig.)
‘American Sniper’ (R, 2:14) In this film, based on the memoir by Chris Kyle, a Navy SEAL sniper who served four tours of duty in Iraq, Clint Eastwood’s direction is as blunt and effective as ever, and Bradley Cooper’s performance as Kyle is a remarkable feat of transformation.
Ms. Abramovic’s confiscation is meant to force listeners to confront their dependence and find, if only for a little while, a new sensation of focus.
Tom Byer, an American consultant, will begin training 5,000 to 6,000 physical education teachers in China on the finer points of soccer this summer.
In a public letter to Mr. Rivlin they wrote that they were “utterly shocked” by his actions.
If you’re a man who’s committed to fitness goals even in winter, and sincerely cares about looking slick while doing so, Qor, an online and catalog performance-wear company in San Francisco, has you covered.
Proposals were invited from 13 architects.
For several years, American dealers complained to Volkswagen that it was offering the wrong cars for the domestic market and that its prices were too high compared with its rivals.
Is it after three years?
And the production funds will go to Off Broadway’s Atlantic Theater Company, which will mount the play in May, with the award-winning actor Amy Morton directing.
And we’re all about enjoying exquisite words, aren’t we?
Given the inexperience and limited resources of the filmmakers, the completion of the documentary was “a holiday miracle,” said Mr. Reiner, who went on to explain how the miracle happened.
She certainly seems to have a future in espionage.
Apple, for example, has Continuity, for sharing emails, calls and text messages between your phone and your Mac.
“So I said, ‘How about 9:30, 10 o’clock?’ ” Ms. Sawler recalled.
Georgia has a new bulldog mascot who could get the official title soon.
From his days at the University of Chicago onward, he has been a pile driver for progressive causes, regardless of the prevailing winds.
Much of New Orleans remained steeped in brackish filth for weeks until the sodden city could be drained.
Farhad: Eh, sure, social media mobs sometimes go a little nuts.
Others have fumed at Mr. Cuomo over the divided Legislature’s failure to raise the minimum wage or to pass a state-level version of the Dream Act, a bill granting tuition benefits to certain undocumented immigrants, as well as the governor’s support for an education tax credit meant to expand access to private schools.
The meeting started politely but quickly hit a wall: The decision handed down by the Central Chinese government on Aug. 31 was nonnegotiable, Lam said.
But the dawns never come.
Each panel concealed a drawer.
The hand-drawn images are bizarre and disturbing.
They also argue that the push to make United States and European regulations more similar would result in American-style rules they see as too lax on environmental protection, public health and personal privacy.
The crowd, so hyped from the start, murmured.
Para mal, nos enojaremos, nos quejaremos y perderemos la paciencia cuando derramen por accidente alguna crema para postres por toda la mesa.
At the entrance of the polling station, three S.N.P.
In October 1996, she gave her son power of attorney, and he signed over a 99 percent interest in the home to himself.
I’ve been wearing a lot of Alex Mill.
Hingis, who turns 35 this month, is also in the women’s doubles final with Sania Mirza, which whom Hingis won Wimbledon in July.
In the United States, Audi helped pioneer turbos decades ago and sprinkles them throughout its lineup.
Parliament must approve at least some of the measures by Wednesday for the deal to move forward.
Harris said she was not concerned about any reserve goalkeeper needing extra time to get in sync with the United States’ defenders — “we spend so much time together as a team that it isn’t an issue” — and made clear that she was not especially interested in tracking developments in Solo’s situation.
13 Photos View Slide Show › “A sixth-round pick?
But I might wind up with the stunning finale to some saga I’d never read.
(Grenoble is, after all, just 140 miles away by air.)
There are plenty of vast divides between the Democratic and Republican candidates for president.
“How about you, Raúl?” Justin Mayo, 18, screeched from the front row of Section 309, referring to the star forward of the visiting Cosmos.
“In the absence of outside confirmation,” he wrote, “there is no easy way of distinguishing a genuine memory or inspiration, felt as such, from those that have been borrowed or suggested, between what the psychoanalyst Donald Spence calls ‘historical truth’ and ‘narrative truth.’ ” Why not say what happened?
— will propose a weak standard, and are already urging the United States to move faster with a stringent domestic standard.
Shareholders of both Endo and Salix would also have to approve the deal.
Mrs. Summer did so as part of her continuing coverage of the dispute over the Brown estate, valued at as much as $100 million.
That’s not a good solution.” “That’s not what the folks in Selma did,” he added.
But that went for nearly five times as much.
What is the probability that the last person is left with the card corresponding to his or her own present?
Although for-profit schools are prohibited from receiving more than 90 percent of their revenue from the federal government, military benefits such as the Pentagon’s tuition-assistance program and the G.I.
The tiny and tough-tasting lobster tacos, overpriced at $17, were also a miss.
A French citizen who was also originally on the list to be executed won a two-week reprieve from the State Administrative Court in Jakarta, the Indonesian capital, which will hear his challenge to a clemency rejection by President Joko Widodo.
In reality, the house looks rustic and funky.
“I think I could tone it down a little bit,” Mr. Trump said, acknowledging that sometimes he hit back too hard when criticized.
“No braggadocio, no 757s or helicopters (as much as I love them), a different Mr. Trump would be portrayed,” Mr. Davis wrote.
Mr. Paul has visited Israel in the last few years, and he has been trying to broaden his appeal for his 2016 presidential campaign.
One thing is for certain, however: Women won’t be surrendering anything without a fight.
This was sartorial diplomacy in action, so soothing it was almost soporific, which may have been the point: Aside from one all-feathers-all-over number, the clothes did not demand any work from the viewer or the wearer.
Under Arab rule the climate was for long periods (but not without exception) characterized by a general spirit of tolerance, first formulated in the seventh century, when Jews became known as dhimmi, or “protected persons.” They were free to practice their religion, but they were also required to pay a special poll tax, and they were barred from certain occupations.
That is no way to run an agency that has been the pride of America for all these years.
The jury also asked to hear the testimony of Flavia Robotti, a psychiatrist who interviewed Mr. Hernandez in jail on Rikers Island.
Brokers: Luther Hines and Andrew Paul Smith, Ideal Properties Group
The larger question, especially in this age of family disruption, is whether public schools and other institutions should do more to nurture spiritual faculties.
Halak went down to try to stop him, but Kuznetsov flipped the puck over the prone goalie.
The regulations will for the first time in decades allow United States companies to do business directly in Cuba, setting up subsidiaries or opening offices or warehouses there, and allowing Americans to have bank accounts and Cubans to maintain bank accounts outside of their country.
Manhattan prosecutors argued against a treatment program rather than prison, citing his conviction for armed robbery and his past drug crimes, but they did not raise his involvement in the 2009 shooting, because they could not prove it.
The Mets went down quietly in the 8th and are six outs from advancing to the NLCS.
In between: some of the first (and best) forays into painting by computer, and a group of canvases whose sublime abandon obliterates elaborate computer-built images.
Take China, take Thailand, take Malaysia, take Japan, take New Zealand.
He is the son and the younger brother of presidents and was a two-term governor of Florida, now the nation’s third most populous state.
But it also added the accounts of San Francisco’s mayor, the comedians David Letterman and Jimmy Kimmel, and the celebrity chef Thomas Keller — people I don’t follow but probably should.
Jennifer, an aide hired to help Emily around the house, also has her say.
I’m flat out saying it,” he told Chris Wallace of Fox News on March 1.
To the Editor: Re “ Data on Use of Force by Police Across U.S. May Prove Almost Useless ” (news article, Aug. 12): It is not surprising that police departments across the country cannot provide reliable data on the use of force by law enforcement officers.
The traditional midwives have complained that there is not enough instruction and that equipment they had been promised never appeared.
TOM KING Shaftsbury, Vt. To the Editor: It was interesting to see Donald Trump brag about his foresight in getting out of Atlantic City casinos in time.
The Eureka lab, which opened in 2013, is a nerve center and skunk works for innovation, a place to test out new treatments, new finishes and new ideas.
Inside, vinyl LPs and two-liter soda bottles hang end to end from the ceiling to create workspace dividers, a variation on ’70s-era beaded curtains.
“He’s out there to protect the people.” Helicopters hovered in the air above the Saw Mill River Parkway where police lights flickered near Wendover Road on Tuesday evening.
In our case, the first couple of years were very slow and my two partners decided to leave.
I also learned in the book that you are one of those people who trained your cat to use the toilet.
Mr. Humphrey and his wife and business partner, Yu Yingzeng, a Chinese-born American citizen, were charged with violating the rights of private citizens by obtaining private information about them while operating ChinaWhys.
Another neighbor, Feroz Ahmad, dropped out of college and last week called from Turkey to say he was on his way to Europe.
Western auction houses have tried to pull off the same trick in reverse, opening outposts in Shanghai (Christie’s) and Beijing (Sotheby’s).
Some of the subway cars we ride in were built before 1975.
Years later she and Aminta, both now with gray hair, meet again.
Germany, which had more than 200,000 asylum seekers last year — almost a third of the claims made in the European Union — wants the burden of housing and aiding asylum seekers to be more evenly distributed across the bloc.
KidEight is the eccentric of the group, a master of Photoshop and logo reappropriations, with a finely honed sense of the absurd.
The Army Public School has undergone intensive renovation.
It lends itself to a thoughtful, scholarly survey of this country, making it impossible to come away without feeling enriched.
The judgment they won was five times as great as any previous award.
The need for such a policy was underscored this month when a young former inmate who had spent nearly two years in solitary confinement at Rikers hanged himself at his family’s home.
With its help, Ms. Diaz was approved for a one-time emergency grant from the Human Resources Administration , which paid her back rent.
In the ordinary, non-immigration world of constitutional law, the Trump scheme would be blatantly unconstitutional, a clear violation of both equal protection and religious freedom (he had originally called for barring American Muslims living abroad from re-entering the country as well; he has since dropped that clearly unconstitutional notion).
To obtain death-inducing medication, a patient must have a terminal illness, with no expectation of living beyond six more months.
When I would lose in a Wimbledon final, it was generally viewed as a massive disappointment.
Health plans that ask patients to reach a deductible before insurance foots the bill have become increasingly popular among employers that offer coverage to their workers.
Dr. Kaplan and Dr. Porter of Harvard tell hospitals to go in to hospital rooms with a stopwatch and time how long each staff member spends on each procedure and with each patient.
Shell said the lower commodity prices contributed to a 30 percent decline in exploration and production earnings.
This film was Welles’s opportunity to avenge grudges, confess weaknesses, display hubris and play out his own real-life relationships, like the father-son one he’d developed with Mr. Bogdanovich, in barely fictional form.
The new triple bill of ballets at the Paris Opera — named, after its choreographic auteurs, “Christopher Wheeldon, Wayne McGregor, Pina Bausch” — demands three thoroughly unalike styles from its dancers.
“But it’s a pretty good place to be right now.”
In one scene, she is a terrifying inhuman shape, drawn in scribbly black with glowing red eyes.
Retrocedió hasta que alcanzó a Carlos, le tiró de la maleta y se alejó rápidamente.
The first two acts, much rarer, pose different problems.
Use among adults 26 to 34 almost doubled.
He delivered the eulogy at his father’s funeral, which was broadcast live, two years later.
The party has maintained that it is not connected with the violence.
Giddy Mets fans will watch their renascent team play wherever the announcers are.
Since Rick and the gang arrived at the gates of Alexandria last season, “The Walking Dead” has been obsessed with the sheltered suburbanites’ failure to face that reality.
The imperative of the new, presumably, though you can be new at 21.
In fact, they were over twice as likely to get a death sentence.
“This is an economic problem that threatens to become a problem for the political systems of these nations — and for the idea of democracy itself.” In a clear reference to China, the report notes that “apologists for anti-democratic regimes” have used the stagnation of living standards in the West as a cudgel to argue that capitalist democracies are broken.
I’m going to do it again.’ ” Steve Salem, executive director of the Cal Ripken Sr. Foundation, says, “It’s very competitive to raise money, so how do you separate yourself from some of the other organizations?
He mostly stays away from old friends from the old borough, he said, but carries business cards in the event he runs into one; he urges them to call him if they ever want to change course.
The accident occurred in southeastern Albuquerque just before noon Sunday when the driver of a rented SUV ran a red light, the police said.
And who knew that George Steel, the former director of the Miller Theater and New York City Opera, was a dab hand with the idiom?
The Spurs had previously won 17 straight against the Wizards.
Like his hotel, François is friendly and unassuming but averse to attention.
“All economic, financial and banking sanctions, implemented either by the United Nations Security Council, the United States Congress or the administration, must be lifted immediately when the deal is signed,” the ayatollah said, according to his personal website, Khamenei.ir .
Physically, the muscles and the bones of the animals atrophy from lack of use.
“I was always amazed by the way IK exploded into his tackles,” Shaw said.
Mr. Horowitz would not identify the manufacturer until further testing was performed, but he said the difference in energy consumption between regular use and during tests was significant.
Volunteers from the Red Cross and local charities distributed melons, dates, soup and pasta, while migrants poured milk and fruit juice.
FLORENCE TAGER BROOKLYN The writer is a professor emerita at CUNY’s Medgar Evers College.
So if Berkeley succeeds in its fight to warn people about cellphones, can Cambridge, Mass., and other cities be far behind?
I was determined to prove him wrong, but almost as soon as I landed I ran into a snag: Because Westwood is a part of the city not served by one of the train lines, I had to take the FlyAway bus : a service provided by Los Angeles International Airport that runs from the airport to various parts of the city.
Ms. Auden said she was aware of the complex ethical issues in approving such requests, but added: “I think each of them can be addressed if companies were to turn their mind to it, and address it as part of their business model.
Madefire adds a twist to digital comics with sound effects, music and motion, bringing the panels to life on the big screen.
Another Wisconsin regent, Tim Higgins, and faculty members began developing the resolution in May, following the lead of the University of Chicago and Purdue University in Indiana.
A victory there would give his team a spot at the 2017 Confederations Cup in Russia, an important World Cup warmup for regional champions.
Jarden, based in Miami, produces a variety of consumer goods, with more than 120 brands.
Leeland Allen, a dog walker, brought her charges — a Boston terrier, a shepherd mix and a golden retriever — through one of the entrances in the new fence.
Her rise at Fairchild is brisk.
But that was probably the most far-out high school party I can remember being in.
But this is as big as it’s gotten for me.”
That’s something we learn from “Breakthrough,” a six-part series that begins Sunday on the National Geographic Channel.
Despite all of the challenges, the faithful still make their way every Sunday to the low-slung church building, topped by a small bell, trooping down the steep set of steps into the low-ceilinged church.
The long-running court battle over the remains of the bankrupt New York City Opera took a new turn on Tuesday.
Hace décadas que este fabricante creó Porsche Design, una línea de ropa elegante y minimalista, sin ostentosas referencias a la marca.
She graduated from Princeton and received a master’s in education from Lesley University in Cambridge, Mass.
Several leading members of Congress, both Democrats and Republicans, have urged President Obama not to submit the agreement to the Security Council until Congress has first voted its approval or disapproval.
A meal for two is around $40.
The Fed is preparing new rules that would mean extra constraints for companies that use a lot of wholesale funding.
“BLOCKED,” it blares in red letters.
(The Stranger, an alternative weekly in Seattle, named it No.
last month , and after an initial trading pop its shares have fallen 8 percent, to $11.99.
The best tastes came from an exquisitely light Japanese cream puff; fun green tea and red bean mochi; and shortbread-like almond cookies.
The sign will be installed near where the open-air slave market was erected in 1711, when the municipal government decided to centralize the traffic in the slave trade.
In its opening scenes, “King Charles III” feels like an audacious stunt that can’t possibly be sustained.
It’s the right time for Aden in his life and career.
The results are nearly as bad.
But he was riding the back of this small charity for what?
Major toy companies passed on the first “Toy Story” movie, not wanting to take a risk on an untested property.
As for Iran, Mrs. Clinton walked a careful line.
And then, for just an instant, there’s tenderness.
But rather than rush to remove this troubled oven from my life, Samsung’s support center dragged out this entire process for five months.
Last July, fisheries biologists Robert Hannah and Stephen Jones of the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife and Mark Lomeli of the Pacific States Marine Fisheries Commission chartered a shrimp trawler for an unusual experiment.
Though Mr. Cenac remained with the program for one more year, he said he was alienated and miserable and “never felt comfortable” during the remainder of his time there.
But June features a long plane trip, and July, a week at the beach.
For now, only the line and bar charts made by Quartz’s own journalists, along with the native ads, will populate Atlas.
Once you let go of the idea that the future must take a certain shape lest we flunk the plan that you spent so much time on, you’ll feel more engaged in something that belongs to you.
On Orchard Street, the throttlingly loud music, the elbows-in-your-ribs seating, the chile-induced sweats and the improbably low prices (nothing cost more than $15 when I gave the restaurant two stars in 2012 ) conspired to cover the kitchen’s lapses.
“She was insubordinate.” But Justice Duane A. Hart, who was hearing the case in State Supreme Court in Queens, appeared skeptical and urged the parties to settle.
One is that the acceleration of British growth, far from vindicating austerity, came just when there was a pause in austerity, a slowdown in the pace of tightening.
Stack normally took his son home for dinner on Sundays.
Central Park West and 79th Street, 212-769-5200, amnh.org.
LOUIS FISET, Seattle To the Sports Editor: Several years ago I planned a baseball-themed bar mitzvah party.
(She has also written several books of poetry .)
Updates below | Alberto Behar , a polar researcher who combined a scientist’s deep curiosity with an engineer’s audacious inventiveness, died on Friday when the plane he was flying crashed shortly after he took off from a small airport near his longtime workplace, NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif. Behar, who also taught at Arizona State University and ran the school’s Extreme Environments Robotics and Instrumentation Laboratory , had a passion for creating autonomous craft, sensors or cameras that could probe places no human could ever go — one being down the great roaring watery drain pipes, or moulins, that pepper the Greenland ice sheet in summertime.
Rather than capitalizing on the chaos, Carson may only contribute to it.
If you are not already registered with NYTimes.com, the system will take you to a page that looks like the one above, and invite you to “log in to comment.” 3.
That man, Ali-Akbar Siadat, was hanged at Evin Prison in Tehran after he had been found guilty of passing information about the country’s military capability to Israel, including on Iran’s missile program.
Now, both Nabokov’s book and Kerouac’s were nearly 60 years old, and themselves a part of this country’s history.
I mean, that’s not the position I take, but I think he got the idea from me.
At Hatton Garden, despite their expertise and the gang’s extensive planning, not everything went according to plan.
“I’m just here to provide any role I can and the experience I have and winning and being to the finals three times,” Stoll said.
“We have a very good collective résumé,” said Scott Banister, a former PayPal board member, explaining the sustained influence of the group.
I think as you get older, you start — I don’t know how to answer that.
Judge Wood had ruled that two earlier exams, both called the Liberal Arts and Sciences Test, had not met that standard.
Most of my outdoor pleasures are still available, but it’s getting scary with the desertification of subalpine ecosystems, Sierra snowpack at a historic low, as much as 20 percent of California’s once-majestic forests at risk of dying, and freeway traffic so ubiquitous that it can be soul-destroying just getting out of town to see all this stuff.
Gardens Brooklyn Botanic Garden: ‘Patience, Paper, Pen and Brush’ (through Tuesday) This garden has served as inspiration for the illustrator Dick Rauh, a fellow of the Brooklyn Botanic Garden Florilegium Society.
Furthermore, they are no longer politically apathetic,” she said.
The police said that surveillance footage also showed Mr. Danclair leaving the hotels and that his fingerprint was found at one of the crime scenes.
One of the pressing debates about African-American literature today is: If we can’t include writers like Ashley & JaQuavis, to what extent is the foundation of our thinking about black literature faulty?
The only way to break the curse is to have sex with someone and pass it on.
The group, which had wonderful momentum, gives individuals something to rise from; the image of a single dancer ferried aloft, mournfully or heroically, emerges again and again.
“As you watch Aura meander, you might start wondering when the ‘real’ story will kick in,” Manohla Dargis wrote in The New York Times.
But that did not seem to be the drift of public opinion.
It seems to affect the body’s internal clock mechanisms and therefore its circadian rhythms, especially those related to activity.
New structures were a visceral sign of progress.
Comedy Central said Wednesday that Mr. Noah’s inaugural guest, when he takes over the show on Monday, would be Kevin Hart, the stand-up comedian and star of films like “Ride Along” and “Get Hard.” On Tuesday, “The Daily Show” will be visited by Whitney Wolfe, a creator of the social apps Bumble and Tinder ; and on Wednesday it will welcome Gov.
To understand why this is so, one does not need to look toward Fugger’s character or psyche but to how he made his money.
“I wish them luck,” he said.
“Benvenuto Cellini,” directed by Terry Gilliam.
“If children are to learn and grow, they need experiences.” Jennifer Lee, professor of sociology at the University of California, Irvine, and an author of “The Asian American Achievement Paradox,” says misunderstandings between first-generation Asian-American parents and those who have been in this country longer are common.
I can kind of feel the head of the screw in the back.” Doctors told Loewen they did not know how long it would take his elbow to recover, if it ever did.
Congressional Republicans also know that they cannot afford to be held responsible for allowing money for the Department of Homeland Security to run out because of their outrage over immigration, particularly with the nation’s nerves on edge after the terrorist attacks in France.
Charles M. Schulz first drew Charlie Brown for a weekly single-panel cartoon called “ Li’l Folks ” in 1947, in The St. Paul Pioneer Press in Minnesota, where he was born.
Her group of friends would meet us at the bathhouse, where they would all change into their one-piece skirted bathing suits while I looked on in awe.
She schedules my day for me in 15- or 30-minute segments.
Maybe we’ll never need it at all.
(JaQuavis typically handles character development.
On Friday, Blatter said FIFA could expand the current intercontinental playoffs.
Given her history of severe depression, she was monitored closely by a psychiatric nurse practitioner, who told her that she could call anytime for an immediate prescription.
“Não saímos por aí escolhendo qualquer produto genérico e colando neles as asas da Bentley”, afirma.
But a global Internet unbounded by territorial limits is pure fantasy.
At 8 p.m., St. Ignatius of Antioch Church, 552 West End Avenue, at 87th Street, Manhattan, 212-362-2727, americanclassicalorchestra.org.
The trial of President Dési Bouterse in the killings of 15 political opponents in 1982 must resume despite an amnesty law, Suriname’s high court has ruled.
A 12-gauge shotgun was in the gun rack, and an old bloodhound was in the back.
Additionally, programming such as “Shark Tank” reruns and original shows like “ The Profit ” and “ Jay Leno’s Garage ” have led to ratings growth in CNBC’s once dormant prime-time lineup.
One source suggested the restrictions affect Germany’s involvement in conducting Internet searches, but not in telephone calls.
Robert Barnett, director of the modern Tibet studies program at Columbia University, said the Chinese government had been quietly granting medical parole to ill Tibetan prisoners, including 17 over the past two years.
Executives had just finished the discussion, these people said, and decided that trimming the fat from Twitter’s rapid expansion over the last two years would be necessary.
But a deal will not come easily, as the resumption of the war with the militants of the Kurdistan Workers’ Party, or P.K.K., in recent months and a crackdown on the civilian side of the Kurdish movement, through harassment and mass arrests, have destroyed trust between the two sides.
Stone Jr., a long-serving adviser.
He broke back in the next game, and they are on serve, 2-2.
“I promise you tonight as your president I will govern based on principle, not poll numbers,” Mr. Sanders added.
There are few organizations that can make a mountain out of a molehill like the N.C.A.A.
His caustic utterances have been too inviting for the news media not to flash them instantly across the nation in these early days of uncertainty and fickle audience involvement in next year’s presidential election.
The base in Omsk is the Russian military’s main training center for airborne forces, which include some of the country’s most elite fighting units.
There’s people saying, oh, it’s so pat, and it’s rom-com-y, or whatever it is.
William W. Scranton of Pennsylvania had been saying.
For today’s show at the Palais de Tokyo, Grognard balanced out the glitz with barely there makeup, evening out models’ skin tones, filling in brows and covering up any redness in their lips and cheeks.
More and more analysts now see the problems in China and other markets as a real threat to the United States economy.
A prosecutorial mea culpa might seem odd in any other case.
I haven’t missed a gathering since.’’ Just then two slender men in their early 20s, clothed in little but body paint, walked past us.
What has shifted notably are attitudes on gun control.
Two members of the Canadian women’s team supplement their modest soccer incomes by operating a food truck .
Dr. Ulugbek Azimov, professor of mechanical engineering at Northumbria University in Newcastle-upon-Tyne, England, added that the biggest advantage to moving onshore aquaculture to offshore oil rigs is that it would cut down on diseases and the accumulation of waste, which is a huge issue in onshore fish farming.
1 and becoming the first United States-born player not named Tiger Woods to hold the title since 1999, said his prestigious victory in Bedminster emboldened him to articulate a dream bigger than his native state, Texas.
The bill “contains much more good news than bad news for REITs and the real estate industry,” Mr. Glazer said.
Beginning with the original “Tonight” show, which he hosted, Mr. Allen was the host of several shows in the 1950s and ’60s, and she appeared on all of them.
Only that, General Manager Sandy Alderson has pretty strongly indicated, will put some oomph in their pretty modest payroll.
“Avoiding the hits high,” Rodgers said, “but it also brings in the hits at knee level, which I think are dangerous as well.” A common complaint among defensive players is that however hard they try to avoid helmet-to-helmet contact, they find it almost impossible to account for a last-second movement by a receiver that results in such a hit.
The Islamabad meeting, brokered by Pakistani officials after months of intense effort by President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan to get them more centrally involved in the peace process, was the most promising contact between the two warring sides in years.
For example, M&T Bank Corporation, based in Buffalo, in which Mr. Buffett owns a large stake, focuses almost exclusively on traditional banking services in the Northeast United States, and last year it had a profit margin of close to 25 percent.
The veteran stars who have appeared there include Barbara Cook, Marilyn Maye and Ben Vereen.
Art thrives on imitation; absolutely new things, such as Kandinsky’s “First Abstract Watercolor,” are rare, and they do not always establish a convention.
Until Thursday’s regulations, the rules for the use of that information and the duration it could be kept had not been detailed and varied across the department’s offices and agencies.
More women were becoming surgeons when she trained, but the field was still something of a male bastion and, her husband said, it took grit for a woman to break in.
Rarely have I felt so badly for strings.
This is his great appeal and can be a great frustration.
Instead, the third-base coach, Clete Boyer walked over.
But they rarely have any real chance to win the nomination.
“It’s the mecca of the game in New York,” Wilkens said.
She didn’t belt or improvise broadly.
The surviving wildlife in Britain lived then as now cheek-by-jowl with the human population and the winners have adapted to make their way in manhandled landscapes.
Back on Track, run by Yury Baumblit, put Mr. Daley in one of six neighboring houses on New Lots Avenue in East New York, just off the last stop on the No.
People who make their living on these waters are known as baymen, and it’s a dwindling profession.
Matthew Wittmann thinks Amelia Earhart might be a good contender.
The countries have traded artillery fire in recent days, and China urged the sides to step back from any escalation.
We tell you which high-quality but cheaper smartphones to consider and which apps can provide some calm , mindfulness and positive thinking.
In interviews, Mr. Valle described how he hid behind online identities and communicated with others about abducting and killing women, while contending that it was all fantasy.
He is not sure where his level is, though he says he has won “a lot of practice matches.” Fish was in some minds the most gifted player among a reputable generation of American men that included Roddick, James Blake, Robby Ginepri and Taylor Dent.
Mr. Kerry’s trip has been an experiment in both power-balancing and sleep deprivation.
He was awarded a MacArthur Foundation grant in 2007.
It is equally astounding to Steven D. Sladkus, a real estate lawyer.
— WTA Reactions (@WTAreactions) September 5, 2015 The last match of the day is off to a rousing start on Arthur Ashe.
In the last two or three months, Mr. Abdulazeez had begun showing up rather regularly at Friday Prayer at the Islamic Society of Greater Chattanooga, a large mosque and cultural center, said Dr. Azhar S. Sheikh, a founding member of the center’s board.
Once in a while his energy seemed to flag, and details went astray.
■ Top-ranked Lydia Ko won the New Zealand Women’s Open in Christchurch for her second straight victory.
On Wednesday, Robert Wolf, a spokesman for the Westchester County district attorney’s office, said there was “nothing new on this one.” With acts of terrorism unfolding in cities like Paris and San Bernardino, Calif., in the month since Mrs. Colley was killed, residents nonetheless return to the fearsome attack in their own backyard.
Actually, it has announced that its first plan is to restructure its outstanding bond debt with an exchange offer .
Under Ms. Wintour’s reign, the gala has raised more than $145 million for the Costume Institute (the party funds its operating budget in its entirety), with attendees willing to pay $25,000 for an individual ticket or commit to a minimum $175,000 for a table of 10.
His father is the senior vice president for manufacturing and product technology at Tabula, a company in Santa Clara, Calif., that develops computer chips used in communication technology.
Instead, discrimination harmed individuals and entire neighborhoods.
But they had to prove only that he took investors’ money through “deceit, falsehood or other fraudulent means.” The more intriguing, if legally irrelevant, question — what Galbraith actually thought he’d been doing — never became any less mystifying.
It should be said that El Bulli itself was not a moneymaker.
Barriers had fallen, the basketball world was expanding and even Gaines Jr.’s career grew from the foundation built by his father.
Some are in the Boston area, Philadelphia.
Many studies have shown that its housing for families is disproportionately sited in high-poverty neighborhoods with terrible schools, unhealthy and unsafe environments, and inadequate private as well as public facilities.
Feb. 8 at 3 p.m. $5 and $15.
Steven R. Koenig, an analyst at Wedbush Securities, told Bloomberg News that given that Salesforce is not “under duress,” only “a motivated buyer” would be willing to pay a premium for the company.
So it isn’t surprising that “random” came to seem like an appropriate way to describe the new, fantastically scattered world in which the encyclopedia, the telephone book, the small ads and the apocrypha had all merged, jettisoning the alphabet along the way.
When the plane plowed into craggy mountains northwest of Nice, it was traveling with enough speed that it was all but pulverized, killing the 144 passengers and crew of six and leaving few clues.
— The New York Herald, European Edition, November 5, 1915
But the government has not ruled out invoking such a clause for using the business records provision — as well as the other two powers that are expiring — to gather specific records for more routine investigations.
“The barriers to entry are not truly regulatory, they are financial and they are network,” said Sabrina Corlette, the director of the Georgetown University Health Policy Institute.
GLASSBORO Rowan University Art Gallery “Chromography: Writing in Color,” Melinda Steffy and Gerard Brown.
I knew it was dreamy.
If not, fly into Florence to visit Tuscany and fly into Brindisi or Bari for Puglia.
No doubt those numbers have increased vastly since then.
If the Nets, based solely on their season record, are roughly mediocre, they are the hottest, most dangerous example of mediocrity in the N.B.A.
THE WALL STREET JOURNAL Bidders Seen for Stake in Postal Savings Bank of China | UBS, BNP Paribas and Temasek of Singapore are said to be among the preliminary bidders seeking to buy 10 percent of Postal Savings Bank of China ahead of an expected initial public offering next year that could raise $25 billion.
Amid the sudden growth and its attendant pressures, the founders have defined their roles with formal job titles: Mr. Lehman is chief executive; Mr. Zechory is president.
benediction on Monday, but the government did not communicate its intentions well at the time, leading to the widespread view that China was simply trying to cheapen its currency to improve the competitiveness of its exports.
“We have not been able to extract any details regarding a motive at this point,” Sheriff Hickman said.
BRONX Bronx Academy of Arts and Dance The Boogie Down Dance Series.
Por otro lado, la reserva no tiene por qué proteger a los inversionistas de los riesgos de una recesión.
Cold intolerance is a frequent complaint among those who have lost a considerable amount of weight.
“We are not Denmark — I love Denmark — we are the United States of America,” Mrs. Clinton said.
Four of these stories have appeared in volumes of “The Best American Short Stories.” In her stories, Ms. Makkai frequently goes to the well for similar characters and themes.
He fired the Drifters en masse and replaced them with Mr. King and three of his fellow singers.
For the Should Have Been Nominated category, the Times’s critics were allowed to expand the potential nominees to Off Broadway productions, which are ineligible for the Tonys.
Repainting won by a vote to 861 to 150, according to news reports at the time.
He was charged alongside his longtime friend and political benefactor, Salomon E. Melgen , a wealthy Florida eye surgeon.
The Royals won in Manager Ned Yost’s first regular-season game back in Milwaukee since the Brewers fired him in 2008.
On Monday, though, some candidates’ best plans were upended by an opponent that could outpace even Donald J. Trump in bluster: the weather.
We wanted to be near Danny’s restaurants and the good parks like Union Square and Washington Square.” The apartment’s price came down; so did all of its embellishments, among them the huge pieces of granite jutting out from the walls and the deliberately lopsided kitchen cupboards.
They sent a lovely bouquet of flowers and a get-well card to his hospital room.
There was no immediate response to the letter, but finance ministers of the eurozone countries will hold a teleconference on Wednesday at 5:30 p.m. (11:30 a.m.
In a situation like the one that the original advice seeker described, a candidate may be able to work out a more specific arrangement in advance.
The Samsung patriarch, Lee Kun-hee, 73, has been ailing since May 2014, when he was hospitalized after a heart attack.
From his first shot, an overhead view of workers cleaning a confetti-strewn banquet hall, the director Paolo Virzì announces that the party is most definitely over.
Roseanne De Vere Hunt, associate director at the real estate agency Sherry FitzGerald, said: “You won’t get a Glin every year.
Do they really want you to be a lawyer?” he wondered.
He draws people as individuals, not groups.
If this setup was atypical, Mr. Morris and his troupe are quite familiar to Tanglewood audiences.
On this matter, the mayor and Mr. Cuomo agree.
“I have spoken to a couple of them and they have discussed these issues with him, so he is not unaware of them.
A Justice Department spokeswoman said it was not clear how many states are affected.
In 2012, Ms. Corlette and co-authors completed a study of a number of states that passed laws to allow out-of-state insurance sales.
Ravens (4-7) at Dolphins (4-7) 1 p.m. Line: Dolphins by 4 N.F.L.
She also came to a realization, perhaps long overdue, that her romantic notion of the movie industry — built around stars and stories — no longer fit with new realities.
The preschool initiative would be paid for by increasing tobacco taxes.
$8 to $10; children under 12, free.
Mr. Cuomo is planning his own response, and he said on Monday that he would seek the development of statewide protocols.
As soon as the Yankees’ clubhouse opens, C. C. Sabathia is standing at his locker dutifully awaiting the usual questions, virtually all of them pointing back to one: What went wrong?
With two outs and one runner on, Murphy tripled in a run, Yoenis Cespedes singled home Murphy, and Lucas Duda doubled in Cespedes.
They have both caught touchdowns in seven games, tied for most in a season with Cris Carter and Randy Moss with the Minnesota Vikings in 1988.
Even if Mr. Romney doesn’t carry the state, he could win enough votes to deny Mr. Bush a victory there — perhaps handing the state to Rand Paul.
Brazil had already withdrawn its ambassador over the execution of a Brazilian citizen in the first batch of executions in January.
Dow Jones Indices, said in an interview last week, the evidence certainly didn’t bolster the case for investing with active fund managers.
Then there’s the money quote of the episode, from Patti “She’s ba-ack” Levin, whose spirit is again following Kevin Garvey in a way that parallels the cricket sounds dogging John Murphy from next door.
But ISIS, in particular, thrives on propaganda, seeking to attract new devotees with the promise of brutal and immediate religious war.
At the Satus, I am known as “Bature” (“white man” in Hausa) to the staff because I am the only white person they generally see.
The Greek finance minister said outside the central bank headquarters afterward that he and Mr. Draghi had held “a very fruitful discussion” and “established an excellent line of communication.” Mr. Varoufakis said he had told Mr. Draghi of “our government’s utter and unwavering determination that it can’t possibly be business as usual in Greece.” The finance minister also said Greece would demand changes in the bailout program, which has been “fueling a debt deflationary crisis in our nation, thus causing a major humanitarian crisis.” Still, he said the meeting “gives me a great encouragement for the future.” A person with knowledge of the discussion, who spoke only on the condition of anonymity because the meeting was confidential, said that Mr. Draghi had explained the rules that the central bank must operate under and urged the new government to engage “constructively and speedily” with the eurozone group of finance ministers “to ensure continued financial stability.” The Greek leaders face an enormous challenge to persuade the rest of Europe to back away from the budgetary rigor that Germany, the biggest contributor to the bailout, insists upon.
That credit could translate into a somewhat smaller penalty than if G.M.
We should apply the same guidance that the stylebook offers for “canine”: canine .
expects the number of viewers for “I Am Cait” to increase after people watch it in the next few days through DVR or video on demand.
As the saying goes: If in doubt, throw it out.
Two women were rehearsing intently in the Experimental Theater above them.
(For example, “I had a sex dream about an autistic kid last night,” from 2012, was unearthed by BuzzFeed in the article “16 Tweets Justine Sacco Regrets.”) A New York Post photographer had been following her to the gym.
It took me about five years to get a journalist visa to get into Angola, and after my reporting I doubt I’ll get another visa as long as the current regime remains in power.
Boyd does seem more upset that she might have slept with Raylan than by the fact she may have informed on him.
Even though the Lightning could not convert the 5-on-3, Bishop bailed them out, keeping Tampa in the game by staying in it.
Opting for a minimal set (by Mark Marcante) and few props, Mr. Yassur stages much of the play with straightforward simplicity, allowing the acting to speak for itself.
She also pushed through a budget that included a $25 million I-195 fund, which can be used to provide gap financing for worthy projects, and a Rebuild Rhode Island Tax Credit, among other incentives.
He has continued to organize readings, but they are now held in other places.
While the paintings might pale a little compared to other masters of geometric abstraction, they show painting and graphic design on an interesting continuum.
In March, Sepp Blatter, the president of the soccer federation, called the situation “intolerable” and complained that Mr. Rouhani had not done enough to change it.
After punching a teacher, Kale is sentenced to house arrest and spends his time watching television and playing video games until his mom (Carrie-Anne Moss) pulls the plug on his electronics.
STEVEN M. CLAYTON Ocean, N.J. To the Editor: Millions of Americans tuned in on Sunday night to hear our president outline what he plans to do to combat Islamic terrorism now that it has again arrived on our shores.
“They’re all huge.” When area hospitals merged, they also promised greater efficiencies, he noted, but “I don’t see medical costs going down.” Other brokers are also watching the developments closely.
This month, public school teachers from the state of São Paulo announced the end of their three-month-long strike — without any of their demands having been met.
Valeant also revealed in a regulatory filing that its Bausch & Lomb eye care business received a subpoena in September regarding payments and agreements with medical professionals for surgical products.
And highlighting the difficulties the authorities face as they confront the terrorist threat, Le Canard Enchaîné, a French weekly, reported that just eight days before the attacks began, the police had allowed Mr. Coulibaly to leave without serious questioning after a routine traffic stop.
“The good news is that, unlike in the past, we actually have a handle on where these cooling towers are, and they’ve gotten the kind of cleaning they need,” Mayor Bill de Blasio said in a radio interview on Thursday on the John Gambling Show on WNYM-AM (970).
“I said to Lermontov, ‘You wanted to go to Scotland, so help me!’ ” Soon someone did.
He created the N.C.A.A.’s enforcement division, along with a culture that enforced its myriad rules (many of them absurdly petty) with a Javert-like zealotry.
Feb. 13 at 7 p.m. $10.
Issues raised by his prosecution reflect the broader matter of how much latitude government agents should be given in the name of keeping America safe.
“Customers still have a reason to shop around,” said Eric Helms, the senior manager for pricing strategy for Johnson & Johnson Vision Care.
• For a global look at what’s happening, see Your Thursday Briefing .
“When your son asks you if you’re ever coming home, it’s a pretty profound moment,” he said, using one of Mr. de Blasio’s favorite adjectives.
( Photoville runs Sept. 10-20. )
The decision by the committee, known as the Los Angeles Board of Police Commissioners, was initially met with confusion, as angry observers yelled “murderers, murderers” at the commissioners.
76ERS 103, TIMBERWOLVES 94 Michael Carter-Williams had 17 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists to lift Philadelphia past visiting Minnesota in a matchup between two of the league’s worst teams.
But he also delivers Jack’s remembrance of a failed romance with soft wistfulness that makes it among the evening’s most affecting passages.
Jacob Burns Film Center, 364 Manville Road.
It not only drops ads into a user’s web browser sessions, it hijacks a secure browsing session and scoops up data as users enter it into secure websites.
What issue was the Supreme Court deciding this term related to the Affordable Care Act, and what did the court decide?
(One year, the gang set its draft order based on who could get through airport security screening first.)
Patrons of the fast-growing car service Uber frequently cite its ban on tips as one of the attractions, even if prices are higher than for taxi fares.
“But during the siege we were at our best as citizens.” Sarajevo will first enchant you with its physical beauty, but it is the people who will make you fall in love with it.
Hillary Clinton was officially nominated on July 26 at the Democratic Convention.
Weekdays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., and by appointment.
“No one in front of me is saying we would ever be here, so how are we trending down?” The reporter responded that the team had experienced a string of poor results.
In addition to the weapons and terrorism-related accusations, Mr. El Bali was charged “with armed rebellion, in group, with premeditation,” the statement by the prosecutor’s office said.
“Many European politicians are open to listening to that type of proposal.” Over the last five years, print circulation for Europe’s newspaper industry has fallen a combined 21.3 percent, compared with 8.5 percent in the United States, according to the World Association of Newspapers and News Publishers, a trade body.
“We talked talked talked talked talked talked,” Ms. Ryan recalled.
Before 2011, when Illinois abolished capital punishment, prosecutors could have sought the death penalty.
Mr. Abdullah resigned, and Mr. Najib took over as prime minister.
They take money from their limited partners (universities, pension funds) and give it to entrepreneurs, who are, they say, the real stars.
“We must resist and reject judicial tyranny, not retreat.” Mr. Huckabee, a former pastor who is popular with evangelical Christians, called the ruling an “irrational, unconstitutional” rejection of people in more than 30 states.
In 2001, only two high-school girls ran the 1,600 meters in under 4:50, and only one ran faster than 4:45.
“It turned the worst year for me individually because of the injury into the best time I’ve ever had on the baseball field,” he said.
That is when those heading from the ocean to the river to spawn will avoid stronger currents and come closer to shore by hitching a ride on a wave.
On a stroll through the Times Square of today, a visitor can slurp a bowl of gumbo at Bubba Gump Shrimp Company, buy a tube of mascara at Sephora and snap a selfie with a fleet of Elmos.
These responses, combined with new financial services from tech companies like Alphabet’s Google and Apple, could prove the undoing of banking-focused start-ups that might not have the deep pockets to keep pace with the traditional banking industry and new offerings from Silicon Valley’s elite.
It was a humbling end for Luck and the Colts, who won 11 games in the regular season and two more in the playoffs but lost 45-7 .
Where the menu lost us, though, was with its specialty rolls.
The researchers tested their oxygen consumption to see if increased warmth or acidity interfered with their physiology.
A musicologist, he traveled to Mali hoping to record the haunting desert blues he loved.
Then I turn around: the tram, the cutout ads for pralines and truffles along its top and behind them, the rows of windows set into the pale-colored stone of what is probably a bank’s building.
Fish laughed and adjusted his expectations: “No, I would like to not embarrass myself.”
I get energized by them.” Such is Mr. Shankman’s compulsion to socialize that he once started a website called AirTroductions to help airplane passengers find other people to sit and chat with during flights.
He was held incommunicado for months and kept in solitary confinement, and he has said that he has been tortured.
Mrs. Clinton turned down financial help from some other prominent names, however.
He may be the world’s foremost Catholic, but to his fans, Pope Francis is more the Rev.
So I thought that looking specifically at the end of Vietnam and what happened, there could be some lessons we could learn as a country about the art of getting out of a war that we haven’t clearly won.
But this year, after the Ebola outbreak decimated her family, there were no plots for Ms. Fallah to tidy.
And not only was he killed, but he was killed in a most dishonorable way: shot in the back as he fled.
The structure of the PACs was unorthodox, by Mr. Rubio’s own admission.
“It’s a lot about observation and making observations that resonate with people and trying to learn about why people do the things they do.
‘‘Now my kids are really good at brushing.’’
Mr. Obama has dismissed critics of his trade agenda like Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, saying their concerns are misplaced and hypothetical.
On Thursday, the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index fell 18.60 points, or 0.9 percent, to close at 1,992.67.
They see the détente between Washington and Havana as “very good news, because it shows change is underway in Cuba,” said Jordi Cabarrocas, the director of the 1898 Company, an investment fund that represents some Spaniards whose property was seized.
Among the largest 35 metropolitan areas, the highest levels of negative equity were in Las Vegas (25 percent), Chicago (22 percent) and Atlanta (21 percent).
For instance, is a figure like Richard Dawkins still influenced by Christianity?
Of course, when it comes to offbeat, Mrs. Clinton is just keeping up.
The first volume, “The American People, Volume 1: Search for My Heart,” weighing in at 775 pages, comes out Tuesday from Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
“He beat me more than I beat him.” On Monday, some 24 hours before the start of the Knicks’ training camp at West Point, Anthony and Porzingis were among the players who appeared on a dais here as part of the annual preamble known as preseason media day.
In an interview with the BBC, Dr. Sancar said: “I do not speak Kurdish.
In the last few months, the Chinese government has blocked sales and disabled the protocols of VPNs.
Asked if the black Harley riding gloves were freshly bought, he turned them over to show holes in both palms.
All of them turn, run to the front as if to catch another view — and the music begins.
It was the second-largest I.P.O.
“Once my son was born and he had his problems, I couldn’t do it because I had to be home with him so he could receive the services he needed,” Ms. Coke said.
In an era of clichéd pregame shows and in the city that is home to Cirque du Soleil, the Canadiens value originality above all.
“It’s so good, it’s possibly illegal,” Mr. Gilchrest said.
The original is set in Los Angeles, but not a Hollywood version: This is a workaday Los Angeles, with car racing on streets and highways that Angelenos would recognize.
But when Goodell upheld the suspension, he based his decision not only on the evidence in the Wells report but also on what he perceived to be Brady’s unwillingness to cooperate with Wells’s investigation.
Since then, the firm has struggled to find an acceptable deal.
Sure, it can melt plastic, comes with a list of warnings to rival those in prescription drug commercials, and ate my nail polish off in a matter of minutes, but when it’s me versus mosquitoes in a winner-take-all-my-blood feeding frenzy, I use what works.
He’s playing well enough to have a shot.” That does not mean he is the favorite.
Number to watch: 3 That is how many sacks the Giants have in three games.
Xander Bogaerts homered in the top of the 10th off Brad Brach before Brian Matusz finished.
BLUE JAYS 5, BRAVES 0 Marco Estrada combined with Roberto Osuna to pitch a three-hitter; Cliff Pennington, Edwin Encarnacion and Josh Donaldson hit home runs; and Toronto won at Atlanta to extend its lead in the A.L.
Wiley coaches these home visitors to put a supportive arm around the mom, letting her hold the baby while the staff member says: “When I’m not here, I want you to remember that I’m with you.
The White House has been weighing whether to mandate that companies use only forms of encryption that provide law enforcement with the means for unscrambled access — a so-called back door.
Posing as a director planning a production of “Hamlet,” in which he plans to star, he calls her up and cajoles her into auditioning for Gertrude.
“I feel like it is not the time for being too aggressive with clothing or the body,” the designer said before the shows began.
Traditionally, a law was “content based” if officials had to inspect the message to determine how to regulate it.
But until this week, none had ever taken us inside the concertina wire fences of a federal prison.
“That’s not how America works.”
The price of a pineapple has tripled.
His shoulders creak and his knees could be stronger, but physically he can still do much as he pleases.
“Ain’t you going to ask me about the weekend?” Sadly, no.
Mr. Avery once again maintained his innocence, claiming that he was framed by officers angry at the public humiliation they’d endured after his exoneration and the potential financial repercussions they faced because of his lawsuit.
The air was temperate and the sky a shifting canvas of bruised jewel tones.
The Des Moines Register says she is hearing an “eagerness for talk” of a female presidency; and Gail Sheehy , writing in Politico , said that by embracing her “60s surge,” Mrs. Clinton “finally appears to be beyond carefully constructing her identities or letting her advisers to design the persona she presents.” And the move by Fox News to limit its Republican debate to 10 candidates has been criticized, not surprisingly, by those most at risk of falling outside the chosen.
The planned deal, which is being negotiated by trade officials in Washington and Brussels, has attracted strong criticism from some lawmakers who are concerned that it would diminish the ability of European Union member states to make rules protecting food quality, the environment and labor rights.
But the coalition that did not realize that the Iraqi troops had moved forward when a third strike occurred.
“Southwestern ingredients are limited,” Sedlar says, “but there’s a variety and dimension to them.” Though Sedlar cooks with pinto beans from Estancia and Espanola, just an hour’s drive away from Santa Fe, he says their individual flavor profiles are far from flat or similar.
In 2001, when Daniel Wildenstein lapsed into a coma here just days before his death at 84 , French authorities say, his two sons and a team of financial advisers began quickly reshuffling the holdings of this wealthy patriarch who had led one of the greatest art dealing-dynasties of the 20th century.
It was so ethereal.” A dash through the cemetery to find her proved fruitless.
So be clear and careful.
But as I tried to decide which aphorisms about roses and wheat fields were most profound, and which of those would go best with the picture, I realized that my memory of Ginny was already getting muddled by my own vanity.
He graduated from Pacific Lutheran University in Tacoma, Wash.
When they were, they could retreat to their bedrooms on opposite sides of the apartment if they wanted some privacy.
Oct. 17 and 18 at 11:30 a.m. and 3:30 p.m. $12 and $18.
Wednesdays through Sundays, noon to 4 p.m. Alexey von Schlippe Gallery of Art, University of Connecticut, 1084 Shennecossett Road.
But he was emphatic that he planned to run again for the Senate.
At 7:30 and 10 p.m., with an additional 11:45 p.m. set on Friday and Saturday, Jazz Standard, 116 East 27th Street, Manhattan, 212-576-2232, jazzstandard.net.
On the day of Mr. Tan’s trial, the police raided my hotel at 3 a.m. and brutally forced me and my colleagues to remain inside until the trial was over.
“Post-Sony, getting people to cooperate with me has been a completely different experience,” Ms. Zezza said.
And in Italy, the Five Star Movement, which wants that country to leave the euro, has faded recently but remains popular among a sizable minority of the population.
“I’m extremely humbled and honored to have the opportunity to represent our country as the coach of the U.S.A. national team,” Popovich said in a statement.
He declares that the real issue is not between President Wilson and himself, but between systems of government.
Made-to-measure private label shirting begins at $250; a Ralph Lauren suit starts at $2,095.
He said he passed on information to an underground publishing group for two years before a hospitalized acquaintance accidentally gave him away.
What the vote showed is that there are limits to the sacrifices people in any country will take, and that when sacrifices are demanded, leaders must spread them equitably and transparently.
Steve was an early and frequent customer, sending free-associative lyrics as quickly as the two young men (Mr. Summers was an Emerson College student at the time) could score them.
Most of the charity’s building has been in Indonesia after the earthquakes of 2006 and 2009 .
And the Department of Homeland Security will deploy teams of agents abroad who specialize in tracking foreign fighters.
A French friend who lived in America as a child remembers cringing each time her father asked someone, “What’s ’appening?” For Mother’s Day, I thought I’d look at this issue from the other side: What’s it like for the parent who’s doing the embarrassing?
Over the past several years the United States and other Western powers have engaged in an economic, clandestine and political war against Iran to force it to give up its nuclear program.
That Macerich is now the target of an activist is no surprise and should be a cautionary tale to any company that simply refuses to entertain a hostile bid.
Paris St.-Germain’s annual budget of $555 million dwarfs Gazélec’s $15.6 million, but after goals from midfielder Blaise Matuidi and center half Thiago Silva in the first 21 minutes, it struggled to put chances away.
Dec. 26 through Jan. 30.
Hong Kong’s securities commission warned in March that 98.6 percent of the shares in Goldin Financial were in the hands of just 20 investors.
He’d been drinking for hours.
“I’m a liar,” Mr. Sisman quotes him saying.
But in the 21st century, the occasional Thursday game turned into five per year, then seven.
This weekend brings a Tango Queer season — Thursday to Sunday, at a different spot each night, with different stars giving guest performances each evening.
In 1999, she had planned to take a University of London distance-learning course on the subject, but her goal was interrupted when NATO began bombing Belgrade to halt Serbia’s actions aimed at ethnic Albanian rebels in the disputed region of Kosovo.
The road to the New Deal was paved.
WeWork’s headaches stem from a complicated dispute with a group of men and women who once cleaned WeWork locations.
Legal rights groups said it was unusual for an Israeli court to accept speech on social media as a basis for conviction.
“If I were a policy maker, I would make sure that we have a competitive environment for corporations,” he said.
But more than that, she makes American society across the spectrum look at her and imagine something different.
The women who can direct are out there.
It’s fun to do popcorn movies sometimes too, but like, obviously we’re not in this to lobotomize ourselves.
Japan is 7-2 and England 10-1.” The U.S. will take fouls and waste time all night at this point.
He could also see lights along the coast and pick out landmarks.
While not a complete assessment, costs identified by the state last year were $468 million, or 1.56 percent of assets.
If you don’t give them the money, they will throw me in the sea.’ I replied that I would try.
“Twain and Stanley Enter Paradise” absorbed Hijuelos for the last 12 years of his life.
The Greek bonds have been appraised at junk status by debt ratings agencies.
Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web.
Last Saturday, the Panthers’ defense, which has found its mojo, held Arizona to 78 total net yards of offense, setting an N.F.L.
Simmons has a voice and is a personality,” and said: “Personalities work!
The venerable watchmaker opened the museum in 2001 in a building that formerly produced watch bracelets, chains and cases.
While colleges across the country have been grappling with concerns related to students transitioning from one gender to another, Vermont is at the forefront in recognizing the next step in identity politics: the validation of a third gender.
This is at the beginning of the film.
Notably, however, high profile-cases of police brutality have recently come to be associated with the North rather than the South.
The women, who have not been publicly identified, said they had come from Nepal several months ago and that an agent in Delhi had connected them with the diplomat’s family.
“I think the secretary is right,” Mr. Sanders said.
For Higher-Order Thinking HOW should the reservation address this crisis?
Mr. Nocera also underestimates the power of truly clean energy: renewables and efficiency.
Thursday could easily have been a wild day on Wall Street.
This argument was ruled out, irrationally, as irrational, but it probably wouldn’t have mattered if the courts were willing to consider it.
This super-hip drinking jar comes with either a red lid or a blue one, if you really want to send mixed messages.
Still, the merits of Southard’s book are clear.
Stars do not usually take part in optional skates.
But at the same time, the company said its board of directors had formed a committee to examine that relationship.
Today, the great-granddaughters of that flock are part of his own.
A cease-fire deal, signed Feb. 12, calls for both sides to pull artillery and tanks out of striking distance within two weeks.
The United States and the European Union have worked for roughly two years on a new safe harbor agreement.
My guess, and it’s only a guess, is that President Obama will find some hybrid of the models his predecessors have set to stay active on issues that are important to him, such as his My Brother’s Keeper initiative.
Phil Zuckerman, a Pitzer College sociologist, makes this case as fluidly and pleasurably as anybody in his book, “Living the Secular Life.” Zuckerman argues that secular morality is built around individual reason, individual choice and individual responsibility.
Rush hour may be faster, but it also may be a lot more dense.
The British Embassy in Washington even sent an observer.
The lead lawyer for a presidential campaign is traditionally involved in an array of decisions, including negotiating the ground rules for the presidential debates, signing off on television ads and monitoring voting rights issues.
“I had a very strong start,” Djokovic added.
I could have protected the document with a password or padlocked or hidden the computer, but I didn’t care enough to inconvenience myself.
A woman held a symbolic pen during a minute of silence in front of the Notre Dame cathedral.
It is uncertain, however, how long the tax-time paper option will continue.
The building had a doorman and was near shops and restaurants.
But it’s all about the attitude.
He accepts the news stoically.
But in “Beauty Is a Wound,” Kurniawan approaches these events obliquely.
But it’s actually a positive development, because now the market is bigger.
That was one version of Future retreating into his feelings.
Sumahan on the Water (Kuleli Caddesi 43, Cengelkoy; sumahan.com), a 24-room low-rise hotel in a former Ottoman raki distillery, now with its own marble hammam (45-minute scrub, 50 euros).
You need that kind of guy when you’re in the playoffs to win close games.
(a semicircle under the basket in which defenders cannot take charges) discourage spacing on offense.
Her fiancé, separated from his kayak, struggled in the frigid and choppy waters of the Hudson River, reaching for his paddle to save his life.
But on Thursday, Mr. Draghi could only urge the skeptics to wait and see.
In 1964, he was invited by the conductor George Szell to appear with the Cleveland Orchestra in New York, but the two quarreled over which piano he would play and how to interpret a Beethoven concerto.
That doesn’t mean sending out a résumé in response to every opening.
Some of Brazil’s most powerful men are pushing her into a corner, defecting from the governing coalition and greatly reducing her ability to pass legislation, while her own vice president signals that his time to lead may be coming.
But more recently, he worked for his father and uncle at J&J Refuse, as its operations manager.
So, my father was a retailer, and at the latter part of his career, he got into the real estate business a little bit.
THE FINANCIAL TIMES Edward Bramson’s Second Attempt to Join Elektra Board | Electra, the British private equity group, is heading for another governance tussle with its major shareholder, the New York activist investor Edward Bramson.
More than just spiritual homes, they embodied their communities’ growing political aspirations.
And many of the foreigners who do come now are not tourists, but people drawn here by the very turmoil that keeps the tourists away: aid workers, diplomats, journalists, refugees.
And she made clear that she did not see the current strategy as sufficient.
The minions, first seen in “Despicable Me” and now in their own animated spinoff, seek a new supervillain to serve and find Scarlet Overkill (the voice of Sandra Bullock).
“I am for the ‘immediate, unconditional and universal’ enfranchisement of the black man in every State of the Union,” proclaimed Douglass as he took the longtime abolitionist rallying cry and substituted “enfranchisement” for “emancipation.” Over the course of the previous year, Douglass had told audiences throughout the North that black Americans “wanted to have a voice in making the laws of the country.” In his address at the Melodeon, which he later titled, “What the Black Man Wants,” Douglass dismissed Garrison’s belief that the franchise would come in the “natural course of events.” He believed that slavery would not truly be abolished until voting rights were extended, a point he had made consistently for 20 years.
Atticus, Race and Reframing “Mockingbird” Through the Lens of “Watchman” Just after “Watchman” was published, Isabel Wilkerson wrote a piece for the Sunday Review called “ Our Moment of Racial Truth ” in which she reflects on two icons — Atticus Finch and the Confederate flag — that “fell from grace” this summer: For as long as many Americans have been alive, the Confederate flag stood watch at the South Carolina capitol, and Atticus Finch, moral guardian-father-redeemer, was arguably the most beloved hero in American literature.
March 20 at 8 p.m. $25 and $50.
It crept up to 10 in the ’80s, a decade when the 49ers were a dominant team.
This is chiefly because of rising incomes from globalization in the developing world.
That leaves room for upside, but caution is appropriate.
1050 Independence Avenue SW, 202-633-1000, asia.si.edu.
Mr. Bloomberg, Mr. Smith and Mr. Micklethwait declined to comment.
Then visit the pastry counter to choose among bread pudding, carrot cake and many other house-made desserts.
A single smartphone in every room controls the temperature, turns on the television, places telephone calls and fulfills in-room dining orders.
“Until 8:30 p.m., we’ll be friends,” Serena said before their 2002 Open final.
In it, he said that people sometimes “don’t give me the value that I deserve,” but that he had learned to “ignore it and do what I can do to the best of my ability.” His publicist, Zack Teperman, said that Mr. Woolf was survived by his father, Nicholas Woolf; his mother, Marcy Luikart; his stepmother, Sarajane Woolf; his stepfather, Ralph Luikart; his sister, Kathryn Woolf; and his stepsister, Heather Luikart.
Vehicles, which are essentially turning into moving computers, could be a huge new platform for technology companies.
The Nashville Predators’ Pekka Rinne (knee) and the Red Wings’ Jimmy Howard (groin) are out.
Sarah Benson, whose intelligence is all-natural, directs.
remained the world’s largest automaker, and Mr. Kerkorian was betting that he could force it to pursue a more successful strategy.
But while a no-interest loan may sound like a no-brainer, consumers should weigh whether it is really the best deal.
The court has three main alternatives.
Although the coalition would not say who exactly was killed, Afghan and American officials and tribal elders in Helmand said that the dead included Mullah Abdul Rauf Khadim, a former Taliban commander and Guantánamo Bay detainee who recently pledged allegiance to the Islamic State, the terrorist group also known as ISIS or ISIL.
Aisin Gioro – Pu Ren, for the ages.” Mr. Jin had later adopted a Chinese name.
Originally envisioned in 1998 by two graduates of the Savannah College of Art and Design, the Starland District is a collection of art studios, small offices, galleries, cafes and retail shops loosely assembled around Bull Street south of Savannah’s historic downtown and Forsyth Park.
Back in the aughts, a new generation of YouTube celebrities and bloggers emerged, people like the pop-culture blogger Perez Hilton (he was micro back then; now he’s arguably famous) and Tila Tequila , the buxom siren who leveraged her Myspace notoriety to secure a recording contract, book deal and the MTV reality show, “A Shot of Love With Tila Tequila.” A 2008 article in New York magazine, “The Microfame Game,” cemented the phenomenon and pondered whether these “microcelebs represent naked ambition, talent justly discovered, or genius marketing.” But as social media has splintered into ever tinier subcultures, the atomization of fame has only accelerated.
An Iraqi official briefed on the military situation in Anbar, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to talk to the news media, said, “I don’t think there is a sense of urgency anymore.” “Clearly, there is no progress,” the official said.
“It was a pretty good day,” he said.
It’s almost like we’re friends.
Abdul-Karim afirmó estar sorprendido al enterarse de que el Estado Islámico había destruido un templo.
(Anniversary lineups later this season include pieces by Krzysztof Penderecki and Kaija Saariaho, other former composers in residence.)
Thank you to everyone who participated this week: B. Granat, ChrisB, Dr W, LAN, Mike O’Connor, Ravi, Ricardo Ech, Sumanth Ravipati and Tim Lewis.
Despite Colon’s performance, the Mets lost, 5-4.
We like personal, sincere storytelling.
My husband informed me that most forms and their questions are poorly formatted, redundant, and/or unnecessary, which is why I always make him do them — and also why he didn’t give this particular question a second thought.
Such plugs, kayaking instructors say, are designed to make it easy to rid the kayak of excess water by flipping it over on dry land.
If you are a consumer of contemporary poetry, it is likely that there is a word that you encounter with alarming, and possibly annoying, frequency.
Ma Cuisine (Passage Ste.-Hélène, 33-3-80-22-30-22): A lively Beaune haunt for oenophiles, with excellent local fare like escargot and pigeon.
In a well-argued essay, “Vaccination in Halakhah and in Practice in the Orthodox Community ,” published in Hakirah, The Flatbush Journal of Jewish Law and Thought, Asher Bush, a rabbi, made the implicit point that on the subject of vaccines we are in some sense regressing.
Victor Espinoza will ride and try to take down the sport’s holy grail for the third time.
And what is interesting, notes James Manyika, a director of the McKinsey Global Institute and co-author of “ No Ordinary Disruption ,” is that, contrary to expectations, “knowledge workers at the middle and the top” may be more threatened than those doing physical work.
Here, as it does so often in this film, an ordinary family room — painted a rich blue and ornamented with a gilt-framed pastoral painting — takes on an exaggerated, near-operatic quality as the parents begin a cruel performance that they have clearly given before.
In early June, Ms. Kodar is expected to attend a university-sponsored Welles symposium that will honor donors to the film archive.
Justin Abdelkader also scored, Henrik Zetterberg added two assists, and Jimmy Howard made 39 saves for Detroit.
WALL STREET JOURNAL Rival Suitor for New York Clearinghouse Raises Bid | The brokerage firm BGC Partners, led by Howard Lutnick, raised its bid to $6.10 a share for the GFI Group, seeking to block the CME Group.
Sylvain Miaillier of France finished third.
Almon’s wildflowers, weeds and vegetable plants are inspired by the abundant greenery that surrounds her country home in southwestern France and by her collection of detailed 17th- and 18th-century botanical drawings, as well as her own imaginings.
“We will be reaching out to thousands of readers through a crowdfunding appeal.” Neruda won the Nobel Prize in 1971, and died two years later at 69.
The fox trotted out of the woods as soon as I’d laid a chunk of lamb chop in Elvis’ memory on a stump in the still frozen garden.
When in manual mode, the car is operated with pedals and a steering wheel, just like a traditional car.
Or even a middle-aged guy.
His paid ads are everywhere: Rahm, shaking hands at subway stops.
Americans have been reluctant to spend more, even as hiring has been healthy and lower gas prices have left them with more money to spend.
The Times has concluded updates on the stream.
It was the first game in which Scott Skiles, the Magic coach, decided to bring Victor Oladipo off the bench.
Before his capture, Mr. Goto had detailed his travels in a series of videos posted online, including one with the English headline “Journalist Goto Heads for the Syrian Border.” According to his Twitter account, he crossed into Syria from Turkey on Oct. 2, somewhere near the besieged town of Kobani.
“We have voted a lot,” said Ibrahim Hassan, 37.
The app is free and is iOS only.
The deal is expected to result in more than 100 million euros, or about $111 million, in annual cost savings by the third year after the deal closes, Solvay said.
But, instead, right-leaning parties are doing well.
And I don’t know exactly where to find it myself.
“You couldn’t possibly get that much from any natural foods,” Dr. Tarasuk said.
As the dancers shook out their limbs, chests lifted to the sky, their efforts to be moved by the music seemed more dutifully acted than deeply felt.
His relationships, so carefully cultivated, are beginning to become burdens.
Sometimes Mr. Winchester’s breeziness also tips into flippancy, even casual callousness: In his chapter about North Korea’s 1968 capture of the U.S.S.
Recipes, including a maple and Meyer lemon whiskey sour and German potato salad with maple syrup, are worth adding to your repertoire: “Maple: 100 Sweet and Savory Recipes Featuring Pure Maple Syrup,” by Katie Webster (Quirk Books, $22.95), quirkbooks.com .
The game was unfolding just the way it must for the Yankees to be competitive this season.
The installation, in the Rubin’s skylit top-floor galleries, evokes the structure of an Indian temple with a combination of large and small spaces; it has an open central area of paintings, intimate nooks for sculpture and a “sanctum” of watercolors.
Jeremy Newberger, 41, a documentary filmmaker who witnessed such an episode on a Delta flight from New York to Israel, was among several Jewish passengers who were offended.
“Eli was very respectful of her thoughts about how to curate.” The building, on Grand Avenue, is also part of Mr. Broad’s effort to help reinvigorate downtown Los Angeles.
“The sole purpose of this message was to start a conversation, not sell insurance,” Nationwide said in a statement .
And those lawyers, who replied in a letter of their own, did not dispute the key moment: Ms. Beck had taken out her breast pump and Mr. Trump had become inflamed, telling her, “You’re disgusting.” Right away, we knew we had our lead.
(Most people in Hong Kong speak Cantonese.)
Mr. Mirman, said Teri Sforza, a columnist and reporter at The Register, is known for his financial acumen.
Close losses keep him up at night.
Which consumes the most water?
By World War II, co-ops had spread nationwide and were enjoying support from the Federal Housing Administration and, in New York, many trade unions.
And hopefully they’re going to want houses like this.” A self-proclaimed progressive and former Democratic Senate candidate in Florida, Mr. Greene is troubled by the new hollowed-out economics of housing, but also quick to profit from it.
— As the Republicans set about to counter, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida will hold a town hall-style event in New Hampshire; Jeb Bush will be in New Hampshire; and Donald J. Trump will be in Virginia.
Representatives of the mayor and the union have said the two were not connected.
The intimacy of a gallery is different than being on a floor in a big room.” The lack of a central location turned out to have advantages.
But for less distinguished hunks of meat, or when I just want to mix things up a bit, I’ll take advantage of the steak’s stint on the unlit side of the grill to throw on some crumbled blue cheese, letting it melt while the beef finishes cooking.
And even before the Super Bowl, the Seahawks were preparing for the loss of their defensive coordinator, Dan Quinn, who was officially hired as the Atlanta Falcons’ new coach only hours after the game.
Others are willing to show up without tickets.
Women who wear plus and petite sizes account for roughly a third of the United States market, Mr. Hermand-Waiche said, and that share is growing.
“I didn’t want them to grow up thinking, ‘Oh my God, I’m going to lose my mom.’ ” Ms. Perez had a double mastectomy in late 2014.
But plant closures are rare.
“From the moment we met, our relationship just went on this rocket propulsion path,” Dr. Amasha said.
It worked so well internally that Amazon began offering it to start-ups that were struggling to scale themselves.
He noted that at the time Clinton’s press coverage was almost completely dominated by three kinds of negative stories: emails, declining poll numbers, and Biden speculation.
And Mr. Obama’s national security adviser, Susan E. Rice, described Sergeant Bergdahl as having served with “honor and distinction.” But Republicans and conservative commentators attacked the deal, calling him a deserter and complaining that Congress was never properly notified and that the detainees could wind up on the battlefield.
Once you get a few of the theme answers, you pretty much know the drill and can guess the rest.
compensation to typical worker pay rose from 20 to one in 1965 to 303 to one in 2014, according to the Economic Policy Institute .
“They said, ‘What do you know about fraud?’ ” Robinson remembered.
Little is known about Jund al-Khilafah, although the group has put out messages on social media for some months threatening to start operations in Tunisia.
His outpouring came without the benefit of the 3-point line or the shot clock of today’s game.
And similarly the first time somebody painted graffiti on a subway car, in 1965, and they didn’t clean it off, it took a few years, but pretty soon all 6,000 cars were covered inside and out.” Although the commissioner had set no productivity goals for officers, he said that the numbers remained below “what we would describe as normal” and that police leaders would continue to monitor activity.
The Chinese stock market has long been a policy-driven market, its ups and downs largely prompted by new government policies.
Será un fin de semana temático que concluirá con fuegos artificiales que se lanzarán al ritmo de la banda sonora de John Williams.
In documents filed Wednesday, the lawyers asked the court for an en banc hearing — essentially an appeal that would be heard by a larger group of judges from the Ninth Circuit than the three who issued last month’s ruling.
He said the examination was conducted in late September, when the police registered the case, but was submitted only when formal charges were filed last week.
Mr. Obama started out much like the others, commuting just one sentence in his first five years in office.
Pedro Carreño, who heads the Socialist bloc in Parliament, said on Twitter, “Proof was presented,” without giving details.
Mrs. Rayhons, who died in August, was placed in the Concord Care Center in March 2014, soon after one of her daughters, Linda Dunshee, was called to pick her up at the Iowa State Capitol, where Mr. Rayhons was working.
No reason worrying about Jeb Bush cratering when you have Rick Santorum, Rick Perry, Donald Trump and George Pataki to look forward to.
“The clothing is very glamorous, very sexy.
(Mr. Jourdan was not nominated, for this or for any other movie in his career; “Gigi” did, however, earn him a Golden Globe for best actor in a comedy or musical.)
Mightn’t it seem to her like a noxious power move to go to the authorities without consulting her first?
Since the start of 2012, companies in the sector have raised nearly $1.5 billion in total, the firm estimates.
ON April 9, Armenia’s prime minister, Hovik Abrahamyan, welcomed an unusual visitor to his office.
During their three hours here, the emperor and empress braved a harsh tropical sun to pay solemn tribute at the separate memorials erected to the 10,200 Japanese soldiers and 1,600 Americans who died here.
MONTCLAIR “Stanzas of Metaphor and Meaning,” mixed media by Janet Taylor Pickett.
Those, in turn, require economic policies including continued low interest rates, more federal spending on job-creating infrastructure projects, balanced trade and programs to help those who face special hurdles to employment, including immigrants and people with prison records.
The Pentagon, along with some senior officials within the administration, is pushing to maintain as large a force in Afghanistan for as long as possible, arguing that the Afghan Army and police are still in need of American assistance.
U Yan Myo Thein, a political analyst, said that the democracy movement has strong support in cities and towns but that winning in rural areas, which make up 70 percent of the elected seats in Parliament, will be more challenging.
But the fans booed him during his final game in a wild-card loss, and he left for a five-year, $125 million contract with the Angels.
Regional parties representing members of the Madhesi ethnic group are seeking to declare the southern plains a separate province.
Last week, the Hawks nominated Budenholzer for the league’s Executive of the Year Award.
In Family Matters, the Musical’ An adaptation of three of Stan and Jan Berenstain’s children’s books (:55).
A statue of a bleeding, naked man by the artists Jake and Dinos Chapman is hanging upside down in Sheffield Cathedral for this exhibition, which is taking place at several venues.
Ms. Hinton said the nonprofit’s involvement did not contradict the mayor’s previous stances because of its mission, and because it disclosed its donors and expenses.
Chanting “Black Lives Matter” and “Justice for Freddie,” protesters marched Tuesday evening on the block where Mr. Gray was arrested.
Sergio Barroso is a Spanish-born chef with an impressive résumé; after working at El Bulli, and later with Denis Martin in Switzerland, he moved to Chile in 2012 to open a hotel restaurant in Valparaíso.
The Buckeyes defeated Oregon, 42-20.
He was one of a group of young Mexican-Americans who agitated for change at San Jose State University, whether by working to establish minority scholarships or bringing speakers like Reies Lopez Tijerina , a controversial leader of the Chicano rights movement, to campus.
“I’m not going to say I was 100 percent ready.” The Olympics were two months away.
In the latest scandal, Gyalo Thondup accused his sister-in-law’s father of siphoning off the Tibetan government in exile’s gold and silver.
“And more hands,” he said.
Whatever one’s response to the production over all, I can’t imagine not being touched by the children seen on film who are quizzed about what they hope for or expect from their lives.
The Senate scheduled a long-delayed vote for Thursday on the nomination of Loretta E. Lynch as attorney general.
Mr. Kirby said that Secretary of State John Kerry had told his top aides at a staff meeting on Tuesday morning that “if you’ve got good ideas and options” for better helping the international community deal with the crisis, “including here in the United States,” he wanted to hear them.
By dwelling on the quotidian perhaps she intends to make us see the familiar in a new light, and at times she succeeds.
Before Rome, when I lived in Brussels, I’d watch the chocolatiers down near the Grand Place apply their tongs (most useful and underrated of culinary implements!)
Yet before the Mass, hundreds of thousands of pilgrims packed the long boulevard leading to the makeshift sanctuary.
But more commonly, many top police officials say they are seeing a growing willingness among disenchanted young men in poor neighborhoods to use violence to settle ordinary disputes.
He praised the Greek system for the steps it has recently taken — like ending the pledge period in which members are admitted on a probationary basis, which critics say amounts to an invitation to hazing, and requiring each fraternity or sorority house to have active faculty advisers of both sexes.
So there’s a very clear incentive for Iran to follow through, and there are very real consequences for a violation.
Of the bombers on display, about 10 will be available for flight demonstrations and rides.
The rights to the Concacaf Gold Cup, the regional championship that the United States and Mexico play in, was also a bribery target.
But he added: “Academy teams, while they may be good teams and give great educations, it’s not something that we really believe in or would promote or espouse in any way.
In the marathon, Stanley Biwott of Kenya won the men’s race, and Mary Keitany of Kenya won the women’s again.
“There is no Texas case or statute that allows for this type of sanctions motion nine years after the award was given,” Lyon wrote in his dissent.
The Hawks like to run the pick-and-roll, often with Teague at the controls.
In one of the best works, and one of the few scenes set indoors, a doll-like woman prepares to wash in a basin.
The organization also expressed alarm about health and sanitation problems because of the crowded conditions.
“Climate change didn’t cause Hurricane Sandy ,” he added, referring to the storm that ravaged New York and New Jersey in 2012, “but it might have made it stronger.” During his subsequent Twitter chat, Mr. Obama took questions selected by his staff.
Nieminen’s victory — secured by a wild 3-6, 6-3, 4-6, 6-0, 11-9 ride — looked and felt very much like the match of Wimbledon’s opening day.
“One of the most powerful moments was talking to a man going through a divorce after 20 years.
North Korea appears to be expanding its capacity to produce uranium, which could be used to increase its stockpile of nuclear weapons, an American nuclear expert said Wednesday.
It also might get more fashion jokes on late-night TV.
“Everyone is very aware that this case has to come to some sort of conclusion,” said Mario Mariniello, a researcher at the think tank Bruegel in Brussels and a former antitrust official.
To the Editor: Re “ Obama’s Faustian Bargain With Cuba ” (Op-Ed, July 8): The great flaw in Marco Rubio’s dissent on the re-establishment of diplomatic relations with Cuba is his notion that “it is the ruling oligarchs who stand to benefit from Mr. Obama’s opening to Cuba, not the Cuban people.” It has been the Cuban government that has used the American embargo as a justification or explanation for many of the ills that have fallen upon the Cuban people.
Vanity Fair’s usual procedure, several fashion executives said, is cloak-and-dagger, and the prospect of appearing in the issue justifies any perceived risk.
In honor of Dr. Seuss’s 111th birthday, we begin with a poem.
In fact, recent research, most prominently from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, suggests that this ordering may be backward.
The same notes, on the same timing, in the same rhythm.
“Did he just say he’s been to Baltimore?
More Trump supporters say they are angry about how things are going in the nation’s capital than do Republican primary voters who support other candidates (given the sample size, there were not enough supporters for other individual candidates to analyze separately).
Safaris offer close-up, once-in-a-lifetime views of animals in the wild — but at the same time they are deeply embedded in colonial iconography and in structural inequality.
Kind of like what other bearded Anglo-Saxon economists have been saying?
Mr. Brown told reporters last month that he had extended invitations to “just about everyone who is running on the Republican side,” and he hosted Mr. Kasich on Monday.
| Ariane de Rothschild will serve as chairwoman of the private bank’s executive committee, succeeding Christophe de Backer after he steps down as chief executive at the end of the month.
William Harris tapped his retirement savings to open A-Town Pizza, a Neapolitan pizzeria, in this Denver suburb three years ago.
It was never a law of physics, but rather an observation about the economics of a young industry that ended up holding true for a half-century.
Insurers see younger customers as particularly desirable because they tend to be healthy and their premiums can help cover medical claims for older, less healthy subscribers.
He suggested the creation of an “open division” within the N.C.A.A., in which colleges could opt to operate their sports teams as semiprofessional programs.
The prosecutor said the payments were drawn from $1.4 million put aside under the terms of a plea agreement.
The truth is, it all feels terrible and frightening and lonely.
Residents were left in fear by the first displacement in 1986, and they sought a foreign presence in the area in the 1990s in the hope that it would help protect them from settler violence and further displacement.
Given the intense interest among preservationists in Mr. Saarinen’s building, it seems safe to predict opposition to a plan that would insert new structures as backdrops to a roofline that is often compared to a bird in flight.
They call it “the jungle,” but it’s really just a tangle of dirt paths through stunted trees near an abandoned brick factory.
Mr. Pendergrass remained free on bond.
Turkey is moving to shore up its borders at land and sea to slow the flow of refugees into Europe and foreign fighters into Syria.
A thick stack of calendar pages tacked to a wall ends with January 1999 displayed on top.
COLD SPRING HARBOR “In the Heart of the Sea,” play.
He also plans to serve a cataplana, the round copper casserole often filled with clams and sausage that is typical in Portugal.
He is facing six civil lawsuits from women accusing him of rape or assault.
Probablemente los líderes europeos no deseen escuchar esto ahora, mientras tratan desesperadamente de cerrar sus fronteras para detener a cientos de miles de emigrantes y solicitantes de asilo que escapan del hambre y la violencia en África y el Medio Oriente.
Why, in France, of course — at least in the France of Hervé Hadmar, the director and creator, with Marc Herpoux, of the Gallic thriller “Witnesses.” The six-part crime drama is available for streaming on iTunes, Amazon and Netflix.
At home in Summerville, half an hour northwest of Charleston, Ms. Johnson received a call Wednesday evening from Mr. Pinckney’s wife, who told her that there had been a shooting.
The plug-in hybrid has been smartly redesigned, with sleeker styling, improved performance and efficiency that even current diesels can’t touch: The new Volt travels 53 miles or more on a plug-in charge, up from 38, while getting the energy equivalent of 106 m.p.g., or “m.p.g.e.” It then switches to gas-electric hybrid power and returns an official 42 m.p.g., versus 36 m.p.g.
“Jurassic World,” even with a production budget of $150 million, is in many ways an experiment: Can a greenhorn art-house director (Mr. Trevorrow, 38) meld his filmmaking ideas with those of a cultural giant (Mr. Spielberg, 68) to successfully dust off — but not overhaul — a 1990s-era movie series?
But the 15th-seeded Anderson, a thoughtful and introspective player, updated the record book with the performance of his life, leaving Murray to wonder what went wrong.
But would cluster-site housing be eliminated anytime soon?
In hopes of unlocking value in its Swiss banking unit, Credit Suisse plans a partial initial public offering of 20 to 30 percent of the business by the end of 2017.
Three days later, Cervetti and Rinker married.
Residents caught in the fighting fled their homes, heading north to Iraqi Kurdistan, as city officials declared a curfew in the city and the surrounding areas.
And Martin O’Malley attends 30 house parties across Iowa today.
Soon after being accepted into the program, she was named assistant to the company’s labor-relations manager.
“There are some words that are true, but you can’t say them,” it said.
But then she decided to go public with her own story.
It has also highlighted the dangers posed by a well-developed underground jihadist pipeline that has made Belgium Europe’s biggest per capita contributor of fighters to Syria, and the fears of the potential havoc these extremists could sow upon their return.
“If we dress like that, maybe spring will come a little bit earlier,” she said.
Lens is also on Facebook .
It was a great party, and I like to enjoy myself.” It was Rapinoe, creative both on the soccer field and off it, who grabbed the microphone to introduce her teammates with various anecdotes, nicknames and embarrassing details.
Thursdays through Mondays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.; and by appointment.
They had grown up in small towns on opposite sides of Mount Hood, both ending up at the Cornish College of the Arts in Seattle.
They knew very well that Israel was running a spy at the heart of the country’s closest ally, and failed to stop it.
The five numbers — each a solo — certainly showed five different dance languages, and four demonstrated language in high stages of sophistication.
Maitena Burundarena, a cartoonist and writer adored for her popular comic strip “Mujeres Alteradas” (Women on the Edge) , read out a list of demands, including that the government actually implement a law, passed six years ago, designed to prevent violence against women.
Luggage stacked like beribboned gifts are piled on a railroad platform in another.
The decision to go into film was easy.
And on Thursday, a document leaked from his office to The Wall Street Journal that outlined just such a plan, claiming that if nothing was done, the entire economy of Europe was “at risk” because of its dependency on American Internet companies.
Ledecky broke her 1,500-freestyle record on consecutive days in front of crowds that enthusiastically cheered her on.
Steel-pan bands, introduced to New York City by Caribbean immigrants, have joyously chimed across central Brooklyn for decades, performing at graduations and weddings and at annual events near Prospect Park like a musical competition called Panorama and an exuberant predawn street procession each Labor Day called J’ouvert .
Mi papá quiere ver cosas de la vida real.
“But our job as pass rushers is to have precise rushing lanes, and I think we did that pretty well today.” The Jets (8-5) have kept pace with the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Kansas City Chiefs, both winners Sunday, in a battle for the two wild-card spots in the A.F.C.
The bird is also attracting scientific attention.
Inmates named Reijo (left) and Yassin with cake that Yassin made for another inmate's birthday.
Mr. Maduro also asked the National Assembly, which his party controls, for extraordinary powers to face off American “aggression.” The sanctions were announced days after Mr. Maduro ordered the American Embassy in Caracas, the capital, to cut its staff to 17 from the roughly 100 employees based there now.
The latest New York Times/CBS News poll is based on telephone interviews conducted Oct. 21 to 25 with 1,289 adults throughout the United States.
All 13 episodes can be streamed for the next four weeks.
The spellbinding film movie has three more screenings at the Museum of Modern Art, Sunday through Tuesday.
Mr. Clark did not return telephone calls seeking comment.
It was an odd pairing — the country boy and the cosmopolitan Luhnow, who grew up in Mexico City, graduated from the Wharton Business School and was hired by the Cardinals with little background in baseball.
$18 FAMILY BIKING, AMSTERDAM TO BRUGES The Toronto-based active adventure company Butterfield & Robinson has a new summer family biking trip through the Netherlands and Belgium.
“It’s not impossible,” Murray said.
“They did this on a weekend when all France and Paris was in a state of shock,” said Yann Barthès, 40, who has hosted the show since it began in 2004.
“Toxic Psalms” includes, among other selections, a Syrian Orthodox hymn, Sarah Hopkins’s “Past Life Melodies,” and works by the Slovenian composer Lojze Lebic and the American Jacob Cooper.
Here were the victorious Mets, saying nice things about the vanquished Dodgers, dousing one another in champagne, rejoicing in the continued consequence of their October.
Ananda’s loneliness and sense of isolation are rooted in his individual temperament and can’t be written off as the consequence of his life abroad.
I just got the clicker to open up the gate outside.” Carra laughed.
With his sallow complexion, drooping eyes and air of exhaustion (or perhaps exasperation), Michael could be merely another business traveler.
Dodd-Frank introduced new say-on-pay measures, allowing shareholders to express their discontent.
BEST BOY , by Eli Gottlieb.
Artists always fall in and out of fashion, of course.
Even if these voters were closer to Mr. Sanders’s organizers, they would still be a tough sell.
The Qihoo 360 Technology Company, a Chinese Internet security firm, said on Friday that it had agreed to be taken private and bought by a consortium of investors for about $9.3 billion.
Plenty of people are asking that question.
During their subsequent competitive seasons, 12 athletes hit their heads and were put through the full battery of sideline concussion tests by parents or coaches, under the supervision of N.Y.U.
“Going into the postseason, there’s different challenges and moments you have to embrace,” he said.
Prosecutors had tried to depict Mr. Combs as a spiteful officer who overstepped his authority in Eutawville, a town of about 300 residents southeast of Columbia.
In the modestly furnished apartment, what is convenient for the humans is generally trumped by what is comfortable for the dogs.
I’m not satisfied with the minimal.” Last spring, Mr. Raymond learned about a grant from the Federation of Protestant Welfare Agencies, one of the seven agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund.
Opposing receivers have managed to top 10 fantasy points in four of six games.
Poynter compiled some of the tweets.
The musical also points up the difficulties of star vehicles — once common in the era of Ethel Merman and Mary Martin — because most stars won’t commit anymore to a long development process and a year of performances.
Setting a fastest lap and making up considerable ground, with 10 laps left in the race, Hamilton queried his team about catching Rosberg after his engineer asked him to slow down and simply finish the race.
Maidan’s supporters have moved from opposition to nation building.
His only official adviser is his father, who raised him as a single parent after Flowers’s mother died when he was 6 years old.
She told the first detective who interviewed her that she had not seen the shooting.
With 62 galleries from around the world set up in the WaMu Theater here, “I feel like the hit rate should be pretty decent,” she said as she browsed on opening night on Thursday.
“One thing we’ve never experienced in the South is anything close to a truth and reconciliation commission,” he told The Times in 2010 after Mr. Fowler formally acknowledged his guilt.
In their different ways, “Brooklyn,” “The Treasure” and “Right Now, Wrong Then” fulfill this criterion.
“He said in many of his lyrics that if you don’t suffer you don’t know anything about love.” Not even de Moraes at his saddest could sink the breezy sophistication of bossa, a music made by the middle class for the middle class.
But it said the purchase was for research purposes as it tried to bolster its spying on North Korea.
He wore a new “Make America Great Again” hat, this one in camouflage.
Instead, Ms. Bretherick gave a different kind of speech: She declared that she had never been assaulted and was angry about the prosecution.
Tuesdays through Thursdays, noon to 7 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 3 p.m.
The two people arrested — Msgr.
“Some are not as bad, but some houses are totally gone — just not there anymore,” she said.
With little power, Democrats have supported the idea of raising some new taxes, but argue that the governor’s plan would disproportionally hit working-class Alaskans.
Rather than having the letters sent annually, legislators decided that students should be monitored every other year and that high school juniors and seniors should not receive the letters at all.
A movie ticket costs about 380 bolívars.
What is it about our current reality that is so insufficient that we feel compelled to augment or improve it?
“Yesterday became a catalyst,” she said.
The film is more interested in examining the complaint that the crimes were given little attention by the police because the neighborhood is poor and black.
A number of states in recent years have closed jails as state and local governments have struggled with budget shortfalls.
“That opens things up, and it’s tremendous.” Mr. O’Bannon’s lawyer, Michael Hausfeld, added that the ruling also explicitly tied athletics to academics more strongly.
4 Photos View Slide Show › As Chris McKay, an astrobiologist at NASA’s Ames Research Center, said, it’s as if nature had hung up a sign at Enceladus saying “Free Samples.” Discovering life was not on the agenda when Cassini was designed and launched two decades ago.
Some analysts suggested that leaders in Tampa feared that reporting bad news might anger the White House.
At Carnegie Hall on Saturday afternoon — in her first of seven New York City concerts over several weeks, and the kickoff to a world tour — Björk imbued her performance of “Black Lake” with a subtler semaphore.
Beginning with a subterranean, almost inaudible rumble, Unsuk Chin ’s “Alice in Wonderland” isn’t quite the madcap spectacle you might expect from an opera based on Lewis Carroll’s novel.
Will forests beyond the Amazon, such as the boreal forest that encircles the Northern Hemisphere, eventually follow the Amazon and weaken as carbon sinks?
One group is locked in a car that is set afire.
Baby, it’s cold outside, and a person could develop cabin fever during a month like January.
Scores of other foreigners are still stranded in remote places, although their numbers are dwindling.
was founded by Scenic Hudson board members on the losing end of an internal struggle over an effort to push Scenic Hudson to focus on more than Storm King).
“In this, my first collection, I hope to honor Oscar’s legacy and also to start a new chapter for the house,” read the note from Mr. Copping, left in a folder on every place.
Ethical questions emerge in sharp relief as their faith is put to the harshest of tests.
While Heatley said he felt fully healthy, he has not posted statistics that would warrant much interest from N.H.L.
In December, he unveiled plans to develop 40 acres of mostly barren land that he owns or leases around Amalie Arena, the Lightning’s downtown home.
For newspaper delivery questions: 1-800-NYTIMES (1-800-698-4637) or e-mail customercare@nytimes.com .
There they met and became friends with the saleswoman, who married her longtime female partner in October.
Joseph Greco, Ms. Telford’s practitioner, who shares a patent for a process to remove growth factors from platelets, said he gets results in 80 percent of patients, more than half of whom are female.
In the United States, the Federal Reserve spent close to $4 trillion over six years.
Taking part in this Motherlode and NYTCooking collaboration is a welcome reason to set aside time on Sunday afternoons to cook with her.
The Philadelphia Eagles ’ signing of Tim Tebow raises a host of questions: How will Tebow fare after two years away from the game?
And he thought about that infamous 76ers team.
Para dar fin a los ataques a la prensa, el Presidente Peña Nieto debe tomar medidas firmes.
In fact, the FAN story itself had been aggregated from another pro-Kremlin news site called People’s News, which Andrei Soshnikov, the Moi Raion journalist, has reported also operates out of 55 Savushkina.
He said that he meant “pre-gang culture, where you are just running in the streets—not worried about working in the morning, just worried about your immediate gratification.” He added, “It is the same younger culture that is everywhere in the inner cities.” Wilson speaks of these communities as riddled with pathology rather than ravaged by poverty and, again, as if history, design and systemic racial oppressions like the ones described in the second Justice Department report play no role.
Pero si alguien puede ser considerado inevitable en estos momentos, es Hillary Clinton.
HOW much money did he earn with Saturday’s win?
‘‘As president, he made the sheep and the wolf walk together,’’ Bassam said.
The Hartford Funny Bone, 194 Buckland Hills Drive.
She has moved up to sixth place in the Huffington Post Pollster average.
Asked whether any of those members have urged the N.C.A.A.
We follow very closely what is happening.” Ms. Merkel is also no doubt worried.
On Sunday, Charles Sly, the man described by Al Jazeera as a doctor of pharmacy, claimed everything he said in the undercover films was a boast and a lie.
But the answer is more complicated.
Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern and updated on the web all morning .
“This is a real and immediate danger.” The threat is not just hypothetical.
“AOL just doesn’t have what the rest of those guys have yet,” said Sarah Hofstetter, the chief executive of the digital agency 360i.
His wife and daughter strive for a convivial atmosphere and a diverse crowd filled with business associates, arts patrons, political figures, celebrities, friends and family members.
Christine Weick has been standing outside the court each of the last 63 days with a large sign that reads “WARNING!
Competitors like Google and Facebook have widened their lead in visitors, products and advertising, making it all the harder for Yahoo to regain even a semblance of its past glory.
The set, which lasted 67 minutes, was worthy of their many close and compelling duels through the years.
After her husband was laid off from a string of auto mechanic jobs, Donna Colbey, 53, urged him to switch careers and become a radiology technician.
To be this woman touring with these big jazz bands in this incredibly sexist and crazy time is one of the most amazing journeys I can imagine,” Cho says.
The other picture books for which she did both text and illustrations include “ ‘More More More’ Said the Baby” (1990), also a Caldecott Honor Book; “Cherries and Cherry Pits” (1986); “Lucky Song” (1997); and “Scooter” (1993), a novel for older children.
Two men were found dead in an apartment in the Bronx on Thursday, the police said.
“This is not just a corporate problem,” he said.
In a study published last year, the F.A.A.
The closest clams get to the boneless-chicken-breast category is in a can.
The couple, who have six children, have conducted a ceaseless nationwide campaign to ban morcellation.
Melodies arrive from the stratosphere in Ms. Newsom’s guileless, quizzical soprano.
“Then I read the description and thought, ‘maybe I’m not far off.’” Mr. Bailey, 43, said Bentley’s fragrance, which starts at $74 and also comes in a body wash and shampoo, held little appeal for him.
But Mr. Cruz is potentially a more durable target than others whom Mr. Trump has attacked.
It has emerged as an alternative to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), formerly known as shock treatment, a highly stigmatized and more invasive technique that induces a controlled brain seizure, thus requiring general anesthesia in a hospital setting.
We have seen over the last 20 years or so, since the change from the Soviet Union, that the opportunities there are huge.
I also hold accountable Daniel Boone, first realtor through the Cumberland Gap; and Fenimore Cooper, whose salesmanship of the prairie and the waterways as a playground for white boys continues to plague us with foreign-exchange students and unwatchable Hollywood films.” Strange as it is, “Against the Country” has obvious affinities to Southern Gothic, both in its voice and in the delight it takes in rural ignorance and grotesqueries: the possibly suicidal box turtle, the stock car driver whose eyes were knocked out of his head and “dangled helplessly aware against the stick shift of his nose.” As a high school student, the narrator spits in his palm to attract flies that gather on the classroom windowsill, then fastens around their necks a long strand “begged from the scalp of a serious girl who wished not to know what I wanted with her hair.” He considers entering these tethered flies into the school’s business fair as “low-maintenance, low-grief pets” or, if he could train them to fetch things, the science fair — but of course there’s neither a science fair nor a business fair.
They all shaped who I am.” Helfrich sometimes cites Prefontaine while addressing the team.
Most of them were to be flown back to St. Petersburg overnight, the Egyptian government said in a statement.
Hollywood and the media elite are hostile to our values and they tip the scales to our liberal opponents at every opportunity.
Scholars of Islamic theology disagree, however, on the proper interpretation of the texts.
The note that arrived in the mail, dated March 25 and addressed to my grade-school-age daughter, said what we had expected and feared: Like tens of millions of other Americans , including untold numbers of children, she may have fallen victim to thieves who gained access to Social Security numbers and other personal data from the health insurance giant Anthem.
En 2003, Hugo Chávez impuso un control de cambios para tratar de frenar la inflación y evitar un ataque especulativo contra el bolívar venezolano.
Revenue rose 33 percent over the same period last year, and earnings per share were up 45 percent.
“We have to wait for another game.” The Nets started the day one game behind the Indiana Pacers for the final playoff berth in the Eastern Conference, and the victory moved them up half a game in the standings.
But with the recent opening of Good Room in Europa’s surrendered hull, it’s not hard to imagine a shirtless Hannah Horvath hoisting her victory banner over Greenpoint, perhaps once and for all.
“We spent four hours on Thursday shoveling one of the rinks, so when it sunk, it was not a good feeling at all,” said Malhotra, a 1998 first-round draft pick by the Rangers.
The creepy resolution is quite unlike anything that came before it and precious little since.
In 1856, the House devoted two months and 133 ballots to elect Nathaniel Banks, Democrat of Massachusetts, against the backdrop of discord over slavery.
“I can’t believe it’s not out by now,” said Mark Engel, 41, a lawyer from Long Island, at about 3 p.m.
Consider bobsledding, gymnastics and swimming.
All the familiar terror was back, as a father received a text from his daughter: “People shot.
For all of his self-sacrifice, he was a man with both a family to support and a message to communicate, and he was at a pinnacle of respect and success in 1963, when he was welcomed into the Newport fold.
Suzy knows her estranged friend was a strong swimmer, so she does not believe the adults’ explanation that “sometimes things just happen.” While on a school trip to the local aquarium, Suzy sees an exhibit of jellyfish, including the tiny, practically invisible Irukandji jelly, one of the most venomous creatures on the planet, with a sting that can result in painful and gruesome death.
Europe, in the meantime, is starting quantitative easing.
And so, rather than punish each home into the same shape, the group’s proposals use the existing structures and — carefully, economically — make them livable.
The Dresden police said that about 250 people, some holding bottles and waving flags associated with right-wing groups, demonstrated late Saturday and early Sunday near a former building supply outlet in Heidenau, a town of about 16,000 people on the Elbe River south of Dresden.
It has been estimated that there are at least 12,000 such cases in the United States every year, each typically costing hundreds of thousands of dollars.
His popularity with voters does, too, according to recent polls, which showed him at or near the head of the pack for the Republican presidential nomination.
Of course, Twitter had its fun at the airline’s expense:
The financial consequences of dropping down a division are scary.
Larger plates were as exciting as the small ones.
He initially learned of joggling at age 11, when he saw the world record in a Guinness book.
In Ferguson, Mo., community leaders seemed unable to come together to stem the violence after the police killing of Michael Brown in August.
36 Photos View Slide Show › Mr. Anderson spoke of building a wardrobe, piece by foundational piece.
T. Anthony , $1,200, tanthony.com .
People have intense feelings about Judy Blume.
“So we can’t scientifically study feelings in any creature but a human.”
With Mr. Thompson gone, there is no clear successor to Mr. Moynihan.
And which do you avoid?
For instance, the program’s social work consultants have experience in helping schools establish systems to identify and promptly assist students with severe emotional or behavioral needs.
But the satire leaping off these pages is not hate, nor the dead-end cynical variety that withers with a sneer.
They are the Kitchen and Performance Space 122.
The goal is to be in perfect harmony during the majors.
“Donald is great at the one-liners,” Mr. Bush said, before unleashing what sounded like a Trump one-liner.
In 1998, he married Ms. Balsam, who went on to play Roger Sterling’s first wife, Mona, on “Mad Men.” Together they have a teenage son, Harry.
Despite pleas from the Greeks for debt relief, the creditors gave only vague indications that they might consider easing terms on Greece’s total debt of more than 300 billion euros, which it cannot possibly repay.
Hillary Clinton was officially nominated on July 26 at the Democratic Convention.
That was today’s joint press release from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the International Energy Agency, the Nuclear Energy Agency, and the International Transport Forum, four of the stodgiest policy groups around.
As building owners have rushed to disinfect their towers, many have been uncertain about what level of treatment is required.
The program was financed last December and started in May with the goal of training 5,400 in the first year, but military officials said only 100 to 120 had actually been trained.
Bread & Puppet Theater.” “Dotted Dialogues: Contemporary Indigenous Art from Central Australia.” Through Oct. 11.
Her friend, Olivia, also 14, said her older brother, who worked in seating technology for Volkswagen cars, had been given a week off because of the uncertainty.
They bonded over “country stuff,” Lackey said on Thursday, meaning music, hunting and trucks, before Boston traded both last July.
But I’m with Wren-Lewis here: progressives are much too willing to cede history to the other side.
Now it’s all gone back into the ether.
To understand Syriza’s success, it’s critical to know that corruption by elites siphoned off countless billions.
The Showtime “Twin Peaks” revival was one example of several 1990s shows that are currently being reprised, including “Coach” for NBC, “The X-Files” for Fox , and, reportedly, “Full House” for Netflix.
“I don’t think a lot of people I know are doing juice cleanses anymore,” said Mr. Cahan, the artist and photographer who sold his stake in Organic Avenue to Weld North.
Elysa Goldman, the director of development for Triangle Equities, the developer, suggested that the depot’s crypt-like underground vaults, where flammable oil was kept, could become cheese caves or wine cellars for restaurants.
All along the route, the ship has drawn people reporting that Lafayette had given a bed to their Masonic lodge, or danced with an ancestor.
“Maybe the goal for now is to keep people around long enough to find the cure.”
The Donald Gallery, 343 Broadway.
Only later, on her first solo flight, she related, did she really feel in control in the air, with the “entire world beneath my feet.” These days, the Pakistani Air Force eagerly trumpets her rise as a symbol of its modernity.
Law is a practice like this, he said.
Mr. Stevens’ response — that the Brotherhood in fact had a relatively small following in Libya — was passed on to Mrs. Clinton.
He felt himself a prisoner of language.
At the property once owned by his grandfather, and which Koons refers to simply as “the country,” the man known for balloon sculptures and playful, larger-than-life structures carpeted in live, flowering plants (and a handful of risqué oil paintings) passes the warm summer months playing baseball with his offspring, practicing batting and catching skills at night — and occasionally watching the Phillies, Nationals and Yankees play.
Henrik Lundqvist, who was cleared to return to practice with the Rangers this week, was not at the team’s workout Friday because his wife, Therese, was close to giving birth to their second child.
Mr. Greene, co-founder of the festival, will star in a dramatic re-enactment of Einstein’s discovery, which includes animation and music from the composer Jeff Beal, who has worked on “House of Cards.” Discussions about satellites, New York City’s marine life, sleep and electrical brain stimulation will also take place in venues around the city.
At 11 p.m., Verboten, 54 North 11th Street, between Wythe and Kent Avenues, Williamsburg, Brooklyn, verbotennewyork.com.
Yet because of the difficulty of making major changes under our current political alignment, most new government policies today are no more than changes at the margin.
She double-faulted to give Mattek-Sands a break point, which she won at the net.
chairwoman during the Obama administration, overseeing moves like a lawsuit against Goldman Sachs over a mortgage-related investment created during the debt boom.
And then we heard the gunshots.” “If I had got there first,” he added, “I’d have got shot.” Mr.
Mr. Coulibaly said that he would release his remaining hostages if the brothers, Saïd and Chérif Kouachi, were let go.
He said that he was a child of divorce who could only attend St. Paul’s on scholarship, and that he was thinking of becoming a minister after college.
The controversy, sure to reignite as Goodell moves closer to ruling on Brady’s appeal, has seized hold of the Boston sports psyche when it is normally engaged with the plight of the Red Sox.
In 2011, candidates running for the G.O.P.
Fun fact: Strop was the “other” pitcher the Cubs acquired along with Jake Arrieta in a trade with the Baltimore Orioles in 2013 that paid big dividends this season.
But are we going to feed humankind — or just make something for foodies?” Essentially, he proposes that we stop shipping “wet” foods across countries or continents — because water makes food spoil — and instead break them down into their parts: separating their nutrients and flavors into a wide variety of powders and liquids that are theoretically shelf-stable in perpetuity, and can be used as ingredients.
The Braves scored six of their seven runs Sunday partly because of defensive miscues by the Mets.
The University of Michigan will release preliminary data on consumer sentiment in October at 10 a.m. Mary Jo White , the S.E.C.
He also looks peculiar, with blue fur, rabbitlike ears and, of course, no tail.
Mr. Johnston, as Queen Elizabeth II’s representative, fulfills most of the duties of head of state here, including administering the oath of office to government ministers.
Some examples of negative words: “two-faced,” “admonish, ” and “problematic.” Positive ones: “pre-eminent” and “adventurous.” Consider that last word.
Instead, he pointed out that there is “a gun for roughly every man, woman and child in America.
May 16 at 9 p.m. $20 to $35.
The last time a train had come down these tracks was in 1908, when Tula Springs was an important logging town.
The Islanders pulled off a brilliant comeback in front of a rabid crowd.
Mr. Church will begin planning the Sydney Theater Company’s 2017-18 season as he delivers his final season at the Chichester.
Liz Fischer, a spokeswoman for BMI, said that the organization’s expenses included significant legal costs, most prominently a lawsuit against Pandora over royalty rates that was decided in BMI’s favor.
Early on the journey — which lasts only 82 minutes but feels endless in a mostly good way — the camera moves from the close contemplation of grime and detritus to the butchering of meat.
One quarter of Albania’s population of three million lives here.
“It’s becoming very à la mode to have a reptile in the house.” She looked at a stack of invoices, including some orders from virtual companies that had not been paid.
In the rearview mirror, a strict laicism makes sense.
When I told her about the pheromones, she laughed.
Mets gridlock Braves , 7-1.
But Simon’s professional path abruptly changed when Stacey Allaster made her surprise decision to resign as chief executive of the Women’s Tennis Association last month.
Over all, a black woman given a breast cancer diagnosis is 42 percent more likely to die from the disease than a white woman with breast cancer.
My challenge to him: Get me dinner and drinks for $25 of my dwindling budget.
But it has been the source of cable television and the Internet for millions in the tristate area for years.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note edged down to 2.21 percent.
The list of restaurant and chef nominees is below; the winners will be announced in Chicago on May 4.
What if I got so comfortable that I just did a set topless?
I leave that alone.” Fine by him, Austin said.
This is a tactic that could easily backfire by alienating the electability-minded and moderate donors and party elites who help decide the nomination.
“It was 1 in the morning,” he said on Sunday, recalling the night before.
For “Anchorman,” White worked on digital transfers of the actual film McKay shot, which allowed White to glide through footage to assemble a digital final cut.
“Low salaries are a fundamental part of the economy,” Mr. Esquivel said.
Bill Cosby and his former lawyer can be questioned under oath in a defamation lawsuit filed against Mr. Cosby by the onetime supermodel Janice Dickinson, a judge ruled on Monday.
There is no other opposition group able to take power than Sam Rainsy’s party.
I think that the “travels” of this puzzle are a bit unusual.
He arranged for the public to meet his ministers, but such huge crowds turned up with grievances that Mr. Kejriwal and some of his fellow leaders had to flee.
In the first, “Capriccio,” pulverized dance fragments float through abstract static like dust particles caught in a strong beam of light.
“It’s almost like the movie poster for the story that’s been unfolding for the last year,” said Mr. Moakley, Time’s deputy director of photography, who later went to Baltimore to meet Mr. Allen.
He took a distant third place in Iowa — and that was before his famous scream .
There was no comment from the defendants, who are all in detention.
“We are worried that in 30 days the signal will be lost,” he said.
Shark Week is trying to shape up.
I recently read “My Struggle” Volumes 1 and 2; I’m saving Volume 3 for some fun beach reading this summer.
Don’t walk alone after dark.
I hear it every time I see her walker, parked beside the bicycles in our garage.
The ecological crisis, and the large-scale destruction of biodiversity, can threaten the very existence of the human species.
Named after the wind Americans would spell “gulf” (not the sport) it’s all the car most of us need.
In the unsentimental Conservative Party, that means the maneuvering to succeed him has already begun, with a change expected sometime after Britain votes in a referendum on whether to remain in the European Union.
At 14, she was raped by a stranger — a singer, he claimed — who had lured her into a recording studio in Notting Hill.
That has encouraged more homebuilding.
The sample size was too small to make any broad inferences, but it set Bruneau on a quest of sorts.
“It’s been contested for some time.”
Another person who has been a recent target of Mr. Trump is Bill Clinton, the former president who has deep ties to New Hampshire.
The complaint, prepared by a special agent with the Postal Service Office of Inspector General and filed this month, says the workers wrote letters on behalf of family members or fictional children, and then made copies of them to raise the chances they were chosen by a Secret Santa.
Croton water reached a fountain in City Hall Park and rose 50 feet, unpumped: gravity’s geyser.
She spoke sitting in the Annie’s cozy mahogany cabin where she and her crew would sip rum while at anchor after a long day of sailing, using candles and a kerosene lamp for light.
I chanced upon him in 2011 during the “Sing for Hope” project , when painted pianos were placed outside around New York to be played by passers-by.
10 P.M. (13); 11 P.M. (49) LITTLE WHITE LIE At 18 Lacey Schwartz, who grew up in a Jewish household in Woodstock, N.Y., believing she was white, discovered that her father was black.
He took over Mr. Colbert’s 11:30 p.m. slot just under a month ago as the host of “The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore.” Steve Carell A “Daily Show” correspondent for five years, Mr. Carell left for movie and TV glory as the star of the long-running NBC sitcom “The Office” and comedic movies like “Anchorman” and “The 40-Year Old Virgin.” His appearance in last year’s “Foxcatcher” resulted in an Oscar nomination.
El primer ministro de Israel, Benyamin Netanyahu, de visita en París después del ataque contra Charlie Hebdo, instó a los judíos franceses a irse a vivir a Israel, “su hogar”.
A producer asks Rodrigo DeSouza that as he prepares to go onstage at the Hollywood Bowl.
On Wednesday, Mr. Fernández, her chief of staff, asserted that Mr. Lagomarsino, had been observed carrying out “intelligence services” at protests over a 2004 nightclub fire that left 194 people dead.
“It’s kind of weird I’m the only guy here,” said Danilo Miglietta, who lives in Park Slope, Brooklyn, and who “likes to support my local creepy places.” Half the students were from Manhattan, though Hanna Cable, 17, had traveled from Lexington, Ky., saving her money and persuading her mother, Katrina, to drive to Brooklyn during her spring break.
There is no herd immunity in many parts of the third world because of limited access to medical care, lack of education and sometimes outright lies by religious and political leaders about immunizations.
Yet the lights on the street are the same as they have ever been, but for a small alteration, part of a campaign by the city to make New York greener.
Academics by nature are not radical.
Here’s what you need to know: • Calm on Israel-Lebanon border.
And that is where I have stood for quite a while on it.
“My photography has never been about myself.” Ms. Robinson, 32, began her photography career at her hometown newspaper in Vacaville, Calif., The Reporter.
California’s Upward-Mobility Machine An Upshot column about the University of California system.
At the time, Ms. Harms said that Ms. Merkel had “ridden roughshod” over democratic process “by strong-arming other E.U.
Glympse is an addictive app that tracks your every move and allows you, with the tap of a single button on a map, to send a copy of it with your current location to anyone you wish.
In 23 years on the force, he was wounded 11 times, killed two suspects in self-defense and became a law-enforcement legend, winning dozens of citations for valor and national recognition.
Ms. Sarandon and Morgan Spurlock were executive producers of two other films: “Storied Streets,” a look at homelessness in 14 cities, which was directed by Ms. Sarandon’s son Jack Henry Robbins and by Thomas A. Morgan; and “Waiting for Mamu,” Mr. Morgan’s film about Pushpa Basnet, an advocate for the shunned children of Nepalese convicts.
Despite being hampered by a broken finger, Rosen hit .300 in 1954, helping the Indians win the pennant with 111 victories, then a league record, to end the Yankees’ streak of five consecutive World Series appearances.
He was a really good guy in the locker room.
“It was the most energy, hype, whatever you want to call that, I’ve ever seen in a dugout,” said reliever Caleb Cotham, who got his first major league win.
So she put out an open call and invited the writers she liked best to camp out for a week and take a crash-course in TV writing; one of those writers was transgender classical pianist Our Lady J, who ended up impressing Ms. Soloway so much that she joined the show staff and wrote this episode.
He said Russia was now “as much a threat to Europe as Islamic State,” and spoke as British fighter jets were scrambled for the second time in a month to escort Russian bombers off the coast of Cornwall, England.
Now, the same group, the Collaborative for Student Success, that ran the Bennett ad is poised to begin airing television commercials in Iowa promoting Common Core to potential Republican caucusgoers.
She speaks in a whisper, perhaps because her voice was injured by smoke inhalation.
I said at my first inauguration that we can’t underestimate the severity of the times, that this was not a moment for more speeches.
$8 to $12; members and children under 12, free.
“I can’t even tell you how many times that’s saved me.” When the MacArthur money came in, he put it toward an idea he had started to develop — a program that brought musicians together to live in a city for three to four weeks to perform and be part of the community.
She quickly put Bethanie Mattek-Sands in a 0-40 hole.
In 1987 it became the first golf course in the United States to be declared a national historic landmark.
Last weekend it solidified its hold on Iraq’s Anbar Province with a carefully choreographed assault on the regional capital , Ramadi.
His lawyer, Eugene J. Riccio, said the hearing was “just the start of a long judicial process” and declined further comment.
Seeking to save his faltering campaign, Mr. Bush seized on criticism that Mr. Rubio is failing to do his job as a senator while campaigning for president.
But over time companies have downsized, or left altogether, lured abroad or to states with lower taxes and fewer regulations.
After earning his doctorate from the University of California, Irvine, in the mid-1990s, Michl Binderbauer had trouble securing federal funds to research an alternative approach to fusion that the American government briefly explored — one that adds the element boron into the hydrogen fuel.
What happened to those helicopters has since become a matter of dispute.
“There was no rush to be married.” In September 2014 while picnicking in the San Francisco Botanical Garden, Mr. Bonné broke their geographic stalemate by falling to one knee and presenting Ms. Masten with a ring and an offer to move to New York.
The jail in Helong is packed with Chinese drug offenders who sold methamphetamine, a debilitating synthetic drug made in North Korea and in wide circulation among unemployed youth in Jilin, locals said.
I and its lesser-known counterpart?
“I’ve just made complete monkeys out of GCHQ; I’ve got the mobile number of the director,” the caller, who was not identified by name, told the newspaper, referring to the Government Communications Headquarters agency, which collaborates closely with the National Security Agency in the United States.
Sprinkled throughout the show, particularly in the wall text, are references to writers and thinkers like James Baldwin, Aimé Césaire, Jean Rhys, Édouard Glissant and Stuart Hall, who all eloquently addressed colonialism, racism and migration.
The ordeal of Mr. Hekmati, an American of Iranian descent from Flint, Mich., who served with the Marine Corps in Iraq, began after he went to visit his extended family in Iran for the first time in August 2011.
Dr. Taub, 79, a leading oncologist dedicated to cancer research, sent patients to Mr. Silver and his law firm, and Dr. Taub received state grants with the help of Mr. Silver, 71, then the speaker of the New York Assembly.
Of about 36 recently demolished sites that the Historic Districts Council deemed worthy of preservation, 12 were in Midtown.
He tries at first to feed his new habit nonviolently — snatching plasma from a clinic — but soon settles into more traditional methods.
On the splintering of Malaysian politics: The reason why Malaysia has managed to remain stable and to grow economically was because there was one big coalition of parties.
Scores of party workers were gathered outside Congress headquarters, some bleary-eyed and unshaven after all-night bus rides to the capital, propping up life-size portraits of Mr. Nehru’s daughter, Indira Gandhi, and her son Rajiv Gandhi, whose assassinations thrust Sonia Gandhi, Rajiv’s wife, into politics.
Facebook also has more users in Europe than in the United States, according to eMarketer, a research company.
during the dominant stretch, including a no-hitter June 20 against Pittsburgh.
More than 130 Palestinians have been killed during the same period, about two-thirds of them in carrying out, or attempting to carry out, attacks.
Columbus’s Federico Higuain opened the scoring with a hard-bouncing header off Wil Trapp’s corner in the 10th minute.
This is amazing, I told him.
In recent years, Blackstone’s private equity operations have ceded some prominence to the firm’s huge real estate division, which has struck deals for office buildings and other assets — including Hilton Hotels — around the world.
“The more that we gain attention in those ways, the more it makes us cautious,” he said.
William Neal Meserve, a Union soldier, was wounded twice at Antietam and served in the Wilderness Campaign under Ulysses S. Grant, rising to the rank of major.
Mr. Pilnyak said the maneuvers, which included reclassifying loans as fees from clients, backdating checks and counting partner capital contributions as revenue, were carried out by lower-level employees at the direction of the three former executives.
Davit simply walked over to a nearby apartment building, started shouting up to people on the balconies, and soon returned with skewers on loan from a stranger.
“It is not as if there is the identification of a specific crime problem; they are simply collecting a lot of information that could impact a lot of completely innocent people,” said Michael German, a fellow at the Brennan Center for Justice and a former F.B.I.
Altogether, 81 people were on board that truck.
Tiger Woods is not among the top 100 golfers in the world ranking for the first time since 1996.
; its members are still debating the pros and cons.
In New York, 64 percent of the students graduate in four years (nearly the same as the citywide average for all students) and 73 percent in six years.
Now in its ninth decade of operation, Vanguard Wellington offers a rare real-world, long-term track record through numerous bull and bear markets for both stocks and bonds, not some hypothetical back-tested result.
The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda is closing after 21 years, having indicted only 93 people out of thousands involved in the genocide.
She also points out that youth participation in extreme sports tends to be unregulated.
Daily, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Free.
He carded a 71 and a 69 on the par-70 Old White TPC course and did not make the cut.
“Salesman,” running through May 2 (with a possible London run to be announced), is a pause from Shakespeare and an unexpected link to his work.
Carlos Swepson, a New York chef with roots in Natchez, Miss., who owns BLVD Bistro with his sister, Joi, has approached the challenge thoughtfully.
3 Beekman Street, Beacon, 845-440-0100, diaart.org.
And there were two more Elliott touchdowns still to come.
“If they can’t prove it beyond a reasonable doubt, they’re not going to bring charges,” she said.
And he thanked Greeks for staying calm in hard times.
Of the few I’ve been able to find, I particularly like Lo-Fi’s 2014 , tangy and textured with lemon, honey and waxy lanolin flavors.
The case was settled in 2009, but he lost his job as part of the settlement and lost touch with relatives.
“Community college gave me not only an education, but the confidence to go on to a four-year university.
Ayala was convicted and sentenced to death.
The couple met through mutual friends in July 2008 at the Austin Symphony Orchestra's concert in Zilker Park.
Lawyers for the prisoners, with the support of many medical experts, say that even if properly administered, the drug cannot reliably cause deep unconsciousness before the injection of other extremely painful agents that cause death.
We shot a lot in Bay Ridge and some in Queens.
Last year, five of the 22 weddings that took place at the Camelback had over 200 people.
to be as broad as it can be.” Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, a possible Republican presidential candidate, said Congress would not pass Mr. Obama’s proposal.
Jones Act restrictions also apply to cargo ships traveling between the mainland United States and Alaska, Hawaii and Puerto Rico.
There is rare consensus among inmate advocates and correction officials that the surest way to fix the Rikers Island jail complex is to empty it.
(Fast forward to February 2015, when another police raid on Lufeng labs seized yet another 2.4 tons of meth.)
Sanders told The Daily Breeze of Torrance, Calif., on Monday that her team was taking part in the “Play 4Kay” campaign to raise awareness for the Kay Yow Cancer Fund.
The exhibit will remain on display until November.
Lai inserts Ba’s lyrical voice selectively into Mai’s story.
By the time they hit their 20s, they had become accomplished riders who had completed long-distance trips across Europe and India — and realized over drinks one night on the Lower East Side that the state of luggage for motorcycles wasn’t up to their standards.
The lofty valuations were accompanied by frenzied retail investing, heavy buying using borrowed money and people leaving their jobs to day-trade — all signs of a classic bubble.
Mr. Trump is getting the most support of any candidate since Fox News started polling the primary in December 2013, Fox News officials said.
When she jumps, she expects the men to catch her.
This month the Cuban singer and bandleader Pepito Gómez brings his brand of timba and pop to the borough.
A man named Demetrius Blackwell was arrested in less than two hours.
Karlie Kloss in long sleeveless tangerine Louis Vuitton?
One member, Polly Trottenberg, New York City’s transportation commissioner, said the increases were as fair as possible.
Readers dissatisfied with a response or concerned about the paper’s journalistic integrity may reach the public editor at public@nytimes.com or (212) 556-7652.
ELIZABETH F. COHEN New York The writer is an associate professor of political science at Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs, Syracuse University.
Shanghai high-school students have dominated the last two cycles of the Program for International Student Assessment exam, leading more than one U.S. official to connect this to a broader “Sputnik moment” of coming Chinese superiority.
That, he said, would be more or less equal to the company’s stock market value, which is about $5 billion.
Worse, they suggest that Mr. Bebchuk’s project committed fraud by not fully disclosing the extent of contradictory research, which they say is a “material omission” by S.E.C.
plane crash today,” he wrote on Twitter .
When Girardi came out to remove Miller, with Davis at the plate, in the eighth inning, it was a clue.
The female officer, who is black, says that the situation is fine and asks Mr. Miller to back away.
2:45 P.M. BAD WORDS (2014) Guy Trilby (Jason Bateman, who also directed), a 40-year-old bully who has wormed his way onto the spelling-bee circuit, mows down the competition with one expletive after another until he reaches the nationals.
Fitzgerald was famously obsessed with the mysteries of great wealth, what people do with it and what it does to them, big money’s glorious power and ruinous effects, and the irreconcilability of the lifestyles of the rich with those of the rest of us.
Sigue a NYT América en Facebook y Twitter para leer más noticias de The New York Times en español.
Like these characters who look back on their lives, audience members can either dwell on what they might have had, or appreciate the good things they have gotten.
“You’ve got to give them credit, man,” he said of the Mets.
As excruciating as it can be to bear witness when a loved one is at the end of life, I highly recommend it to everyone given the chance.
Your first attempt will be terrible.
Of course, overindulgence is always a risk, and wearing shoes that match one’s outfit but lack practicality means some attendees struggle toward the exit at the end of the day — but at the very least they look good doing it.
But none of those idiosyncratic efforts got anywhere close to becoming law.
In the latest crisis, tens of thousands are racing to Hungary before a border fence is finished.
Much has been made of the film’s prescience about the violence that erupted on the city’s streets.
That fear rose in December, after a drop in donor funding led the World Food Program to briefly warn that it would have to cut off food aid for the hundreds of thousands living outside the camps.
They assumed that her mother’s joylessness was a result of the encroaching disease.
The second issue of American Megazine is devoted to the storefronts of psychics: small businesses that, like megachurches, weave spirituality into the retail infrastructure of America.
How did the police find his parents?
Ulman met Simchowitz earlier that year after an email introduction from the editor of Sex Magazine, an online arts publication, and was unaware of his reputation for aggressive accumulation.
“That street had houses on both sides.
‘Chestnuts roasting on an open fire?’ ” Mr. Elsayed said.
So I made an art show that has a cafe, a cocktail bar, a restaurant and another bar.
“In the first round of talks, some countries, especially Saudi Arabia, played a negative and unconstructive role,” Iran’s deputy foreign minister, Hossein Amir Abdollahian, was quoted as saying by the Iranian Students’ News Agency and other official outlets.
Sunday • Learn more about the Godfather of Soul at a showing of the documentary “Mr.
I use email instead of the phone, to stay in intimate touch with friends many time zones away and to do a certain amount of, how to put this, gossiping.
Ian Poulter summoned security to confront a heckler at the par-3 17th island hole.
That is up from an offer of £43.50 a share in cash made on Monday, and it would represent more than a 50 percent premium to SABMiller’s closing price in mid-September, before Anheuser-Busch InBev’s approach was first announced.
But, he wrote on Facebook , “just like everyone else, we will pay capital gains taxes when our shares are sold by the L.L.C.” _____ 6.
released its report detailing his misdeeds, he was ready with his own counterstatement.
But then you need to consolidate those stories with good statistical results obtained through cold, rational measurement.
When Tina Fey and Aretha Franklin do ads for American Express, when Stephen Colbert plugs pistachios and Kevin Bacon sells eggs, and short fiction by Toni Morrison and Jeffrey Eugenides is available on Chipotle cups, does “artistic integrity” mean anything anymore?
You need a good reason to go where you’re going.
Her public practicing becomes a moving event for many of her listeners, even some of the terrorists.
It was Dixon’s 11th career game with three or more touchdowns, tying an N.C.A.A.
It is beyond theater.” Ms. Malina was born in Kiel, a port city in northern Germany, on June 4, 1926.
Nothing negative.” Ms. Thalasinos said she and her husband were devout Messianic Jews, members of a religious group that incorporates elements of Judaism and Christianity.
With Radioactivity, Pill and the Blackouts.
It also operates the IMG Models agency and represents fashion photographers like Steven Meisel and Patrick Demarchelier through the Art & Commerce agency.
Most of the money for CME’s revised offer came from an $89 million increase in the price that Mr. Gooch and his partners agreed to pay for the brokerage business, prompting the question of why they did not offer that much in the first place.
Carlos had done almost 11 years; Roby, close to 12.
The proposal includes putting “an end to the fossil fuel era,” phasing out emissions by midcentury and providing “affordable, reliable and safe renewable energy access for all.” It also calls for the development of “new models of development and lifestyle.” Governments must also set limits to global temperature increases, the appeal stated.
The younger Seaman drivers learn from the veterans about how and when to clear the soil, plant the seeds and pick the vegetables.
What you mostly get, instead, is slavery-is-freedom claims that reform actually empowers the bad guys: for example, that regulating too-big-and-complex-to-fail institutions is somehow doing wheeler-dealers a favor, claims belied by the desperate efforts of such institutions to avoid the “systemically important” designation.
“As long as there is war in Syria and terror in Libya, the refugee crisis will not simply go away.” Mr. Juncker, a former prime minister of Luxembourg, used his State of the Union address to the European Parliament to make a case that history and self-interest compel the bloc’s members to come together to address the issue, not just by helping the migrants but by more forcefully addressing the root causes of conflict and poverty in the Middle East and Africa.
The biggest news is that this is the fifth consecutive year that the local chef Aaron Vandemark has been a semifinalist for the James Beard Award for Best Chef: Southeast.
But a few determined members are blocking legislation that would roll back the sanctions.
You say that this kind of technology blurs the distinction between information and knowledge.
At Apple, which still does not pay hackers bounties for turning over bugs, Project Zero has discovered more than 60 bugs in crucial Apple applications, like the Safari browser and mobile developer kits.
Bridge Street Live, 41 Bridge Street.
“It was so smart of Daft Punk to put helmets on and save their identities for the rest of their lives.” Axwell and Ingrosso, on the other hand, were clad in variations on the same luxe-casual outfit: expensive-looking T-shirts, tight black jeans, dark gray high-tops and tastefully long, effortless hair.
Verizon topped second-quarter expectations as it signed up more wireless customers.
As we started chatting, I focused on a brightly colored drawing on the wall facing her bed.
Other tech investors have been enticed by the quality of start-ups in India.
Sysco said on Monday that it had agreed to divest 11 distribution centers in a bid to obtain the blessing of regulators including the Federal Trade Commission.
“The Red Guards had smashed a local campus and lined 10 pianos to use as a barricade.
The movie — it won first prize at the Bergamo Film Festival in Italy, surely to the displeasure of Czech authorities — is so besotted with signs and omens it might be a Slavic “El Topo.” Her sexual curiosity notwithstanding, Valerie exists mainly as a foil to the adult monsters, more comic than scary, who threaten her.
[ New York Times ] • Scoreboard: Knicks dunk Lakers , 101-94.
“I can assure you that it is not.” Still, many lawmakers remain unconvinced.
••• Politicians and their staff members poured over the 43-page complaint — an often titillating document that included references to burner phones, secretly taped conversations and strong-arm tactics that were on display even during the wake of a slain police officer.
Each winter, the water he sprayed would accumulate into amorphous but strangely beautiful blobs of ice.
Her guests are a young couple from New York, Jenny Chung (Hong Chau) and Elias Schreiber-Hoffman (Christopher Abbott), who have come to see the celebrated sights.
A song about Florida refers somewhat tangentially to Baldwin’s activism during the civil rights era.
The party’s image hasn’t gone through the intended upgrade after its defeat in 2012.
Mr. Almorales and his mother, who also worked at a restaurant, stayed on top of the household finances.
It was a devilish story to report out, because it took a long time to cut through confusing static that had built up around the science of biomass energy, and because the wood pellet supply chain traverses two continents.
Mr. Carter, President Obama’s nominee to replace Chuck Hagel as defense secretary, paid an office call on Mr. McCain, the Arizona Republican and new chairman of the Armed Services Committee.
tournament buzzer-beater that remains a staple in TV promotions for the tournament.
So you’re likely to sell the property before the project’s completed.
The reaction uses a palladium catalyst to create bonds between carbon atoms.
$6 to $10; members and children under 8, free.
But many of them simply cannot afford to pay the bail that has been set.
The United States is now about 17 percent Hispanic, but at the ballot box, only 10 percent of voters were Hispanic in the last presidential election.
Suicide bombers struck for the first time in the capital of Chad on Monday morning, apparently in retaliation for the leading role the country has played in a regional war against the Nigerian terrorist group Boko Haram, officials said.
More than half, he said, were spared jail time.
Before Obama proposed work permits and deportation deferrals for about five million undocumented immigrants (out of an estimated 11 million), his administration presided over a record number of deportations .
A former military assistant to President Bill Clinton, General Pittard had years of combat experience in Iraq and was long viewed as someone who could rise to the level of Army chief of staff.
Elizabeth Nelson, a nurse practitioner in northern Nebraska, said she was on her own last year when an obese woman with a dislocated hip showed up in the emergency room of her small-town hospital.
You have to expect him to be at his best in Paris.”
“I found this shirt in my closet.
The LABYRINTH containing the MINOTAUR was a trap set by KING MINOS of Crete, an angry dude who was understandably bitter because his own son had perished under the care of the people of ATHens.
When the campaign for Canada’s federal elections began in August, all indicators seemed aligned for Tom Mulcair and his New Democratic Party.
Kuemper kept the shutout intact to earn his first win of the season.
A flock of free range chickens comes around to have a look at you.
In Mieso, Taha Ido, 45, watched as government workers unloaded sacks of wheat not far from his home.
Mr. Rogers, cleverly and expediently, leaves it up to us to picture this particular menace.
Instead of a fiery description of his battles with unions, he told of a recent helicopter tour of Israel and showed a 40-year-old photograph of himself and his brother holding an Iowa flag.
tournament underdog that stuns a higher seed.
At 7 p.m., Newark Symphony Hall, 1030 Broad Street, Newark, newarksymphonyhall.org.
Of course, many companies and organizations get involved to promote their own brands or work.
Aging establishment acts also are appearing at festivals once distinguished by their “alternative” or “indie” bonafides.
For Alvarez, the Belmont Stakes was the highlight of his run with American Pharoah, who won the final leg of the Triple Crown by five and a half lengths.
“He never has, never will.
If you’d told me in 2000, as a transgender woman just coming out, that I was a person of privilege, I’d have angrily lectured you about exactly how heavy the burden I’d been carrying was.
“Our bodies are not meant to watch television four hours straight,” said Ms. Johnson, the physical therapist.
Readers dissatisfied with a response or concerned about the paper’s journalistic integrity may reach the public editor at public@nytimes.com or (212) 556-7652.
An ailing Serena Williams managed a semifinal win at the French Open and will face Lucie Safarova in a try at her 20th Grand Slam singles title.
And even as people here mourn, the fires rage on, with strong winds from a cold front burning another 15,000 acres overnight in the Chelan area, about 100 miles east of Seattle.
Thomas Marvel has plenty of room at Marvel & Marchand Architects , where the head count has shrunk to nine, from 25, over the past five years, with those remaining now working only three days a week.
As such they do not merit a response.” Mr. Murat and his family purchased property in the United States throughout his long political career.
“This is not a new conceit,” A. O. Scott wrote in The Times, citing “You’ve Got Mail” and “The Shop Around the Corner.” But, he wrote, “the idea of two lonely souls connecting in a vast, modern metropolis, and remaining strangers even as their intimacy grows, has a durable charm.
All but a few produce timepieces that sell for upwards of $200,000.
Some 20 American states have special sales taxes on non-diet soft drinks, but they are too small to have much effect on consumption.
The report also cites concerns Mr. Stringer’s office raised one year ago about mounting claims against the Department of Correction .
Mr. Kramer, who gave a thrilling account of Prokofiev’s Sixth Sonata at Weill Recital Hall in 2011, has certainly chosen a daunting program for this occasion.
At the University of Chicago, from which he retired in 2001, Mr. Eaton turned his attention to smaller work, writing for a troupe of his own creation, the Pocket Opera Players.
Schlender y Tetzeli comentaron en una entrevista por correo electrónico que la cooperación de Apple no fue fácil de obtener; cuando los experimentados periodistas de tecnología se acercaron a la empresa por primera vez en 2012 en relación con el libro, les dijeron que los ejecutivos no concederían entrevistas, pero 18 meses después Apple cambió de opinión.
HIGH-OCTANE START I wake up around 9, and my boyfriend and I eat breakfast together.
An early interaction with their next-door neighbor started with an apology, Paul remembers: “She said, ‘I’m sorry about your garage.
But Apple does not do so.
‘Vanderpump Rules.’ ‘Dance Moms.’ ” Along came Jill with the cookie — two, actually.
Instead, virtually all of them are computer scientists.
“In baseball, people are, for the most part, paying attention,” he said.
We love challenging and torturing ourselves.” The project is slated for completion next summer.
Those arms have risen in a spiraling cone, when suddenly the dancer opens herself up in a sudden cascade, with face and shoulders stretching back toward us.
“But they will be in default, and I don’t think I can alter that in the short term.” Greece now joins the roster of countries — including some of the poorest and worst governed — that have missed payments to the I.M.F.
“And there’s a huge waiting list” of people who hope to be added, said Dawn Greenberg of Chappaqua, the organizer of the nonprofit festival.
They also need to look at the fees charged by the manager and how much those fees subtract from the return.
But it never succeeded in referring patients to larger Mercy hospitals for specialty care, he said, thus hurting the system’s bottom line.
11 while Boise State, the top team last season in the so-called Group of 5 — the five Football Bowl Subdivision conferences outside the five major ones — was ranked No.
“Arabian Sands,” Wilfred Thesiger (1959) Shortly after World War II, a young Englishman decides to trek across the Empty Quarter of Arabia ; his spare prose captures the vanishing nomadic way of life in one of the planet’s harshest environments.
On “Girls,” he’s been completely flat, so the flash-forward to he and Hannah as a happy couple six months later felt unearned.
They’ve built up a base of loyal customers over the years, he said, “and we can do the same in another neighborhood.
They are focusing on recruiting, preparing and placing teachers in hard-to-staff subjects like science and math.
That has led to grave concern here, as speculators bet that Denmark’s currency peg to the euro will break, giving them outsize profits on the Danish assets they hold as the crown rises in value.
Militiamen hauled him to a guard station and beat him so badly that neighbors had to use a wheelbarrow to get him home.
The 29-year-old Anguilla institution is an island-off-an-island where you’ll do four blissful things: swim in serene, shallow waters; listen to live reggae music; eat — grilled lobster, fish, crayfish or chicken — and drink some lethal rum punch (lobster or crayfish $75; chicken $30).
• An article on June 14 about Sky, a new rental building at 605 West 42nd Street, using information from the developer, misstated the number of floors.
“The reason: infidelity to God.” Mr. Badawi’s wife said he was arrested at a supermarket in 2012.
“It’s not just about getting new people.
They are improving, but not imposing.
“How many times we’ve heard it?” he said.
Top-ranked Lydia Ko shot a six-under-par 66 for a share of the lead in the suspended first round of the JTBC Founders Cup in Phoenix.
The national dailies put his photo on their front pages.
Will Butler of Arcade Fire [and it’s a different Will Butler!
It would take humanity back to the Middle Ages and target every apostate for destruction.
This is the case, even as the public perception suggested otherwise.
A nearby sign explains that such burls, or bumps, are caused by insects: “The female lays her eggs under the bark.
But I have been able to live and to show.” She formed part of an artistic circle that included the Americans Sam Francis, Norman Bluhm and Joan Mitchell and the Canadian Jean-Paul Riopelle.
Xiaoice is able to offer a sense of “intelligence” because the technology behind her systematically mines the Chinese Internet for human conversations, and then resurfaces responses.
500, after its chief reported strong sales in gaming software sales during the holiday shopping season.
Lawmakers on the Intelligence Committee pushed for changes in the legislation to allow intelligence agents to continue to track suspected foreign terrorists when they enter the United States, even though at that point they are supposed to get a warrant.
“He spent many years living in Walberswick, too,” Ms. Freud said.
Jeff Davis, said in a statement.
How long will it take him?” Greller: “He’s the one you have to get on.” Bradley exchanged glances with Steele.
Second, the initial drop in firearm deaths in the decade after the 1996 restrictions were enacted appears to have leveled off.
Then they’ll test their idea on the public.
This time, there are plenty of warnings that the weaknesses of other developed economies could once again make it harder for the Fed to raise domestic interest rates.
“So I’m hitting the road to earn your vote — because it’s your time.
The rule focuses on the enormous market for swaps — the financial contracts that banks and investors use to hedge risks and make wagers.
But going through the crucible of the loss of his oldest son, Beau, to brain cancer made the vice president consider the quest again.
These are medium-size and deeply colored berries, with a richer, earthier flavor than spelt.
On Wednesday, Officer John Denora, 33, woke, dressed and stood shoulder to shoulder with his peers, assembling for yet one more funeral: that of Officer Randolph Holder.
Should First Data succeed in going public, its stock sale is likely to be one of the biggest of the year, one that has so far been relatively quiet for I.P.O.s.
NRG Energy also disappointed investors, reporting a loss, when analysts had been expecting a small profit.
After the broker is done with the sales spiel, summarize the product as you understand it.
Maclin was hurt in Sunday’s loss in Minnesota.
It is $18.2 billion — not $95 billion, which is how much hedge fund assets have grown so far this year.
“There is no team Isles fans hate more than the Rangers.
Der Standard in Austria praised the singing and the vast production, while Der Spiegel said the pacing was a problem.
But these are exceptions to the rule of conspicuously lovely and fresh presentations.
Are you going to do this forever?
— The New York Herald, European Edition, Feb. 16, 1915
Sundays are the chance to tackle more labor-intensive repairs and get a full reading on what the course needs.
Residents of the 158 condominium units have both a private lobby and access to the hotel’s white-glove amenities, which include a spa, health club and roof deck.
James’s father, Henry, was a migrant farmer who found work on a potato farm.
••• But that has proved to be a challenge both for railroads and regulators , in part because of the complexity of the technology, which provides real-time information to locomotives, engineers and train dispatchers about train speed and location.
Policyholders may not perceive any of this.
There may be bartering ahead, along with many trans-Atlantic calls to place.
We did what we had to do to survive.
Even more impressive than the views is the fact that the doctors have managed to hang on to them for so long.
How can I get her to stop?
Hillary Clinton was officially nominated on July 26 at the Democratic Convention.
The longtime Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, a staunch advocate for the city, is gone.
“I’m a block from the beach, I drive an electric car and I just bought a paddleboard,” he said, mocking himself as the California cliché.
The officers say they have no intent in doing anything.
(Last year, it took 85 billionaires to equal that figure.)
Tuesdays through Sundays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Garrison Art Center, 23 Garrison’s Landing.
China’s large export sector had been complaining bitterly until very recently, as the currency’s link to the strengthening dollar meant that the renminbi gained considerably against the stumbling euro and Japanese yen.
Vincent, Finally | 5 p.m. A rare treasure hides in the little Musée Angladon: one of the few van Gogh paintings in Provence.
Alas, the one thing I would have paid for, I couldn’t: the overcast, drizzly weather I encountered in late February.
But the Fed said it still planned a hike by the end of the year.
If she moves, will her new boss turn out to be a jerk?
In the 1940s and ’50s, the populist general upended Argentina’s class structure by championing the country’s downtrodden.
Since then, some safety procedures have been curtailed, because safety inspectors were among those already laid off, mine workers said in recent interviews.
From the moment Nadal arrived on Wednesday, he has been logging the hours on the main Philippe Chatrier Court and swatting the ball with the intensity of a man who is not simply tuning up for the real thing but trying to make significant gains in practice.
“Six months ago there was a swagger in Midland, and now that swagger is gone.” Mr. Pruett’s company had six rigs running in early December but now has only three.
“People are used to growth and rising living standards,” said Jonathan Fenby, an author and co-founder of the research firm Trusted Sources.
; Sundays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Elle Design Studio, 1 Main Street.
plant might be flawed, casting further doubt on the timeline for the facility.
While fresh produce is a cornerstone of its traditional cuisine, so are animal products like butter, cream, lamb and pork.
For a while, it even looked as if the cathedral’s rare book collection might be sold to the Folger Shakespeare Library here.
Ross Hutchins, a retired doubles specialist who became the ATP’s vice president for player relations last year, is encouraging doubles partners to stick together longer so that fans can develop a connection with them.
It is not only facts that need rigor; fiction needs it badly.”
The change was a challenge; initially employees were “like crack addicts as the box was buzzing,” he said.
“Once we adjust for social status, we are doing much better than we think,” Professor Carnoy told me.
Someone said, ‘What are the chances that 40 years later, all 16 people are alive?’ What’s more perfect than that?”
If you light up housing developments, are you less likely to have crime?
Many middle-class families zoned for high-poverty schools send their children to charter schools or gifted and talented programs , rather than to a local school.
Later, Arsenal beat visiting Everton, 2-1, to move into first.
Should be a good one.
And in 1972 Mayor John V. Lindsay recruited him to mediate a far more volatile city-neighborhood dispute, in Forest Hills, Queens, where middle-class families were trying to block construction of low-income public housing.
Jenni Lowe-Anker, Mr. Anker’s wife and the widow of his mentor, Alex Lowe , understands the draw of danger so well that she didn’t plan to fall for another climber.
IRVINGTON Irvington Town Hall Theater Tune-Up Chorus, participatory chorus experience.
Three years after Japanese Olympic organizers selected a vast, sleek stadium design by a prominent Iraqi-British architect for the centerpiece venue of the 2020 Summer Games, the government announced on Friday that it would scrap the plan and start over because of spiraling costs.
The new clips of Mr. Romney — often surrounded by his sons and grandchildren — come as the former governor of Massachusetts and 2012 Republican presidential nominee considers a third run for the White House.
“Because no further action was taken from those three arrests, we had no grounds to instigate any disciplinary action against Mr. Roper,” Ms. Kwan said.
You know you’ve missed it.
I did it in one match, and then it kept going and kept going and kept going.” Williams, who had no problem winning before she started wearing headphones during her match entrances, said she felt that listening to music helped her prepare for matches.
When individually designated a landmark, any alterations would be considered in the context of the appearance of the building itself, which is largely unchanged from the days of the riots.
I went out and bought a truck.
5 Photos View Slide Show › Apart from the former administration building, these floors constitute the last large block of unimproved space at the terminal.
마텔이 DC코믹스와 함께 개발해 내년 출시 예정인 “DC 슈퍼히어로 걸스” 시리즈는 육아 블로거들 사이에서 호평을 받았다.
Sunday’s attack on Maiduguri, which has a population of two million, coincided with a visit by Secretary of State John Kerry.
‘Black Angels Over Tuskegee’ The tear-jerker story of these trailblazing African-American pilots (2:30).
The Chicago Teachers Union has voted overwhelmingly to authorize its leaders to call a strike, a move that clears the way for the union’s second walkout in four years and delivers another pressing political challenge for Mayor Rahm Emanuel.
But the mother of the third boy is very sensitive and will be upset if we don’t include them.
In January Rachel Rossin hosted a one-night event at Signal in Bushwick that featured one of her virtual reality projects, and now she is showing another such piece along with her near abstract paintings.
Ovens in winter?” Dror Azarzar wrote.
We made some mistakes that put the team under pressure.” Australia’s defensive effort, with flanker Michael Hooper and No.8 David Pocock performing their usual heroics at the breakdown, was rewarded with nine minutes to go when the two veteran wingers combined for the decisive try.
The M6 propellant was usually purchased by coal mining companies, but in recent years the demand from the coal industry began to dry up.
Alcor’s antifreeze, once pumped through the blood vessels, transitions into a glassy substance before ice can form and do damage.
This is a continuous Trump rally that happens on Twitter at all hours.
He talks about issues in broad strokes, believes in delegating and sometimes mangles his English.
How Chester Greenwood Became Known as the Inventor of Earmuffs.” Note that subtitle: Greenwood was not, in fact, the first person to make and market the devices.
Donald J. Trump once again charged that the government of Mexico is purposely sending immigrants into the United States — he called them “the bad ones” — and charged that American leaders are taking them because they are “stupid.” But he provided no evidence for that charge, other than to suggest that border patrol agents and others he deals with say it is happening.
“You Lied to Me About Centralia” WITH: Mickey Theis (Jim) and Megan Bartle (Betty).
— Would you rather the government err on the side of protecting an individual’s right to own a gun or the public’s health and safety?
They are also 13th in total yards allowed per game.
On his first mixtape, in 2011, he was adapting Houston slowness as one of many ways to expand the possibilities of New York hip-hop.
Lloyd’s third goal was particularly memorable, coming from near the halfway line.
“Everything you know about advertising — chuck it,” said Laura Desmond , chief executive of the media agency the Starcom MediaVest Group .
Why go the 3-D route?
The technologies pushing rapid changes in transportation are similar to those altering much of the rest of the world: sensors, smartphones and software.
a plane crash, election results, the death of a major figure — the decision to send a news alert is easy.
The latest prayer controversy in Bologna emerged after priests began their Lenten ritual of canvassing their parishes, carrying supplies of consecrated water, in order to offer Easter blessings to shops, offices and individual homes.
“Of course, overall debt increased, but it did not increase disproportionately for the poor, and not at distorted debt-to-income levels,” she said.
Once primarily nurses and social workers, they can now be what Mr. Baker calls “care managers in name only.
Last season’s team was defined by its stingy defense.
A. Oh, that’s a tough one!
But the German carmaker push for growth in the United States has stalled and its profit margins remain far behind the Japanese giant’s.
(APPLAUSE) If Iran changes its behavior, the restrictions would be lifted.
He remembers catching porgy and watching it cook on the grill.
Packages are $65 and $99.
As Riedl explained it, the trouble with speculators is that they “flip, flip, flip,” and the piece “becomes like a musical chair.
Broker: Michael Guttman, Rosewood Realty Group RECENT LEASE $48/SQUARE FOOT $281,568 approximate annual rent 463 Seventh Avenue (at West 35th Street) Manhattan A leather outerwear company has taken a five-year lease for a 5,866-square-foot expansion on the eighth floor of this 22-story 1925 building in the garment district.
One was for cars in Germany and the other was for a Japanese beauty product.
“You have to remember that we’ve been through an extended period where there wasn’t a lot of volatility in the equity markets, and now we’re just getting back to normalized levels,” she said.
At 16, Ms. Gilbert was living in Washington, D.C., in the home of a friend of her mother’s, where she met other musicians and sang in a folk group called the Priority Ramblers.
Prevailing wages are often equal to or not far below union pay rates, so ending them is seen by Republicans as a way to further diminish the power of unions.
Jeremy Sams provides the English adaptation, and Andrew Davis conducts.
But much of the speculation turned out to be unfounded.
The closest approach to Christian imagery was a large drawing that portrayed a dragon-conquering woman beneath a halo.
Legend has it that on your first day there you made a significant discovery.
Measles is in our county!” and asked people with symptoms to wear masks before entering.
For the three months ended March 31, the British bank reported a profit of £944 million, down from £1.16 billion in the first quarter of 2014.
But the Democrats would not be so friendly if she were to get the nomination.
I like to sit on that side of the table.” 8.
— Louise (@LouiseMcWilliam) 24 Jun 15 and this: So the Times used to have a reporter assigned to the race beat (@tanzinavega).
The ensemble barely masks the Rock’s explosive musculature.
The danger is that policy makers could drag their feet and fail to muster the support to fix problems quickly, before the next crisis.
At the beginning of “Don Giovanni,” a masked man breaks into a woman’s room in the middle of the night.
One of the older estates, it has been in business more than 30 years.
Peninsula Public Library, 280 Central Avenue.
When he was part of the enemy team, he and his fellow conspirators were hatching their stories at bars in Little Rock and, if they were lucky, getting a little viral bump from Matt Drudge.
Broadway Theater, 1681 Broadway, at 53rd Street, 212-239-6200, telecharge.com.
She reportedly wiped away tears after hearing that some member states supported an alternative to the W.H.O.
Trêve had been fighting foot and back problems, but she recovered and won a second Arc as Dettori watched from atop the also-ran Ruler of the World.
Researchers had treated that 50 percent chance as the definition of a random outcome.
By then Mr. Kerkorian was focused on the biggest gamble of his career: an effort to take over the Chrysler Corporation.
Few Oscar forecasters thought the film, which tells the story of Chris Kyle, a Navy SEAL who shot his way to 160 confirmed kills in Iraq, had a chance for best picture.
“We can bug homes and track cars and confiscate computers.
“There was a transition period.
In March, experts renewed their calls for action , frustrated with the lack of acknowledgement by federal wildlife agencies that this was an urgent issue.
We’re always looking at real estate.
NYACK Museum of the Historical Society of the Nyacks “Toys of the Past: Our Childhood Memories.” Through Feb. 28.
No matter how many points they win by, Patriots usually go out of their way to praise opponents.
Anyone who saw Mr. Graham rush through his opening statement in the Voters First Forum in New Hampshire on Monday knows that will be a welcome change.
At least once, the government turned down a request for a meeting, people briefed on the matter said.
But he has written advance obituaries as a freelancer, including that of Mr.
That said, I’ll always be a huge Flo Rida fan, and I’m glad Will gave me the opportunity to include one of his songs in a crossword.
George Yancy is a professor of philosophy at Duquesne University.
Alpha, which is based in Bristol, Va., suffered four straight years of losses in large part because most of its business is in Appalachia, where mining operations tend to be more expensive than in other parts of the country.
A United States Senator this week raised concerns about dietary supplements that claim to protect against dementia and Alzheimer’s disease and urged 15 major companies and retailers to explain why they sell dubious supplements.
But when the researchers examined annual syrup production, they realized that weather data alone could not consistently explain wide fluctuations in yields from year to year.
The Warriors were a different team, of course, with different personnel and a different coach.
Those who did notice gave it a sustained look.
The report’s executive summary said that companies continue to see growth opportunities but that “challenges in China are on the rise, with a significant uptick in the number of companies reporting that the quality of China’s investment environment is deteriorating.” The report recommended that policy makers in Washington and Beijing continue to pursue a bilateral investment treaty, which some American executives say they hope will help remove significant barriers to the Chinese market.
“Who represents the growing television industry and the growing content creation industry?” Ms. Oliver asked, voicing a question that is now being examined by the M.P.A.A.’s member companies.
Ms. Kelly, an energetic and engaging actress whose portrayal of the fiery busybody Maddy was at the center of the show, left after Season 2, but “Wolfblood” (a British Academy nominee for best children’s show in both of those seasons) didn’t suffer.
It’s actually something you may try when you’re eating your chicken hot, too.
Online, she discovered that there was a mosque near her home.
On one side of the net Monday was Lleyton Hewitt, playing in his final Wimbledon.
The recent heartbreak — the Nationals lost to St. Louis and San Francisco in division series in 2012 and 2014 after winning the N.L.
(Mr. Shawn was succeeded by Robert Gottlieb, who had been an editor at Knopf.)
That’s where I met my first mentor, who was responsible for probably one of the most important things that ever happened in my life.
None of the transcribed interviews the panel has conducted have occurred in public.
Now it’s once again the place where strong forces are colliding, and where the culture’s uncertainties — about Islam, secularism, nationalism, Europe; about modernity itself — suggest that new ones might soon be born.
Then there are the former governors, who may be stronger.
(Anderson) Toro y Moi (Friday) After morphing his lo-fi bedroom project into an inventive, smoothly professional touring band, the Toro y Moi frontman Chaz Bundick takes a hairpin turn on the new album “What For?” Blips of electronic effects and his tinny, two-bit vocals supplant previously warm guitar textures; the result is smart and airy electropop with giddily danceable hooks and a pronounced funk undercurrent.
(Collins-Hughes) ‘Zorba’ (performances start on Wednesday) If you’re still mourning the closing of “Cabaret” on Broadway and can’t quite content yourself with “Chicago” or “The Visit,” you can get your Kander and Ebb fix with the Encores!
And the number of Americans who think Mrs. Clinton has strong qualities of leadership has risen by eight percentage points, to 65 percent from 57 percent, in that period.
But look at it this way — my dances have absorbed millions of words.
Besides her son Gustavo, she is survived by another son, Hector, and four grandchildren.
9 Florida State (25-3, 12-2 A.C.C.)
In any case, while mainstream cinema continues to revel in juvenilia, something else is also happening: the graying of American movies.
■ Jocelyne Lamoureux, Kacey Bellamy and Kendall Coyne scored power-play goals in the first period, and the United States opened the women’s world hockey championships with a 4-2 victory over Canada in Malmo, Sweden.
It’s reassuring to know that they’re thinking about clothes.
That gives buyers the chance to push down prices.” As Germans know well from their history before and after reunification, moreover, shame and resentment stir deep political currents.
Press has never been tied down by one style or genre of decorating.
payments, Greece will again become eligible for financial assistance from the fund.
On Wednesday, some military officials had maintained some hope that the victims of the crash would be found alive.
In Miami, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida joined a growing field of presidential contenders, and Hillary Rodham Clinton made her way to Iowa, with stops for lunch, in a van.
There’s Maybelle’s virtuosic ability to play rhythm and lead guitar simultaneously; June’s flair for comedy; Janette’s Saturday-night hoedowns at the Carter Family Fold, where neither drunkenness nor dirty dancing was allowed.
VIENNA Vienna State Opera A mysterious, 300-year-old opera singer with a dwindling supply of the elixir of life is at the center of Janacek’s 1926 opera “The Makropulos Case.” Peter Stein directed the company’s production, and Jakub Hrusa will conduct.
“The president is absolutely committed that we have no cuts for this program,” Ms. Campello said.
Tackling the food waste dilemma requires an all-hands-on-deck approach.
What we would consider a normal game, guys today think it’s brutal.
He also had eight of the Warriors’ 18 turnovers as the Celtics, especially Avery Bradley, made it difficult for him all night.
With the help of a sportswriter friend, Auster sought to put his ideas into practice, and he found a willing partner in the independent Atlantic League, which has made the pace of play a signature issue.
As part of its latest proposal, Anheuser-Busch InBev also agreed to pay a $3 billion fee to SABMiller in the event that the deal failed to receive regulatory approval, the companies said.
Senate leaders, after personal intercessions by President Obama, reached an agreement Wednesday on a path to grant the president accelerated power to complete a sweeping trade accord ringing the Pacific Ocean — just a day after fellow Democrats had blocked him.
That’s what Chris Boerner and Erin Layton are attempting in the Off Broadway Family Theater’s first production, le Clanché du Rand’s adaptation of C. S. Lewis’s classic novel.
Proving malpractice requires showing that the legal advice was faulty and harmed the client.
Ms. Clarke, the Legal Services lawyer, said survivors never received information about the 60-day rule.
Insight and practical common sense pervade his new book, and reading it reminded me of hearing him speak: He’s ever thoughtful and ­loquacious, but he doesn’t answer any questions he doesn’t want to.
• Alternate-side parking : in effect today, but suspended tomorrow.
Mr. Beck’s pro-European views drew him to like-minded activists and intellectuals across the continent.
Now, perhaps fed up with the lack of progress the odd couple is making, the show is jumping the gun.
And yet, he added, something vital here works.
No one’s selling out of the pieces, to be frank.
The title characters, “small, shaggy monsters” of extraterrestrial origin, would communicate via “a rather unique musical sound” — to be created on an electronic synthesizer by the pioneering musician Raymond Scott.
He continued to perform in New York nightclubs well into his 70s.
After an environmental report, there will be a public hearing.
“After I thought about it, I was glad it was cops who broke in.” Armed thugs might not have been so friendly.
Paul Walker drives a minivan and trades kicks with Tony Jaa.
Maria Sharapova reached the semifinals of the WTA Finals and sent Flavia Pennetta, this year’s United States Open champion, into retirement with a 7-5, 6-1 win on Thursday in Singapore.
Mr. Navin and his brother, William, owned and operated the trash-hauling business together.
Even the Communist Party’s main anticorruption body, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, has in a roundabout way acknowledged the significance of graft-inspired humor, saying that such jokes indicate a dangerous gap between officialdom and the public.
So we’re looking for a solution, hopefully, with 21 total paychecks, as many as possible above 24.
Her father retired as a trauma surgeon at San Francisco General Hospital and as a professor of surgery at the University of California, San Francisco.
They were also, as he makes clear, closely linked by class, rank and often marriage to the aristocratic elite that predominated in most European governments.
The Olympics, though, would be a rough equivalent of holding a Boston Marathon for 17 consecutive days.
The third floor has a third bedroom, as well as an office with a built-in desk and a door opening to a roof deck.
The area from Puerto Vallarta to Manzanillo , which are major cargo ports, and including Guadalajara inland, is forecast to see the worst of it.
The rehearsal had gone well and now the dancers just needed to focus on taking care of their bodies for the coming season, he told them later as they sat around him on the stage, stretching and massaging their muscles with foam rollers.
The new fund, called the Y Combinator Continuity Fund, will be run by Ali Rowghani, a former Twitter executive who joined Y Combinator as a part-time partner last year.
He said it would be “as if the exchange were taking place in 2005.” He did claim, however, that Argentina would offer some extra money, such as all the accrued interest on the discounted bonds since 2005.
Though Vanessa was only two and a half years older than Virginia, she took on a maternal role for her and their two brothers in 1895, after their mother’s death, when Vanessa was not yet 16.
Tuesdays through Fridays, 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, 1 to 4:30 p.m. William Benton Museum of Art, University of Connecticut, 245 Glenbrook Road.
The report – which documents war crimes and their effects on civilians – nicely demonstrates the positive contributions advocacy groups can make by committing themselves to news production.
Wednesdays through Fridays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, 11 a.m. to 5p.m.
In England, there are no significant requirements for clubs to provide news media access — at least not in comparison with prominent leagues in the United States — and there is no strong union or association of journalists that has been able to push for more availability.
But if the optics were boring (and they were, a bit, especially against a background of CNN blue), that does not mean there lacked method or meaning in the choices.
ASHA BANDELE Brooklyn The writer is the author of “The Prisoner’s Wife: A Memoir .”
After 10 minutes, Ms. Wiles declared he was losing focus.
Mr. Obama has pushed back against opposition to the deal and on Tuesday said that Ms. Warren misunderstood the facts.
That’s largely because most energy company stock is held by big institutional investors like BlackRock and Fidelity, whose managers are unlikely to use their portfolios to advance moral or social agendas.
I think it’s way, way overblown.
The brewer said that revenue, minus the impact of currency translation, increased 6 percent in the quarter, driven by gains in Latin America and Africa.
Mrs. Clinton has gone through this cycle many times, which leads to headlines like “The Making of Hillary 5.0” and “Re-re-re-introducing Hillary Clinton.” Consider, for instance, a recent column by The Washington Post’s Dana Milbank, who criticized her for “the latest of many warm-and-fuzzy makeovers — perhaps the most transparent phoniness since Al Gore discovered earth tones.” He calls for Mrs. Clinton to “shed those who orchestrate these constant makeovers” so she can “be spontaneous — and regain some semblance of her authentic self.” This advice isn’t likely to be any more helpful than it was when Mr. Milbank gave it to the 2012 presidential contender Tim Pawlenty (“Republicans should hope Pawlenty finds his authentic voice”).
The gala follows on Tuesday, with cocktails at 5:30 p.m., the performance at 7 and a dinner at 9.
“We appreciate the police and the important role they play in fighting terrorism, but we want them to stay out of religious affairs,” Abdessalem Atwi, the secretary general of the Union of Preachers, said during a recent protest outside the ministry.
“The final result is a recognition that everybody paid attention,” Mr. Puente said.
The interplay of all the different kinds of warming going on in the Pacific at the moment can be difficult to sort out and, as with the recent hurricane, attributing a weather event to a single cause is unrealistic.
Mr. Golper has a second, almost as beloved scraper that he reserves for mousse.
With a debut in 2014, this self-described “burlesque-postmodern-dance-theater-bad-improv performance” claims a kinship with other artists from the City of Brotherly Love who take a raw, and decidedly more sisterly, look at female sexuality.
Modeled with the help of 3-D printing, the sculptures are then cast in steel or concrete.
Though the ark survived, it needed major surgery.
They can classify personality types, and have started being able to carry out conversations with appropriate emotional tenor.
Madison Keys is absolutely locked in on the Grandstand court, breaking at love to take the first set 6-3.
Before smartphones put a developing booth in everyone’s pocket, affordable portable cameras loosed amateur photographers upon the world.
“Welcome to the new Noma,” the chef René Redzepi said on a bright summer day.
My days in Disneyland helped cure my sickness, not because of any profound (or even basic) medical provision, but because it reminded me that the bloods of happiness are thicker than the waters of discontent.
As Ada and Siam draw nearer to Alice, the continually off-screen object of their quest, and as time runs out to find the vanished children in the world above, ­Maguire closes in on some big, haunting ideas himself, about the loss of loved ones and religious faith, about cultural and romantic subjugations, and about the evolutionary value of imagination.
HAPPY PLACE Around 10, I get into bed.
This song is against the criminal life that people thought they advocated.
After a nationwide manhunt, he was found in Bethlehem, Pa., where he had shoplifted a sandwich from a Wegmans supermarket.
“I regret to inform all who loved him that during the avalanche on Everest early this morning our Dan suffered from a major head injury and didn’t make it,” she wrote.
“As we align Barclays around our three priorities — focus on core (segments and markets), generating shareholder value, and instilling a high-performance culture with strong ethical values — we now have a forward agenda that has been discussed and agreed with Mr. Staley,” John McFarlane, the Barclays chairman, said in a news release on Thursday.
Both Mr. Macri and Mr. Scioli must attract more voters, especially those who opted for Sergio Massa, a former ally of Mrs. Kirchner who took 21.3 percent of the vote, and those who supported small leftist parties.
But it was Wawrinka who looked at home from the start, taking early break leads in the second and third sets.
Indeed, the Shabak had begun watching the settler fringe, particularly in the Hebron area, where extremists lionized Baruch Goldstein, who had slaughtered 29 Palestinians at worship in February 1994.
“We create ghosts to explain the inexplicable,” he said.
“We need to convince them this not a tax increase but a tax shift,” using revenue from a carbon tax to reduce, say, the Social Security payroll tax , while keeping the overall tax burden roughly the same.
I loved the singing part.
It will be the latest game in the Halo series, one of the biggest in the industry, with more than $3.5 billion in global sales, almost the global box-office take of the “Fast & Furious” movie series.
Time ticked on as they gazed at the arrangements in wonder.
He will be another offensive piece to work in the front court with Zach Randolph but he will need to work on his defense to fit with the team’s grit-and-grind style.
She took a birth control pill every day.
The Karl and Helen Burger Gallery at Kean University, 1000 Morris Avenue.
All three seemed unconcerned by the fact that on the surrounding white walls they could be examined, up close, totally nude.
Mr. Foley is a son of George D. Foley of College Station, Tex., and the late Maryursula W. Foley.
But he sets the air-conditioning so low that my fingers are freezing by 10 a.m.
He said he was pleased that Francis had chosen Ecuador for his first visit to a Spanish-speaking country in the region (Francis previously visited Brazil, where Portuguese is spoken).
Mr. Hardy was found guilty of a range of crimes — including racketeering, distribution of cocaine, attempted murder, conspiracy, kidnapping and robbery — several of which could carry life sentences.
This hybrid of media creation and activism may end up being one of the lasting legacies of Ferguson and the death of Mr. Brown.
The more than 25 activities offered have consistently sold out, including the Dockside Festival, where many of the popular spots set up tasting stalls so visitors — about 700 last year — can sample a bit of everything.
RECENT SALE $6.09 MILLION 360-368 East Gun Hill Road (at Decatur Avenue) Norwood, Bronx A local investor has bought this two-story building, built in 1922, on the southeast corner.
I’m not finishing first on that.
The Hotel Parador, closer to the medina, has a similar vibe, but draws more out-of-towners, including a motorcycle convention when we were there.
But the BBC said that the Queen and other senior members of the royal household were told of the name before it was announced publicly.
Attendance at the scheduled gatherings can range from a handful of regulars to more than 150 people.
The restaurant’s menu, which is written on a chalkboard behind the ice cream counter, changes seasonally.
At 8 p.m., Merkin Concert Hall, 129 West 67th Street, Manhattan, 212-501-3330, kaufmanmusiccenter.org/mch.
Mike Moustakas ended an 0-for-18 drought with a homer to right field with Kendrys Morales aboard during the same inning.
Many veterans, having paid so dearly for freedom, were troubled to come back from the war, only to find a new economy, dominated by industrial barons, quite a few of whom had paid substitutes to do their army service.
Both cities where the vote was canceled had fallen under rebel control last year but were recaptured by the Ukrainian military, and Sunday would have been the first opportunity for citizens to express their views in an election.
Stretching from Geometric Period bronze horses to Roman mosaics, they include several impressive Hellenistic statuettes.
People needed to see it live, and Tanaka, the right-handed pitcher who sneered at the surgical knife last summer, put his ability on display Thursday with striking resolve.
But if you basically agree with Perry and Walker on the issues and end up throwing your support to Carson or Trump instead, you’re doing politics all wrong.
Mr. Huxley , a beautiful classical stylist who has often seemed too guarded in the past, has been finding a new forthrightness.
The standard, however, is the problem.
Also at the Highline: the Bad Plus with the saxophonist Joshua Redman, as on a forthcoming Nonesuch Records release (June 10); the harmonica player Grégoire Maret, with the vocalist Lizz Wright (June 15); and the soprano Alicia Hall Moran, with her husband, the pianist Jason Moran (June 12).
Her failure to do so until now had been a blow to her ambition to extend her party’s influence.
Elsewhere, Valencia drew, 1-1, at Celta Vigo, and Villarreal drew, 1-1, at Malaga.
M. Poincaré, together with all the members of the Cabinet, and the majority of Senators and Deputies, will take part in the procession, as will also the members of the Diplomatic Corps in Paris.
After years of being lobbied by Mr. Smith, the department is planting 10 trees near the beach in O’Donohue Park, where Mr. Smith has organized a dedication on Memorial Day.
Beatrice, who speaks of recent deaths in her life, talks about her “suffocating dreams,” where “the end really means the end.” She feels caught “between two worlds,” she says, and the dreams won’t allow her to step into either one.
Mr. Bernanke has tried to make a similar argument in interviews before, but never so clearly or emphatically, nor has he acknowledged so directly that he and Mr. Paulson agreed on what to say publicly in the days after Lehman’s collapse.
“It’s a way to promote our lifestyle, which is completely in line with nature,” the mayor of Siena, Bruno Valentini, said serenely while machines hastily cleaned the cobblestones in Piazza del Campo, soon after the cowboys had paid their homage to him and to the local authorities.
Stocks added to gains from Monday, as reports from Europe suggested that Greece’s proposals for budget savings appeared to have won initial approval from the nation’s creditors.
G.E.’s path is a tough one to follow.
A public design competition for the national World War I Memorial that is underway will be supported through a private donation of $2.5 million, and the memorial’s construction budget has been capped at $20 million to $25 million.
New Horizon’s transmitter is not powerful enough, but a 70-meter radio dish at NASA’s Goldstone Deep Space Communications Complex in California will be aimed at Pluto, and its pings of radio waves will bounce off Pluto to a receiver on New Horizons.
“But even such a serious subject can be perceived in a new way.
Mr. Bush, 61, a figure indelibly linked to the Republican Party’s past, seems determined to offer himself as an intellectual midwife of its future — a break from the party’s struggle to win over minority voters and the kind of ideological infighting, on display Tuesday when conservatives tried to oust Speaker John A. Boehner, that Mr. Bush could face in primaries.
The performance formed part of a promising partnership, now entering its second year, between the Jewish Museum and the new-music collective Bang on a Can.
Drilling and exploration companies were the biggest benefactors.
But not all the ventures were successful and some of them proved controversial, enmeshing him in lawsuits and bad publicity.
The intense violence leading up to the cease-fire suggested both the Houthi-led forces and the Saudis had unfulfilled military goals.
I can take no credit for the brilliant clue for 1-Across.
Meanwhile, Mark Ronson’s “Uptown Funk” has extended its run as the No.
The soprano Angela Meade , who sang Elvira when “Ernani” was last at the Met in 2012 , again brought plush sound, unforced power and sumptuous beauty to the role.
There were plenty of surprises in the “Coming to America” section: that World’s Fairs in 1876 (Philadelphia) and 1893 (Chicago) attracted many Arabs and some of them stayed; or that there are records of Arabic-speaking slaves in colonial America.
“He can defend a status quo that’s failed the middle class by vetoing the bill, or he can work toward a new beginning and better care by signing it.” The Senate bill is a special form of legislation known as a budget reconciliation measure, which is not subject to a filibuster and therefore does not require 60 votes to end debate.
“But I’ll keep on calling for it.” For now, the barriers are one incentive for wealthier parents from Henan and similar parts to send children abroad, if they cannot secure a place at a prestigious Chinese campus.
“All these years, I have done this for God,” he says.
Mr. Niccolini then reached through an opening in the back of her dress and tugged on her bra until it ripped, touched her breasts, yanked up her dress and tried to pull down her stockings, the complaint said.
Perhaps realizing the price alone might cause users to lose sleep, Withings recently decided to offer the bedside base separately.
“But we are a secular society and alcohol has always been consumed here.” The Kosovo War of 1998 and 1999 left this region, once part of Yugoslavia, divided between Christian Serbs and Muslim Albanians.
Over the weekend, people camped out in front of some Apple stores to buy the new iPhones, a trend that has become something of a tradition.
So I’m very comfortable, actually, in this environment.
God is watching (as Dolores believes) or he is not (as handsome Harry Albert says), or he takes more of an interest in us (as the Italian shopkeeper says) if we ­“acquire new vices” as we age.
“There’s a major adjustment period,” said Jeff Thrope, a creative consultant (and former contributor to T Magazine) who moved from New York.
Fabio Fognini has won the third and fourth sets, and looks to have the momentum.
The Palestinian assailant was killed hours later in what police described as a shootout.
Although it should be said that the Redskins did not so much win the division as put it out of its misery.
His son Jacob is the current chairman.
The law, approved in November, includes a provision that allows the French authorities to impose what is in effect a travel ban on anyone they suspect of leaving the country for the purpose of engaging in terrorist activities.
“People come to Paris and they focus on the fair,” the New York art adviser Candace Worth said at the Wednesday preview of the 42nd edition of FIAC at the Grand Palais.
At the same time, Republicans are pushing to slash assistance programs like Medicaid at the federal level and gutting home-based care and other services in Ohio that offset at least some of the tremendous medical and financial burdens placed on families of children with disabilities.
Included in the gift is intent to contribute additional artworks in the future, Mr. Barnes said.
Dong-joo still is a major shareholder in key Lotte companies, and each brother has threatened to take the other to court.
Indeed, one account issued by the North Korean news agency described how the marchers “paid tribute” to the despotic Kim dynasty.
Perhaps my not having pleased anyone in this contentious matter best validates my conclusions.” An email message to Sheriff Shoar seeking his comment was not returned.
Here are excerpts from selected responses, lightly edited for clarity.
And while the engineer had ordered the demolition work halted until the building could be shored up, Mr. Chandler said, the city had not been informed of that development and had not issued any stop-work orders.
He was a loner, a huge book collector, and he was obsessed with competing with Yves Saint Laurent when he was designing at Chloé, way pre-Chanel.
That turned out to be the U.S. dollar.
Even on the most romantic tree-lined blocks, it’s not uncommon to see decrepit enclosures or exposed trash cans sitting in front of upscale townhouses and apartment buildings that have nowhere else to put them.
She worried he would come back to this apartment building and try to get revenge, even though we live in SoHo and he proclaimed to live in the Bronx, and she worried about the person who actually had the phone number she had invented.
Interest rates remain incredibly low: Canada can borrow for 10 years at only 1½ percent, and its 30-year inflation-protected bonds yield less than 1 percent.
Although Iran has as much as $125 billion in frozen assets, the Treasury Department says it will have immediate access to less than $60 billion because much of the money has already been obligated, including for projects in China.
The Panthers continued to press in the third, but it was Cammalleri who scored at 6:44 to put the Devils up, 4-2.
The state government embraced a scientific consensus that earthquakes there are largely caused by the underground disposal of wastewater from oil and gas wells.
The Fed’s march toward an increase still is drawing resistance from some Democrats and liberal groups.
And it is often difficult to distinguish Islamist sentiments and those driven by political hostility toward the United States.
Dealers in antiquities from around the world were contacted to provide all the elements: the massive bolted wooden doors, the gargantuan carved stone fireplaces, narrow spiral staircases, the gargoyles that spout water to fill the plunge pool in the center of the courtyard.
Wednesdays through Fridays, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, 2 to 5 p.m.
“Our regulations are pretty clear as a travel agency: We are required to ask the reason for travel and store that information for at least five years,” Mr. Klee said.
These are excerpts from their conversation.
Others say algorithms reflect and perpetuate human biases.
It was a year when the supporting cast struggled.
Other highlights include former Gov.
Vice insists that it played no role in the ousters.
Oct. 17 at 6:30 p.m. $22 and $27.
His last title, in the top Spanish league, had come with Real Madrid in 2012.
Some women wrote about being pregnant and scared at 15, or living with an abusive man who might harm a child.
They are among more than a dozen people featured in a rogues’ gallery of former Bostonians featured in advertisements and online writings of Americans for Peace and Tolerance.
The Tour of Alberta has drawn such stars as Rohan Dennis and Peter Sagan in its short history.
Botrytis accounts for the most famous sweet wine, Sauternes .
“I really believe someone is going to get killed,” Murphy said.
The developers and landlords can end rent stabilization tomorrow if they would build enough units and end warehousing.
It’s been done pretty well already .
Michael Roth, the president of Wesleyan University, documented as much in his 2014 book, “Beyond the University: Why Liberal Education Matters.” He noted that Thomas Jefferson exalted learning for learning’s sake, while Ben Franklin registered disdain for people who spent too much time in lecture halls.
Birgitte called Mr. Lehmann immediately.
Divisions by genre, format, or mood may be arbitrary.
The agreement itself would end only when the court finds that the city has achieved and maintained substantial compliance with the terms of the settlement for two years.
“The message is enjoy them while we’ve got them,” said David Witt, Venus Williams’s longtime hitting partner and coach.
Angels catcher Carlos Perez got a big assist in the win, too.
The film’s look is colorful, saturated and bold, encompassing the grandiosity of Los Angeles while also feeling intimate.
Justice Ellen M. Coin of State Supreme Court in Manhattan ruled in December 2011 that the man, Tyrone Howard, was not a suitable candidate for drug treatment because there was evidence that he had taken part in a 2009 gunfight on an East Harlem basketball court that wounded two bystanders, an 11-year-old boy and a 77-year-old man.
While the date of the absolutely oldest card is uncertain, what is believed by many collectors to be the first true mass-produced baseball card was created in 1869 by the Peck & Snyder Sporting Goods Company of 124-128 Nassau Street in Manhattan.
With her consistently high level of play, she has earned the respect of her peers.
“We always say that there are like 16 teams that can win a Slam as you come into a draw.
Revenue declined 4 percent to $15.1 billion in the third quarter, from $15.8 billion in the period a year earlier.
Most of them have already gambled their lives by crossing the Mediterranean in small boats.
A piece that burns bright for a few weeks or months and then exists only in memory, or photographs?
Older donors could enjoy a dividend in health and well-being.
“How many out there waited all night long?” Kathleen Kennedy, the president of Lucasfilm, asked the crowd inside the Anaheim Convention Center as the event began.
In 1971, the author enrolled at Aiglon, a Swiss boarding school, where he roomed with another sixth grader named Cesar Augustus, who claimed to be the son of a high-ranking official in Ferdinand Marcos’s government.
The report concluded that it was “more probable than not that Brady was at least generally aware of the inappropriate activities.” In our phone conversation, I asked Brady whether he preferred a harder, fully inflated football or a softer, less inflated one.
Mary, a patient on the hospice ward of a hospital, was so agitated she couldn’t hold still or sleep.
A scowling woman closed in on me and my son, Nico, in the produce section.
The company has invested considerable effort toward recovering and ultimately reusing the first stages in the hope of significantly cutting the cost of rocket launchings.
“The challenge in the context of a trade agreement is how to address the issue in a way that helps and doesn’t hurt,” he said.
The website SB Nation had reported a few days before the fight that Mayweather took an intravenous vitamin injection the day before he fought Pacquiao.
Part of Berkshire’s business strategy has been to be a friendly “home of choice for the owners and managers of many outstanding businesses.” As a result, Berkshire has been able to acquire family-run businesses at lower prices than they might command from other companies.
Others advocate a mixed approach and said income taxes should be on the table.
One year after Mayor Bill de Blasio fumbled Staten Island Chuck , prompting international headlines and possible groundhog unrest, common sense and responsible animal medicine at last dictated a new way.
In one room, 40 vitrines display arrangements of found objects like volcanic stones, ferns and leaden objects in the shape of anatomical organs.
Though they still have a hard time talking about the past, his mother went to Housing Works to lend her support.
“Water heals a lot of things,” she said, conducting an interview while still immersed in the hot tub.
A separate door leads to a three-bedroom apartment with a media room and massage and steam rooms, said Ana Lilia Buendia, a sales associate with Agave Sotheby’s International Realty, which has the listing.
“Iran, under the auspices of the Syrian Army, is attempting to build a second terrorist front against us from the Golan Heights,” he said, according to a transcript released by his office.
The policies seem less vulnerable to the critiques that have endangered support for past Democratic initiatives.
“When you have so many people onstage, it’s like an orchestra: Whoever has the loudest instrument or the instrument out of tune, they’ll get noticed.” Which is why, Mr. Madden and others said, second-tier candidates like Carly Fiorina and Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky might eventually follow the lead of Mr. Trump in crafting provocative statements to get maximum attention.
Without much information about the relationship between the writer and the visual artist of “Foirades/Fizzles,” Piehole took its clues from their body language.
They tested each man’s aerobic fitness in the laboratory.
He said he would think about staying in Turkey if he could make more money and have a chance at citizenship.
Goldman was selected after a “mini tender competition” in December among a group of banks seeking to advise the Irish government on its stake.
Alabama running back Derrick Henry, Clemson quarterback Deshaun Watson and Stanford’s Christian McCaffrey are the finalists for the Heisman Trophy.
When the activists marched in Pyongyang on Saturday, North Korean women in colorful traditional dresses lined a boulevard waving red and pink paper flowers, according to North Korean television footage.
“New music has to be part of the future of music,” Clive Gillinson , Carnegie’s executive and artistic director, said in an interview.
It almost sounds like a soul song Fatboy Slim would have chopped to blaring pieces 15 years ago.
Some did it for fame and fortune.
Dr. Khersonsky, who had a young son and daughter, thought seriously of joining them.
An online petition signed by 280,000 people propelled its leader, Natalie Bennett, onto a television debate featuring party leaders after the broadcaster initially ignored her.
I went through a four-hour deconstruction process to remove one plate to give a little better proportioning I thought the model deserves.
The initial public anger over the case has given way to a profound cynicism, one that has dragged the president’s poll numbers down to the lowest for any president in two decades.
And the Montreal Canadiens announced recently that they were entering a partnership with the C.W.H.L.’s Montreal Stars.
And they like warm weather.
This is the kind of wordplay theme I like as a solver.
Bruce Jenner, the Olympic gold medalist and member of the Kardashian family, ended months of speculation Friday night when he announced during an ABC television special that he identified as a woman and was making the transition from male to female.
Since his hiring, he has been omnipresent, giving quotable interviews , barnstorming the South and even going shirtless in photographs like some Midwestern version of Vladimir Putin.
Shell’s decision gives us all a chance for an Arctic reality check.
After the killing in May, the Chinese authorities began a sweeping crackdown on the sect and claim to have detained hundreds of its members.
“I keep my credit cards empty,” she said, and has set aside funds to deal with any unexpected house repairs.
She finds people who live this way.
“It may have been trial and error.
In Spanish, English and French, with English subtitles.
“Doucet set the tone for Drawn & Quarterly in publishing offbeat and important work by women,” Ms. Chute said.
As a planning commissioner, I say let’s be prudent.
In areas where Shiite militiamen were victorious, if there were populations of Sunnis, there were also reports of human rights abuses by the irregulars.
When you take all opportunities for meaning and engagement out of the work that people do, why would they work, except for the wage?
• A visit from the therapist Susan P. Landon who bills herself an expert on transgender issues.
Then the stunning Russian virtuoso pianist Evgeny Kissin takes the Carnegie stage (8 p.m., Saturday) for a typically demanding program.
has a flying aircraft carrier that uses four downward-facing fans .
But as the law’s opponents face the reality that most Americans like having health care when they are sick, maybe they will change their tactics.
Five nights earlier, I had attended the Canadian Opera Company’s “Don Giovanni,” the North American premiere run of Mr. Tcherniakov’s staging, a coproduction with the Aix-en-Provence Festival, Teatro Real in Madrid and Bolshoi Theater in Moscow.
The lieutenant replied with a reference to a local swamp, writing, “Trust me I’ve thought through MANY SCENARIOUS from planting things to volo bog!!
Again, the wildlife rehabilitation people were unsympathetic.
When the Whitworth Institute and Park, as it was then called, was founded in 1889, in memory of the local industrialist Sir Joseph Whitworth, its location in a park was unusual for an urban gallery.
Under Obamacare, insurers have to offer the same products and charge the same prices to customers of the same age, regardless of their health histories.
He may not return this season.
At the time he told me to beware of gum disease, and maybe something else.
Last year, I extolled the virtues of a heartfelt thank you as the highest form of a teacher gift, and while I stand by that statement, I wanted to offer some really fun (and unusual) ideas for teacher gifts, gifts that will make teachers feel appreciated and make them giggle.
I, for one, am old enough to know that.
After all these years, the darkroom still seduces him.
Он открыл аккаунт «Инфосёрфинга» на YouTube, и я тут же заметил несколько роликов, сделанных в том же стиле, что и анимация про неудачи американской разведки.
The artist Claudia Rankin harnesses the inner world of off-kilter animals in her quirky ceramics.
Mr. Cruz’s standing has risen nationally, and he has emerged as a force in Iowa , leading in one recent survey and securing several important endorsements.
Even if El Niño dumps rain on the state, she added, it might not be in the right places to build up California’s water reserves again.
“We ordered a lot, but we didn’t eat a lot,” he said.
But he went on to victory on a track where overtaking was extremely difficult if not impossible.
Premier Nguyen Cao Ky warned that his government would deal severely with anyone who raised his voice in protest.
In 1985, a university student in London, Ananda wakes “with the usual feeling of dread.” An aspiring poet, he’s homesick for his family in Bombay, driven to rage by his noisy upstairs neighbors, and frustrated that “he was so deprived of sex — disabled through shyness and race-consciousness — so lonely!” Over a single day, this brooding exile wanders the streets, talking and quarreling with his self-aggrandizing uncle, Radhesh, who is well-to-do but lives in squalor.
It will be slightly cooler than yesterday — a high of 79 — but very windy while it’s storming, with gusts up to 29 miles per hour.
” And he, of course, Mr.
BACK STORY When Pope Francis visits the U.S. next week for the first time , his itinerary will include stops in New York and Philadelphia , the birthplaces of the only Roman Catholic saints born in the 13 original American colonies or 50 states.
After that, Ms. Mayer said she believed she could achieve double-digit annual growth by five years.
In a phone interview Monday, Mr. Trump laughed at the suggestion that he read Mr. Bush’s book on immigration.
(Soloski) ‘The Heidi Chronicles’ (in previews; opens on Thursday) Is Elisabeth Moss having it all?
The short, squat creatures that turn up in animated movies may all be starting to run together in your mind, which makes finding a distinctive voice for such characters all the more important.
Then, one day this winter, I looked around my teenager’s room and noticed something was missing.
The following hotel pairs in six European destinations offer intriguing alternatives at either end of the budget spectrum.
Although she played the violin as a teenager, she had always wanted to play the oboe.
At the time he was activated off the disabled list Monday, he was batting .250; he had as many strikeouts as total hits; and his on-base-plus-slugging percentage (.683) was his lowest since his first season in the majors, 2001, when he played eight games.
The women are architects, film industry executives, skin care consultants, product managers at tech companies, psychologists.
This is the ultimate problem with sexual allure as a purported means to power: The power lies in the eye of the beholder, not the beheld.
“No disrespect, I love white dudes,” she continued, warming to the subject of her hiring philosophy.
David Daleiden would only reluctantly talk about himself: “I don’t think I’m the story,” he said by phone on Tuesday.
While still in college in the 1990s, Mr. Rogers was hired to run the Beastie Boys’ website, and among his many tattoos is the logo of NeXT, the computer company that Steve Jobs started after leaving Apple in the 1980s.
But Mr. Stetzer said they are the exceptions.
“Most of the victims are local health workers,” Mr. Rubenstein said.
RAHWAY Union County Performing Arts Center Michael McDermott, singer-songwriter.
“The Chinese government’s wealth is huge.
An Indonesian smuggler said the Australian authorities had stopped his boat at sea and given him and his crew the cash , more than $30,000, to take his cargo of 65 migrants to Indonesia.
La idea no era sólo recaudar más en impuestos, aunque fue un efecto agradable, sino además desalentar a la gente de comprar cigarrillos.
In August, she will resume classes at the City College of San Francisco.
On the other side of the transaction, Beepi sells cars at prices lower than comparable certified used cars at dealerships.
But a company like Vice, whose resources and ambition might be attractive to Simmons, seems roguish enough to suit Simmons’s personality.
In the same time span, the exposure of the older people to heat waves is expected to go up by a factor of 12, according to Peter Cox, one of the authors, who is a professor of climate-system dynamics at the University of Exeter in Britain.
The market remains a conservative one, with little foreign demand for properties in gentrifying or trendy neighborhoods.
Ms. Petrides received a conversion plan that priced her unit at $2.5 million.
But as an artist and a persona, Mr. Wiley may best be described as a combination of Andy Warhol, Norman Rockwell and Jeff Koons.
In a phone interview, Dr. Antony described two forms of perfectionism.
Rattle has never conducted the New York Philharmonic as a guest, some music lovers and industry figures have pointed to his track record in Berlin, with the philharmonic’s combination of musical excellence and innovation , as a pattern that New York might want to follow.
But Mr. Wyden remains unsatisfied, both with the Obama administration and his Republican counterparts.
He clearly didn’t read about the inevitable destiny of the tragic hero; after decades of being revered around the world, he saw his hubris lead to the near collapse of the entire global economy.
It will in fact kill a deal.” None of the officials representing the 12 nations, including the United States, want to see such prohibitions in the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which is near completion, and negotiators working on a follow-up deal with Europe are similarly unenthusiastic.
People ask for pithy put-downs or directions on locking estrangements in place, and I try to woo them from their angry corners.
This is still a relatively rare situation in news articles, but it seems to be arising more often.
It was owned by William L. McKnight, the 3M chairman and philanthropist.
But now, we have gotten to a point where food has become ideological, and where motives are questioned based on results and not methods.
He can also be stubborn at times, reminding his advisers of his long experience with campaigns and government.
METROPOLITAN The Neighborhood Joint article in some editions last Sunday about 30th Street Guitars in Manhattan misstated the surname of a guitar teacher who spends time at the shop.
Larry Kramer and Gay Men’s Health Crisis are coming full circle.
But Mr. Martin-Artajo is in Spain, where a court has refused to extradite him, and Mr. Grout is in France, which typically does not extradite its own citizens.
“There is no timeline for a preliminary investigation,” she said.
These bowlers are known as medium pacers, or derisively as dibbly-dobbly bowlers.
“Justice has to have the appearance of justice,” she said.
She will pack a bag with her drawing kit and will sit in the changing room and draw while I’m in class.
Carol E. Schatz, one of the leaders in pushing for the adaptive reuse policy, and the continued development of downtown through her role as head of the Central City Association of Los Angeles as well as the Downtown Center Business Improvement District, sees the office market as the next logical step in this process.
Several states, including California, New Jersey, Idaho, Montana, Washington and Hawaii, use redistricting commissions, and the court effectively gave them its blessing.
Strong winds fanned the flames racing through a row of shanties nearly half a mile long in a village in Quezon City, a suburb of Manila, before dawn on Thursday, said a local official, Noel Carino.
We used every room in the house: There was someone working out of the living room, someone working out of the family room, and bedrooms were taken over as well.
Thurman Jordan, 40, of East Orange, N.J., was among those who lined up outside City Hall in Newark for a sale of municipally owned vacant lots.
“We have it in us to decide what kind of society we want to live in.” How dry conditions, dead trees and a lengthy drought set the stage for one of the worst fire seasons on record.
The central issues are that Internet polls cannot randomly sample the population the way that randomly dialed phone numbers can — but that response rates to telephone polls have plummeted in recent years, potentially compromising their samples.
In the media and in rooms full of elders, they are deemed apathetic, apolitical and unaware of the history and struggle that preceded them.
“Many of us are happy that we’re able to broker a result such as the one we laid out, and unfortunately, you know, the mayor seems to have a different opinion,” she said.
“I know — and then you’re a hypocrite,” she said, smiling.
“It’s more of a party,” said the designer Jake Sargent about this season’s Simon Miller presentation.
But know that they also possess resources meant to be shared.
What Mr. Varoufakis actually suggested on Thursday, according to the Greek Finance Ministry, was that bonds it must pay back to the central bank — over all, Greece owes it at least €20 billion — be paid by a eurozone emergency fund called the European Stability Mechanism.
“Naming an educational institution after the victims will help their memory live on,” Mr. Tufail said.
I feel pinpricks of rage every time my husband fishes for praise for something I’ve asked him to do.
There was an immediate attraction.
That’s the nature of it.
For a holiday buffet or to slice and serve, it also makes a splendid gift and does not require refrigeration: Chocolate pâté, $59 to serve eight or more, $7 a slice, Épicerie Boulud, 1900 Broadway (64th Street), 212-595-9606, epicerieboulud.com .
42 Photos View Slide Show › It left people scratching their heads and venturing lame jokes about rucksacks, though the song “This Land Is Mine,” from the 1960 movie “Exodus,” rearranged by Unkle and resounding live thanks to a trio led by the British singer Eska, suggested another interpretation: Wherever we go, whatever we wear, the baggage we carry through life is one another.
Moreover, it turns out that human technology, so long held as an object of suspicion by environmentalists, is nature’s greatest liberating force.
“I had to levitate things to cook,” she said.
She said her relatives had told her, “ ‘We don’t want you to be in the papers being called a prostitute,’ ” but added that her family otherwise approved of what she was doing.
Saudi Arabia is thus responsible not only for devastating a country of 25 million impoverished people , who are now suffering from famine, deteriorating sanitary conditions and a lack of medical supplies, but also for a strategy of demolishing significant world heritage sites.
“Some say it’s a retirement home,” said Mr. Zierock, 24, who came to New York from northern Italy to study photojournalism at the International Center of Photography .
Still, any reading above 50 signals expansion.
Her reasons were mainly practical—not only did she want to support the vanishing bees, she hoped our plum trees might increase their yield.
All the alleged sexual assaults happened after Sharper’s retirement as a player.
“Which will make it even less likely that we will see cheap, ubiquitous, world-class Internet access in America.
The Bank of England, which is responsible for putting into effect in Britain the European Union rules, said that lenders and other regulated financial institutions would need £223 billion in such debt to comply with the new rules.
Not by neuroscience, and not by philosophy.
Migration experts say about half of the latest wave are economic migrants from Bangladesh who do not meet the requirements for refugee status.
Often, Leroux will come up with an idea and then ask Morgan to “figure out how we should do it.” Social media and self-branding are also a significant part of both of their lives.
The World Food Program was recently forced to cut its monthly food allocation to refugee families in Lebanon to $13.50 per month, down from $27 in January.
All four had gathered at a hot-dog stand after leaving a nightclub next door, when Mr. Otto’s friend began flirting with Ms. Khalil’s friend.
Dr. Palem believes his inexact approach is more appropriate for weather and climate modeling because the vast grids of cells that separately calculate local effects like cloud formations, wind, pressure and other variables can be calculated without great accuracy.
Most rooms have access to wide terraces, offering panoramic views of the Hermosa Bay and, in the distance, Peninsula Papagayo, a lush 1,400-acre master-planned luxury development anchored by a Four Seasons resort.
With no time to reimagine the show, the company gave in, and announced that it would be performing “The Pirates of Penzance” this December instead.
He graduated from the University of Miami.
Scientists say they urgently need a map for understanding those circuits.
Secretary of State John Kerry said Thursday he believes that if an agreement can be reached to ease President Bashar al-Assad of Syria from power, a coalition of Americans, Russians and Syrian forces could wipe out the Islamic State “in a matter of literally months.” Mr. Kerry’s comments, in a speech to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe in Belgrade, Serbia, on Thursday morning, were the first in which he publicly offered an estimate of how quickly a well-organized effort might be able to defeat the radical Sunni group.
The guidelines would have created a “newscast that is malleable and subject to supervision, a newscast that wouldn’t have had the editorial freedom that it has had up to now,” she said.
Rudy Gay added 20 points.
That was a real moment and we still talk about it.
Stock markets around the world plummeted on Thursday, signaling that investors have not gotten over the shock of China’s devaluation last week and remain nervous about the health of the global economy.
Bradley free kick time ….
They say he’s “stirring up the crazies,” in the words of Senator John McCain.
Chess and knitting clubs meet nearby; a poker night, brokers say, is also a hit.
After several years of huge growth, e-book sales have plateaued over the past two years at 25 to 30 percent of the market, telegraphing that a healthy consumer appetite for print remains.
But they have so far mainly attacked empty buildings in an attempt to minimize casualties, seeking to avoid triggering a popular backlash or reinforcing the police state.
Substantial overlap was found between foundation contributors and familiar Clinton campaign donors and money bundlers.
Until the bitter end, Notre Dame’s dream of beating Kentucky and winning a national championship was very much alive.
Roof would make a court appearance on Friday afternoon.
But “Pretty Is,” Maggie Mitchell’s stunning, multilayered debut, is not that kind of thriller.
In August, though, Mr. Murdoch decided to walk away.
In particular, she was interested in weight training, because weight training strengthens and builds muscles.
This makes it difficult to reach a balanced and prudent judgement on different questions, one which takes into account all the pertinent variables.
“People don’t even pay attention to driving when they are driving,” said Teller.
We looked at court cases and realized that underpayment is a tremendous problem.
One California couple visited the park 366 days in a row without getting sick of it.
Adding more teeth to the watchdogs’ bite, therefore, makes sense.
“Until we see him, I don’t see how we can count on him, certainly not for the opening of the season.” Mara spoke in a calm voice but frequently voiced his frustration with Pierre-Paul, who did not allow Giants medical personnel to visit him at a Florida hospital shortly after the accident, which caused other unspecified injuries to his right hand.
This is chilling and retrograde.
Ask Mayweather and he says all of this is unfair: no photographs exist, even though, yes, he took guilty pleas.
The mood may be fickle.
Early on Tuesday morning, residents at the city’s southern edge also awoke to the sound of exploding rocket-propelled grenades and automatic gunfire from the militants, and a similar attack took place late Saturday night near the airport, killing at least eight people.
Yet at the crack of dawn on Wednesday, Yiling’s mother jolted her out of bed.
At 54 Below, a club that has earned its sobriquet “Broadway’s Supper Club,” the ingenuous heartthrob Jeremy Jordan from “Bonnie and Clyde,” “Smash” and “The Last Five Years” continues an engagement through July 3.
The WhatsApp site offers instructions for emailing the contents of a conversation in a file to yourself, which could then be printed.
Junior investment bankers who graduated from college only last year are being madly courted by private equity firms like Apollo Global Management, the Blackstone Group , Bain Capital and the Carlyle Group in a scramble that kicked off last weekend.
Mr. Guttentag is part of what some see as a growing trend toward retiring and downsizing in steps.
The Committee to Protect Journalists keeps watch on harassment and exile of journalists.
Some have featured personal accounts of racial discrimination, or claims that versions of the song heard on the video were sung by other groups at other campuses.
The league has an opportunity now to address these troubling conditions by setting an explicit policy for teams that recognizes and respects the value that cheerleaders create.
When Mr. Graham retired from the Air Force Reserve, he noted, Mr. Biden made a point of attending the ceremony.
Also in the lineup: Emma Goidel’s “We Can All Agree to Pretend This Never Happened,” Caridad Svich’s “The Hour of All Things” and Julia Cho’s very funny, surprisingly affecting “Cora and Dave Are Getting Older” (2:00).
A story isn’t an argument or a collection of data.
MASHANTUCKET Fox Theater, Foxwoods Resort Casino Jake Owen, country.
She is polished by day and kooky by night.
4 Alabama, lost to Ole Miss.)
Something dulled the City manager this time around.
Looming over the commission’s hearing was the question of how actively preservation efforts should focus on buildings that resonate culturally but are not architecturally or aesthetically significant.
“We believe this is simply another example of labor union Unite Here making false allegations in a desperate attempt to disrupt our business and organize our employees through misinformation and falsehoods,” the company said in a statement.
The band still shows its roots, from Brittany Howard’s swoops and shouts on down, and its songs still have down-to-earth messages like “Don’t Wanna Fight.” But the music steers away from echoes of particular eras; with arty determination, the band uses different tempos (sometimes daringly slow), different production approaches (sometimes barbed, sometimes subdued), different instrumental sounds and colors.
The passion doesn’t go away unless you do drugs or alcohol or something that can’t be remedied.” Regarding her sexuality, Ms. Ian wrote in an email: “I’d already been outed by The Village Voice around 1976, and everyone in the business knew.” But coming out to her fans required some thoughtful planning.
And fewer rivals could mean more room to raise premiums.
“There’s this notion that the wealthy use their money to buy politicians; more accurately, it’s that they can buy policy, and specifically, tax policy,” said Jared Bernstein, a senior fellow at the left-leaning Center on Budget and Policy Priorities who served as chief economic adviser to Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. “That’s why these egregious loopholes exist, and why it’s so hard to close them.” Each of the top 400 earners took home , on average, about $336 million in 2012, the latest year for which data is available.
— Criticizing Mrs. Clinton , Mr. O’Malley says there is a need for new leadership.
Tajik officials say other groups include the primarily Uzbek Jundullah; the Tajik-dominated Jamaat Ansarullah; and the East Turkestan Islamic Movement, largely made up of Uighurs.
I am not the most experienced of travelers, but I’m getting to know the ropes.
But for me, there’s a big empirical question: You can see certain similarities between those traditions in ancient China and the system that governs China today, but I think we know relatively little empirically about how the Chinese government works.
6 p.m. [Free] • Jerome Charyn speaks about his latest book , “Bitter Bronx,” a collection of stories about his childhood borough, at Barnes and Noble on the Upper West Side.
I would add a couple of other reasons that were not included in his article: lack of time and dog-eat-dog competition.
If nothing else, the experience in 2012 clearly proved that Formula One has enormous power to put a country in the international media spotlight.
• Hamilton Grange , Alexander Hamilton’s former home, was moved from a few blocks away.
Lucious (Terrence Howard) has a secret that threatens his potential musical relationship with Jamal (Jussie Smollett).
Now I have to get this done while I have the chance.” He would dedicate the effort to Mr. Oum, he said, “to know that he’s the one that made me get past all my limits, and push forward.”
Republicans who have been so disciplined in their opposition to President Obama are now finding themselves badly splintered over how to keep the Department of Homeland Security operating as they struggle to demonstrate they can govern effectively as the party that controls Congress.
This stem cell therapy needs only a dime-size donor spot on the scalp: 50 to 100 hairs, as opposed to the bloody, painful four-to-five-inch strip of 1,000 hairs typically required for a hair transplant.
“We are done making excuses,” Robert Marcus, chief executive of Time Warner Cable, said in a telephone interview.
They were aided by an opaque assortment of Russian agents and volunteer fighters, inspired by the relative ease with which Russia took over the Crimean peninsula, another Ukrainian region with a pro-Russian majority.
They join another 1.1 million print-and-digital subscribers.
Wealthy individuals can, by contrast, easily drop in and out of the rival PAD fair in Mayfair, where a fifth-century B.C.
But the hardest part of the proceedings is watching Sunderson try to cope through meatloaf, bourbon and sex.
Robert T. Brooks, an Episcopal priest, performed the ceremony at Trinity Church in Newport, R.I. Mrs. Edson, 29, is a financial analyst at the JPB Foundation, a philanthropic organization based in New York.
Hariri returned to Beirut — one of his bodyguards would later tell the United Nations investigators that the prime minister was so shocked by the encounter that his nose began to bleed — and drove immediately to Jumblatt’s home.
But for all the signs of progress, truly transformative change in the United States will require us to fundamentally rethink values .
“It’s just at this point, in order to move forward, both Marigay and I thought it was time for a change.” Mr. Metrick, 41, spent 15 years at Saks in merchandising and strategy positions before joining Hudson’s Bay in 2012 as its marketing chief.
that we all stood like so many marble men.” “The Wright Brothers” is in no sense a biography, compressing the last two years of Wilbur’s life (he died of typhoid fever in 1912) and the last 38 of Orville’s into eight pages.
The frustrations and identity crises that plague poor Josh — his rivalries with older and younger men, his failure to live up to his early promise — are large and central.
‘‘We know that it works,’’ Landrieu said of the task force.
“It’s important that we start the discussion about how to divest ourselves of energy supply from coal,” said Representative Jeff Morris, a Democrat who is the prime sponsor of the legislation.
That is certainly true of Mr. Cosby, who received some of his awards decades ago, before some current students were even born.
AbbVie is now the larger of the two.
(In case you missed it: Brook Larmer’s Inside a Chinese Test-Prep Factory .)
Except, this time, Steve was dying; I just didn’t know it.
Presumably, all of these differences in the young men’s bodies and brains had developed during their few, brief years of divergent workouts, underscoring how rapidly and robustly exercising — or not — can affect health, said Dr. Urho Kujala, a professor of sports and exercise medicine at the University of Jyvaskyla who oversaw the study.
Outside on the beach was Heineken House, a pyramid with 12 walls being painted live over the course of six days by a rotating group of a dozen artists, all of whom were paid for their time.
The key with the smart watch is it really has to be smart on its own.
He sneaked up behind a stadium security guard, whom he embraced.
“He could have fit in somewhere else,” Ms. Cooley said.
Its title character might be a septuagenarian, but she is also a free-living, free-loving hedonist who introduces her timid nephew to all sorts of illicit pleasures.
An American unit of Deutsche Bank , the German bank that has recently come under much regulatory scrutiny, is most likely going to fail for this reason, according to a person briefed on the process.
These tensions will probably abate, of course, as the two nuclear-armed neighbors seek to de-escalate while saving face — a familiar dance, leading nowhere, yet one that is never more than one misstep away from a terrible mistake, with potentially stark consequences.
In the post-­Napster era, there seems to have been a swing back in a more egalitarian direction.
“Making big bets on social change is the remarkable and growing phenomenon.” Critics are apt to dismiss such efforts as thinly veiled liberal social engineering.
Along the way, she honed her coaching style, both in terms of tactics and motivation.
Nail artist Jin Soon topped base colors of bright red and royal blue with multiple coats of red and silver glitter, sometimes as many as three or four, she said.
“The question that I have is, is it going to happen again?” said Jeremy Dye, 35, a taxi driver and security guard from North Charleston who said he knew three of the nine victims of Wednesday’s shootings.
This decree was not universal.
Second, these clinics will remain as long-term infrastructure contributions to the Liberian health system long after emergency efforts have ended.
Such efficiency is alluring, and has helped this kind of conditioning attract widespread media attention in recent years (including in this column).
All but nine of them did that, which was great for Mr. Ryan, but not so good for the Freedom Caucus, which now may have to dissolve itself .
Willett, playing in the 10th group, marched through the easier front nine, recording three birdies against zero bogeys on his way to a 69 that was completed well before Johnson or Spieth were even on the practice green beside the first tee.
“We can now track every jet engine separately throughout its life,” he said, giving each one the machine equivalent of a Facebook page, which states where it is and how it is “feeling,” making maintenance more efficient.
Unlike the first movie, “Insurgent” was also released in 3-D, which should bolster grosses because those tickets cost more.
Often one dancer begins a movement and is sequentially joined by the others; sometimes this kind of repetition, with its physical enactments of insistence, relentlessness, power and subservience, can accrue into something substantial, but here Mr. Ouramdane still seems to be looking for the zone he wants to enter.
“He doesn’t think the rules apply to him,” Jesse Matthews, an assistant district attorney, told the jury.
“We’re kind of busy doing our stuff.” And then his Warriors, doing their stuff, whizzed past the Knicks, hardly breaking a sweat.
“These are the best they can do?” asked David Levine, a professor at the University of California Hastings College of the Law.
As municipal budgets have stagnated or plummeted, state and local governments have taken to outsourcing police work to the private sector, resulting in changes that have gone largely unnoticed by the public they’re tasked with protecting.
What a positivist response!’’ And Jon replied, ‘‘Well, he was very old.’’ Later we spoke of East Germany, which figures prominently in ‘‘Purity,’’ and, who knows, might even be having some kind of revival — great athletes, milk banks for women who can’t breast-feed, lifetime employment, clunky retro aesthetics.
Laurie Ann Davis, 52, of Bethpage, N.Y., who attended Ms. Martini’s 2014 party, said it was a completely stress-free experience, especially for one who is anti-Valentine’s Day.
To start, the stands beyond the right-field wall — Bleacher Creature territory — now served as some of the building’s most enviable seats, perpendicular to the soccer field’s midfield line.
Assigned to lunch duty, he brought in his congas and would play — only if the youngsters behaved.
“That should reassure parents worried that their kids are never going to get back on track after a gap year,” says Bob Clagett, a former dean of admissions at Middlebury who conducted the study.
Anders Lee scored two goals, including the tiebreaker in the second period, and Jaroslav Halak made 32 saves and earned his 30th win of the season as the Islanders beat the visiting Toronto Maple Leafs, 3-2, on Thursday night.
On Wednesday, the finance ministers of the 19 countries that use the euro held a teleconference to discuss what to do, but ended the meeting without an action plan.
His statement on Monday that the New York City Police Department is the greatest in the world came too late.
Prosecutors have not explained the gap between the indictment being put under seal and the arrest of Mr. Firtash, which occurred on the same day that Ukraine’s new prime minister, Arseniy P. Yatsenyuk, was visiting President Obama at the White House.
An intriguing idea was proposed last summer by Chris Eaton, an anticorruption expert and a former head of security at FIFA.
Yellow cabs lurched in and out of the gas station, avoiding shoppers carrying bags from Uniqlo and Zara.
“But we are not a nation of Scrooges.
item — a small pin commemorating the inaugural season — and said he was planning to get more.
He said it was too early to draw any conclusions about the identity of the dead person or the cause of death.
Terry E. Branstad of Iowa kicked off the gathering in an event hall on the state fairgrounds by exclaiming, “Don’t mess with the R.F.S.
“I’ve never hidden the fact that I’m Jamaican; I will never disown my roots or influences,” he added, with some defiance, while tucked into the back corner booth at Miss Lily’s , the hip Jamaican restaurant in downtown Manhattan, and in the vortex of a four-day New York media tour.
Still, some analysts said investors were growing impatient with Twitter’s process, especially as the company continued to grapple with challenges.
It has refused to comply with a ruling by a United States federal court judge that the country must repay in full private creditors who did not participate in the country’s debt restructuring.
Gates focused on the need to stimulate clean-energy innovation, both by priming the idea pump through a big boost in government investments in basic research and building demand through some means of raising the cost of dirty energy — so that “the energy market accurately reflects the full impact of emitting carbon.” [ See the addendum for why I don’t see much prospect of a meaningful carbon price any time soon .]
His retirement became official just before midnight on Saturday.
“It wouldn’t have been a good move to have sex with this girl,” he said.
They see their premiums and deductibles rising while wages for many have been stagnant, and many employers have required workers to pay for a larger share of their medical expenses.
But they will also build vast new wind and solar farms.
“They really respected and admired Pope Benedict, but there is something about Pope Francis that makes people want to throw their arms around him.” Diane Calvin, 56, a mother of four in Horsham, agrees.
Sung said he gave Mr. Hong 100 million won, or $92,000, in illegal campaign donations in 2011.
To the Editor: Re “ An Ovarian Cancer Treatment, Recommended Since 2006, Is Found to Be Underused ” (news article, Aug. 4): Intraperitoneal (IP) chemotherapy, or abdominal chemotherapy, is an effective means to extend the lives of women with advanced ovarian cancer.
Some form of restructuring, though, was inevitable after Ukraine’s security and economic situation unraveled over the last year and a requirement was written into an International Monetary Fund bailout that private sector creditors take some losses.
The assessment, in The New York Times, was a rave.
He was also charged with driving under the influence in 2011 after he drove his car through the wall of a supermarket in Roselle, N.J., but that arrest was dismissed, his lawyer said.
Women often give birth at home, and if they get into trouble, it may be impossible to reach a hospital in time.
Capping a rally at the net with a winner and fist-pumping “Come on!,” Williams broke Bethanie Mattek-Sands to take a 4-0 lead in the deciding set.
NEW HAVEN College Street Music Hall The Decemberists, indie folk rock.
The task is not getting easier.
“I am in support of the pressure movements that reach the point of shaming.” Gestures like the one toward Ms. Taweel are essentially cosmetic, he said, “to prove that it is a regime that listens to the people.” The pictures of Ms. Taweel, clearly distraught during a court appearance in November, were shared widely on social media and Internet news portals.
About 10 percent of Google employees ride bikes, and the rest either car pool or combine the CalTrain commuter rail with a local shuttle from the Mountain View station.
He was a guy with two sets of twins at home (when does he sleep?)
“The speaker and I have spoken with the president about the way forward on trade,” Mr. McConnell told reporters on Tuesday.
Now, after years of uncertainty, the complex, which comprises 1,229 apartments in seven brick buildings lining a grassy mall near the Harlem River, has been sold for $201 million under an agreement with the city that keeps 975 units affordable for working- and middle-class families for 30 years.
At Clemson, a group of African-American students unsuccessfully lobbied the university to ban Yik Yak when some racially offensive posts appeared after a campus march to protest the grand jury decision’s not to indict a white police officer in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black teenager in Ferguson, Mo.
For full reviews of recent concerts: nytimes.com/music.
It’s intact, but it’s not the tour de force that the original two do.
Investors also received $275 million from a mortgage securities deal struck last year with Morgan Stanley.
She made an appointment with me for a review of her medications, which she’d been getting from her primary care doctor and which had become less effective.
And that’s just fine with Mr. Trump, who appeared on MSNBC and CNN this morning.
Somehow both work and life were suffering.
At the end of his life, Ms. Rosenberg said, her husband was able to accept a profound truth: “He had this mother who’d loved him for so long.” Late last month, that mother sat at her dining room table in New Jersey, flipping through the photos she now has of her son’s life.
*Fig Oil Put 1 pound of dried Turkish figs and 4 cups of canola, safflower or grape seed oil into a non-reactive metal or glass pan, and cook them in the oven for one hour at 200 degrees.
But some legal experts contend that campaign might have tested the limits of federal lobbying laws, which prohibit a government agency from engaging in grass-roots lobbying for proposed policies or legislation.
On a recent Monday, she and Mr. Morisano took a drive out to McIntosh County to check in with one of their suppliers, Rafe Rivers, who grows organic vegetables and makes grits and cornmeal and sorghum syrup with his wife, Ansley West Rivers, on a spread called Canewater Farm .
At the end, Mr. Mullan was promoted from lieutenant to captain.
The police have said Mr. Zambrano-Montes was not carrying a gun or knife.
Entrees, which include chicken with rice and pastas like ricotta-stuffed cannelloni, are distinguished by their use of salsas, citrus and chiles, and desserts include South American favorites like flan.
Favorite quote: “That Saturday morning I had taken 50 centiliters of a dark green, vile liquid that was supposed to be organic mescaline.” ( Queue it up here .)
Melissa Clark , Kim Severson , Julia Moskin and I will answer your questions about the Passover and Easter feasts all week long on the Food department Facebook page .
As the authorities across Europe try to figure out how radical Islam turns a tiny but dangerous minority of young Muslims into terrorists, Mr. Soei, the sociologist, said that Mr. Hussein, 22, was an exemplar of a phenomenon of Europe’s urban neighborhoods, not a product of the teachings of the Quran or their distortions by militant preachers.
Mr. Buffett added that Geico, another Berkshire company, which employs 30,000 people, is well-run.
Brent Smith and Zach Myers of Shinedown.
Sometimes these thoughts are stupid and purely degrading.
The European Union has repeatedly criticized the Bulgarian authorities for failing to jail officials and overhaul the country’s slow and inefficient judiciary.
“Hate destroys those who hold it as much as those it targets,” read one.
I have never felt a stronger disjunct between my fictional and real selves.
We’re at the last Auschwitz trial on earth.”
Each player says the other has changed little since the days when they alternated pitching and playing shortstop.
Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com .
Not including one-time items, it said it earned $1 a share, which was more than the 94 cents a share analysts expected, according to Zacks Investment Research.
Francis asked that Mr. Putin help guarantee access to humanitarian aid groups in the region.
I submitted it back in 2008, and it was my first crossword puzzle to be accepted for publication, but Will held onto it until he could find an appropriate time to publish it.
Press passes must be requested and approved.
The computer data was then used by the general contractor, Oliveira Contracting , to create the full-scale formwork into which the concrete was cast on site in 8-by-24-foot sections, between March and August.
Salvador Perez homered to make the score 3-1, but Rasmus homered in the third for a 4-1 lead, his sixth homer in six games going back to the regular season.
ELMSFORD The Glenn Miller Orchestra, big band.
With all its handicaps — the money, the weather, the location — Brazil must think carefully about how to spend that money.
But the city, a crucible of green against the white walls of the Himalayas, seemed so promising.
And Michael Novogratz, the well-known Wall Street trader who ran Fortress Investment Group’s flagship macro fund, which is also closing, went further, stating that the environment was “not conducive to achieving our best results.” But it is not all bad news for macro hedge funds, the corner of the hedge fund universe where managers wager on everything from currency moves to central bank interest rate increases and the direction of the price of oil.
By the time the bidding in United States Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan came to an end on Tuesday evening — Judge Sean H. Lane formally brought it to a close with a bang of his gavel — one group, called NYCO Renaissance , had bid $1.25 million for the City Opera name and assets, and another group, called Opera New York, had put in a higher bid of $1.5 million.
Aramis Ramirez had a solo homer for the Brewers in the fourth.
The area around Jawai Lake, for millennia the home of Rajput farmers.
The choice is coming up again next year.
Many of the migrants leaving Central America were unaccompanied minors; while the United States is obligated to assess their eligibility for refugee protections, Mexico can simply bus them back.
Republican leaders have held up a vote on Ms. Lynch until the Senate finishes work on the trafficking bill.
A. I really don’t see the New York market backing up much.
Protesters held signs reading “no” in Greek and English during an antiausterity rally before the Greek Parliament.
The master bedroom is off the living room, and also opens to the screened porch.
There are so many moving pieces that could go wrong.” During the United Nations display, some images were out of sync, but he said the problems were hard to notice and quickly fixed.
As Myanmar embarked on a more democratic path, the Union Solidarity and Development Association became the Union Solidarity and Development Party, which is now the country’s governing party, backed by the military.
The real-life Jerry Maguire was in the house, and the two producers wanted a picture.
Larry (Mr. O’Kelly) is robbing a rural Irish convent of a Virgin Mary statue (memorably played by Ms. Fox) when he first encounters Sister Martha (also Ms. Fox).
The vacate order has been lifted by the Buildings Department, allowing the residents to start returning home.
If we made violence against women a guideline in our foreign policy, we would be far less likely to support leaders and nations addicted to violence and control.
Konstantin Komarek scored the winner in the shootout to lift Austria, 4-3.
But acrimony over Turkey’s stalled E.U.
Though this hasn’t been done before, there is legal precedent for bold use of wage orders.
Polyvore has raised a relatively small amount of venture capital — some $22.1 million — from firms like Benchmark and Matrix Partners.
But on the bright side: Love connection!
“I have seen the long arm of the car industry,” said Axel Friedrich, who retired as a senior official in the German Federal Environmental Agency in 2008 and spent 28 years watching the auto industry deflect demands to clean up its act and tackle well-known discrepancies between laboratory and real road tests of emissions.
“The most important thing for a musical number isn’t the excuse of why it is a musical number, it’s the heightened emotion that gets you there,” Ms. Bloom said.
(Anderson) ★ Vince Staples (Monday) As he pulls simultaneously from gangster rap, distorted garage-rock guitar and the general loquacity of a David Foster Wallace essay, the young rapper Mr.
Sabathia is unencumbered by pitch counts the way Harvey currently is, so he allowed only one run and five hits in six innings to win his first game since July 8.
Those interested in volunteering at the house are encouraged to call before.
was “continuing our review and will provide information as soon as possible.” To the 130 workers in the Wilson factory, the scandal may as well be occurring in a distant universe.
Beside the 18th green, there is a large stone with a plaque that explains that below the 18th fairway is a mass grave of Irish immigrants who fled the potato famine.
Saving a Cherry Tree In the rear yard of a small Park Slope co-op, a weeping cherry tree faced an uncertain future .
The United States was at the top of the list, making 14,274 requests for information on 21,731 Facebook accounts, with the company agreeing to turn over information in 79 percent of the cases.
“This,” she declared, pointing at the spot, “is where I met him.” It was 1952.
BLOOMBERG NEWS DreamWorks Seeks $400 Million Financing | Steven Spielberg is preparing to recharge his Amblin Entertainment production label and raise about $400 million for his struggling company DreamWorks, The Wall Street Journal reports, citing people familiar with the matter.
As she interviewed Quiz Kids, Mrs. Feldman wrote, she realized that she too had ultimately been bolstered by the experience.
Phoenix drivers have been unnerved since 11 confirmed shootings began on Aug. 29, mostly along I-10, a major route through the city.
Nuclear technology is our domestic capability.” Mr. Stephens, of the Royal United Services Institute, said the extraordinary barbed comments appeared designed to provoke and inflame.
In its first act, the ballet covers the plot of Shakespeare’s first three, including back story and other events not dramatized in the play.
Even so, the Taliban’s most significant gains this year appear to have occurred in the south, in Helmand and Oruzgan.
It measures neither our wit nor our courage, neither our wisdom nor our learning, neither our compassion nor our devotion to our country.
These days, Mr. Blake is busy “clearing the desk, he said, adding, “There’s still a group of ambitions that I’m now trying to tick off.” Those include illustrating Molly Bloom’s soliloquy in “Ulysses” and F. Scott Fitzgerald’s “The Great Gatsby,” his favorite book, he said.
Count Almaviva, having fallen for Rosina, the ward of the jealous Dr. Bartolo, sings a melting serenade to this pretty young woman from the courtyard outside her balcony.
The six industries reporting contraction included wholesale trade, utilities and agriculture.
Again, my apologies for missing it until now.
After a horrific and hilarious retrospective set piece, in which Patrick makes a scene and Sara is forced to wrangle with him, Louise summons the courage to ask her mother why she puts up with him.
Working with volunteers, I created the nonprofit Witness Change to help in particular the groups I had worked with in Nigeria, Uganda and South Africa.
Hunter averaged 19.5 points and 4.7 rebounds a game for Georgia State.
Other research has tied air pollution to a higher risk of heart attacks, stroke and other ills.
However, the noise code addresses the noise restaurants make with music, not with customers talking, so reporting noise concerns might not solve the problem.
And if he struggles even a little, Coach Manuel Pellegrini has a bench full of other pricey acquisitions ready to take his place.
Both men went down hard but remained in the game.
I have big, clumsy fingers and don’t particularly like to text.
Babbage is oafish, with a square head and wavy hair.
But Major Guess would not say whether he was a person of interest in the investigation.
In Fountain Valley, Calif., Mr. Uselton fills his Tucson from a demonstration station, created via an Energy Department grant, that turns municipal waste into enough hydrogen to fuel up to 50 cars a day.
Nine of the accounts on the list were online only.
And if she made one, it would be gangster rap and no one would like it.
The stakes are significant for the S.E.C.
“As long as everything’s quiet, that means everything’s good,” said Scooter Fruik, the ice manager at Bridgestone Arena in Nashville.
If you have a friend you don’t give him a loan, you give him a gift.
The public is also divided on whether the court is too liberal or conservative, with independents more likely to say that the court’s leaning is just about right.
Russia is led by a cold-eyed thug with a semi-theological vision of his nation’s destiny.
They are direct targets of the disruptive threat Theranos could pose.
It was just the fourth time since 1963 that a team has attempted that many free-throws in a playoff game.
Mike Woloshin, Tower Lakes, Ill.
Russell His mother sincerely bought that mop in real life.
“It was a beautiful evening, and Obama looked around and said: ‘I got it.
This week, it will be Israel-Palestine; next week, it will be Ukraine and Russia, then India and Pakistan, and then North Korea and South Korea.
As a pro, he was earning $100,000 a year by 1960, equivalent to almost $800,000 today.
There is no evidence that executive action will do anything to increase illegal immigration, and there is clear data showing that giving work permits to immigrants who are already here helps, not hurts, state economies.
Some Republican leaders have weighed the taboos and, it appears, picked their poison.
Mr. Mendes works the same humble sorcery on sweet spring peas cooked with choriço.
This is Mr. Singh’s second feature and his first at Cannes, and is the kind of work that helps make this festival excitingly varied.
Later, after he had become a pilot with FedEx, he would request an airfield view at any hotel that offered one, Hilton Chicago O’Hare Airport being a favorite.
He went bankrupt and was divorced, struggled with his sons’ medical problems and his father’s death.
Their distinctive look and cultish following have made Europa’s books a natural fit for Instagram fodder — and at least one tattoo of the publisher’s stork logo.
Q. I know so many veterans who are prescribed all sorts of prescriptions off label and leave the V.A.
Mind, the curtain is not just a reviewer’s figure of speech — what is a figure of speech but a small theatrical event, anyway?
“But I have to be patient.” Jerry Reese, the Giants’ general manager, sounded a more cautious tone.
21 Houston at Central Florida Noon, ESPN News The Cougars are undefeated, and quarterback Greg Ward Jr. is among the best playmakers in the country.
The Indianapolis native grew up worshiping Johnny Carson, and after getting his start as a wisecracking TV weatherman, went on to host both "Late Night" on NBC and "Late Show" on CBS.
These are extraordinary weapons, capable of incredible destruction.
There’s sometimes where you watch a game and there’s nine dudes on the floor wearing tights.” He pointed to the television hanging on the wall, showing one of Friday’s games, and started counting.
DES MOINES – Chris Christie has not gotten a lot of Iowa love lately.
I would note that a former director of the Census Bureau, Kenneth Prewitt, has recognized this need in his book “What Is Your Race?” He proposes to eliminate race and ethnicity questions in the 2020 census and instead focus on getting the data needed to think in terms of class.
As portrayed by Sam Neill, Mr. Havelange is a Machiavellian figure of the first order, brusque, cunning and ambitious — though he actually receives gentle treatment, with no spelling out of his implication in a multimillion-dollar bribery scandal.
“Sure enough, she did.” Despite the disappointment of falling barely short of defeating the world’s top-ranked player, Azarenka refused to dwell on her collapse, saying, “I could find many excuses, but I won’t.” She acknowledged, however, that having been sidelined for most of the past season by injury, she was still adjusting to playing again on the show court of a big tournament.
But their value skyrockets in the United States, where a male finch might sell for from $500 to $10,000, depending on its pedigree and track record, according to the report.
Navigant Research, which looks at clean technology markets, estimates that spending on smart cities will reach $27.5 billion by 2023.
Mr. Best, 67, said he developed an affinity for Hardy when he found a copy of “Tess” while away at boarding school.
letters,” or less charitably “fat letters.” But a new study of the first state to adopt the practice shows that the letters have had almost no effect, at least on older teenagers.
But the point should be clear: the Blanchard era at the IMF was one of unprecedented data-driven analysis of policy problems, done with consummate skill.
You use the money to make space for the work.” The fellows say the MacArthur comes with a sense of responsibility, to make good on the promise that earned them the awards in the first place.
Shaun and Ed are so complacent that it takes them an astonishingly long time to realize that odd events around them are the result of a zombie outbreak.
They got up at 6 a.m. and geared up in the car with face-painted cheeks and red-white-and-blue top hats.
State-owned Chinese banks have already put nearly $11 billion into the country, and the Ecuadorean government is asking for more.
Me puse a llorar, pero intercambiamos una sonrisa y acordamos que estábamos ahí para lidiar con cualquier problema, así que “manos a la obra”.
Last year, California made it more difficult for parents to opt out by requiring that their personal-belief request be signed by a doctor.
Taxed and brought to present value, $200 million of expected cost savings by Year 3 should be worth close to $1 billion.
Eventually, I discovered the answer.
“They fall off, and I have to stop play so a girl can pick up her headband and put it back on.
The judge in the case, Lewis A. Kaplan, heard arguments on the motion on Friday, and ultimately ruled against the defense.
Yum said its operating profits were $29 million lower on a reported basis as a result of currency conversion, while PepsiCo, the food and drink giant that used to own Yum’s restaurant brands, said that reporting its results in dollars had knocked about 12 percent off its reported revenues.
It’s one of the biggest reasons that I love Will Ferrell — because he’s himself.
The Artists’ Gallery, 18 Bridge Street.
Continue to pay benefits to disabled veterans who return to work.
It’ll be interesting to see how this speech ends — he is speaking well off-the-cuff, but he’s not building oratorically to a memorable moment.
Mr. Ruddy, who is working up an outline for a writer or writers yet to be named, sees his rendition as a love story, built squarely around its commanding female protagonist, Dagny Taggart.
Limón Lives The two-week Jose Limón International Dance Festival at the Joyce Theater in October had several flaws, yet accomplished the essential thing: revealing the enduring power of mid-20th-century work that would otherwise be easy to write off as hopelessly out of date.
Helen’s telling picked up immediately afterward, when she arrived at the jail with a high-powered lawyer (Richard Schiff) who called her his associate.
It’s just a musical, no?
But in the process, he touched a raw nerve in a country struggling to confront racism and hatred in the days after nine black parishioners were killed during Bible study in a South Carolina church.
“I went kicking and screaming when Connie said, ‘Let’s change the bedroom.’ And I went kicking and screaming when she said, ‘Let’s get an office.’ And I’ve loved every change,” Mr. Miller said.
— President Obama (@POTUS) May 18, 2015
The death penalty was the second to be meted out to women spies in France since the war began.
Mrs. Clinton, who has been criticized in recent weeks for not commenting on major news events, spoke about net neutrality, the spread of the Islamic State and the National Security Agency’s surveillance tactics in a wide-ranging speech, and then in a rapid-fire and sometimes tense exchange with Ms. Swisher, the co-executive editor of the technology news site Re/code.
She’s working in some godforsaken place, mopping floors in a bar and stocking shelves in a supermarket.
East on July 28 — could fall apart as the season concluded.
“It may have been true once upon a time, in the world of voice, that low-frequency was the best,” said Craig Moffett, senior analyst and partner at MoffettNathanson Research.
The call to completely clear the streets was a reflection of how seriously public officials were taking the threat of the storm, which was expected to affect a 250-mile stretch of the Northeast.
With informal arrangements in our home, where we have a legitimate expectation of sexual privacy, these questions are less relevant.
Woo-jin, a designer and woodworker, shares his secret, and a business relationship, with Sang-beck (Lee Dong-hwi), his goofy, bibulous friend from childhood.
Now, with a high-powered legal team behind it, Mr. Wilson’s company, Defense Distributed , has filed suit against the State Department, claiming that its efforts to stop him from publishing his plans, which are no more than computer code, amount to a prior restraint on free speech.
Kenneth Silverman, author of the biography “Houdini!!!
He later became a window dresser at a Los Angeles department store.
The third was appointing Ulric chief executive.
During these first days of the United States Open, on its bright blue courts for all to see, there was so much talking.
Notre Dame, which first must play Boston College on Wednesday, will try to defeat the Blue Devils for the second time this season.
In 1962, Lewis — a Compton native who had been among the first players to break the color barrier in the N.F.L.
The Mets’ dugout exploded in cheers.
Or some of the lesser-known Loire reds made from grapes like gamay, pineau d’Aunis and côt (also known as malbec).
He describes studio situations in which highly successful artists — Jeff Koons, for example — no longer have a hands-on relationship to their art, which is physically produced by carefully drilled assistants.
Stafford was held to under 200 yards and one touchdown in both meetings with the Vikings last year.
A good song is a good song,” she said.
They have been detected as early as seven weeks into a pregnancy.
It identified the Norwegian as Ole Johan Grimsgaard-Ofstad, 48, from Oslo, and the Chinese man as Fan Jinghui, 50, a freelance consultant from Beijing.
But concern about Islam extends more broadly on the right.
We can teach our kids how people back in Ghana dress, how they talk.
This year commercial real estate attracted some $500 billion in investment across the board, he said, citing statistics from Real Capital Analytics.
Best of all was the installation itself, which saw the chairs arranged in a giant, Stonehenge-like circle inside a 1960s auto-body garage.
(‘‘He was just crying and crying, and I felt desperate, and then, I swear to you, I put on Ornette Coleman/Rihanna/Pandora/bluegrass/whatever, and he/she became calm/quiet/happy/rapt.’’ I have heard this, and probably said this, in countless Mad Libs variations.)
After his election on Tuesday as speaker of the New York State Assembly, Carl E. Heastie echoed calls to reform the opaque and almost czarlike system in which the legislative chamber is ruled by its speaker, one of the “three men in a room” who dominate state government.
Whichever the case, not only is no harm done, but there is a certain generosity operating here, an assumption of friendship between reader and writer, the way one is pleased to hear what a friend has to say no matter what the occasion.
“This is the only time I can be away from my computer and have no one bother me,” Selig said.
They are one of the youngest teams in the history of the league, almost all of them in their early 20s.
The latest in the company’s strange series of art installations is the work of Dustin Yellin.
They are needed for other purposes.
But that wouldn’t be the record for a white diamond.
And analysts indicated that more stimulus may be necessary.
Regular sharks just don’t seem to impress jaded beachgoers anymore.
Each wine in the tasting was a riserva, made only in the best vintages from the estate’s oldest vines and which receive extra aging before they are released.
Still, commentators disagreed on Tuesday about how badly Mr. Modi and his party would be wounded by the Delhi results, with some suggesting it was just a hiccup in the Bharatiya Janata’s effort to become the new dominant national party.
In a lengthy 2013 interview with Father Antonio Spadaro, a Jesuit, Francis said his “authoritarian and quick manner of making decisions” as a young Jesuit led him to being wrongly labeled an ultraconservative.
“I’d consider it a terrible conflict of interest and would never keep art long term in the warehouse of a dealer,” Mr. Gagosian said.
“This is a feeding frenzy of cultural cleansing,” said Ben Jones, the chief of heritage operations for the Sons of Confederate Veterans, a Tennessee-based group.
With an economy that has been steadily growing nearly 6 percent a year, Indonesia is investing heavily to improve and expand its airports and provide them with the latest equipment.
Since the beginning of time, humans have been fermenting our food.
“It is our job to minimize the pain.”
I’m redundant.” His remark encapsulates the persistent anxiety being mined by the filmmakers of “Ex Machina,” in which a comely android (Alicia Vikander) outmaneuvers her creator; “Terminator Genisys” and “Mad Max: Fury Road,” in which the fearsome Imperator Furiosa (Charlize Theron) vanquishes her enemies with a robotically wired prosthetic arm.
Alcohol is very harmful when abused, so much so that it’s difficult for me to tell people to start drinking for their health.
The complaint said Uber’s background check process could not identify the driver because it does not use biometric identifiers, like a fingerprint; because it cannot access criminal records that help to track aliases; and because the checks do not go back as far as the law allows.
Some racers say they hear the beeping in their sleep.
In “The Grinder,” at 8:30, Dean (Rob Lowe) insists on following the Krantz victory with another big case, leading Stewart (Fred Savage) to use reverse psychology to stop him.
(Spoiler alert: Apparently they didn’t quite nail it.)
It also offers bonds that increase their payouts when interest rates rise or the currency devalues.
To the left was Rita Wilson in a J.
Steven Adams joined Kanter in the double-double category with 16 points and 10 rebounds.
Mr. Trump and Ben Carson, who are leading in many polls of the Republican field, led the push on the opening statements and time limit, threatening to boycott the forum if their demands were not met.
“The new residents were not company workers, but people who’d had enough of Prague and wanted to get out.” Now, Ms. Bezrova said, only 8 percent of the village’s population works for GZ Media.
Since Lessing’s death in November 2013, at age 94, Diski had been mulling how she might address the three years she spent as her foster daughter, and the ambivalent friendship they maintained for the next half-century.
These figures, based on some 36,000 sources of health data gathered for an international study called the Global Burden of Disease , are only approximate.
The cause was cancer, Norman Ballard, her executor, said.
(The Serbian mezzo-soprano Milijana Nikolic, in her Met debut, sings Giovanna for Friday’s performance.)
This eloquent disparity is more obvious in the first act, set in an African outpost of the British colonies.
“One of our most popular plans had low premiums, low out-of-pocket costs and a large network of providers.
It’s an anachronistic idea: Between the rise of the smartphone and social media, many publishers are abandoning the idea of being destination sites.
But after a nurse mistakenly identifies her as Peter’s fiancée, she suddenly finds herself surrounded by the family she never had — including his charmingly suspicious brother, Jack (Bill Pullman).
Our chief TV critic, Alessandra Stanley, has already watched.
The rest is to be carved out of the museum’s current structure.
I respect the player that he was.
In an audience with Slovenian pilgrims in St. Peter’s Square on Wednesday, Pope Francis said: “May you carry my gratitude to the Church of Slovenia for its efforts in favor of family.
Epstein’s vision of what the Beatles could achieve helped move their concerts from theaters and auditoriums to sports arenas like Shea Stadium in New York, paving the way for other groups to do the same.
Mr. Burke, 51, is the chief operating officer of the New York Life Foundation and a corporate vice president of the New York Life Insurance Company, both in New York.
HORNETS 92, WIZARDS 88 Al Jefferson had 18 points and 12 rebounds to help Charlotte’s impressive January play carry over into Groundhog Day with a win at Washington.
SHE STANDS AT an easel, a small but commanding figure with cropped white hair, and draws an intricate geometric shape.
Carter pressed on, too — with his usual weekend routine of teaching Sunday school, which he has long done with little fanfare.
The obvious butting of opposites — especially flat geometric planes of brilliant from-the-tube color and flourishes of automatist brushwork — might almost be termed Abstraction for Dummies, were it not so visibly intelligent.
Furniture fits better, and there is none of the “dead space” that comes with odd-shaped curves and corners.
“We can’t keep stripping the land and not putting back what we take out.” As the sun goes down after a long day, Bakker, who, at dawn, harvested flowers and dropped them off to his clients and then took their bones to his chefs, is on his way home with the compost he’ll spread across his crops, like an antipodean Johnny Appleseed.
Guest speakers included a taste chemist, a barbecue pit master and patent specialists.
I want our guys to embrace it.” I walked past the tiny locker room with the autographed photos of Banks and exited up narrow stars to the concourse.
But Washington cannot seem to stop the run and its secondary might be just as injury-riddled, if not more so, than New England’s offensive line.
Illinois Finance Authority, $57.1 million of Plymouth Place revenue bonds.
We soon learned that Chanel had created the tie by voting for Zayday herself, because, as she told her acolytes, “You never, ever want to be the boss in a time of crisis.” She hoped that having a co-president would put the target on Zayday’s back.
The Clintons don’t sparkle with honesty and openness.
In effect, Mr. Bush is offloading major costs of his likely campaign to “independent” groups that can raise and spend unlimited money.
Only the mightiest will be able to eat it all in one sitting.
You just make it harder to live in.” Ouch!
And now, the United Nations official who led the negotiations, Jamal Benomar, a Moroccan diplomat, has resigned and returned to New York.
Read the full analysis as a pdf here.
“They did a nice job of getting it down on the ground,” he said.
Government officials and families of passengers lost on the flight, which vanished in March 2014 with 239 people aboard, responded warily on Thursday to the news of the discovery in Réunion, reluctant to fan hopes after more than a year of fruitless searching and false rumors.
Yet because of a clerical error in South Carolina and the confusion that caused the federal authorities who examined his record, he was not stopped from his making his purchase.
They’re taking less and less space.
As projected images light up around her, she describes a “Matrix”-like hall of mirrors in which power flows to the lords of digital media, information technology is a tool of oppression and arms manufacturers strike unholy alliances with corrupt political elites.
“You would see her in the morning getting her kids off to school,” said Tom Smith, 60, a neighbor.
Roof, who she sat near in eighth-grade English class.
But what a shame his work had to be filtered through the author’s use of outdated tropes in her portrayal of deaf people and sign languages.
Even at his shakiest, he holds your attention with stories about characters banding together to emerge from a hell not of their making.
Inning after inning rolled by, and zeros piled up on the scoreboard with a metronomic certainty.
Mr. Cohen’s family office, Point72 Asset Management, generated a gross profit of $2.5 billion to $3 billion in 2014, DealBook’s Matthew Goldstein reports , citing several people briefed on the firm’s performance.
Everybody has a go-to restaurant.
(The conglomerate reported a 37 percent decline in its second-quarter earnings on Friday.)
He competed in all five disciplines but failed to master any of them and often finished close to last.
In “Pride of the Yankees,” Gary Cooper’s voice echoes throughout Yankee Stadium as he proclaims himself the luckiest man on the face of the earth.
That mantra must carry them to the final shows at the David H. Koch Theater in November.
As a singer, Mr. Danza belongs to the Sinatra school of lounge performer, but he has a limited, rather shaky voice.
Another View » Kamunting Is Switching to Family Office | The hedge fund Kamunting Street Capital Management, known as K-Street, is returning outside capital and will convert to a family office, its founder Allan Teh said.
TSB said its directors believed that Sabadell would “support and accelerate TSB’s retail growth strategy” and its expansion into lending for small to medium businesses.
He was referring to a massive rally that Donald Trump held a few days earlier in July to protest illegal immigration.
“And we’re getting close to that boiling point.”
Mr. Stringer said that revenue from new enrollment in MetroPlus was expected to offset only about 28 percent of the federal cuts.
Many towns have put their pothole crews on overtime, and the factory is the first stop of the day.
BELLPORT Bellport United Methodist Church The Grace Notes Concert Series presents Teresa Dybvig, pianist, performing music by Debussy, Janáek and Beethoven.
It arrived on Wednesday to poor reviews , boding ill for Mr. Ellison in more ways than one: His company, Skydance Media, already has two sequels and a TV spinoff in the pipeline.
“Our bodies became battlefields,” Ms. Fathi writes.
There’s no mystery, really, since a constant stream of flashbacks and crosscutting identifies Hahou’s nemesis as the furious Fung Yu-sau (Wang Baoqiang).
It’s carved in a calculatedly archaic style: stolid, columnar, arms stiffly crossed, knees like knobs, face locked in a noncommittal smile.
Without an agreement, the highway fund will hit empty on July 31.
“And that is what a former president called the ‘soft bigotry of low expectations,’ and we should reject that out of hand,” he said.
The United States moves on to face China on Friday, a much tighter defensive team than Colombia was.
Mr. Petraeus got probation and a fine.
The last of its campuses closed in late April.
They know there is a movement.
The new chief executive officer is Jean-Louis Bonnier, who has been chief financial officer since 2005.
is really effective, they should stick with 2015.” Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut, said he was “deeply disturbed about yet another delay in a potential safety measure” until December 2018 and said the provision in the transportation bill “essentially makes the deadline a mirage.” In 2008, after decades of delay, lawmakers gave railroad companies, including Amtrak, seven years to complete installation of the safety system, which monitors the speed of trains and automatically slows them down if they approach curves at dangerously high speeds.
At various dates and times, 254 West 54th Street, Manhattan, 646-476-3551, 54below.com.
• Bruce Jenner , the former Olympic champion and reality television star, was involved in a car crash in Malibu, Calif., that left one person dead.
She since has started going to local concerts as well.
“People of my country need to know that human rights are supported.” Joshua Kucera is a journalist and author of The Bug Pit, a blog on military and security issues in Eurasia.
A military spokesman, Sani Kukasheka Usman, confirmed the blast and said the suicide bomber had been on the way to attack the market when she was stopped by a vigilante.
Alex Rodriguez, at 40 years old and after serving a yearlong drug suspension, has been a revelation.
approved the method with the Edwards device for patients at extremely high risk in 2011.
A stronger dollar is a problem for big companies in the United States that rely on overseas sales because it makes their goods more expensive in foreign markets and reduces the value of the profits they bring back home.
July 21 at 7:30 p.m. Free.
That’s a sector ripe for technological change, said Mr. Bailey of Microsoft.
Let her do her job.” Mr. McConnell sought to quiet the growing furor over the Lynch stalemate, telling his colleagues the Senate would get to her next week just as he had always planned.
In hitting Roger Goodell with a blow that shakes his already wobbly legacy, Judge Richard M. Berman summarized pent-up criticism of the N.F.L.
The designer may have omitted certain elements of his signature dandy style, but in typical Ford fashion, the collection was as chic as ever.
The reason, we suspect, is that compassion isn’t as purely selfless as it might seem.
And when she wonders why the government does not effectively implement environmental laws and enforce those already on the books, the question strikes a chord — for many viewers have been asking themselves the same things.
(Smith) New-York Historical Society: ‘Art as Activism: Graphic Art from the Merrill C. Berman Collection’ (through Sept. 13) This show offers a selection of 71 posters from the 1930s to the ’70s that show the role visual art has played in political and protest movements in the United States.
For “ The Barbra Streisand Album ,” released in 1963, he needed to persuade Ms. Streisand to approve a photo of her face in shadow.
Despite the Winfield acquisition, business was not great.
The regulator’s assertions underline statements by the American and British authorities, who complained in April that the bank dragged its feet in producing information sought by investigators.
Ko, whose 66 was her lowest score in a major, is attempting to become the youngest winner of a major.
But I still need guidance, and I still have questions.
professor who was a principal leader of the Human Genome Project .
On Saturday, from 3 to 6 p.m., the New York label In God We Trust, known for its heart-shaped pendants with cheeky sayings, will be hosting an engraving event at the Standard Shop.
(Mr. Heyman declined to specify the budget for “Paddington,” although articles have given a figure of around $55 million.)
Tenant: Beverage World Landlord: Gesco Ice Cream Vending Corporation Brokers: Grant Dolgin and Jean Cook, Kalmon Dolgin Affiliates FOR LEASE $54/SQUARE FOOT $423,090 approximate annual rent The Bar Building 36 West 44th Street (between Fifth Avenue and Avenue of the Americas) Manhattan A five- to 10-year lease is available for a 7,835-square-foot space with 11 windowed offices and supplemental tenant-controlled air-conditioning in this 14-story 1922 building, which has a 24-hour attended lobby and turnstile access.
Blatter is cooperating, and we’re confident that when the Swiss authorities have a chance to review the documents and the evidence, they will see that the contract was properly prepared and negotiated by the appropriate staff members of FIFA, who were routinely responsible for such contracts,” Mr. Cullen said.
And the creditors would be equally well served by such a compromise.
In 2008, the company, in conjunction with Northrop Grumman, won a $35 billion contract to build 179 new tankers, based on Airbus’s A330 wide-body jet, for the Air Force.
The stock dropped $6.02, or 6.8 percent, to $82.80.
Virtually all business executives complain that none of the candidates have the experience managing and expanding large organizations that Mr. Bloomberg did in building his financial data and media empire, Bloomberg L.P., and running New York City for 12 years as mayor.
Pero, ¿ese punto al que se dirige el juego es un destino sano?
Mr. Boehner described the new costs for beneficiaries as “modest bipartisan changes — structural reforms” that would strengthen Medicare and save money in the long run.
Breakingviews » FedEx Purchase of TNT Clears Regulatory Hurdle | FedEx said on Tuesday that it would not be challenged by European regulators in its acquisition of the Dutch parcel firm TNT Express, clearing a significant hurdle for the nearly $5 billion deal.
The “super PAC” raised questions about how direct Mr. Trump’s aides were being about their efforts to bolster outside.
John R. Kasich of Ohio and Jeb Bush.
All but two states (Mississippi and West Virginia) allow exemptions for religious reasons.
One family had decent housing and clothing and the children were healthy.
Stephen Sondheim Theater, 124 West 43rd Street, 212-239-6200, telecharge.com.
In one room there was a rather severe-looking portrait of an ancestor, Stanslas Vignial, the president of the royal court in Bordeaux in the mid-1800s, imposing in black-and-crimson jurist robes.
Mr. Kasich’s two political committees reported on Thursday raising a total of $11.7 million for his campaign from April to June, putting him well ahead of other second-tier Republican candidates in the money race.
“If you think you can hurt me more than I can hurt you, try.
In him, Mr. Laqueur writes, Mr. Putin and his circle “have found the prophet to present their much-needed new ideology.” The product of an upper-class Moscow family with ties to the army, Mr. Ilyin studied philosophy and did not last long once the Bolsheviks swept to power.
No less an authority than Steven Pinker argues that the vehement opposition of many traditionalists is often unwarranted.
When alligator season began last Thursday night in Alabama, those lucky enough to receive one of the state’s 260 prized hunting permits wondered if they might do what Mandy Stokes did last year.
Take a 30-second break and repeat three times.” “Jemima always has great questions and has really helped me recognize what a lot of women are concerned about when it comes to their fitness and the messages we are getting about appearance,” Dubus says.
All heart disease, as it progresses, results in heart failure, or a gradual weakening of the heart.
“But it was too small for me,” Abdul-Jabbar said, “so I gave it away.” Some gifts meant more to Abdul-Jabbar than others.
Baffert’s confidence comes with experience.
But as the two have become more popular, they have become more linear, shifting the emphasis from the space between the beats to the beats themselves.
On Jan. 1, the terms call for the two bond insurers to purchase $50 million of new revenue bonds from Prepa; members of a creditors’ committee known as the Ad Hoc Group will purchase an additional $65 million worth of bonds.
Add the carrots and stir to combine.
Her hair got messy; chalk was on her face.
In France, there is still a typical citizen and an atypical citizen.
in the United States after the Hong Kong exchange would not allow the company’s share structure.
The nonrepayment rates were calculated over a longer time period: at one, three, five and seven years after students leave college.
“I wasn’t disappointed at all.
On Tuesday, Mr. Hessler clarified the matter: He hadn’t.
The country’s secular democracy owes much to cultural factors: the peaceful character of its people, their middle-class culture, respect for women’s equality, regard for education, moderate practice of Islam and social tolerance.
But you realize how hard it is to win.” This is not a foreign concept to people who have been employed by the Knicks in recent seasons.
We learn a good deal about the lives of a lesbian couple who own the oceanfront hotel in Washington State where June stays, and about a part-Native American woman who works for them.
And when part of your business becomes unprofitable, you drop it; if you don’t, your board of directors will find a new president.
And Mr. Holt, 55, while widely respected, is not as famous a figure at NBC as Matt Lauer, the co-host of the “Today” Show.
But since 2002, religious organizations have been allowed to continue using school facilities while the court battles played out.
The three posts linked to advertising were deleted for different reasons, including the appearance of a conflict of interest and perceived bad taste, according to the memo.
But there is dangerous ground along the way: Taxes, estate planning, rules around gifting to relatives, timing of withdrawals from retirement accounts and other issues can be immensely complex and are getting more so.
She was talking between bites.” Peggy MacDonald, 51, is currently under Dr. Esserman’s care, on a watch-and-wait course.
(It may explain why David Bowie, who pondered “Life on Mars” in song , is such a durable inspiration to men’s designers — more so than, say, the Eagles.)
Before I start thanking communities, teams, family and friends that I do know and many others that I have yet to have the pleasure of getting to know, I would like to say that this is not my speech to give.
“Midway Avenue,” she tells us, is about memory — what sticks and what doesn’t.
Did the propaganda official leak the document to me with the intent to frame her, I wondered.
Sitting in his office and looking across the street at the Stanford campus, he mourned the fact that some parents feel that such a school is the only acceptable outcome.
“I would have never done that three years ago, four years ago; I would have stayed in the zone,” she said.
So we thought, ‘O.K., you don’t ask, you don’t get.’ ” In early 2012, Ms. Taylor and Ms. Wils met with Mr. Diller in his office, showing him an early sketch for an amoeba-shaped pier that Ms. Wils had conceived.
“Y la Unión Europea también necesita este éxito.” Pero Europa es cada vez más ambivalente.
Protesters and Internet vigilantes alike have spoken out with signs saying “WE ARE CECIL” and “#CatLivesMatter.” However, some have taken it further with the organization PETA calling for Dr. Palmer to be “hanged” and another protester declaring that Dr. Palmer should “rot in hell.” While many people are outraged and heartbroken over Cecil’s death, I have a different perspective on the situation.
His football career remains in serious jeopardy, although Coughlin has said that a full recovery is still possible.
Before the largess flows, she wants Anton dead.
And yet this is what any ­would-be mathematician must summon the courage to face down: weeks, months, years on a problem that may or may not even be possible to unlock.
Defense lawyers argued that the men had already more than paid the price for their remaining convictions, for obstructing justice.
My best life is never going to resemble, say, Angelina Jolie’s; I don’t have the cheekbones, can’t fly my own plane, and refugees make me too sad.
And we want to make sure that we notify the families first.” The Colorado Springs Police Department said it responded to a report of gunfire at 8:45 a.m. on Saturday in a largely residential area just east of downtown.
Mr. Thain has broken through, however, meaning that his peers will probably test the $50 billion boundary, too.
Jess has found work as a personal gofer, inevitably placing her story in a by now well-worn groove of popular fiction carved a decade ago by “The Nanny Diaries,” “The Devil Wears Prada” and their knockoffs.
“Post-recession, we saw a resurgence of the luxury industry,” Ms. Wierzba said of the years after the 2008 financial crash.
And though he at times looked awkward, no one could accuse him of not trying to have fun with Ms. DeGeneres.
Terry, a known scoundrel, was a close friend of Wharton’s, and a particular personal enemy of Baylor’s.
At 7:30 p.m., Merkin Concert Hall, Goodman House, 129 West 67th Street, Manhattan, 212-501-3330, kaufman-center.org.
WATERBURY Mattatuck Museum “Community Free Day: Picture Perfect,” art activities.
Perhaps this difference functions ambiguously enough that I still do not fully understand it.
Mounting federal penalties cut local services and threatened more and more layoffs.
Earlier this season, the player on that journey might have felt euphoric or glum, depending on the direction.
If the Nationals want to show real leadership — and support for Harper, their franchise player — they should suspend Papelbon for the rest of the season and fire Williams.
But even as most liberal Democrats have become disenchanted with the trade agenda advocated by a variety of American business interests, it is the erosion of support in the rank-and-file right that has Mr. Obama sweating the most.
“If I take this and go, ‘Oh, my gosh, I can’t let anybody know what happened to my brother,’” she said, “then I’m just adding to the problem.”
The initiative focuses on training teachers living in earthquake-prone countries of Central Asia as earthquake safety messengers in their schools and the greater community.
This chapter is dedicated to him, in hope that he will one day regain his voice and his freedom.’’ Marjorie Anna Stubblefield goes by her middle name, pronounced with an aristocratic a , as in the word ‘‘nirvana.’’ Her last name is her former husband’s.
Almost every time they started to speak, they were interrupted or shot down before finishing their pitch.
He designed his first when he was 15, a snow scene for the city of Whittier in California, and his final one in 2014, when — typically — he fielded multiple floats in the annual New Year’s Day procession in Pasadena.
Cup on Saturday, while seventh-tier Blyth surrendered a two-goal lead to lose, 3-2, against second-division Birmingham.
“Soon it will be filled up, and it will be the biggest refugee camp in Turkey,” said the camp’s director, Mehmet Han Ozdemir.
The police said he appeared to have been ambushed by three men who had pulled to the side of the road on a motorcycle.
“I asked myself, who is that up there?” she recalled, smiling wickedly.
Sponsored by the Flatiron/23rd Street Partnership; discoverflatiron.org.
Both men returned to Florida to try to restart their business careers.
But the record of government and corporate actions so far remains mixed.
Low The third in the mini-chain of Safestay hostels, Safestay Holland Park opened in August occupying the portion of the 17th-century Holland House that withstood 22 bombs during the World War II Blitz as well as a 1950s-era addition.
inquiry is also examining whether DraftKings encouraged and accepted deposits and bets from states where the contests were prohibited, according to fantasy players who said they had been contacted by agents.
You can use these sentence frames: The word that goes in the first blank is _________.
“It was a truce: Neither side was particularly happy, but one side felt like they were making progress, and the other side felt like they hadn’t given up everything,” said C. Danielle Vinson, a political scientist at Furman University in Greenville.
I’m looking at a script I’m going to be shooting in literally an hour.
At Your Service | 10 a.m. Ease into the day at the Beauty Shop Restaurant in Midtown, with an ambience that neatly combines a little kitsch with refinement.
But Jonathan Prince, a Spotify spokesman, said the service removed the songs after hearing from the label.
The fight was definitely over, several of the men said with satisfaction, noting with wonder the strange fighting habits and beliefs of their opponents.
He scored or created goals in just about every game.
“We met a lot of neighbors who were like, ‘Do you want to watch the Bills game with us?’ It was scary friendly,” said Justin Kauszler, 26, sounding both pleased and bemused.
Unfortunately, they may not want to be in the spotlight right now.
But Twitter does not do its own preventive policing or scrubbing of accounts, adhering to a free-speech policy that has aroused considerable criticism in the face of the Islamic State’s extensive use of its network, which carries roughly 500 million messages a day in multiple languages.
Bankruptcy codes are far more punitive, in contrast to the United States, where bankruptcy is simply a rite of passage for many successful entrepreneurs.
One of the prosecutors, William Weinreb, showed the jury magnified frames of the video where the two people are seen approaching the driver’s side.
The 49ers could hardly be blamed if they experience some nostalgia, since they have been outscored this season, 140-75, while Jim Harbaugh’s Michigan Wolverines pummeled their opponents to the tune of 177-38 heading into this week’s showdown against Michigan State.
The case went to the United States Supreme Court, which ruled in favor of the colleges and allowed football universities and leagues to sell whatever games they could, a decision that resulted in a vast expansion of games on television and money pouring into college athletic departments and football conferences.
HEMPSTEAD John Cranford Adams Playhouse “Fiddler on the Roof,” musical by Joseph Stein, Jerry Bock and Sheldon Harnick.
The first was to place a higher priority on consensus inside the Fed rather than on public clarity.
According to Bloom, the daemon — “pure energy, free of morality” — is far more intrinsic than thematic affinity.
In the coming days, design and art lovers will descend on the desert east of Los Angeles for the 10th edition of Palm Springs Modernism Week.
In short, Italy has created a popular, realistic, beautifully rendered TV series — which is what has so many people worried.
Customers have complained on Yelp that the store had taken sums as large as $5,000 and still delivered not a drop of drink.
“There were people who didn’t want to deploy it.
“He’s just going to offend everyone,’’ said one participant.
But a report issued by the United Nations this week estimates that 70,000 stateless children are born annually, in regions as disparate as Southeast Asia, the Caribbean and even the heart of Europe.
With Petrobras in upheaval, some investors are cutting their exposure in Brazil, and Brazil’s currency, the real, dipped 7 percent against the dollar over the past week.
They reveal how deeply involved she was with the men and how detailed their escape plan was.
His residency, through Sept. 26, will be his first appearance in the room.
In a slide show that accompanied a client briefing last week, Mr. Brady discussed the assumptions that led the planners to those numbers, saying that a different set of assumptions could produce a much smaller shortfall, just $5.7 billion.
“I think it’s not exactly addressing some of the problems that I have with the final clubs and with the social scene at Harvard overall.” She said the real issue “is the fact that these exclusive spaces still exist and take up so much physical and social space on campus.” Simply allowing women to join, she said, still allows “elitism and exclusivity” to be perpetuated.
But the recipients usually do pay the donors’ fees for storing the embryos, plus lab fees or other incidentals associated with the donation.
“We never got our right money, what we were supposed to get.” “Jimmy kept everything,” he continued.
“Back in the ’90s, this was the hottest thing on two feet,” said Steven Cohn, the editor of Min, the Media Industry Newsletter, which tracked ad data and reports on publishing trends.
A new, softer Michael was emerging, one who could allow himself to cry.
It is the essence of soccer that clubs, no matter how small, can rise to the big leagues.
How have they been received?
Throughout the 17th and 18th centuries, multiple people, including servants and callers, assisted wealthy women as they dressed for the day, while poorer women and those who were probably prostitutes were more often depicted alone.
It was about me feeling ashamed as well.
He sends over a selection of things at the beginning of each season, spring and fall”; but a proxy never proffers anything you don’t already know you need.
Most significant to SpaceX’s ambitions, however, is that after the second stage of the rocket with the satellites continued on to orbit, the engines of the booster stage reignited to turn it around, back to Cape Canaveral.
Bronstein remembered attending games during the 1996 N.B.A.
Scientists studied 1,394 cognitively normal people, average age around 60, following them for an average of 14 years.
“It’s like, ‘Where is the contingency plan?’ Stuff like that freaks me out,” she said.
But finally, when I saw there were only 10 minutes left, I closed the binder and firmly took charge.
“It’s hard for me to walk the line when they’re out there targeting me,” he said.
From 2012 to 2014, he was the Democratic staff director for the House of Representatives Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Human Rights and International Organizations.
What happened in these places?
As with the receptions earlier in the day, the events at 88 Palace began with the guests first checking in at tables where they deposited money into red envelopes, which they signed on the back.
But in San Antonio, in the 1950s, Ms. Frye grew up the middle child in a middle-class home where gender roles, true to the era, were rigidly fixed.
In a new fund-raising email, the campaign committee Friends of Scott Walker denounces the “liberal media,” echoing in more florid language Mr. Walker’s explanation to reporters that he would not comment on the president’s patriotism because he considered it a distraction.
“I felt that I was dealing really well with tough situations, being break points down and in some critical points.
“Just getting everybody focused on the moment, right now, to do whatever it takes to win the game.
Sure, there’s “Strangers on a Train,” Alfred Hitchcock’s 1951 thriller in which Farley Granger played a tennis star.
He is Eugene R. Hurley III, not Daniel.
(“The Magic Flute,” incidentally, will have an afterlife as a film by Michel Auder to be screened at 80WSE Gallery next summer.
“They helped us a lot to control the virus in Sierra Leone.
And I believe it was because it was like Moroccan mint tea — green tea infused with fresh mint, not the usual, often harshly medicinal beverage made from dried mint leaves.
“We have not been able to get a majority of the citizens of Boston to support hosting the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games,” Scott Blackmun, the chief executive of the U.S.O.C., said in a statement as he raised the white flag.
You’ll succeed if you have heart, he’d shout.
When the band arrived within a few feet of the grand stand it played ‘The Star-Spangled Banner.’ All hats were raised, and the cheering which followed echoed and re-echoed from the Heights across the Hudson to the New Jersey Palisades and back again, and drowned the strains of ‘Yankee Doodle.’ ” MARY JO MURPHY
Wayde Schafer, a North Dakota spokesman for the Sierra Club, said there was no basis for questioning the state’s contention.
Until then, I’m sleeping in my space blanket.
At the same time, file a harassment claim and what is known as an Article 7a proceeding in housing court.
The team will have to send a player down on Friday to compensate.
A novelist who wants to write about life as it really is would be wise to tackle this unfashionable fact.
In the end, it wasn’t close .
The police briefly shut it down in 2006 after noise complaints; last year, Sunny Keach, one of the founders, complained that it had grown too big and had devolved into “a bit of cacophony.” The buskers, too, are a product of the new Asheville.
When most people think of the Basque Country, they think of Spain.
Children don’t know gender norms until we as adults teach them.
His busyness was a masquerade for a kind of inattention.” Mr. Najafi identified both behaviors as prevalent in contemporary society.
If this tub ever makes it back to Miami, sign me up for the next cruise.
To its credit, the Obama administration tried in 2010 to increase the representation of developing countries in both institutions.
If he stays healthy, we could see a lot from him.” Last month, Kubler practiced with fifth-ranked Kei Nishikori on a clay court at the IMG Academy in Florida.
To playtime at Jeremy Scott — whose show this season is called “Dolly Pattern,” spelled out on its invitation with kiddie alphabet blocks — or sterner stuff at Jason Wu’s latest collection for Boss.
Also, the Concacaf Olympic qualifying tournament kicks off, with the United States playing Canada in one of the first games on Thursday in Kansas City, Kan. (8 p.m., NBC Universo).
Bowles and the Jets emerged victorious over the Cleveland Browns, 31-10, while the violent pastime that the N.F.L.
Mr. Boehner did not consult either the Obama administration or his Democratic counterparts, something several veteran diplomats described as unprecedented.
Tucked behind the newly renovated St.-Sulpice church, the six-story Hotel Recamier (3 bis, Place Saint-Sulpice, Sixth, 33-1-43-26-04-89; hotelrecamier.com ) is quiet, chic and sophisticated.
Promoters and television executives said the big payday was a result of pent-up demand to see the top fighters finally fight each other.
“But that’s emergencies when they start happening.
He and a cousin, David Bone, then reportedly collected hundreds of thousands of dollars from investors seeking high returns in a venture that would buy and renovate homes.
You’ll never go home.’ ” Officer Eull has declined repeated requests for comment.
It’s 1973, to be precise, an unsentimentally drawn time of stagflation, middle-class anxiety and gas-guzzling cars belching leaded exhaust.
Shenandoah National Park is expanding its programming for children.
Spoken Word GLEN COVE North Shore Historical Museum “The Toffeys and the Wordens: A Family Goes to War 1861-1865,” Bill Finlayson, Civil War expert, examines four of his family members’ experiences during the war.
Each hour was announced by a new classic hip-hop standard.
Neatly tilled fields have long been a hallmark of American agriculture and its farmers, by and large traditionalists who often distrust practices that diverge from time-honored methods.
Also important was that the overall cost of the program did not increase.
Could it be right this time?
When Chris Carter dropped a throw at first base, when he bungled a potential double-play grounder and when he was thrown out trying to reach second base on a ball that bounced off the left-field wall — all in the first three innings — it was not necessarily viewed as a disaster for the Houston Astros.
Mr. Trelinski’s speech is peppered with references to psychoanalytic thinkers including Freud, Jacques Lacan, and Bruno Bettelheim, whose seminal work on fairy tales he cites as a key influence.
A mural depicting the couple walking hand-in-hand into a desert sunset decorated one of the bedroom walls.
Nobody knows what the two have been through “besides me and him,” Mr. Bunn said.
Veterans must be helped not only to experience “the sun setting through bands of liquid gold,” as Mr. Morris describes, but also to deal with conflicts with spouses, demanding bosses and rambunctious offspring.
That was the money I used to get to New York City and finance my first year as an independent contractor.
Any seasoned kindergarten teacher knew the essential value of play all along.
The Wildcats outrebounded Eastern Kentucky (7-3) by 50-25 and made timely baskets before pulling away late.
Students 13 and older are invited to comment below.
Increasingly, athletic directors at major universities have wised up to this class of affluent and grateful alumni and former lettermen.
“I’m excited about the grass so we can just lay down and relax during recess,” he said.
But even so, I did manage more than 48 packed hours for less than a porterhouse for two at Charlie Palmer’s on Capitol Hill, which goes for $104.50, including D.C.’s potentially budget-busting 10 percent sales tax.
But this instrument was still too difficult, slow and damaging to samples to be useful for biological research on live tissue.
In three days, McIlroy has had five three-putts, including one from 47 feet on the eighth hole Sunday on his way to an even-par 71.
He estimated that 30,000 to 40,000 people in France suffer from anorexia.
A lunch highlighting local cheese and produce and a flight tasting of four wines, a mix of red and white, is included.
Felix Hufeld, president of BaFin, said in a letter to Mr. Jain dated July 15 that he did not believe Mr. Jain had intentionally made false statements to the Bundesbank, the German central bank, which also oversees commercial banks.
In his first public statement since the Conservative Party secured a parliamentary majority in the election, Mark J. Carney, the governor of the Bank of England, sent a letter on Wednesday to the chancellor of the Exchequer, Britain’s treasury secretary.
“But I would make him elaborate meals then have to eat them alone.” The late nights ended the following year, when Mr. Odio became director of the Candidate Project, a nonpartisan group that recruits progressives for local office, which allowed him to indulge in his passion for grassroots activism.
All the items, though, were purchased through OfferUp’s own local Internet marketplace, a fast-growing alternative to Craigslist that is innovating in areas that have long been neglected by its much bigger rival, like mobile and mechanisms for making buyers and sellers more comfortable with each other.
Vicki Cervantes of the San Bernardino Police Department.
“I have a great personality,” Mr. O’Denat said.
With the market value of the smaller Allergan at nearly $120 billion, it would be the biggest merger in a banner year for deal making and the biggest takeover ever in health care.
PAWLING Daryl’s House John Ford Coley and Terry Sylvester, rock.
Doling wrote last year on his website, Historic Vietnam.
“I just said: ‘You’re on.
As a human being, he had his weaknesses, women chief among them.
Information on her survivors was not available.
I wasn’t there, though a few shaky videos are available online.
Visible above was the cavernous ceiling of the Armory; turning around revealed rows of guests, almost touchable.
During the week of April 13, she made 22 trips for Lyft over the course of 35 hours and ended up making $311.40 in tips and fares after Lyft took its commission, she says.
The vegetable dumplings, filled with shredded cabbage and carrots, were steamed and then charred in a pan, leaving them airy with a crispy exterior.
$2 to $5; members and children under 8, free.
The authorities had not identified a motive for the attack.
“An initial investigation also shows that Wei Yinyong had conflicts with villagers nearby and relevant units because of quarry production,” the report said.
Techno music pounded directly below their bedroom, rattling the floorboards.
The reason, in short, was that Martin would make everyone around him better.
Was it once, as legend has it, a speakeasy?
Of the 31 players heading to the World Cup, 17 will be playing in their first World Cup, yet the team has a combined 1,484 games of test experience.
Mr. Netanyahu, like many Jews here, singled out Islamic terrorism as the biggest threat to Jews in France and beyond.
Sticking one’s head in the oven was no longer a reliable way to kill oneself — and there was surprisingly little substitution of other methods.
“You will have some of Modi’s supporters saying, ‘You’re opening the door to China in some sensitive sectors,’” said Ms. Madan, the scholar at the Brookings Institution.
“I love the narrative,” says Erdem Moralioglu, who shot plastic lurex through his damask and left the edges frayed.
(Burke) Olga Pericet (through April 26) A rising star in Spain, the flamenco dancer Olga Pericet brings her new show, “Flamenco sin título” (“Flamenco Untitled”), to Manhattan, delivering the simple, profound and intricate pleasures of solo dancing to live music.
George Cleve, a conductor known to New York audiences for his guest appearances with the Mostly Mozart Festival and the New York City Ballet, died on Thursday at his home in Berkeley, Calif.
He wanted it renamed “Elderly Man River.” Mr. Freberg made his most lasting impact in advertising, a field he entered because he considered most commercials moronic.
If, in the future, the initiative gives stock away to charity, its owners will get a double bonus — they will pay no tax on the gain on the stock, and they will be allowed deduct the full value of the donated stock against other income they might owe taxes on.
They saw themselves as modern but godly.
Ingram, which moves coal and grain south down the Mississippi River and concrete and road salt north to Minnesota and Illinois, accounts for 20 percent of all barge traffic.
“You take him seriously, regardless of his age or anything else,” said Angels pitcher C. J. Wilson, who faced Rodriguez last week.
But what really sets Ms. Spaltro apart is her singing, which is moody but powerful.
That case was pressed by the chancellor for the University of Texas system, William McRaven, who hardly winces at the mention of firearms.
Independently, China has also estimated the program to be capable of producing the higher range of weapons, another expert on North Korea told The Times.
Witnesses have testified that the bribes were used to finance her presidential campaign, a claim she denies.
“We can create 100 barriers to someone using this technology improperly, and someone will find the 101st way to use it improperly.” For law enforcement officials, the question is whether they can develop systems that effectively detect, and eventually stop, drones approaching potential targets.
A taxi killed one pedestrian and critically injured two others in the Bronx on Friday when it jumped a curb and careered onto the sidewalk on a snowy night, the police said.
A string is attached to each like a leash, and delighted children drag them around.
He also gave me the name and cellphone number of the second stowaway, David George Mndolwa, who had survived.
The roughly 30 employees who remained were laid off on Jan. 1.
Properties in the borough tend to be smaller than in the township, said Kim Czachor, an agent at Coldwell Banker in Chatham.
But whether that amount of exercise represents the least amount that someone should do — the minimum recommended dose — or the ideal amount has not been certain.
Mr. Kamp, who had turned in early to be up for his shift with the Postal Service, reached for the phone next to his bed, read the text, turned to his wife and said, “I’m going to be gone for a while.” An hour earlier, a 27-year-old Marine veteran, Charles Gerard, had changed his Facebook profile photo to an image of a rifle stuck in the dirt, topped with a helmet — the symbol of someone killed in action.
He’ll look at a problem and create a solution using any means available to him.
To deal with the fragmentation in the markets, the S.E.C.
“Our strong Q2 results reflect continued growth across the breadth of our products, most notably core search, where mobile stood out, as well as YouTube and programmatic advertising,” Ms. Porat said.
Before that, however, the Palestinians have to resolve their own problems, beginning with the split between the Palestinian Authority , led by Mr. Abbas’s Fatah faction, and Hamas in Gaza , Mr. Khatib said.
Today it is called Bekenstein-Hawking radiation, and its discovery is considered a landmark in the quest, so far unfinished, to fulfill the Einsteinian dream of a unified theory of both the gravity that bends the cosmos and the quantum chaos that lives inside of it, so-called quantum gravity.
Roy Moore is right that on its face, Granade’s order doesn’t require state probate judges all over Alabama — who weren’t named in the case Granade heard — to issue marriage licenses.
Horne does not come close to proving his thesis.
According to the food writer Roy Andries de Groot, the phrase à la Grecque is attached to many dishes that came to France with refugees (many of them Greek) from the Ottoman Empire in the 15th century and have been absorbed into French cuisine.
After all, it will feel great when you stop.
But much gray area remains.
9 P.M. (Fox Business) STRANGE INHERITANCE A New Jersey family hopes to rebuild the ice cream shop destroyed by Hurricane Sandy by cashing in on thousands of mint-condition vintage comic books found in an attic.
“He’s been struggling with this history for many years,” Mr. Kramer writes of his fictional counterpart.
Ms. Tabatabai of Georgetown suggested that setting up new surveillance in Iran might initially be costly, but could end up “making things cheaper in the long run.” Mr. Heinonen, the onetime inspection chief, sounded a note of caution, saying it would be naïve to expect that the wave of technology could ensure Iran’s compliance with the nuclear deal.
The Chiefs have also allowed the same ratio over the last two weeks.
A day after piling up substantial vote totals against the incumbent president, Mr. Buhari, a former general who once rose to power in a military coup, further consolidated something extraordinary for Nigeria: the peaceful passing of power from one political party to another through the ballot box.
The monthly questionnaire, he said, gauged “the gestalt of the overall.” Using the monthly questionnaire, flibanserin beat placebo in most trials.
Journals, a fixture of the international section, allow correspondents to step back from the news and write about places that intrigue them.
The insurgents’ official political office, in Doha, Qatar, initially declared that the July meeting was invalid because Taliban officials in Qatar were not present and had not approved it.
Her husband, who called the Dawn Wall his Moby Dick, admitted to wondering the same thing.
Wednesdays, Thursdays and Sundays, 1 to 4 p.m. Macculloch Hall Historical Museum, 45 Macculloch Avenue.
(You never know who writes the social media messages for public figures, but the rather jumbled nature of the sentence, and the spelling error, make it more likely that it was Mr. Trump himself in this case.)
Another woman calling herself “Umm Jihad” posted a picture of an American passport, along with the passports of three other Western women.
This put Myers at the center of an exciting time, and his memoir is stuffed with stories about just about everyone interesting from the midcentury art world of Manhattan.”
The art form is a favorite among mathematicians (M.C.
Now more people are saying that Jack Dorsey can permanently run two companies at the same time, too.
A few missed the strike zone, most hit it, and whatever.
Peggy left home at 17 to marry.
China Railway Corporation, the main rail operator that was spun out of the Ministry of Railways in 2013, had total debt at the end of September of 3.5 trillion renminbi, or about $567 billion — up 26 percent from the end of 2012.
From one local, state or national justice system to another, diverse and ever-­changing policies and practices in sentencing — what kinds and lengths of sentences judges impose for what types of crimes, how likely they are to reincarcerate an offender for a technical violation of parole, how much emphasis they put on community sentences over prison terms and many other factors — make it nearly impossible to know if you’re comparing apples to apples.
But we are more than a brain in a jar.
In a slide show of four paintings and one photograph from a group exhibit called “ Opus Hypnagogia ,” each artist uses line in a different way.
Still, “B Corps are reaching a tipping point in market acceptance,” said Jay Coen Gilbert, co-founder of B Lab, which assesses and certifies companies along social and environmental accountability standards.
Still, privacy groups say that even if there is no evidence that analysts abused the program, merely to have the government collect the records damages Americans’ privacy.
“In the current environment, we intend to prudently manage our 2015 capital program around anticipated cash flows,” said Tim Leach, Concho’s chief executive, “and retain significant flexibility to scale our activity up or down depending on service costs and commodity prices.” Even with the cuts, Concho projects producing more oil in 2015 than last year, as do many other companies, potentially putting further pressure on oil prices.
Who was charged in the scheme?
I don’t want any more drama.”
The closing-night headliner of the Pitchfork Music Festival , which took over Union Park here from Friday afternoon through Sunday night, was Chance the Rapper, as modern an independent music star as there is.
“If you consider where we’ve come over the past months in this discussion, this is a substantial result,” Mr. Seifert said.
“The outpost was completely destroyed; it was fired upon a lot,” Mr. Amin said.
She left the bank in April 2014 among struggles in the commodities business broadly.
“Bankruptcy is the tool of last resort, but it can be very effective if you have to go there,” he said.
Mr. Silver, who is expected to resign on Monday, kept the Assembly under a very heavy hand for 20 years.
Of 1,400 students attending its conference and job fair last year, 62 percent identified as gay men and only 14 percent as lesbian.
Once the orbit of these two stars began to tighten, helium from the red giant was transferred to the white dwarf, according to a study published in Science.
A federal directive, the Prison Rape Elimination Act, mandated the collection of data on sexual abuse behind bars.
You can filter the stumbles by specific topic or by popularity, and you can give specific articles thumbs-up or thumbs-down to help teach StumbleUpon the kind of material you find most interesting.
As The Times’s polling team notes, the difference between Mr. Sanders and Mrs. Clinton is not statistically significant, despite what the headline numbers might to suggest.
“When you come for judgment, God is not going to ask you ‘What was your position at JPMorgan, what was your bank account like, did you give money to your church?’ ” asked Father Ritchie.
I will make the sands in the Middle East glow in the dark,’ ” he said in Manchester, N.H., mocking a bit of bravado Mr. Cruz offered this month.
Separately, a new study shows that at every income level, people’s health improves the more money they make.
County documents show that since 2011, 26 San Diego law enforcement agencies used the software to try to identify people on more than 20,600 occasions — although officers found a match to criminal records only about 25 percent of the time.
As part of their investigation, Swiss officials said, they are examining a $2 million payment from Mr. Blatter to Mr. Platini, which they and Mr. Platini said had been for work performed from January 1999 to June 2002 but inexplicably was not paid until February 2011.
Then on Sunday, opportunity knocked down Vick’s door: Ben Roethlisberger was lost for four to six weeks with a knee injury .
Wilber Cañas Velasco is a butcher in Bogotá.
It has since popped up in various locations, most recently at the 2012 Melbourne Food & Wine Festival, where Bakker cheekily encouraged diners to “Give pee a chance.” He collected his patrons’ urine in a large, opaque container at the entrance to the restaurant, and used it to fertilize several acres of mustard seed, which later became the oil powering Greenhouse’s generators.
“The court finds that the government’s failure to secure the border has exacerbated illegal immigration into this country,” Judge Hanen said in the February ruling.
But the standards for stealing don’t necessarily match up with those for originality.
The United States has good reason to push back more forcefully against China’s grab for power in the South China Sea, as Defense Secretary Ashton Carter did on a trip to Asia this week.
The same is true of ocean cells.
That’s just one event in the gory and sweeping epic poem The ILIAD, by HOMER, and it’s the theme of today’s crossword by Jason Mueller.
Then you have these men doing it, many of whom grew up in the South, where football is a religion but where playing football isn’t necessarily what they wanted to do.
The templates of conspiracy and avant la lettre role-playing games Mr. Rivette often uses to power his film scenarios are not necessarily intended to “pay off” in any conventional narrative sense.
He is entering his third season with the team as a cornerstone, a young player whom they can build around.
You’re reassessing your beliefs and ideas.” Romantic artists’ reassessment of portraiture can be seen in the section named “Beyond Likeness.” Throughout this area, subjects make eye contact with viewers to elicit empathy and accent the mind-set of the sitter.
The letter remains vague on two divisive elements.
Even if, this year, it’s the inferior one.
It would be ideal to at least be able to make minor adjustments to Live Photos, like increasing brightness or contrast.
“They are trying to recruit followers here in Russia, too.
Separate the vegetables, chouriço and lobsters.
In a bar, a theater, a university, a community center, at a diplomatic event?
Alternatively, and simultaneously, Arkady Shaikhet and Georgy Zelma and Yakov Khalip turn the country into an armed camp.
Brian grew up in Bogotá, and when William first arrived in the capital in 2009, the two cousins spent long days baking and selling corn cakes on the street, in the rain, in the heat, passing the time making their customers and themselves laugh.
“That’s so boring !” she said, and went on to condemn the way female strength gets shoehorned into the confines of male-dominated narratives.
A year ago, executives of the Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba were preparing a roadshow that paved the way for one of the biggest initial public offerings of stock in history.
Mr. Abedini, 35, is one of three Americans of Iranian descent imprisoned in Iran.
Lafarge and Holcim’s proposed combination has already won approval from the European Union’s competition arm, provided they sell businesses in more than six countries in the region, Mr. de la Merced writes.
He instructed the team to “start with the presumption that transgender persons can serve openly without adverse impact on military effectiveness and readiness.” While the study is underway, it is highly unlikely that the Pentagon will discharge any service members for being transgender, because Mr. Carson’s office will have to approve any expulsion.
(That loan was accomplished with help from the Foundation for Italian Art and Culture, the nonprofit behind the Raphael import.)
“We’re used to things in Argentina remaining in the dark,” said Gabriela Michetti, an opposition politician.
Moreover, there is not the slightest evidence that they were more corrupt or less well governed as a result.
That experiment, so obviously doomed, functions not only as a parable of odious and all-too-real current “conversion therapies.” It’s also an apt metaphor for all the interventions — academic, psychosocial, neuropsychological, pharmaceutical — that contemporary parents seek for their children in an age when aberration is so often a condition to be obliterated and normalcy a way of being that must be molded and massaged until it looks more like excellence.
It will also monitor their cellphone signals so that the health authorities will be alerted if any of them breaks out of quarantine, he said.
For those who have spent more than a decade fighting for stricter regulation of the Internet, the official publication of the rules in the Federal Register, expected as early as Monday, will give reality to their latest victory.
Since then there have been others, among them Summer Nights, Summer Shorelines, and Summer in …, a geographically defined series.
Among the artifacts still available are 88 pieces of steel and 217 non-steel items, including aluminum cladding from the towers, large pieces of the antenna, Port Authority Police Department vehicles, elevator motors and items saved from the concourse-level shopping mall, like clothing, jewelry and toys.
Before Mr. Netanyahu, complete withdrawal from Gaza failed.
Ukidama, pale green-blue glass orbs once used as Japanese fishing floats, sit on a sill, bound in rope.
In retailing, luxury stores like Bergdorf Goodman , Neiman Marcus and Saks Fifth Avenue are kept colder than more down-market Target , Walmart and Old Navy .
The article also misstated the amount by which statins typically lower cholesterol.
Both posted pictures of their cat on Twitter, along with expressions of marital devotion.
“And I know that Jeb has what it takes to lead our nation.” As part of a last-minute push to bank money ahead of Wednesday night’s quarterly fund-raising deadline, the former president stayed on safe rhetorical terrain, heaping praise on the former Florida governor as “compassionate” and filled with “resolve.” The message was a reminder that the former president is still popular among grass-roots Republicans and can be an asset for his brother in the nominating contest: the former president and his wife, Laura Bush, are also draws among Republican donors and have been headlining events around the country to raise money for the campaign.
In one episode, label executives found an old videotape that depicted one of its artists seeming to rape a young woman, and chose to turn it over to authorities.
Always at the service of the text, the music evolves in clear phrases.
And the stars are coming out for the second season of the hip-hop soap opera “ Empire .” The cast of today’s premiere includes Marisa Tomei, Chris Rock, Kelly Rowland, Don Lemon, Al Sharpton and Swizz Beatz (9 p.m., Fox).
Valet parking costs $25 per day, but metered street parking was plentiful and free all weekend and weekdays after 5 p.m.
Every Friday night, his parents would take him to see a Broadway show, which he later said inspired his lifelong love of acting.
TRANSPORTATION City subways will operate on a Sunday schedule, and buses on a holiday schedule.
Put your own water, a sweatshirt and socks to keep you warm, and some of your favorite healthy snacks into your carry-on luggage.
The concern is that some of them might not only survive but thrive.
EBay trades at about 14 times its Ebitda for 2014.
“The hawks are satisfied, and the doves don’t have an argument.” There are many reasons the nuclear deal hasn’t stirred up political passions in Europe.
He learns new stuff every day.
“Los traficantes tratan bien a los que viven en su territorio.
50 is about as old and complex a manzanilla as I’ve ever had, rich and intense, and almost oceanic in its saline, iodine flavors.
“He’s going to look out that windshield, and it’ll be emotional.
wanted to know what accounted for the instruments’ unique acoustical properties.
(Isherwood) ‘Laugh It Up, Stare It Down’ An existentialist attempt at light romantic comedy, Alan Hruska’s quaintly absurdist play follows Joe (Jayce Bartok) and Cleo (Katya Campbell) from first date to probable death.
“I was in my 40s and told them I was in my 30s because I realized that the corporate culture was informed by the youngest intern, not the 42-year-old mom of a toddler,” she said.
“We’re all standing at the lake, and here comes the helicopter with like a 12-foot line holding all of our gear and the two nets, and it just drops it on the ice,” said Angel, who called the day one of the top five moments in his life.
Mr. Paul had little to say about that on Monday, instead reminding voters of his Tea Party credentials and directing his ire at Mr. Trump.
Stephen McKinley Henderson leads a superb cast in embodying characters who are utterly believable and not to be believed.
The footage was incorporated into Mr. Doyle’s latest work, “ Hong Kong Trilogy ,” which had its premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival this month, and had its wider theatrical release in Hong Kong on Monday, the one-year anniversary of the police’s tear-gas assault on student protesters.
And many of those teams benefit from public largess.
On one side is a happy, harmonious land of productive people.
Mr. DuBose is fatally wounded, and the car begins rolling because the man behind the steering wheel is no longer able to control it.
The new demands are unrealistic and, if pursued, would not mean a better deal but no deal at all.
comes to power after Britain’s parliamentary election in May.
As I’ve written in this space before , Spencer Piston, an assistant professor of political science at Syracuse University, has found that “younger (under-30) whites are just as likely as older ones to view whites as more intelligent and harder-working than African-Americans.” Racism is to social progress what cockroaches are to nuclear fallout — extraordinarily resilient.
In “ San Andreas ,” opening at theaters today, the long-feared “Big One” hits California, and a rescue helicopter pilot is determined to save his wife in Los Angeles and their daughter in San Francisco.
spokeswoman in Denver, said it was still unclear whether the N.A.A.C.P.
Mr. Abadi and other government officials vowed that they would retake Anbar from the militants before continuing a march north to liberate Mosul, the second-largest city in Iraq.
Engblom said that Anaheim’s Honda Center also did not have room between its benches, so he found himself on the Ducks’ bench during games.
Every work in the sale carried the all-important certification from Pest Control , Banksy’s authentication service.
Freselle, hard rings that replace stale bread and look rather like bagel halves, are now sold at bakeries and supermarkets.
The Islamic State is facing growing dissension among its rank-and-file fighters and struggling to govern towns and villages it has seized, but the militant Sunni group is still managing to launch attacks and expand its ideological reach outside of Iraq and Syria, senior American officials said.
Players can drop in for a game anytime from 12 to 5 p.m. on weekdays for $7.
We sat amid what we guessed was an N.Y.U.
But in Carnegie’s time, music elevated the masses.
The popularity of heavy metal, Ms. Bello said, comes from its cathartic nature — making it attractive to young people in depressed regions — as well as its heavy use of drums, a mainstay in native culture.
Casserly hired Maccagnan as a scout for the Washington Redskins in 1994.
Marylouise Burke and Holland Taylor star as querulous roommates at an assisted living facility.
“So it will continue.” James M. Demers, a top supporter and fund-raiser for Mrs. Clinton in New Hampshire, said it was “too early to tell if the email issue is turning people off.” “It’s very hard to explain the government systems of classifying information, all the rules, and keep people focused on accurate answers,” Mr. Demers said.
“We were the opposite of spoiled,” she said in the same interview.
Mr. McDonald, 17, was shot 16 times, most of the bullets striking him after he had fallen.
“Well, you do have that one purple shirt that looks a bit blousy,” Richard offers, helpfully.
“This is their World Cup,” said Gabriel Assis, the chief referee for the Nunavut tournament.
She started A Détacher in 1998 with $60,000 in the bank, and grew the business in a manner — slowly, steadily — that would mystify the venture capitalists who are increasingly swashbuckling into fashion.
What do you want to see here?
The daughter of a Communist doctor killed in the latter stages of World War II, Gugu herself is held prisoner for several months by the Japanese Army.
“I won’t answer a question about the goaltending and what happened tonight.
Germany is the eurozone’s fiscal enforcer, largely responsible for imposing severe spending restrictions on Greece and other countries that became overly indebted before the financial crisis began in 2007.
An entirely predictable, mostly honorable movie, “ McFarland, USA ” tells the story of a washed-up coach who turns a bunch of misfits into a team of champions.
None are what you would call glad-handing liquors that make friends easily.
Normally, when there are two favored front-runners in a race, there would be concern that they would wear each other out and set up the race for a come-from-behind horse.
He went on to hold similar posts at the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis, the Long Wharf Theater in New Haven and the American Shakespeare Festival Theater in Stratford, Conn., under John Houseman, its artistic director in the late 1950s.
(There were no women in his power pantheon of promiscuity.)
and despair (three months with no pay ?).
The welfare of the organic birds at the Cavanaugh Lane facility, as well as a few organic hens housed at another Petaluma Farms location, has also met the standards of Certified Humane , an animal welfare certification program operated by the nonprofit group Humane Farm Animal Care.
Lower trim levels shift with a 6-speed automatic with a normal gear selector.
The courtroom, packed with reporters, activists and relatives of the defendants, erupted into chaos as soon as the verdict was read.
That isn’t the case here, as scenes shift from one locale to the next with little connection or momentum.
The police asked the company to let them supervise a delivery if the suspects made another purchase, said Robert K. Boyce, the chief of detectives, as they did the next day.
Most major rental companies say that they voluntarily fix recalled vehicles.
As I was introducing myself, a student came up to my desk and asked for a pass to the bathroom.
Unicef put the figure at 28 million.
Following the parents’ wishes, Dr. Jones removed the remnants of the boy’s genitals and created a vagina.
James R. Clapper Jr., the current director of national intelligence, became the head of the agency, then called the National Imagery and Mapping Agency, just days after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
Around the same time, Drake was having the meaning and potency of his alliances challenged, in a much more punishing way.
A man accused of opening fire on a rival in Brooklyn in 2013 and killing the rival’s 16-month-old son in his stroller was convicted of second-degree murder on Thursday, according to the Brooklyn district attorney’s office.
The airlines say they are fully cooperating with the investigations of Mr. Lubitz by German prosecutors.
Even at the Met, the two strains have traditionally occupied parallel suites of galleries, with design objects isolated in their own space.
As it happened, the casting changed slightly from Richardson to Carnegie, too, though a program insert at Carnegie failed to register the changes.
The poor performance of a congressional party has sometimes helped an eventual nominee: Ronald Reagan in 1980 and Barack Obama in 2008.
“Don’t wait for Superman because he’s not going to come.
“We have to stop destroying history in order to put up boring stuff,” Mr. Diehl said.
“I’m at the lowest level of the minors,” he said.
The film, with a scripted voiceover written by the Oscar winner Eric Roth (“Forrest Gump”) and music by the French songwriter Woodkid , follows Mr. De Niro as he walks through the hospital, which was abandoned in 1954 and stands as a ruin, with broken windows and rusted lockers.
To some investors, the S.E.C.’s ruling seemed an invitation to companies to thwart any shareholder proposal simply by putting forward their own watered-down versions.
In an interview with The Wall Street Journal last week, he said he would welcome American troops to fight the insurgency.
As with Alibaba, realizing that could involve a tax hit to the tune of 30 percent or so.
On Thursday, an additional 90 elderly South Koreans will cross the border for another round of three-day reunions with 188 relatives in the North.
Yet his involvement in the municipal court system might also present his biggest challenge.
He contrasted the treatment of A.I.G.
The movie, opening in the United States on Wednesday, is lushly photographed, poetic and, like much of Mr. Sissako’s work, imbued with elements of fable.
It was a symbiotic relationship that brought together the underbelly of Wall Street and the dark reaches of the online world.
Para las elevaciones, deben pararse con los pies descalzos y levantarse de puntas varias veces; para los descensos, deben pararse con la punta del pie sobre la orilla de un escalón y bajar lentamente el talón.
The ball disappears into the tangle of auto-glass shops far beyond right field, but Harper is unimpressed: His off-season 340-yard destruction of a golf ball, he says, was much more majestic.
The latest example: Wells Fargo announced Wednesday that Wells Fargo credit card holders who earn rewards for spending with their cards can now withdraw their accumulated rewards directly as cash from the bank’s A.T.M.s.
We evaluate factual beliefs often with perceptual evidence.
The company would probably use the capital to step up its marketing.
Petrov cannot be talked off the ledge.
Koraun spoke not long ago to USA Today about that terrible night when the greatest fighter of our time jumped atop his mother and began beating her with his fists.
In Los Angeles County, law enforcement, the county mental health department and educational institutions share information and train staff members to recognize and report worrisome behavior.
Rules exist to protect animals; in practice, they end up slowing adoptions and increasing the numbers of animals euthanized.
Jon Miller, the president for programming for NBC Sports and NBCSN, said the network understood better than most that boxing had been “mismanaged, mispromoted and underappreciated.” Until the creation of P.B.C.
Overseeing that side of things, though, is Nasreen Pouran (Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio), the special agent in charge, whose allegiances and motivations are unclear.
Conservatives suspicious that the Argentine pope wants to water down doctrine are still pushing back.
I told him that he can take exactly zero risk with it, which means putting the money in something like certificates of deposit from a few different banks.
The House and Senate will try to pass a temporary spending measure that would avert a shutdown of the federal government on Thursday and that saves the bigger political feuds for the weeks ahead.
The critic Wayne C. Booth , writing for the collection “High Romantic Argument: Essays for M. H. Abrams” (1981), called Professor Abrams “the best historian of ideas, as ideas relate to literature and literary criticism, that the world has ever known.” Professor Abrams expressed some surprise at the book’s enduring success.
Nearly every area of the economy is ensnarled by rules and practices that discourage investment and innovation.
Its new agreement takes effect July 1.
The process helped me realize that I was spending too much time on other people’s priorities and neglecting my own health and emotional well-being.
When her son married, she persuaded him and his wife to move into the building, too, which they did for a few years until their children were school-age, living in an apartment on the ninth floor.
But the largest sums were stolen by hacking into a bank’s accounting systems and briefly manipulating account balances.
I was putting songs on Facebook and YouTube, just for my friends.
He razzes her for even suggesting she might become anything but an artist.
Here are edited excerpts: To what extent did your own parallel career as a photographer drive you to make this film?
Across the country, districts are struggling with shortages of teachers, particularly in math, science and special education — a result of the layoffs of the recession years combined with an improving economy in which fewer people are training to be teachers.
Israeli leaders vehemently condemned the violence, but the investigation by the police and Shin Bet appeared to be making little or no progress for months.
Under terms of the seven-year contract Peterson signed in 2011, he is owed $45 million the next three seasons — none of it guaranteed.
What’s more, he says, an up-and-coming San Francisco baker may have a hard time realizing his fantasy of learning how to make a New York bagel from an authentic Jewish source.
In Greenpoint, Brooklyn, the Lutheran Church of the Messiah teamed up with a community group, Common Ground , to start an overnight respite program last month for up to 10 homeless men in its fellowship hall.
But Stoll, 33, has had recent problems off the ice.
She describes these clients as people who “see clothes in a different way.” In her studio, studding an internal windowsill is a row of volcanic-looking lumps protruding with spines.
In his latest diatribes, he went from reiterating his opinion that the Holocaust was simply “a detail” in the history of World War II to defending the record of Marshall Philippe Pétain, the head of the collaborationist regime in Vichy, which deported 75,000 Jews to Nazi death camps.
But with such a large Republican field this time, if one candidate amassed a large number of independents and a smaller but healthy share of party members, victory could be possible — especially if the candidate needed only 20 percent to 25 percent of the total vote to prevail.
“One or two places that have tried to do it recognize the economics just don’t work,” said Dr. David Gifford, the senior vice president of quality and regulatory affairs at the American Health Care Association , an industry trade group.
The Kings’ DeMarcus Cousins, who earlier in the day was selected to replace the injured Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant on the Western Conference’s All-Star team, had 21 points and 13 rebounds.
He would not be the commander in chief we need to keep our country safe.
Mrs. Clinton did not hesitate.
Contingencies must be made for geographic paradox.
The two have visited each other’s districts; Mr. Cummings learned about horses, and Mr. Chaffetz got a view of decidedly more urban Baltimore.
”The Mindy Project,” created by and starring the comedian Mindy Kaling, was a critical hit and had a niche following but consistently drew low ratings.
Kentucky was outplayed for much of that game, and had Notre Dame not made a hash of its final possessions, the Irish might have been in the Final Four for the first time since 1978.
The government thinks that with current supplies they can obtain 300,000 rectangles of canvas, and are uncertain where the rest will come from.
It was his best first-round score in 22 months, and, at four-under, it equaled his lowest score relative to par this year.
He also designed the Bellagio , one of the Las Vegas Strip’s most opulent hotels, whose proprietor, Steve Wynn, called Mr. Jerde “the Bernini of our time.” Among Mr. Jerde’s other projects were Canal City Hakata , an office, entertainment and retail complex in Fukuoka, Japan, knitted together by waterways and adorned by fountains; and the Universal CityWalk , a pedestrian-only complex adjoining Universal Studios in Los Angeles, which The New York Times critic Herbert Muschamp described as “a zippy collage of signs and storefronts” that “is more likely to be nominated for an Oscar than for a Pritzker.” The movie analogy was an apt one both for Mr. Jerde’s intentions and for his method.
So the unique sensitivity around Muhammad seems to be a case of religious nationalism, with its focus on the earthly community — rather than of true faith, whose main focus should be the divine.
That status quo may be flawed, sclerotic and corrupt (ahem, Hillary ), but the country as a whole seems invested in muddling along with our system in a way that, say, Germans in the Weimar era or Americans during the antebellum crises ultimately were not.
I think about myself the same way, as moving.
The debate phase allows all of the declared Democratic candidates to speak to primary and caucus voters nationwide.
But the video suggests that they were in no rush to help.
Monsanto had already run television ads with mothers who were farmers.
The tournament will be played June 3-26, roughly concurrent with the 2016 European Championship in France (June 10-July 10).
“Bicycle Thieves” was just one of several astonishing films De Sica made in the decade after World War II.
Firefighters were able to extinguish it quickly, Francis X. Gribbon, a department spokesman, said.
Part of the problem is that the city has for decades let developers write their own rules when it came to building housing.
March 4 at 8 p.m. No cover.
When protesters in Syria demanded long overdue reforms in the political system, President Assad saw this as an illegal revolutionary effort to overthrow his “legitimate” regime and erroneously decided to stamp it out by using unnecessary force.
In some ways, it is booming as never before.
But they are helping us fight ISIS and they built a great university with N.Y.U., open to people around the world.
At least two envoys, from Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates, turned him down.
The year before the ruling, just 6 percent of the players in top European leagues came from outside Europe.
Sometime between Woods’s back operation last year and McIlroy’s ankle injury this year, golf entered a transitional period.
Still his perspective is modestly skewed by two tendencies.
(Soloski) ‘Ripcord’ (in previews, opens on Tuesday) The playwright David Lindsay-Abaire occasionally flies without a parachute, artistically speaking.
In other words, they are human, and the pants of the iconic Soviet hero are often too big for them.
I respect both of my treaters.
Comedy MANCHESTER The Hartford Funny Bone Rodney Perry.
Sherman Playhouse, 5 Route 39 North.
In the case of the new Mad Max movie, you do indeed have Theron’s hard-as-nails “damsel” leading a revolt against the gas-guzzling hot-rodding male chauvinist rapists who “killed the world.” But her quest for a matriarchal promised land ends in partial disappointment, and in the end her revolt still depends on the gun-toting loner male, the violent cowboy who saves/founds civilization but can’t really join it .
(Soloski) ‘The Qualms’ (in previews; opens on June 14) There are an awful lot of people at this particular orgy, as many as 198 in the audience and plenty of actors onstage, too.
In 2009, a similar plan was floated to pay for end-of-life discussions under the Affordable Care Act only to be derailed by Sarah Palin’s bogus cry about “death panels” that would cut off care for helpless patients.
The next day, the Nusra Front attacked Division 30’s base in the village of Mariameen in northwestern Syria, an effort it said was to stop the American program before it could get a foothold in the country.
And in a separate speech here on Tuesday morning, where he appeared at a liberal think-tank event alongside Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, Mr. de Blasio made it clear that his goals spanned far beyond New York City’s five boroughs.
Equally important is breaking down barriers among local agencies — law enforcement and mental health departments, for example — and developing a system to monitor threats and determine if the people who made them are simply troubled or “on a path to violence,” experts in threat assessment said.
Under siege by free mapping and crowdsourced apps from the likes of Google and Apple — and apps like Android Auto and CarPlay — in-car navigation systems seemed destined to go the way of video stores.
He never said he was their hero.
EAST HAMPTON Guild Hall The Hampton Ballet Theater School, mixed program.
She taught economics at American University from 1988 to 1997.
“She has made it an absolute rule to say nothing about anything,” he told the BBC.
There will also be three silent discos, during which dancers will move to music through individual wireless headphones.
“I think for me being a real man meant talk like a man,” said a young man who’d grown up in Turkey.
So Ms. Adepoju spent four years earning an applied chemistry degree in cosmetics and set out to make the colors she coveted, in flashy packaging inspired by her love of hip-hop, both its sound and its aesthetics.
“But if you put municipal there, you’ve just killed whatever you had.”
with anti-Semitism was “really sad and unfortunate.” “There are three choices: a Palestinian state, Palestinian citizenship, or more occupation,” he said.
I had had enough stressors with the fire and the board turndown.” Their lawyer directed them to Jay Overbye, an associate broker at Halstead Property.
When I was married in Toronto, Davies read from the Bible at the wedding.
Once, when an aging sheikh in Kirkuk was introduced to Sky, he leaned toward her, grinning, and said affectionately, “Our Miss Bell.” The Kurdish president of Iraq, Jalal Talabani, shouted at her: “Do you know what they call you?
In 2008, a heckler told Hillary Clinton to iron his shirt ; last year, Chelsea Clinton’s pregnancy and the birth of her daughter inspired some to ask whether Mrs. Clinton might prefer to spend time with her grandchild than run for president (a question rarely asked of, say, Mitt Romney , whose seventeenth and eighteenth grandchildren were born during his presidential campaign).
How did you come to make “Maggie’s Plan?” It’s based on an unpublished novel by Karen Rinaldi, a friend of mine, who sent me the book.
It was an offer too good to refuse for an event so hard to get into.
Several players warrant all-star consideration on a team that has won 18 of its last 20 games.
The project’s authors write that despite the painstaking effort to duplicate the original research, there could be differences in the design or context of the reproduced work that account for the different findings.
It originally had heating pipes in the ceiling and the floor, but the ceiling pipes reportedly froze early on and were never adequately repaired.
150 West 17th Street, Chelsea, 212-620-5000, rubinmuseum.org.
“I was given watches, necklaces, bracelets through the years, but I kind of lost it all and I didn’t find it again,” said Ms. Rampling (who has been described by reporters as “chilly” and “remote,” though “self-contained” may be more to the point).
Other pro tips from the area: If your children are in the mood for a branded media experience, head to the steel-and-glass architectural wonder that is the CNN Center.
“Nobody would say there’s any real risk of corruption because he’s calling up his old friends,” the chief justice said.
The kitchen is also automated, though he declined to reveal how, and the company is experimenting with how to further automate food preparation and delivery.
The reason for the eavesdropping is unclear, but the government routinely listens to the phone calls and reads the emails of foreign officials.
“You wish you were as good as your dad,” Cromartie wrote, referring to the Hall of Famer Kellen Winslow.
“Debating isn’t much different than all the press conferences I do, though debate moderators do try to get you with the gotcha questions — ‘Name the third-string general of a certain army that is based in an area that used to be such-and-such country.’ Voters see through the whole gotcha thing, though, so I’m not worried.
“But months after Mr. Silver’s arrest, the governor said he had already proposed every law imaginable, and you can’t legislate morality or intelligence.” After the verdict, Mr. Cuomo put out a statement saying it was time for the legislature to take seriously the need for overhaul — leaving the door open, Ms. Craig said, for alterations to the state’s ethics laws.
They have not won a playoff game since the 2012 division series, even after splurging for Masahiro Tanaka, Jacoby Ellsbury, Brian McCann and Carlos Beltran before the 2014 season.
A Holmes 3-pointer put Texas up, 42-38, but the Jayhawks responded with an 8-0 run behind consecutive 3-pointers from Wayne Selden Jr. and Greene.
In 2011, he resigned as president of Hudson Catholic Regional High School in Jersey City after he was charged with driving while intoxicated after being involved in a traffic accident.
Chain and big box stores are in — immigrants fixing cars are out.
In simple terms, the motivations for passing these laws — and their likely applications — have changed.
Along with the familiar hipster household clichés (the electric typewriter, the wall of vinyl records), the young couple proudly displays a Reagan-era library of movies on VHS tapes, along with a shelf of music cassettes.
A group called Friends of the East Hampton Airport, whose membership includes aviation interests, quickly formed to file lawsuits to stop the changes, succeeding in at least temporarily blocking the most stringent of them.
During the federal investigation, Mr. Murat repeatedly delayed giving a statement and the attorney general asked a judge to order the arrests of seven people who had backed up the governor’s account on charges of perjury or altering the crime scene.
Since the experimental league was founded in May 2014, it has faced operational and economic challenges like those of the failed United Football League (2009-12), XFL (2001) and United States Football League (1983-85).
He estimated that he received roughly $10,000 over several years, which he spent on clothes, drugs and musical instruments.
It is the most World Cup crystal globes won by a woman.
A Liberal in his youth, he held views that were greatly influenced by the University of Calgary’s economics department.
The decision to prosecute the journalists was seen as part of a broader attempt by the military-backed government to stifle the news media and free expression.
According to a transcript of the interview that the I.M.F.
Frozen ortolans (Yves Camdeborde, Le Comptoir du Relais Saint-Germain, Paris.)
Bruno Julliard, the deputy mayor in charge of culture, who supervised the removal of the locks, tried to be sensitive to the feelings of those who had placed them there, saying that Paris was still “the capital of love, the capital of romance.” But he urged people to find other ways to express their fervency.
(This arena was far smaller, holding about 13,000 people.)
ER : That’s exactly what I wanted, a through line.
Dinner jackets in rich bouclés, heavy tweeds and bold tartan plaids looked less stuffy when paired with trousers worn out at the knees and baggy jeans with deep cuffs.
Cardinal Dolan blessed the body again, sprinkling it with holy water, and the doors swung closed.
“Loud and strong contrasts with soft and gentle.
His first appearance quickly accrues hundreds of thousands of YouTube views.
“That was the moment we can never forget,” he said.
The Paris prosecutor, François Molins, said that according to witnesses, the attackers had screamed “Allahu akbar!” or “God is great!” during the attack, which the police characterized as a “slaughter.” Corinne Rey, a cartoonist known as Coco, who was at the newspaper office during the attack, told Le Monde that the attackers had spoken fluent French and said that they were part of Al Qaeda.
A quick inbox count shows over 250 email messages between me and Ms. Rudoren over the past month and a half.
Japan initially offered considerably less, according to news reports in both countries.
But instead, the company issued two news releases indicating that its board might have not been so eager to turn to BGC.
If there is no truly contested Democratic primary here, the unaffiliated voters who are allowed to participate in either party’s balloting could flood into the Republican race and bolster one of the more moderate candidates.
shifted from embracing the issue to criticizing Mr. Clinton’s plan.
Despite the symbolism of the 35-hour week for many French as a sign of the country’s enviable work-life balance, many employers find ways to circumvent the law, including paying overtime at higher rates.
That incident had led to a sharp deterioration in the countries’ relationship, which was originally damaged by the 2008 Gaza war and a quarrel at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, the year after that.
But there is something je ne sais quoi about Brooklyn that seduces the French — that intellectual approach to life and style, which, at its core, perhaps, is as français as Sartre and Beauvoir.
You can’t tell one Jap from another.” Japanese orphans were carted off, as well as the adopted Japanese children of Caucasian parents.
The magic-centered “Penn & Teller on Broadway” grossed $1,237,512, a jump of $12,112 from the week before.
DuPont has driven a wedge between shareholders and the billionaire activist Nelson Peltz.
But the cuisine of Naples is much more sophisticated than the southern Italian food of my youth.
Most of our heroin now comes not from Asia, but from Latin America, particularly Mexico, where poppies grow well in the mountains along the Pacific Coast.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday appeared deeply divided over whether there is a constitutional right to gay marriage .
The alternative is the path too many of us take, chasing after random prescriptions for our financial lives and telling ourselves that we’ve got it all figured out.
Depending on how much of a buyout the Mets and Cuddyer agree on, the Mets could realize significant savings that may influence what other players they try to acquire.
The ancient oasis city of Palmyra, a Unesco World Heritage site, last year.
“Whatever has happened in the past or what has been interpreted was not designed to snub the president or the Democrats.” The outreach comes as some administration officials and members of Congress have privately said Mr. Dermer’s standing has been so tarnished by recent events that he can no longer be effective in his post.
The case erupted into scandal, not least because Mr. Thompson orchestrated a series of sensational — some have said unseemly — publicity events.
He struck out Cesar Hernandez looking at a changeup, fanned Cameron Rupp with a fastball and broke the bat of Ben Revere, who grounded out softly to third base.
I’m not for the government for various reasons.
In a statement , Sandy Douglas, the president of Coca-Cola North America, emphasized that the company’s philanthropic efforts were for the public good.
In their way are Rex Ryan and the Buffalo Bills, in a game that — even if they didn’t know it — they have been awaiting for the last eight months.
The former Milwaukee Bucks cheerleader Lauren Herington has sued the team, saying the flat-rate pay system dancers work under leaves them earning far less than minimum wage.
Investigators found that the ship had violated many regulations, including carrying twice its legal weight limit.
Jeremy Corbyn, who became leader of the Labour Party in September, visited Washington in May as part of a parliamentary delegation to lobby for Mr. Aamer’s release.
In these sequences, Rose’s daughter, first seen as an unusually sedate infant, is now the put-upon family matriarch, played with resentfully self-effacing weariness by Siobhan Finneran (best known as O’Brien, the scheming lady’s maid on “Downton Abbey”).
But when the riders reached the final steep climb to the Plateau de Beille finish, they endured an electrical storm with plunging temperatures, hail and heavy rain.
The risk attributed to smoking, for example, is many orders of magnitude greater than the risk associated with eating red meat, said Dr. John Ioannidis, the chairman of disease prevention at Stanford University.
But he said it would be held tight in Russia’s “sweaty fist.” Gazprom became central to a political and economic strategy of reasserting Russia’s influence in the former Soviet and satellite states of Eastern Europe.
“Practically nothing has changed since Soviet times because it was all so effective that there was no need to tinker,” said Snezhana Kotelevich, the deputy head of all the sanitarium’s medical clinics.
During the day, I use Glossier Perfecting Skin Tint.
“It takes people responsible for the worst embarrassment in the history of CBS News, and what was at the time a grievous blow to the credibility of a proud news organization, and turns them into martyrs and heroes,” he said.
And some parents, mostly in suburban areas, had their children opt out of the tests.
Daily audio dispatches from Cornelissen were posted on his Cold Facts website, Facebook and Twitter.
‘And besides, I don’t think our husbands would like it.’)” For the record, Judy Klemesrud, the Times reporter who wrote the article, was a supporter of “women’s lib” and also wrote articles on the movement’s development.
A young child is rescued from a plane crash in a very weakened state.
In the former Dia headquarters on West 22nd Street in Chelsea, it was tiny compared with the cattle-call Armory Show.
We grow fruit trees on about 2,000 acres in 20 locations.
But the continuing instability, and the increased conflict that Russia is, I believe, going to add to, poses a threat to everybody.”
This argument no doubt explains the sharp recent rise in support for legalization.
I also spent some time thinking about how Aaron came off by the end.
Even Yankees fans were supporting the Mets on Monday going into Game 3 at Citi Field in Queens.
Oolong is partly oxidized and often deliberately bruised to release oils and flavor, then heated to set the taste.
In my opinion, only those capable of experiencing it should pronounce judgment on abortion and those who make it available.
But the investigation found that they expressed enthusiasm about participating in the video even after they had read the lyrics.
Now that he is on board, however, it is Gov.
They also arrange for promising recruits to visit their campuses.
So we’re just going to go out and have a lot of fun.” It was understandable if unconvincing spin.
Perhaps asking for revelation in a musical is a tall order.
Here are his positions on some important issues.
Two days later, Nasdaq informed KaloBios that it would be delisted from the exchange.
But workers left an adjacent maple that had signs of rot, fungus and carpenter ants.
Under British takeover rules, Equinix has until June 4 to announce its intention to make a firm offer for the company.
Only a Mozart sonata, the K. 576 in D, left me unconvinced, its hardness of edge more appropriate to the Haydn heard as a captivating encore.
They got a spacious one-bedroom for $450 a month, she said; it seemed the perfect place for poor black families looking to take a step up.
I had come here to help women during their most difficult time, and already I was chucking one of those women and her kids out onto the street.
The Philippines has asked the United Nations International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea to rule on the legality of China’s claim to nearly all of the South China Sea.
[ New York Times ] • A group of scientists just proved that Staten Island has its own species of frog.
The satirical article, published Wednesday under the headline, “ FIFA Frantically Announces 2015 Summer World Cup in the United States ,” mockingly suggested that, to placate American officials, the governing body had added a new tournament, which would begin the very same day.
From Wall Street to Washington and in the towers of academia, people are buzzing about what some say is the pernicious focus in corporate America on short-term profits.
The bride’s father, the mayor of Hoboken from 2001 to 2009, is a real estate investor and an owner of East LA restaurant in Hoboken.
It applies to such products as X-ray machines, M.R.I.
In Bartok’s great opera, with its ingenious, haunting score, the formidable bass Mikhail Petrenko is riveting as the controlling Duke Bluebeard; the impassioned soprano Nadja Michael excels as Bluebeard’s new wife, who yearns to know his ominous secrets.
“You may ask: ‘Five milliseconds?
It’s time for women to start applying for those FIFA leadership jobs and straightening out the status of the most beautiful game in the world.
His perspective was honed during a New Jersey childhood and years in stand-up.
On one recent afternoon, within a minute of being lighted, it filled the room with warmth.
Mr. Sanders has raised more money in gifts of $200 or less than any candidate, Democrat or Republican, an analysis of campaign finance reports shows.
ShapeShifter Lab, 18 Whitwell Place, Park Slope, Brooklyn, shapeshifterlab.com.
“All these people have been working closely together for weeks now, often doing long hours,” she said.
But there are no great riches for those on the lowest rung.
The purpose is to cut recidivism.
It’s tempting to simply look away from Patel’s case on the grounds that it is an outlier, however tragic.
Still, I believe that any truly successful effort to curb the culture of hate on social media must come from the companies themselves.
Occupy Central With Love and Peace started with meetings to discuss changes to Hong Kong’s electoral system.
It brings together a wealth of experiences and commitments that create a single foundation.
Ms. Vásquez is herself just one of 17 women (“Las 17”) who between 1999 and 2011 were sentenced to up to 40 years in jail following reported miscarriages, most on charges of aggravated homicide.
The drama, which shifts in brief scenes between the real and virtual worlds, offers intriguing ideas on cyber-addiction and the ethical dilemmas embedded in online interactions.
But they ultimately developed the idea into something workable, Mr. Greaves wrote a script and Mr. Gabriadze shot much of the film in long, real-time takes, to give a more of a sense of the stakes ratcheting up.
“It’s what my people would call a shanda, mental health professionals having sex with their clients,” says Ms. Smith.
It’s a scene that haunts the rest of the book.
It eased the burden of high court fees being accumulated by activists across the South, and embarrassed local officials.
Kontaveit, 19, is ranked 152nd and is playing the United States Open for the first time.
Of all the possible uses of robots, Mr. Engelberger remained wary of a military role, which he considered a misappropriation of what was otherwise a scientific “blessing.” While noting that ballistic missiles and similar weapons already incorporated robotics, he resisted a suggestion that robot armies could substitute for human troops to save lives in warfare.
And as the law provides on any day, they were limited in the amount they could purchase at one time.
Prime Minister Victor Ponta of Romania was formally indicted Thursday, a first for a sitting prime minister here, and will face corruption charges in Romania’s top court.
March 7 at 8 p.m. $25 to $50.
The party also said that China would set up a Green Development Fund to promote clean industry and sustainable growth.
Its 2012 release, “The 2nd Law,” cavorted in the band’s most epic spaces yet, complete with disco and dubstep interjections; the topically titled follow-up, “Drones,” is to be released in June.
The film “Furious 7,” one of the biggest box-office hits of the year, has been dominating the music charts as well for months: The soundtrack album reached No.
At Samsung Electronics, which has far more foreign shareholders than C&T, the Lees may find it even harder to get their way.
Public opinion polls show that a majority of Cubans on the island and Americans favor engagement.
There may have been practical reasons.
Most of the breweries were farther inland, primarily in Bushwick, notably S. Liebmann’s Sons, the makers of Rheingold.
“That is the one to choose.” Related: For more fitness, food and wellness news, “like” our Facebook page .
The Times welcomes comments and suggestions, or complaints about errors that warrant correction.
The House vote should serve as a rebuke to that muddled and destructive thinking.
‘Rock or Treat’ (Saturday) You’re heard of rocking around the clock — this Halloween show is all about rocking around the world.
Perhaps sports fans will know them: one was a former Boston Celtics coach of the ’90s (not their heyday, I must say), and one is a very successful Korean golfer.
While Republicans wrangle, Planned Parenthood at least publicly will be celebrating evidence that opponents have overreached — as in 2011 when, both parties agree, Republican shutdown threats backfired politically — and that support for it endures.
I’ve read two books recently that reminded me why I wanted to be a writer in the first place.
Then the duck face came along — as a not so discreet attempt to create the illusion of concave cheeks in selfies.
In a jacket blurb on “There Is Simply Too Much to Think About,” Bellow’s friend Philip Roth loyally contends that Bellow was among those rare novelists “who write nonfiction comparable in strength to their fiction.” It is plain, almost from the start of this book, that this is not so.
This must be a distinctly Clintonian trajectory of forgiveness: If you are no longer my enemy, then I must immediately weaponize you.
Correction: Because of an editing error, an earlier version of this blog post carried an incorrect byline.
Then I shut the computer between 10 and 11, shower, get in bed and pick up my book again and read for 15 or 20 minutes before lights out.
Cuando comparten cosas entre ellos, lo que comparten es lo que está en sus teléfonos”.
As its financial position weakens, Pemex has begun to cut.
If that is the case, they will defend the Islamic State and, even if it is defeated, resist the Shiite forces.
He said that one type of inflater used chemicals that were found to degrade over long periods of time in regions with high heat and humidity.
July 14 at 7:30 p.m. Free.
But all of this was in the service of helping my own company evade taxes.
But I question whether the least aggressive path is necessarily the most ethical one.
But the story of Mariah Idrissi, a hijab-wearing model, has prompted a discussion about women who are reclaiming the head scarf as a form of stylish self expression.
COMING UP TODAY • The city’s jail oversight board votes on a 250-bed restrictive housing unit at Rikers Island for more-violent inmates.
Staten Island ferries are already running.
We need to actively integrate the immigrant population, which is primarily Hispanic, into the American economic engine by providing the tools to learn about filing taxes, opening bank accounts, obtaining auto insurance and other basic activities we take for granted.
A pizza with bacon and caramelized onions was better; it benefited from a sprinkling of fresh thyme.
Fortunately, competitive market forces and hard-nosed bargaining by insurers for big discounts are going a long way toward resolving the problem.
We were a little wheezy but decided we’d probably be fine.
In interviews with Mets fans in recent days — mostly in and around the crucible of Mets allegiance, Citi Field — optimism was ascendant though still freighted with the memory of despair.
For years, they heard stories about her great-grandfather, a 19th-century general who fought in Cuba’s War of Independence.
“We’ve heard a lot about keeping Americans out or keeping Americans safe and everyone else out.
Most puzzlers appreciate it so much that, in the 2012 International Puzzle Design Competition, Square in the Bag got the Puzzlers’ Award, which is given to the puzzle that gets the highest overall score from the Puzzle Party attendee voting.
Two others, Kolbeinn Sigthorsson and Aron Gunnarsson, joined the Dutch club A.Z.
“Wells Fargo’s processes ensure that all note indorsements are done legally and appropriately,” he said in a statement.
It seems aimed primarily at die-hard Murakami fans or children under 7 who will be taken with the animation (the best part).
“Congratulations to Tunisia, to the quartet and to all parties that facilitated the mission of the quartet,” the labor union’s secretary general, Houcine Abassi, told Radio Mosaïque FM.
Why do you have it?” Questions that receive a firm “no”; questions I can’t answer with absolute confidence; questions I have no answers to at all.
Pero luego él perdió su trabajo y las horas de su esposa se redujeron.
ROSENDALE Rosendale Theater “Grandma,” directed by Paul Weitz.
“I am not guilty,” Mr. Niccolini said as he strode out of court on Wednesday night, his wife and daughter holding his arms.
In Hong Kong, residents have long gathered to remember those killed.
It’s like being inside a Chagall painting.
The result was alkaline water, with a pH of 8.5 to 10.5, heated to at least 194 degrees.
The financial, logistical and even cultural barriers have been difficult to surmount.
Mr. Spang knows it, and loves it, and makes it art.
Interviewed by Al Jazeera, Eddie Dominguez, a former Major League Baseball investigator, estimated that 20 percent of professional players were still taking performance-enhancing drugs, and he said M.L.B.
Miscreants, she says, “should be drummed out of the profession or sued for malpractice.” It’s important to remember that people convicted of sex crimes may not only go to jail, they can wind up on a sex-offender registry, with dire and lasting consequences.
Evan is not the only lonely teenager at his school.
Efforts to stem the rise of the Islamic State.
Households that earn $40,000 or less represent about 40 percent of American families, according to the Census Bureau.
Also that month, Anne Teresa de Keersmaeker’s dance company, which works frequently with La Monnaie, will stage “Die Weise von Liebe und Tod des Cornets Christoph Rilke,” a danced adaptation of the writings of Rainer Maria Rilke.
Sometimes a dodge is just a dodge and a gaffe not much of a gaffe.
Mr. Trump claimed last month that he had devised a “foolproof way” to defeat the Islamic State “very quickly.” But he refused to divulge it, saying he did not “want the enemy to know what I’m doing.” He calls President Obama “one of the worst things that’s ever happened to Israel,” and blames him for deteriorating U.S.-Israeli relations.
Searching for alternatives in the face of drug shortages, some states have taken other measures.
He is the author of numerous books, including “The Insistence of God: A Theology of Perhaps” and “Truth.” His next book, “Hoping Against Hope,” will appear this fall.
That announcement — here are the American unseen — the Harvard photography historian Robin Kelsey likens to the splash of snare drum at the beginning of Bob Dylan’s ‘‘Like a Rolling Stone’’: ‘‘It flaps you right away.’’ The images that follow — a smoking industrial landscape in Butte, Mont.
$10 and $12; children under 12, free.
Sardelles, whole grilled sardines, looked terrific, but the struggle with scores of tiny bones diverted my attention from the tasty olive-lemon dressing.
In that opinion, issued last year, Justice Anthony M. Kennedy called intellectual disability “a condition, not a number.” Mr. Hill’s lawyers argued that the ruling rendered Georgia’s requirement “flatly unconstitutional,” but state officials said the appeal was based on Mr. Hill’s “own expansion of the actual holding” in the case.
It also calls for Mr. McDonald to appoint a national expert on veteran homelessness as his special assistant in charge of marshaling the project to reality.
A few go further, telling of how they drank their victims’ blood, a practice they credit with saving them from the madness that afflicted some of their colleagues.
Since the new policy took effect last month, thousands of migrants, unable to move forward and unwilling to go back, have been living in the fields around here, making do in ragged pup tents, their laundry drying nearby.
Paul Ryan was elected the 54th speaker of the House by a margin that included some of the hard-line conservative Republicans who ousted his predecessor, John Boehner.
“I came out of the literary closet,” Mr. Pardlo said.
Yet the $83 billion company, rated two notches below Verizon, is paying only 3.84 percent on its 10-year bonds, or a spread of 1.75 percentage points.
But as retailers have piled on the doorbusters and pushed forward store opening times, a sense of fatigue and disenchantment has crept into the holiday sales chatter.
There was force aplenty; in shorter supply was electric charge.
And after Arsenal rebounded to thrash Manchester United over the weekend in the Premier League, questions re-emerged about the job security of United’s manager, Louis van Gaal.
But investors may still want to remember that while the precrisis money fund risks may have declined, regulatory worries have not.
On the web, “optimizing” has become a fine art — and, if not a dark art, at least a dim one that has become dimmer (and finer) since Siroker did it for Obama in 2007.
The casing preserves Amtrak’s right of way through the forest of columns beneath Hudson Yards.
9 Mississippi State (6-1) beat visiting Tennessee State (4-4), breaking a 42-42 tie in the third with an 18-2 run.
motion to dismiss a case brought by retired players who accused the league of concealing from them the risks of repeated head trauma and promoting violence on the ice.
“It’s a family issue,” Mrs. Clinton said.
Upcoming styles include: swing (Kahulanui on Friday and Gordon Webster Big Band on Wednesday), soul (Dr. K’s Motown Revue, on Saturday) and Latin (Conjunto Sabrosura on Tuesday and an Octavio Brunetti tribute band on Thursday).
And while it was true that her cousins still worked her grandfather’s land, I couldn’t resist reminding her that she was a doctor’s daughter whose girlhood bedroom overlooked Fox Den Country Club’s ninth hole.
The other big problem with election polling, though not a new one, is that survey respondents overstate their likelihood of voting.
At 8:30 p.m., Bell House, 149 Seventh Street, Gowanus, Brooklyn, 718-643-6510, thebellhouseny.com.
On climate change, the G-7 leaders agreed on Monday to work toward a long-term goal of reducing global emissions of greenhouse gases between 40 and 70 percent by 2050, signaling that they are united in support of a significant climate change accord in Paris in December.
And in the summer, artists fill the 10 bedrooms of the central Villa, an impressive neoclassical building.
“I guess people like it,” said Gary Barnett, founder and president of Extell Development Company, the tower’s developer.
Good Monday morning from Washington, where, yet again, there is work to be done and drama to watch over the trade bill.
“I want us to step up and do more,” he said in an interview on NBC’s “ Meet the Press .” Mr. Cameron, whose Conservative Party won convincingly at the polls in May, said he would seek to expand British airstrikes against the Islamic State to territory in Syria; Britain is already conducting airstrikes in Iraq.
But over all the teenagers, who had almost no acting experience before “Game of Thrones,” shrug off the gruesome stuff and have impressed their adult co-stars with their maturity and poise.
Selma Nadel lived just below, on the fifth floor.
I think he’s on the right path.
In 2008, he said, instead of allowing the N.S.A.
Social injustice isn’t the usual battleground for comic books, which tend to be most comfortable with masked vigilantes squaring off against supervillains or saving the solar system from galactic menaces.
It is often a man, and his offense is measuring every ingredient — whether butter for toast, cream cheese for a sandwich or rice for chicken soup — with a chemist’s precision; scraping measuring spoons and cups level with a knife and eyeing them skeptically; checking that everything was done right; then bravely doing it all again and again until the meal is made.
In any event, the area is drenched in baseball nostalgia, and Yankee Stadium is the sport’s grand temple.
“The Road to Damascus,” written by Tom Dulack , builds a thick mood of intrigue even amid its talkiness and an occasional overreliance on delivering exposition via cellphone calls or video screen projections.
Sometimes the game changes and that puts a record out of reach.
Others, like Alexandra Billings , who plays a worldly confidante to Jeffrey Tambor’s character, a transgender parent of three in “Transparent,” are reaching wider audiences after years of under-the-radar roles.
After Mr. Kohl lost power in 1998 and then, tarnished by a party finance scandal, stepped down as leader of his Christian Democrats, it was Ms. Merkel who bested Mr. Schäuble in the ensuing power struggle.
The chief justice’s musings were similar to a passage in the brief.
“Your professor is fair, fundamentally friendly, a little odd, but not very mysterious.
“We just thought we had high cholesterol,” she said.
• An obituary on Thursday about the longtime Alvin Ailey dancer Dudley Williams, using information from Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater, misstated the given name of his father and his brother.
Thursdays through Sundays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Fridays, 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. Bronx Museum of the Arts, 1040 Grand Concourse.
“I don’t mean I see green or something when I make music, but when I start making a song, it looks like a real, physical thing to me.” That the 24-year-old Londoner views music as a multisensory enterprise is little surprise.
That was two years ago.
I fear that the Saudis will not realize the folly of their intervention until it is too late.
Abdel-Aziz bin Habtoor to board, the commander of the Chinese operation, Jiang Guoping, told CCTV, the Chinese state broadcaster.
“So the biggest problem for us is trying to get that team chemistry.
“It’s not just translating to English, it’s making changes to the art, the user interface, the mechanics,” said Baruch Levy, co-founder and chief executive of Legend.
The California chip maker Microsemi Corporation said on Monday that it had offered to acquire its fellow chip maker PMC-Sierra in a cash-and-stock deal valued at about $2.4 billion.
When she first steps in front of a crowd, there are moments when she seems like the awkward adolescent she used to be, all too aware of her size, her looks and her lumbering gait.
Doesn’t diverse opinion fulfill the ambitions of a democracy?
“The reality is we still live in a divided government,” Mr. Cole said.
And therein lies a marketing challenge that can be even greater than the technological one.
The currency, the rupiah, is at its lowest level against the dollar since the late 1990s.
Often recruited as strikebreakers, they were denied access to some unions and trades and were paid the lowest wages for the dirtiest work.
“I am appalled by the lack of process, failure to inform our customers and Fort Lee and most of all by the dangers created to the public interest,” Mr. Foye wrote.
“He’s an embarrassment,” Mr. Trump said.
One of the German tourists in front of me failed either to notice or care.
The idea that he taped a meeting provoked outrage.
“Help us fund the fight by making an emergency donation of $30, $50 or even $100 today,” the email said, even though records show that Mr. Ward’s PAC spends every dollar it gets on consultants, mailings and fund-raising — making no donations to candidates.
“The thing about New England is that we have real poverty,” said Benjamin Forman, the research director at MassINC, a think tank in Boston.
Finally, stores are offering Mets merchandise.
And it does have its place here, in another sense, at a museum that is in Central Park, where thousands of dogs take their constitutionals every day.”
He is also the chief hospital epidemiologist for NewYork-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell hospital, also in Manhattan.
Puig, who defected from Cuba in 2012, seems to agree.
Over the last few years, Baroness has rebuilt itself.
In one of the excellent catalog’s essays, the photography historian Robin Kelsey comments, “In a distinctly institutional space, reminiscent of schools, government ministries and hospitals, Enokura’s pool of water becomes a haunting sign of social distress and historical failure.” Many other works in the show have a similarly downbeat feeling.
I know it’s tiresome to hear about the paradoxically fabulous French eating habits.
“Part of me is still in disbelief, and the other part of me is completely ready for the challenge, and another part is bubbling over for joy.”
Last week, scientists at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration declared that 2014 was the warmest year on earth since record-keeping began in 1880.
He added, “I think Dodd-Frank weakens that, and that’s a terrible thing to weaken.”
May 7 at 7:30 p.m. $35.
My tears are the Lord’s tears.
Holders of lower-priority bonds might like the idea of a federal role, however.
The real reason to love kimchi, however, is for the magnificent flavor it imparts.
But though many of the ingredients and concepts are Japanese, it is the creativity of Mr. Taibe, the chef and owner, and of his brother and fellow chef, Jeff Taibe, that gives the many small plates a snappy signature well beyond their country of origin.
Its floor was covered by traditional straw-mat tatami .
And of course, we’re all different.
Though they may have been there temporarily in principle, for many migrants at Ponte Mammolo the impromptu lodgings became home.
Still, nearly everyone at X was in agreement that the current prototype was just that: a prototype, with major kinks to be worked out.
The entire measure is paid for with the help of a series of budget gimmicks that lawmakers acknowledge will have to ultimately be replaced with a more stable way of financing the highway program.
The investigation into his death, which thrust Argentina into a political crisis, has not established whether it was a suicide or murder.
He said he had joined youth gangs because he was in search of an identity.
Bush, is “91 years old, but he’s just as strong as a goat,” he said.
All-Star, said he often watches college games and finds himself thinking a player is likely to be from his old stamping grounds based on the way he carries himself on the court.
Although the entire class of drugs is illegal because of the psychological effects, each new variety can present distinct health risks caused by its underlying chemistry or contaminants in renegade manufacturing facilities.
But he said they had a “sexual moment” at their next dinner.
Cuban art is, of course, what you’re in Havana for.
For those who are wary about psychotherapy, the online format often appeals, as it avoids the physical, face-to-face confrontation of a classical consulting room and offers the option, or at least the illusion, of anonymity.
“In three years’ time, it looked like a different tree,” said Wolbert, who donated his time rehabilitating the tree.
We came up with some big plays at the right time.” Shaking off their last-second loss in Game 1, the Rangers scored only 38 seconds after the opening face-off when Kreider registered his second goal of the playoffs on a rebound of a Fast shot.
That might call up grim associations.
She learned of John M. Perkins, a Mississippi minister who preached racial reconciliation and social justice and, along with his son, Spencer, built what he called “intentional Christian communities,” including one called Antioch, in Jackson, Miss.
Mr. Bush, a privileged scion who married a Mexican woman and boasts of being bicultural, reflects his polyglot adopted hometown, Miami, and state.
“It’s completely ridiculous,” he wrote of the wasted hours spent researching and downloading V.P.N.
A June 2013 report from Northstar Asset Management predicted a divestment penalty of only 0.15 percent, and a report from the Aperio Group, a portfolio adviser, argued that the impact on portfolio returns of divesting the 15 stocks most derided by environmental activists would be “ virtually nonexistent .”
And to the extent that’s been pretty sticky and stable that might be the reason why we haven’t gotten the reactions that we might have.
It’s going to fill the void she has of being isolated for her whole life in Brooklyn.
“After six months of sitting in my office, I decided something had to change.
The bitter nature of their power struggle — greeted gleefully by their opponents — seemed to portend a long-awaited reckoning for the National Front.
He has thrown five touchdown passes three times over the past five games.. Running Back Devonta Freeman (ATL) — He was held to 40 rushing yards on 12 carries with no touchdowns in Week 14, but that was only the second time he was held below 10 fantasy points since he established himself as the team’s starter.
“Those are personal goals that will come up after the season.
You are in recovery from addiction; what role have animals played in your sobriety?
Thus far, the information is consistent with sexual transmission, scientists said, but not conclusive, and the study is continuing.
When asked how would she handle a Republican-led Congress if she were president, Mrs. Clinton responded that, as a “hypothetical,” she believed lawmaking was a “business transaction” and that “the art of compromise in our politics” was lacking.
If we’re talking styles, if we’re talking life — she’ll always have good advice.” Indeed, Ms. Bryant is a tireless talking head, last week flying to Waco, Tex., to lecture at Baylor University.
They also walked more quickly and smoothly than the women in the other two groups.
Ms. Kane, 48, places blame for her legal troubles on former prosecutors in the attorney general’s office whose work on the child sexual abuse case at Pennsylvania State University she impugned during her campaign and whose explicit emails she found and exposed once in office.
They were not people who might be expected to attend a rock concert at a baseball stadium, but they found the Beatles rather amusing.
NEW PALTZ The Mark Gruber Gallery “Birds and Art,” group show.
It’s a perverse and refreshing nihilism.
Where Mr. Ahmadinejad had once called for Israel to be “wiped off the map,” Mr. Rouhani sent out a Twitter message wishing Jews a happy new year .
“But now I think about that stuff all the time.”
Eduard and Helene Feldmüller, 56 and 70, voiced outrage that the country was offering help to refugees when, as she said, “there are enough unemployed people in Austria.” “We have a good social network, but big debts,” Ms. Feldmüller said.
“The middle market is totally soft at the moment,” said the London, New York and Florence gallerist Fabrizio Moretti, who deals in top-end old masters.
He whispered into her ear that she could do it a few more times.
As soon as he’s announced them, major corporations and industry groups will prepare to challenge the rules, as will Congress.
Connors, who met with Kay, the NYRA chief executive, in August in Saratoga Springs, N.Y., to discuss the advisory council’s concerns, witnessed many of the problems last year and said it seemed that the organization was moving in the right direction.
At Vida y Muerte, a tattoo parlor near Fort Hood’s main gate, Jason Siddoway, an Iraq War veteran who became a tattoo artist, said requests for military designs, once common, had become rare, even though the vast majority of customers are enlisted.
(He lost all 50 states against Al Gore in 2000.)
“For now, we can only conclude that there are more uncertainties.
Debra P. Northern, the church’s director of social services, said that while the church already provided a food pantry, clothing and even haircuts, its leaders decided to do more for the growing number of people showing up at its doors.
Last year, Bruce Keogh, medical director of N.H.S.
Clinton was in fact breaking laws.” He was one of several who made this or a similar point, with others noting that “possibly” was too kind.
That’s what she does.” There is no doubt that Williams was a great tennis player before Mouratoglou, the ambitious Frenchman with the salt-and-pepper stubble, became her coach and, according to reports, her on-again, off-again boyfriend.
How would Mr. Skarlatos go back to real life?
command is known, overrules Gabriel and arranges to smuggle the ailing woman into West Germany, where Elizabeth is waiting with Paige.
plans to send customers machines that will extract an Oracle database, say, and send it to A.W.S.
But Richard G. Mills, the university’s executive vice president, said it was still unclear, three years in, whether the practice was saving the university money.
Other Russian airlines fly dozens of routes daily to cities throughout Ukraine.
However, Afghan officials in Helmand said that the two NATO soldiers were part of a group of Americans.
With the cutting tone he usually reserves for his Republican adversaries, Mr. Obama said liberals who are fighting the new trade accord, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, were “just wrong” and, in terms of some of their claims, “making this stuff up.” If they oppose the deal, he said, they “must be satisfied with the status quo” and want to “pull up the drawbridge and build a moat around ourselves.” “There have been a bunch of critics about trade deals generally and the Trans-Pacific Partnership,” he told an estimated 2,100 workers at the Nike headquarters here.
More than two decades ago, I tried to bridge the gap in the Chicago suburbs where I grew up by starting the Citizen Advocacy Center , a nonprofit to provide civic training and free legal services for citizens seeking local government accountability.
They even took a certain pleasure in the philosophical argument over whether any uploaded mind would essentially be a zombie, with all the behaviors of the original but lacking its soul.
And then they would say: ‘Oh, I don’t want a cowboy anymore.
“People of most walks of life experience movies, from the working class to the super-rich, and it provides a common experience for society to talk about issues with a bit of a ‘safety net.’’’ So a movie like “Selma” or “American Sniper” can be a “wonderful mechanism for discussing highly charged topics in society, and providing a way to tackle issues without doing it outright.” She added, “Discussing race relations/racism is still hard for Americans and an often taboo subject, but one can much more easily talk about a movie that might then lead to conversation about those more sensitive topics.” This applies to discussions of “American Sniper” as well.
Dr. Marcucio predicted that the true story of the origin of beaks would turn out to be much more complicated than the new experiment suggests, involving other genes.
You can’t look away, and soon you don’t want to.
Patrons are encouraged to come dressed in their finest Ferrell garb, but please keep the cowbell to a minimum.
For example, Carlyle Investment Management, the $113 billion firm led by David M. Rubenstein, states that in certain circumstances, lawyers, auditors and other vendors charge Carlyle rates that are better than those charged to its investors.
Because of the first iteration of the larger-screen iPhone 6 introduced last year, Apple’s fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, when the company had an $18 billion profit, was the most profitable quarter ever for a publicly traded company.
Many of the kids knew they couldn’t see the board, but hadn’t thought to ask for a checkup, because their vision had deteriorated gradually.
So the caustic vitality of “The Aristos,” titled after a philosophical treatise by John Fowles, became a first movement; “Ghosts” (2015), a new piece loosely inspired by the slow movement of Beethoven’s “Ghost” Trio, turned into a creepy interlude; and “Hexentarot” (2013), a set of “simple canons for the witches’ Sabbath” that is devilishly difficult, spun itself into a ferocious finale.
“Thingness,” which runs through Sept. 13 and is to open at the Museum of Design in Zurich in February, is the most comprehensive survey of his own work so far.
I think this is insane.
You can keep track of the impact on chicken and turkey farms at an avian influenza web page maintained by the federal Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service.
“And I was like ‘O.K., broker, have a nice day.
Ms. Quinn-Carey was also named in the audit and accused of improperly spending $49,000.
This would help voters cast an informed ballot and would also reduce the importance of big money in campaigns.
It came against the backdrop of fast-moving changes in public opinion, with polls indicating that most Americans now approve of the unions.
, Newark • Weekend travel hassles: Check subway disruptions and a list of street closings .
The crisis “will revive problems solved in Arusha,” Mr. Barumwete said, referring to the 2000 peace agreement that set the course for the nation’s emergence from civil war.
“It’s intensive,” said Mark Miles, the chief executive of Hulman & Company, which oversees the Speedway.
The session culminated in a vote for “the most viable candidate.” The result, projected on a screen at the front of a conference room, showed Mr. Huckabee, a former Baptist preacher, as the winner.
There were no boundaries of ownership or intellectual property.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and on Twitter , and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter .
Gradually he expanded the operation to include the websites of hundreds of other doctors and medical spas.
Her winning combination included mentions of Benghazi, defunding Planned Parenthood and repealing Obamacare.
Parrish Art Museum, 279 Montauk Highway.
Bowden said he found Hersh’s claims hard to believe.
The degree to which Wolfgang Rihm’s new Duo Concerto for violin and cello apes the style of the past is remarkable: At one point, a soaring horn melody emerges from the orchestra that wouldn’t be out of place in the work of Mendelssohn or Schumann, who shared the program with Mr. Rihm, who, at 63, is among the most influential composers of his generation.
She’s been painting moons since the “ blood moon ” of April 2014, and says that when she heard that New Horizons would be sending back new images of Pluto and its moon Charon, she knew she’d want to paint them.
“There was no way they could get the old flavor back.” On a typical Friday or Saturday, the store is filled with customers from nearby suburbs, who have returned to Lopes for those garlicky, smoky flavors they have known for years.
This is not just a nice idea that the people in Munzur agree with in theory, then ignore; it is a fundamental element of the culture that flows effortlessly from the people, and makes traveling there an absolute joy.
Asked if he was surprised the team was where it was — with the third-best record in the American League — General Manager Brian Cashman shrugged.
The total pay package compares with the $18 million he received last year and is more than double the $9.8 million he received in 2012.
(Anthony Tommasini) ‘Die Fledermaus’ (Monday and Wednesday) Though it’s hard to believe, James Levine is conducting his first complete performances of Strauss’s “Die Fledermaus” with this revival of Jeremy Sams’s 2013 production at the Metropolitan Opera.
At Wimbledon today, Serena Williams faces Maria Sharapova and Garbiñe Muguruza plays Agnieszka Radwanska in the women’s semifinals (8 a.m. Eastern, ESPN).
Officials in Louisiana were the last to hold out against issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples , but they eventually did.
“He still has a lot left.
A modern-day vampire tale tucked inside a costume drama of late-Renaissance lust, revenge and religious fervor, “Sangue del Mio Sangue” enthralled some viewers and confounded others.
Assembly member Susan Eggman, one of the authors of the legislation, spoke movingly about her experiences as a hospice worker and the recent death of relatives.
in October 2013, which was 24 times oversubscribed.
Judges could approve release without having to rule on the merits of each case or rule on the government’s detention authority.
The absence of big wars involving many countries, and the resulting destruction, is another, as the economist John Campbell has noted.
Amid all those wartime issues, the Asia initiative was to be the long-term investment that would pay off years later.
With nearly 700 troops, the United States has the largest contingent.
“He’s a very popular figure, but he’s made a mistake by not creating the necessary momentum for the kind of national organization you need to be successful,” said Anthony Scaramucci, a New York hedge fund manager who is now backing Gov.
#StatenIslandFerry has resumed service & will maintain 30 minute schedule from both terminals during the day.
“Conceived in the spirit of an era in which citizenship is no longer a secure certainty,” he said, “it has become a hub for a sprawling network of artists, writers, curators and designers” who he said are also drawn to offerings like Home Works , at the Ashkal Alwan cultural center in Beirut; the Sharjah Biennial ; the Cinémathèque de Tanger ; and Art Dubai.
En persona pasa por un chico de secundaria amable e inteligente con intereses muy específicos.
The customer never wears two new sneakers at the same time in the store.
And then he got to his point.
It seems like this election has been a whole lot about a person who’s very high in the polls but doesn’t have a clue about how to govern, a person who has been filled with scandals, and who could not lead.
‘Mamma Mia!’ The jukebox musical set to the disco throb of Abba (2:20).
In contrast, a HeroRat can screen 100 samples in 20 minutes — ambling along a row of petri dishes, sniffing at each, and pausing when one is positive for tuberculosis.
But that does not necessarily mean he has spent all his time focusing on it.
The IDs are available to all city residents who are at least 14, but they are especially intended to make life easier for those, such as undocumented immigrants and the homeless, who cannot get other types of government-issued identification.
Paige Novick has her own line of costume jewelry, but she also designs fine jewelry, so she is well versed in the wearing and storing of both.
“Any effort to grab more land between now and Saturday night will seriously undercut this agreement,” one of the officials said.
Her selfishness and shortsightedness, and her inability to sympathize with her parents or put aside her own needs are all perfectly normal.
The State Department’s “general policy” was that email generally be conducted on an “authorized” computer with adequate security measures.
The first counterargument is about men: It concedes that there is a modest upward post-’60s trend in household income, rather than a steep decline, but it argues that focusing on the general trend ignores a collapse in earnings for low-skilled men, which — since it takes two to tango, and marry — suffices to explain why it’s become harder for working class males to successfully fill the roles of husband and father … especially since, with women entering the workforce, they aren’t as economically dependent on men as they once were and don’t need to settle for a guy whose wages keep on falling.
Mr. Cruz also recalls heading to Maine in 2009 to meet former President George H. W. Bush — whose son Jeb is now one of Mr. Cruz’s 2016 presidential campaign rivals.
In May 1775, a band of American rebels captured Fort Ticonderoga from the British, and in 1776 cannons from the fort were used to force the British to evacuate Boston.
(He had plenty to be upset about.
“I have no interest in my own opinions or agenda, and I don’t have any interest in agitprop theater,” Ms. Sanchez said.
“He lifted his hand in the air, and it just lowered and dropped and my son was gone.” At least 31 shots were fired, the police said.
First, these issues are difficult and personal, and I don’t presume that my approach is always right.
(The script was created with “additional material” from Andre Kelley, Marvin Lewis, Felix Machado, Richard Norat and Jeffrey Rivera, some of the prisoners Mr. Scanlan and Ms. Scott worked with.)
), but neither was it going to pieces the way it had, for a time, immediately after Vatican II.
In the meantime, the group’s backers will fight on a state-by-state level, such as in Indiana, where opponents of Gov.
The important thing to note is that Tim Croce’s puzzle is fun on its own, mostly because there are a plethora of very lively entries and clues.
“Conservative Republicans are worried about their party, but it’s still their party.
Mauricio is Brazilian, but has traveled extensively in the Middle East, so knew enough phrases to make the family’s eyes light up when they spoke to him.
Shammgod said he had expected the Knicks to draft him with the No.
JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Citigroup all paid multibillion-dollar settlements for Firrea violations.
At the Southern restaurant Screen Door, the fried oyster Benedict comes with Cheddar grits ($11.95) and the buttermilk-battered chicken rests on sweet potato waffles ($14.75).
• Iraqi Shiites praised Russian military moves in Syria , as an American-led campaign against the Islamic State stalls.
“If you were coming from behind the Iron Curtain, you could smell some communism in there.” John Paul reacted by appointing conservative bishops in Latin America and by supporting conservative Catholic groups such as Opus Dei and the Legionaries of Christ, which opposed liberation theology.
That was far more than the 51 percent who used the words “extremely serious” to describe the drought of 1976-77, one of the most severe in the state’s history.
He said 17 foreign visitors — including Polish, Italian, Spanish and German tourists — as well as two Tunisians, one of whom was a member of the security forces, had been killed in the attack.
Mike Huckabee of Arkansas last week in Cedar Falls, Iowa, speaking to about 100 social conservatives who had elbowed their way past scores of gay rights protesters, Mr. Huckabee pumped up the crowd by warning that “religious liberty” was in dire jeopardy from “nine unelected people in black robes.’’ The crowd loved it.
It was a reminder that while the best thing that can happen to a contemporary artist is to be collected, this means being taken away, and oftentimes being hidden.
The unusually happy vibe of the performance is a function, I think, of the radical hospitality of the undertaking.
However, Mr. Deal’s spokesman said that the governor’s office had not agreed that he would attend that event.
“It sort of feels like they go, ‘Hey, let’s do this!'
Utley, a former Philadelphia Phillies standout and a longtime Mets nemesis, drew strong reactions from the Mets’ players, who clearly took issue with the way he had taken out Tejada while his back was turned.
And it’s cold: 19 degrees at 10 a.m. and barely inching over 20 today.
Most of my favorite yoga studios have classes on the service, and I’ve begun dabbling in kickboxing, indoor cycling and rowing for a fraction of what I would pay otherwise.
(Speaking of Japan, this season sees the return of an old idol of the Japanese-fashion cognoscenti: Takahiro Miyashita, of the cult-worshipped line Number (N)ine, who is showing his post-(N)ine collection, The Soloist, by appointment.)
He chose the haunted house theme partly because the subject proved popular when he did a reverse keyword search to see what people were looking for on YouTube.
Our responses vary: “I think I’m not quite as evolved”; “I would take hair over not having hair”; “I want to eventually be at the place in my life where I don’t feel that way”; and “If my hair were to grow back tomorrow, I would have to seriously readjust who I think I am because I have found so much beauty in this.
Finally, one dried flamingo and two preserved in spirits were shipped from Cuba.
Everyone in the room knew exactly how the song should sou-ou-ou-ound.
agent’s quest to uncover a leak at the agency’s Berlin station.
So far, speculation has far outpaced reliable information about the prosecution.
That is meant to help Russian farmers increase production, because prices soared after the Kremlin barred a host of food imports from the West in retaliation for economic sanctions imposed by the European Union and the United States over the annexation of Crimea and Mr. Putin’s actions in eastern Ukraine.
“The grand jury is a vital component of our judicial system,” Judge Lippman said.
Indeed, the Australian Open might be the most democratic of the Grand Slams, in part because Australia’s small population and relative isolation mean tournament organizers must attract far more than just avid tennis enthusiasts.
The National Survey of Mortgage Borrowers , a 100-question survey sponsored by the bureau and the Federal Housing Finance Agency , had found that just under half of buyers do not consult with more than one lender or mortgage broker before applying for a loan, and almost 80 percent end up applying to a single lender.
Summertime calls are more severe, though: dehydration, heat exhaustion and fainting are the most common occurrences, and occasionally cardiac arrest.
Senator Marco Rubio of Florida was stretching the truth when he asserted in Thursday’s debate that the Dodd-Frank financial regulation law had destroyed 40 percent of the nation’s small and midsize community banks, The Washington Post reports.
He attended Duke, graduated from Harvard in 1948 and earned a doctorate at Wadham College at Oxford as a Rhodes scholar, writing his thesis on William Butler Yeats.
Brooklyn Brewery, a pioneer in the craft beer renaissance along with Boston Beer Company and Sierra Nevada Brewing Co., is doing such brisk business that it plans to build a second brewery on Staten Island in 2017.
“It’s delicious, but cover its eyes!” begged my mother.
men’s tournament, skin is concealed behind the triple protection of shorts hemmed below the kneecap, socks raised to the calf and a base layer of tights underneath.
I thought from our top guys to our role players, there wasn’t too many sharp guys.” About six minutes into the game, Nelson took a pass from Bailey, moved in unimpeded and completed a shot just as he reached the right circle.
I’ve devised ways to train no matter what.
Mr. Walentas, 40, is a principal of Two Trees Management, which has developed and managed more than four million square feet of commercial and residential real estate, mostly in New York City.
My favorites from the list of entrees are the veal scaloppine with wild mushrooms; a whole branzino (filleted in the kitchen after grilling) with a white wine sauce and a scattering of capers; and a compelling dish of four giant grilled shrimp atop a bed of sautéed spinach.
It is a topic that has been tossed around for years within USA Swimming.
Mr. Obama acknowledged that key details are still unresolved because a credible strategy “requires commitments on the part of the Iraqis, as well, about how the recruitment takes place, how that training takes place.” He cited a lag in recruiting for the security forces by the Iraqi government, especially among Sunni tribes who are more capable of beating back the extremists that have focused on seizing Sunni-dominated areas like Anbar province.
Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, fresh off a bus tour across the Southeast , is looking to solidify his standing with evangelicals with an event his campaign has been planning for nearly a month: a Rally for Religious Liberty, in Des Moines, featuring the Christian pop rock band Newsboys.
We don’t allow the Federal Communications Commission to be dominated by Verizon executives.
The atmosphere was relaxed, and great pains seem to have been taken to lend a casual tone to the décor and flatware.
The strains are difficult to control, say scientists, in part because wild birds can carry the viruses without appearing to be sick.
The national security issue at stake in the Uranium One deal was not primarily about nuclear weapons proliferation; the United States and Russia had for years cooperated on that front, with Russia sending enriched fuel from decommissioned warheads to be used in American nuclear power plants in return for raw uranium.
That is because buildings that do not receive the particular tax abatement the budget office examined were excluded.
BREWSTER Studio Around the Corner, Old Town Hall “Rope,” drama by Patrick Hamilton.
About 138 I.P.O.s have priced so far this year, down 35 percent from last year, according to data from Renaissance Capital.
“You don’t want to put the technology inside the watch,” Schmiedt said as he strapped on the TimeWalker, a handsome brushed-stainless-steel body whose black-and-red face was encircled by a black ceramic ring.
Again and again in these stories he confronts the classic mathematical challenge known as the paper-­folding problem, which suggests a piece of ­paper can be folded in half only nine times.
“This is an important step forward in valuing music in the digital age.” While the ruling is a victory for the music industry, which has fought bitterly against Pandora over royalty issues, the ultimate outcome in the case is unclear.
Lunt-Fontanne Theater, 205 West 46th Street, 877-250-2929, ticketmaster.com.
As the Ebola epidemic gained velocity this fall, spreading fear and death across one of the world’s poorest regions, I kept coming back to the same questions: How did this one get away?
Weekdays, 9:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.; Saturdays, 9:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Nylen Gallery, Picture This of Westport, 772 Post Road East.
But Kvyat has had only one full season in the series, and his performance in 2015 will prove crucial to his future career.
Ignacio Ellacuría, the rector of the José Simeón Cañas University of Central America, and to leave no witnesses alive.
ROSLYN HARBOR Nassau County Museum of Art “The Moderns”: “Selections From the Saltzman Family Collection,” and “Long Island Collects Modern Art.” “Posters of the Russian Revolution: 1917-1921.” “Frank Olt: New Works.” Through Nov. 8.
He was referring to an Iraqi man, Mohammed Hafedh Abdulrazzaq Kinani, whose 9-year-old son, Ali, was killed.
These are the stories of three people fighting to overcome such challenges.
Larry Harold, his high school coach, told Smith not to sign the letter of intent until he was sure.
They don’t know they can ask for a hearing on their ability to pay, with counsel.
Mr. Satoda and his family were guests of honor at the Yale exhibition, which opened last month.
“I spend a lot of time in the U.S.,” Mr. Figueiredo added, “and I have seen a lot of illegal immigrants that are causing problems, causing trouble in the country, and I actually agree with him.” The relative paucity of tension around Mr. Trump’s lavish new hotel venture here — in contrast to reactions elsewhere in the Americas, where some media giants and other companies have cut ties to Mr. Trump — may reflect how Brazil is changing, and how it is not.
Three United Nations agencies reported Thursday that 3.9 million people in South Sudan, roughly a third of the population, now face “severe food insecurity” because of the mayhem and disruptions caused by that country’s nearly two-year-old civil war.
He is right to be skeptical.
A player on the Bianchi, the white team, representing the Santo Spirito quarter of Florence, went on the offensive against an opponent on the Verdi.
It’s good to spend time in boudoirs as well as on battlefields, and in the minds of duchesses as well as dukes.
At a time of national focus on inmates’ being released from federal and state prisons back into their communities, debate in New York City has swirled over criminal justice reforms, some decades old, aimed at keeping people from ever reaching a jail cell.
The study, published in Health Affairs by John Romley, Dana Goldman and Neeraj Sood , found that hospitals’ productivity has grown more rapidly in recent years than in prior ones.