Descriptions by manufacturers and dealers vary greatly, but few boats less than 36 feet long would be considered yachts.
Like most taxidermy devotees, Mr. Crossfield is baffled by the growing number of British animal rights groups who consider antique taxidermy collectors as despicable as people who hunt for sport or wear fur.
The Moscow Central Securities Exchange, one of the largest, trades shares in about 20 Soviet companies, according to Benjamin Lyon, an adjunct professor of Soviet law at the University of San Francisco who first introduced Sovlex to Montgomery in September.
"It surprised me that I liked 'Hairspray' as much as I liked it," says Grazer, who confesses to a commonplace esthetic: "I pretty much only like attractive people.
As Saddam Hussein has so painfully demonstrated, continuing on this course could come back to haunt American policymakers down the road.
Sunday, when circulation is always much higher, has become the one day when people have the time to read, and the Sunday paper has evolved into a feature-loaded, magazine-style publication packed with advertising and pre printed circulars.
"But four years later I was still thinking and writing about it."
The testimony was in striking contrast to her more familiar role as an organizer of multimillion-dollar charity fund-raising events.
They should have no trouble doing so because the new rule will take effect 90 days after it is published in the Federal Register, giving them ample time to roll over investments into shorter maturities.
Has a player-manager ever appeared in an All-Star Game as a player and the manager?
Grady's baby sister, Liz Spraggins, was spotted in a Pratt City high-school choir in 1964 and offered a music scholarship that started her on a successful career in Atlanta as a gospel and jazz singer.
The Duke, a lawyer and businessman and a brother-in-law of King Juan Carlos I, studied law in Spain and in France and after studying business administration in the United States was involved with oil production and banking companies.
In a time of financial uncertainty and world consciousness, this modest approach is more than appropriate.
Mr. Porter, 35, graduated from the University of Pennsylvania.
Representatives of Revco's main creditor groups rejected a takeover and reorganization plan proposed by Jack Eckerd.
"We're calling ours 'Born Again at the Right Time,' " said a senior aide to Mr. Graham, Larry Ross.
We had guys open, but because of the pressure the quarterback couldn't quite get his feet set to throw the ball."
The City Council also will reflect change, with two of its six members resigning to seek higher office, Mr. Chema for mayor and Joe L. Farmer, a one-term Councilman and the only Democrat, who is a candidate for a newly created office, Council president.
While some have scoffed at making landmarks out of places where movie stars once cavorted, Jamie Wolf, co-founder of the West Hollywood Urban Conservation League, said that there was a "grungy, real quality" to the Formosa that reflects the old days when most films were actually made in Hollywood.
"Since their London conference, the Tigreans have shown pragmatism and a willingness to broaden their Government, while the Eritreans have demonstrated an increasing tendency to isolate themselves," said a Western diplomat.
Every time one Henry James character seizes the hand of another Henry James character, someone is calling it rape.
"Indeed," he said, "most republics of the former U.S.S.R. are trying to reduce their defense burdens, join Western economic and security structures and forge cooperative relationships with the United States."
"Mistakes, I made a few .
Judge Robert Bork was asked some questions like those, and forthrightly answered them.
He wants Mary out of there; funds and space are limited.
State employees, whose salaries have been frozen for more than a year, are locked in a bitter struggle with Mr. Cuomo over salaries.
The best answer is a rat terrier or cats.
Exposure to the chemical, once thought to be much more hazardous than chain smoking, is now considered by some experts to be no more risky than spending a week sunbathing.
Boris Nikolayevich this morning sent me a package of decisions which you have taken and I have leafed through them, and yesterday when I was asked, I said whether -- these laws are not -- are they decrees?
Experts believe that the haze it is producing could lower the average global temperature by more than half a degree Fahrenheit for three or four years, countering the global warming.
Fortunately for Mrs. Coleman, the Jeep, a gift from one of her grandson's legions of admirers, was not yet working.
L. Paul Jaquith, a United Methodist minister, performed the ceremony in the chapel of the Convent of the Sacred Heart in New York.
And that will not be at a restaurant worth name-dropping.
David Lee has a collection of bullet shells that he picks up on the way to his knitwear factory in the morning.
Here was the ultimate tennis father, an invention of somebody's fiction.
Wilson was my model of the man of letters: he was versatile; he made a living as a writer; he educated his readers.
In 1973, he played an urbane marquis on Broadway in "The Jockey Club Stakes," a British comedy.
Maya Lin reluctantly faced the pale light of a Bowery dawn one morning last October and stepped around the reclining derelict on her doorstep who by day patrolled the sidewalk near her loft.
Some board officials and Sandra Feldman, the president of the United Federation of Teachers, acknowledged that students would get two fewer days of classes.
That sac is then merged with another packet, containing the deadly defensins.
A reader has recently pointed out that free rides on tramways and buses in Swiss cities are not new; they have been a benefit since 1989; the number of cities in which free rides are allowed with the pass rose this year to 30, not 25.
This song-and-dance man was also a shrewd actor.
War in the Gulf 4-8 President Bush issued an ultimatum to President Hussein, saying Iraq must begin withdrawing from Kuwait by noon Saturday or face a ground attack.
Mr. Ebert, a graduate of Williams College, was a sector executive vice president with Manufacturers Hanover when he left and held senior management positions in all of the company's main lines of business.
EXTRA POINTS Taking full advantage of the first day off, BRUCE COSLET wasn't planning to come in and view the videotapes of the scrimmage until last night.
"I know just from the people who have asked me to run that we could get the money," Mr. Cuomo said in an interview 10 days ago, And while most of the Governor's invective has been aimed at President Bush's Administration, he has also found time to criticize some of his potential Democratic opponents.
Smith insisted that the reputation Tyson had for ferocity was hokum, and invoked Santa Claus as another notion that adults outgrow.
I was right up there near the tribune, near Sobchak.
Now, Threatt is the Lakers' starting point guard.
"To me, Espy plays the field the way we play in our back yard," Velarde said.
The plan, as expected, provides for the distribution of cash, new debt securities and equity.
The variations on this little beauty are "If you had only told me earlier," "Why didn't you say something before?"
To the Editor: As is often the case in controversies, many of those who argue for or against United States intervention in Iraq to protect Kurds and Shiites from Saddam Hussein's brutality rely on history to make their points.
In 1940, 40 percent of the French lived in rural areas; today only 7 percent do.
We will not hold up 700 or a 2.0 grade average as the ideal."
But Steinbrenner was not at the game and, in a way, neither was Hawkins.
Warehouse clubs carry 3,000 to 4,000 different products, including nonfood items.
Even though the Protestant churches may find the rites of the dead less acceptable, their disapproval does not stop adherents from practicing them.
It was at about 4:30 P.M. on Tuesday that a friend called to tell her that she had won the 1991 Pulitzer Prize for music.
The new system combines electronic ballasts, full-spectrum lamps and polarized panels to eliminate glare.
As Chief Judge, he was a strong proponent of changing the way of choosing that court's judges from popular election, which had long been the system, to having them appointed by the Governor and confirmed by the State Senate.
Mr. Baker's visit to Morocco, to be followed in the next two days by stops in Tunisia and Algeria, is viewed as part of an effort to gain the broadest possible Arab support for the peace process, which Washington hopes to launch in October with an international meeting co-sponsored by the United States and the Soviet Union.
The Redskins (12-1) started slowly against the troubled Rams (3-10), who have lost seven straight.
His long dance days now began at 8 A.M. every day in physical therapy and often ended at 11 P.M. "But then, my left hip went out, and I couldn't walk."
Foster, too, had to go to extremes for his gold medal.
Do not overcook or the burger will be dry.
Go to Montauk Downs, a splendid public course redesigned by Robert Trent Jones several years ago, or Indian Island in Riverhead.
Mr. Simmons has 10 days from that announcement, or until Thursday, to disclose whether he will try to get his own slate elected.
said its estimate of such expenses over the next 20 years, under new accounting guidelines that will soon take effect, was in a range of $16 billion to $24 billion.
Among the characters fashioned from "The Mikado" is Sing-Song, the Lord High Commissioner of Important Things.
This may be perceived by some as an upset because Indiana was ranked second and U.C.L.A.
"Marketers are now an essential part of most senior management teams," she said.
Mr. Rorem's dozen or so solo instruments achieve a nice irony: buoyant movement and skittering wind phrases played against heavy themes of murder and greed.
That exceeded Bruce Jenner's 15-year-old American record of 8,634 and missed equalling Daley Thompson's seven-year-old world mark of 8,847.
Dennis Byrd, the team's sack leader last season with 13, has yet to gain one this season.
Limiting defects will have a lot to do with the long-term success or failure of the cars.
Some of those questions concerned conversations between other people.
(Mildred Glimcher's catalogue text helped, too.)
Some were eager to return, but there were strong feelings of guilt, of being torn.
The affiliate's operations in northern New Jersey in particular have felt the brunt of the recession, Media General said.
"But there are dumb ways of saving money and wise ones.
But there exists an even more violent revolutionary strategy: put things where they don't belong.
This walk is slanted, so that it tilts toward the foundation.
This could have been at least a month, he said, before Mr. Allen brought his concerns to you on October 1, 1986.
Among them: a near glut in network comedies; the growth of Fox, which now provides programs for many independent stations that used to buy a lot of syndicated shows, and hard-nosed marketing by game- and talk-show syndicators, like King World, which have locked up many stations in long-term deals for programs like "Jeopardy" and "The Oprah Winfrey Show."
At issue were scientific tests that at the time of her trial in 1974 were said to establish that Miss Ward had handled nitrogylcerine, an ingredient used in the bombs.
"Doctors told me it's just the way your muscle is formed," she said in a recent telephone interview.
Sunday morning after a big breakfast, they do a quick tour of the Bronx Zoo and go to a matinee of "The Secret Garden" on Broadway.
But American Navy officials interviewed today were not so sure, and the American commander of the battle group attached to the aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt in the gulf said it was too early to say whether military operations might be jeopardized by the slick.
meeting in Kona, Hawaii, it will be the decisive factor.
The most prominent recipient was the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance, which won more than a fourth of the vote and now sits as the official opposition in the Namibian Parliament.
Ms. Carter and her husband, John Medina, were arrested Friday after police found 8-year-old Tiesha, scarred and beaten, in the family's apartment in the Morris Heights section of the Bronx.
Patton, whose 3-pointer at the buzzer beat Vanderbilt last month, gave the Bulldogs (17-11) a 73-70 lead on a 3-pointer with 1:58 left.
Ms. Makarski repeated them in a different setting and in a different way.
But Mr. Abraham said the pay-per-view coverage of the Holyfield-Foremen fight had implications that never existed before, namely the the great amount of money that is expected to be made.
Obligingly, the author recalls, "I leaned under the tail and slid my first two fingers inside the cloaca, squooshy and cool."
I see her out here on Jackson Avenue prostituting herself.
Other local officials do not disagree.
"I've been around long enough to know that if you draft someone in the first round and pay him a million-dollar signing bonus, they'll play him," Carthon said today.
They split at home against the Red Wings and lost twice in Detroit before winning three games in a row to become only the eighth team to rally from a three-games-to-one deficit.
Toby and Itzhak Perlman of New York have announced the engagement of their daughter Navah Miriam Perlman to Robert David Frost, the son of Susan and William Lee Frost of New York.
He promptly bumped Erik McMillan from the starting job.
A Federal Aviation Administration spokesman, Robert Buckhorn, said last night that the F.A.A.
This year, the first players reported to camps almost two weeks ago and exhibition games begin Thursday, with tickets increasingly hard to come by.
The reserve, which has been tapped twice by the Bush Administration, contains nearly 600 million barrels.
STUDYING baby barn owls fitted with glasses that distorted their vision, scientists at Stanford University have found new evidence that vision plays a crucial role in how animals learn where a sound comes from.
Newell, in amending its application to buy the shares under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, said its new plan called for the purchase of more than $15 million worth of the common shares of Stanley Works, a maker of hand tools in New Britain, Conn. Last week, Stanley sued seeking to block the purchase under antitrust laws.
So why is the joy so restrained on Wall Street?
"Three years ago, 100 kilos was considered a significant cocaine seizure in Guatemala," he said.
Indeed, Richard Jennings, the executive director of the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation in Los Angeles, said yesterday that he was reconsidering an original call for a boycott against NBC until he saw a copy of the script.
This delay for Unbridled, a 4-year-old colt, carries a special sigificance because his 1991 debut had been shaping up as a racing gala: he was preparing to take the stage in the $500,000 Donn Handicap, the inaugural event in the new American Racing Championship series of 10 races for older horses.
Both also said that some of the report's major recommendations appeared to be impractical or unneeded.
"I love it," he said.
Westinghouse is a Dow component.
Although New York City's prestigious Cavendish Club died last May, its offspring, the Cavendish South, lives on in Hallendale, Fla. Michael Moss, a leading member of the old club and the proprietor of the new one, organized an Invitational Calcutta Pairs last weekend along lines made famous by the original club.
Mr. Ghali played a critical role on Egypt's team during the negotiations that produced the Camp David peace accords, and diplomats have said that the Israelis expressed admiration for his skills.
But since Time Warner has continually led Wall Street to believe that it might consummate such a deal by the end of the year, analysts remained skeptical that such a deal would materialize even with a healthier balance sheet.
And the cost of real estate in the city drives up the cost of the merchandise.
Conrad had been thinking in English for eleven years, had lived his Eastern experience in English and did not hesitate about which language to use in his nautical novels.
"My mother steals clippings of plants wherever we go," her daughter Kathy Newsom added.
He took the puck in his own end, banked a pass off the boards around one Islander defenseman, raced down the ice, beat another defenseman to the puck, cut in on goal on the backhand and shot while being tripped from behind.
The Alabama amendment created a string of private all-white schools, leaving public schools largely underfinanced and black.
Some reasoned that one way to get genes into a cell nucleus would be by mimicking the methods used by nature's own best invader, the virus.
She will travel to Spain for the World Youth Cup soon, and will probably play in three more pro tournaments in October and November.
The foundation has provided almost the sole support for work in developing a vaccine for onchocerciasis.
If it is not pricked, there is a good chance that you'll eventually induce it to take, although that inducement could involve 50 additional casts and several changes of flies.
"It has become a major problem for doctors and patients," he said.
But audiences, unlike citizens, have neither responsibilities nor obligations.
If Karl Malone (brought to you by I.B.M., proud sponsor of the Used-to-mail-but-now-I-Fax Man) and John Stockton (brought to you by American Express, proud sponsor of the Do- You-Know-Me Olympian) are as good as people say, it's time to prove it by carrying Utah to the next playoff level.
apparently began its inquiry after the chairman of the Raytheon Company, manufacturer of Amana and Speed Queen appliances, called at a 1989 meeting of securities analysts for industry competitors to raise prices.
So they and were popular in rural waterworks where both technical expertise and water demands were lower.
The film's most touching moments evoke the wordless understanding that develops between this demanding taskmaster and his equally strong-willed student.
After the late-afternoon deliberations broke up, a second meeting began tonight in the office of Secretary General Javier Perez de Cuellar.
The American charge d'affaires, James Williams, was summoned on Friday to receive an official protest.
I don't care if I'm playing against the Nets or anybody else.
A.T.& T. said in a statement that NCR's request for an F.C.C.
"It had a positive effect, in the sense that it made things a bit dramatic when there was still time enough to recover and provide a new dynamic."
's 1992 budget request of $225.8 million, a 20 percent increase from the 1991 budget.
Oaklanders like Mr. Hampton took their worries to the Gannett Company, begging The Tribune's onetime owner and now its main creditor to forgive most of the newspaper's huge debt.
An explosion in February at the company's Chicago incinerator shut that operation for six months.
He recently restored a rod made around 1878 by H. L. Leonard, a Maine company renowned for its rod making.
They attempted to score points with the jury through cross-examination of the prosecution's 51 witnesses and through suggestions offered in their opening statement and summation that Mr. Nosair had been invited to the meeting by an unidentified aide to Rabbi Kahane and that he ran from the hotel after the shooting because he feared for his life.
Acknowledging that the city could face increasing gaps in coming years, Governor Cuomo said he remained committed to a joint city and state panel on restructuring government.
Riley sold out to apartment developers in 1924 and moved his restaurant to Riverdale and then Yonkers.
Newsstand placement and design is not haphazard, but governed by five city agencies, community boards and more than 20 pages of rules and regulations.
Taxes Would Rise 37% In the meantime, the vote on next year's budget has been put off, and Sachem administrators are scrambling to come up with contingency plans.
And it provides for elaborate verification to detect cheating.
The school has added classes in computer technology and the German language.
In the summer of 1991, Western scientists were welcomed for their first extensive explorations here since the legendary Roy Chapman Andrews in the 1920's.
Bubka, who is 27, has been the world's leading pole-vaulter for most of the last eight years, underscoring the position this year by setting four world records during the indoor season and four more outdoors through Aug. 5.
For example, the Dow Jones industrial average rallied in April past its 1990 high of 2,999.75, to a record of 3,004.46, regaining all that had been lost in the market plunge after the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait.
Risking alienation and inviting ambivalence, "Fences" haunts one with complexity of character and relationships, and themes that reach beyond the dirt backyard and porch of a crumbling urban setting.
This infuriated the legislative leaders, who insist that the Governor is "manipulating" the state's accounts to make it appear that they spent more than they did.
But the sergeant is not impressed.
There may even be a ribbon-cutting ceremony at the end.
David Duke says he is a Christian who repents his record as a Nazi and a leader of the Ku Klux Klan.
"It literally sounded like he was dying," said Twins catcher Brian Harper, who was with St. Louis then.
It is here, incidentally, that we have the best falafel of the trip.
The muscle in the heart's main pumping chamber becomes enlarged, limiting the amount of blood that can enter and be pumped out.
Driving caused anxiety because Esasky worried about his perception of other moving vehicles.
On the job, if there is one, labor unions have taken an economic and ideological beating.
Iran's denunciation of this act was its most dramatic gesture since the call by Ayatollah Ruhallah Khomeini for the kiling of the British author Salman Rushdie for what the ayatollah called his blasphemy of Islam in his book "The Satanic Verses."
"But we do know from informants that people were told that for $750 to $1,500, you could get a welfare case opened."
For some folks, the fact that Foreman was still upright at the end of 12 rounds diminished Holyfield's victory and undermined any claims he might have to being considered a great heavyweight champion.
Three months away from defining its own "political union," the European Community is badly divided over whether it should remain an exclusive club of prosperous countries or should prepare to open its doors to the new democracies emerging in the former Soviet bloc.
While only a quarter of those polled in the two states said they approved of their Governor's performance, New York's Governor, Mario M. Cuomo, received somewhat stronger support, with a 37 percent approval rating.
His voice never, ever lets up.
And I think that's a very important aspect.
No underwriter has been named.
And one finds nearly cyclical relationships both in the distribution of dramatic, narrative, prophetic and philosophically abstract arias and choruses.
Mr. Djukic said the move came after a whithering attack from Croat troops in which villages were burned and civilians massacred.
She added that the Kawasaki Motors Corporation U.S.A., a client of Bozell's Los Angeles office, was approached about advertising in a Pearl Harbor commemorative issue and decided against it.
FRANCE: Louis Latour Corton-Charlemagne 1988, $95; Francois Jobard Meursault Poruzot 1987, $35; Georges Duboeuf Macon-Villages 1990, $10; J. Faiveley Bourgogne Blanc 1988, $15; Francois Raveneau, Chablis Les Clos 1987, $60; Louis Latour Coteaux de l'Ardeche 1989, $9; Pol Roger Brut Blanc de Blancs de Chardonnay 1982, $65.
"There is no alternative program."
The Red Sox game was postponed because of wet grounds, and the Yankees had no game scheduled.
They include the passionflower vines that Uncle Ernest planted one year to shade the walkways in summer, the 90-year-old citrus with the huge fruit, a heady variety of herbs and scented geraniums, and one of the widest collections of exotic plants in the country.
Such sanctions would necessarily be less severe and less costly than traditional incarceration.
Now that Mark Bavaro is no longer at tight end, will the offense click without one of the N.F.L.
"Then his ex-wife was paid $16,950."
And he mocks the media-shaped idea of a perfect life in the character of Julia, Daniel's new-found love, played by Meryl Streep.
The 120 color plates in this book make the case for that judgment.
"There are so few who do," Checketts said.
Could you enlighten us a little?
If so, his solutions will be mostly cosmetic.
"To grow up believing that you were brought into this world to follow in your daddy's footsteps, just another chip-off-the-old-shop-rat, was to engage in the lowest possible form of negativism," he writes.
And that is what makes Edward ache.
"It certainly would put a black, English-speaking candidate at some disadvantage," he said.
14 14 28 THE CIVIL WAR, by Geoffrey C. Ward with Ric Burns and Ken Burns.
The move caused concern in Washington, where President Bush said, "We can't allow this."
Who gives a damn that the Syrian has taken over Lebanon?
Rather than push for reopening huge sections of public land for logging, Ms. Roberts signed a bill giving money to depressed timber towns for job retraining and new industry.
Some of our colleagues arrived last night.
For her characters, after all, South Africa's peculiar form of institutionalized racism is not an abstract political issue, but a fact of daily existence, met on intimate and personal terms.
Lendl took the first set against the Wimbledon champion, 6-3, as Stich wasted double-break point opportunities in the third and fifth games, with Lendl sandwiching the one break he would need in the fourth game.
The gifted childrens' program -- three hours a week -- would be cut in half.
"There are a number of openly gay and lesbian candidates running," she said, urging block voting.
Mrs. Fisher was also a contributor to and a fund-raiser for the Gallaudet College for the Deaf in Washington.
A1 Educators draw outline for nationwide testing A19 Health Page Finding the secrets of caffeine, the drug C1 Personal Health C11 Sports B5-10 Baseball: Pirates add to Mets' woes B5 White Sox rout Yanks, 14-5 B5 Tomlin continues mastery of Mets B9 Columns: Berkow on Paul Brown B7 Claire Smith on Baseball B5 Football: Handley can't understand boos for Simms B5 Dickerson hoping for a season without controversy B7 Golf: Stockton taking a close look B8 Pan American Games: Steinbrenner upset B8 Sports Business: F.T.C.
But analysts say the biggest opportunity lies in applying pulse oximetry to fetuses during delivery.
Einsteinian Complexity: But how can anyone write to fit the space without knowing the size of the space (to be fit)?
After graduating from the Naval Academy in 1973, he served as a pilot at bases in the United States, Sicily and Iceland.
b-Included a gain on sale of Fireman's Fund Insurance of $ 1,233,742,000, or $ 45.40 a share, which does not include related tax benefits which may eventually be realized; an extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of debt of $ 28,690,000, and an accounting adjustment loss of $ 83,893,000.c-After a loss from discontinued operations of $ 1,204,000.The company said its $ 1.23 billion gain from the sale of Fireman's Fund has been adjusted through March 31, 1991, and will continue to be adjusted through future periods.
The Chicago Bulls are a championship team.
The other new hotel, the Jalousie Plantation Resort, due to open March 21, was the subject of controversy last year when local environmentalists questioned the decision to allow it to go up in what is considered one of the island's most valuable ecological areas in Soufriere.
Visiting Nurse Dinner-Dance Nov. 7 -- The Visiting Nurse Service of New York will hold its 29th annual dinner and dance for the organization's home-based hospice services.
" CNN's Influence For other lawmakers, the value seems so limited that they have stopped going.
In New York one learns the darnedest things.
Also, in addition to the poems, the birches, beeches, spruces and other trees -- as well as various kinds of ferns -- are identified by markers, enabling city people to know henceforth what they are looking at in local forests.
In the early 1930's he became a union organizer and was elected president of the American Communications Association.
I'm not getting the work I need to stay effective.
The company said the expected gain on the sale of $ 29.5 million will be recorded in the first quarter of fiscal 1992.The company said it now operates as a holding company, and as such no longer consolidates revenues of the companies in which it holds interests.
At a minimum, Mr. Bush should enforce the strictest interpretation of the cease-fire agreement with Baghdad.
Obviously, you cannot squeeze out $4 billion within two or three days after the adoption of a resolution in the American Congress.
Darren Lewis, having slowed from a sprint to a side-step walk, glanced alternately at the descending baseball and the approaching fence in center field.
Mrs. Morra-Yoe's sculptured and photographed caricatures of such well-known figures as Gloria Steinem, Ernest Hemingway and Norman Mailer are also included in the show.
Baseball and Girls In high school, everyone was interested.
He added: "I know it is entirely possible for someone to be coherent, competent, intelligent and attractive and have normal social relations while also holding an absolutely false belief about someone's harassment of them.
It is a ragtag, unshapely book, by turns engaging, heartbreaking, wise and infuriating.
Blake Edwards has once again answered Henry Higgins's question -- "Why can't a woman be more like a man?"
Alar's journey from orchard to broadcast notoriety to courtroom tells much about the public's attempt to understand which chemicals constitute a true health hazard in the food supply.
But I want the Western audience to understand that exoticism has deep roots in colonialism.
One is that the December stock index futures contract expires next Friday, the 13th, appropriately enough.
Israeli Ideology or Spoils of War?
Mr. Babboni is one of thousands of disabled employees at International Business Machines, and their number is growing.
"Where the summit has been left," Mr. Baker said, "is that we will seek to find a time before the middle of the year.
But many of the incumbent women who benefited in the past recognize that the tide may have turned against them.
1 item, in every division, across the board, was short pleated skirts," said Mara Urshel, a senior vice president and general merchandise manager for Saks Fifth Avenue, with 47 stores nationwide.
The novelist tells of his father's struggle with a fatal brain tumor.
Theater and preview and opening dates to be announced.
"In these times, it may be a mixed blessing -- not having to experience cutbacks in Government funds," Miss Wells said.
"Amplifier and Reflector I" had Mr. Lucier hovering over an amplified clock, effecting subtle changes in the timbre of its ticking by moving an open umbrella over it.
He did the mile in 1:33 flat, and that's still the record in New York.
"Ninety-eight percent of all prisoners will be back on the street someday," he said.
Add the mushrooms and stir over medium-high heat until they begin to brown.
Route 29 informally denotes the western boundary of the vine-covered flatlands that make up the bulk of the Napa Valley.
Her mother is a registered nurse at the hospital.
Mr. Dixon, who is interviewed in her documentary, says that Ms. Lincoln's "strong sense of personal worth and beauty became a standard for black women of the day."
The Gauls were major breeders of pigs, and they used virtually every part of the animal for food.
But Mr. Weber declined to name possible partners at a news conference.
The Energy Department plans to resume operation of one reactor later this year and a second reactor possibly in 1992.
Karen Hill, who has been seeking developers on behalf of the city to fulfill the long-term requirements of the housing plan, is understood to be negotiating to buy cooperative units in an apartment complex that is in financial difficulty in northwest Yonkers.
Malik Sealy scored 24 points for St. John's and Rob Werdann had 18.
The Bank of Montreal said today that it had cut its prime lending rate to 9 percent from 9 1/4 percent, effective Tuesday.
Among the popular new Rhone-style California wines, Bonny Doon Vineyards Clos de Gilroy, mostly grenache, is about $7, and its 1988 Grahm Crew (you read that right: the wine maker, Randall Grahm, is known for his antic labels), a blend of several wines, is about $8.
Some want to protect the careers of doctors and the smooth functioning of the health care system.
and the Association of Black Educators of New York City that cast the controversy in racial terms.
They tried to shift their positions as the campaign progressed because they saw the writing on the wall.
Sarah and her new husband, Otto, pelt Thomas with conversation and small favors, and his daughter, Martha, insists that he accompany all of them to the country for a holiday weekend.
He will continue to have sex with her for two years, until the day of her mother's funeral.
Then it cut that list to 10 sites, none in West Virginia.
Mr. Ladd, pictured at right, is well acquainted with MGM.
in the controversy over its grant decisions, saying he does not want to be in the position of censoring art.
They veer from the sophisticated to the naive, form a veritable history of art by anonymous artists, and give an added twist to the high-low conundrum.
International A3-12 NATO said it would protect countries of the Warsaw Pact from any "coercion or intimidation."
The visitors, from all over the world, come to spend part or all of the season with the spiritual leader of the sect, Rabbi Menachem M. Schneerson, known to his followers as the Rebbe.
Then this would do nothing but arouse hostility between them.
The Mayor also said he would press Gov.
Mississippi State will play the Air Force Academy in the bowl game in Memphis.
Here are women dressed to resemble Cheryl Campbell in "The Shooting Party" and Maud when the black bat, night, has flown, and silver tea services sparkling in firelight.
Japan has emerged over the past several years as one of the world's largest donors of aid to developing countries, as well as a major government-to-government lender.
President Bush and the other coalition leaders elected not to push through to Baghdad to destroy Mr. Hussein's Government.
The group's sales rose this year to $25 billion, from $14.7 billion in 1990.
The Ethics Committee also said overlappping criminal investigations prevented it from fully investigating complaints that the Senator pressed the Department of Housing and Urban Development to give disproportionate numbers of subsidized apartments to Puerto Rico in return for $18,000 in campaign contributions from developers on the island.
He insisted his agency did not choose the wrong pesticides for testing, saying the list was selected by the Agriculture Department and the environmental agency.
On the grass outside, more wounded were brought in and laid out among those already dead, covered over with bloody sheets.
Critics of market-based accounting say it probably cannot be done well because the values of some bank assets are elusive: Boston office buildings without tenants are, after all, a lot harder to appraise than shares of I.B.M.
Mr. Turner said the phone had been used for reporting, "housekeeping chores" like obtaining batteries and equipment, assisting the journalists in Amman to obtain visas to enter Iraq and seeking help in locating a CBS news crew missing near the Saudi-Kuwaiti border.
The shooting came only nine days after another officer, Hector Fontanez, was shot and killed in the Bronx while on duty, and exactly two weeks after another police officer was fired upon outside the same bodega.
Lodge owners in the region, all of whom have undergone training by the project on food preparation, sanitation, bookkeeping and other aspects of dealing with trekkers from around the world, have also formed their own committees in each of the villages to standardize prices, thereby eliminating the intense bargaining in many other areas of Nepali commerce.
Much more common is acknowledging a compliment by a sort of half-acceptance.
Among the Seniors, who are playing the from tees that make the course 200 yards shorter than the layout played by the regular tour players, Frank Beard overcame a triple-bogey 6 on the third hole to shoot a 69 to lead Bruce Crampton by one shot.
Perhaps it was a moment for one of Leona Helmsley's trademark Cheshire-cat smiles.
Hemming and Hawing As the fashion shows wind down in New York, Louis Dell'Olio of Anne Klein has voted up, sticking with the prevailing trend.
"Sounds like monkey-slapping time," the report quoted one officer's message as saying.
In the early 1960's he joined Gruen Industries, Inc., the maker of Gruen watches.
Minnesota (2-3) continued to struggle with its new one-back offense.
He matches that in prize money, which he can keep and still maintain his amateur status.
Next August he plans to return again.
The complicating factor in this case is timing.
said Mohammed Miari, an Arab member of Parliament from the left-wing Progressive List for Peace.
But the version in 30 Giorni, which means 30 Days, is one of the few known cases in which a well-regarded publication, particularly one with close Vatican links, has stated point blank that a Nazi plot indeed existed.
The conference costs $14 and advance registration is advised.
"One thing missing is any reference to what we did to the country of Afghanistan," Mr. Borovik said.
The process began last year, when protesters forced Mr. Kerekou to accept a caretaker Government led by Nicehore Soglo, a former World Bank official who was Prime Minister and Defense Minister.
The police and prosecutors have said that the defendants had been looking to rob someone so that they could pay to get into a midtown dance club.
XVI:30, of 1774-76, all three movements are run on without a break.. At the threshold of Romanticism, finally, stood the "Chaos-Light" sequence at the beginning of "The Creation": a progression across three movements from paradoxical disorder to triumphant order.
"We can discuss with their patrons just what they are putting on their face," Mr. Unger said.
But "Stepping Out at Radio City" finally lacks the cumulative drive of the singer's triumphant Carnegie Hall concerts four years ago.
That means everything you do can be put on the front page of the newspaper, and there will be nothing that cannot stand up to scrutiny."
Only light clipping will then be needed throughout summer to insure that its rounded head stays neat.
The makers of the disposable devices say their products are safer and more reliable.
The saucing was expert, however, in three well turned-out entrees: escalope de veau cauchoise (veal escalopes with mushrooms, apples and pearl onions in a shimmery Calvados cream sauce), magret de canard aux morilles (slices of almost too chewy breast of duck in a morel-dotted sauce), and tournedos au poivre, raisins and cognac (superb beef in a lovely cognac-green peppercorn sauce, without raisins).
The danger was that 16 Ra1 cd 17 Nd4 opened up the board to further White's mobility.
KING'S INDIAN DEFENSE White Black Yerm'sky Fed'wicz 1 d4 Nf6 2 c4 g6 3 Nc3 Bg7 4 e4 d6 5 Be2 O-O 6 Nf3 e5 7 Be3 Ng4 8 Bg5 f6 9 Bh4 g5 10 Bg3 Nh6 11 h3 Nc6 12 de de 13 O-O Be6 14 Qc1 Qe8 15 Nd5 Rc8 16 b4 g4 17 hg Bg4 18 b5 Bf3 19 Bf3 Nd4 20 Qa3 Kh8 21 Rad1 f5 22 Rd4 ed 23 ef Nf5 24 Bc7 Qf7 25 Bg4 Ne3 26 Bc8 Nf1 27 Qf3 Qf3 28 gf Nd2 29 Bb7 Nc4 30 Kf1 d3 31 Bf4 d2 32 Ke2 Na5 33 Bc6 Nc6 34 bc d1/Q 35 Kd1 Rd8 36 Kc2 Rd5 37 c7 Rc5 38 Kd3 Bc3 39 Bd6 Rc6 40 Ke4 Ba5 41 Resigns
The $4,000 awards are to be used for study and career advancement.
Thomas LaMorte, William's younger brother and an employee in the ring, had a similar explanation.
She learned how to put together clothes by observation.
In effect, repos are very short-term loans secured by the Treasury instruments.
A memorial Mass for the Rev.
"People must understand that this system is preferable to excluding individuals from coverage because of pre-existing conditions, pushing them toward doctors who will give discounts, or raising out-of-pocket costs," said Mark Chassin, an internist who is the company's senior vice president.
But if the Mets are to justify Cashen's boast as being "the best franchise in sports," he must justify his favorite baseball phrase.
And while you're standing, this military victory also belongs to the one the British call the "Man of the Match," the tower of calm at the eye of Desert Storm, Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf.
-- DR. SERGEI S. DEBOV, the scientist in charge of preserving Lenin's body.
"The welcome onstage, and even on the street, has been incredible," he said on Sunday.
The area is being contested by the White Tigers, a group that split off from the Chinatown Ghost Shadows, and the Green Dragons, who are composed of Fujianese, Vietnamese and others who have a reputation for being particularly violent.
Is this lunacy or brilliance?
A hospital spokesman, Gary Ashlock, said, "All the reports I've heard are optimistic" about a recovery.
The Government told Western reporters today that it was planning to take some of them to Sulaimaniya by road on Sunday.
It is also about Mrs. Gibson's protege, Steven U. Leitner, a Florida real-estate developer who recently became a trustee-elect of the park and whose combative personality and fierce, open politicking have driven appalled residents to court to fight his ascension.
accounts for 2 percent of all jobs, the number of employees has fallen by 3,000, from 15,000 in 1985 to 12,000.
Frilly costumes and Baroque interiors promise Richard Strauss, the Turkish scene advertises continuations of Mozart's "Abduction From the Seraglio."
Yeohlee Teng treats fashion as being at a crossroads between back-to-basics and "Star Trek" and opts for neither.
When asked if the clubs were cooperating, Vincent said that in some areas they are but not at the top levels because widespread searches are seldom conducted.
("It's an old Indian name that means 'by the mall,' " said Mr.
A 6-ounce glass of wine has about 11 grams of alcohol, a 12-ounce can of beer about 13 grams, and a one-ounce shot of hard liquor about 15 grams.
"He has been tested," she said.
Krickstein, 24, is a rare, young buddy to Connors.
"All I've said is let me decide what gets cut and how the cuts get distributed," he said.
Their harmonies lent many songs the flavor of country-gospel hymns.
"I thought it would be an easy assignment," Mr. Maiden said.
Already, Ukraine has moved mildly in this direction.
Initial reactions suggested perhaps not.
"If this place closes," asked Rosa Johnson, "where am I supposed to go?"
The Government benefits that Mr. Eppich had to swallow hard to accept are about to run out, as is the medical insurance that the plumber's union has been providing to its unemployed members -- 150 out of 400.
Mr. Dwenger put down their entrees: calf's liver, rare, for the woman and a veal chop, medium (thank God), for the man.
In his debut as Gamache, a rich but foolish nobleman, Roger Van Fleteren was amusingly finicky in manner, and his dyed hair and painted face indicated that Gamache was trying to make cosmetics conceal the ravages of time -- but all in vain.
Since Andy (Evan Handler) is about to assume Barrymore's most celebrated Shakespearean role in a Joseph Papp production in Central Park, what is to stand in the way of his complete artistic fulfillment?
"I came barreling out of the shower dripping wet one morning around 7 A.M. to answer the phone, only to find one of those recorded messages on the other end," he said.
But I've always said, if you're willing to go after a world record, you have to be ready to pull every muscle in your body to do it.
Mr. Dryfoos's withdrawal came several hours after the deadline for filing nominating petitions for the 51 seats in the expanded City Council, which is undergoing its most significant structural change in more than 40 years.
The rest were of other origins.
"Maybe attracting votes is part of winning a national championship," said Rusty Medearis, the perceptive sophomore defensive end.
As recently as last fall, the board had 16 members, seven of whom were insiders or considered close friends of Mr. Brennan.
The setting is a small Georgia town in the early 1950's.
Turning to another company you're not on the best of terms with, why is everyone ganging up on Microsoft these days?
The measure failed, getting a majority of shares voted but not the required majority of all shares.
At Le Marie Clarisse (12 Rue Petit-Champlain, next to the lower funicular station), the servers are so confident that diners will order fish that they bring only the white wine list.
Gene Shue, the 76ers' general manager, said yesterday that he believed Ron Anderson would replace Barkley, the National Basketball Association's second-leading scorer with a scoring average of 28.3 points, in the starting lineup.
Last year, Mediate trailed by one stroke after three rounds but shot 77 at Pebble Beach on the final day to finish tied for eighth.
In the structural impediment talks, American officials said Japan's pledge to spend more than $3 trillion on public works in the next 10 years is on its way to being carried out.
But previous attempts at protecting the Indians have been slapped down by hostile local judges or by violence from ranchers.
We also have contributed to the past by our failure to have a sustained commitment to a rational national energy policy, failure which has made us increasingly hostage to the circumstances in the Middle East and the personalities of today's and tomorrow's Saddam Husseins.
"I did not put my eggs all in one basket -- as you say in English," said Khass as he interrupted himself to give orders to his staff of 20 young men.
The remainder, he added, would be sold by end of 1993.
Mr. Wunsch's exchange is, in fact, a computer programmed to create an auction.
The police said he confessed through an interpreter to the murder.
She said that A.T.& T. account representatives would continue to sell directly to small businesses that need more personal service than resellers provide.
Anna Perez, Mrs. Bush's press aide, said she was "mystified" by the ban, but decided there was nothing she could do about London customs.
"The Cowboy is a hell of a guy," Herzog said, using Autry's other name.
Women and Butterflies "Tell me something else that makes Nabokov special," Miss Kleshnova said.
In four of the assaults, the attacker cut his victims on their throats.
"My father said this is his country, 'I will die here,' " Miss Mohammed recalled.
"The Europeans," "The Bostonians," "A Room With a View," "Maurice," "Mr. and Mrs. Bridge" -- the films of the producer Ismail Merchant, the director James Ivory and the writer Ruth Prawer Jhabvala, with their rarefied appeal, bear an instantly identifiable signature.
These must be of the same size lumber as the other wall framing, except the header.
Who knows what our enemies will be like in the 21st century?
"Each day I was smoke free I set aside the cost of one package.
Even for those raised in its heyday, the myth of domestic happiness has been, since the early 70's, so thoroughly exposed, debunked and excoriated that any depiction of the terror within it seems rather to confirm than surprise.
Law, a professor and co-director of a civil liberties program at New York University Law School.
Unemployment in the former East Germany climbed to 9.5 percent in April from the month before, but dropped in what had been West Germany to 5.5 percent, from 5.8 percent, the Federal Labor Office said.
This results in an eerie echo effect that often renders the language incomprehensible, to say nothing about the confusion as to what, really, is going on.
With Gartner leading the way with two goals, the Rangers were quicker to the puck throughout and superior on specialty teams against the Devils, who entered the game as the league's top-ranked team in killing penalties.
Harrelson, afterward, did his best to insure that concerns didn't get out of control.
Do you feel that he was attempting to have some specific message by relating that?
"And if it involves firing people, that's part and parcel of the responsibility."
"If they delay any longer, more blood will be spilled," said Juozas Jarmalavicius, the chief ideologist of the Lithuanian Communist Party and a spokesman for the committee of unnamed persons that says it is in control of the city.
a 20.4 percent increase in its budget for the next fiscal year, while the overall Federal budget would rise only 2.6 percent.
There was no Alexandria to pillage until Alexander founded the city and the consensus of classical scholars is that the great library was not created until some 50 years after the deaths of Alexander and Aristotle.
But no Lithuanian officers have arrived to replace them.
In another case, he joined two colleagues in rejecting the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's decision that a contract between two power companies was so unambiguous that the agency did not have to hold a hearing on a dispute between them.
Should he have a CAT scan, magnetic resonance imaging or visit a neurologist (as a neighbor recommended)?
Michael W. Gunnn, a senior vice president for marketing for American, said the decision "will greatly support" the line's legal fight.
Mr. Gorbachev and Mr. Yeltsin both said that the new union treaty could be completed as early as June.
Steinbrenner Is in Exile Who can run this team, what with the former boss, Steinbrenner, and his family still holding 55 percent of the ownership?
First, the adult taking the child to the airport should not leave until the plane has taken off, because the flight might be canceled (with commuter airlines it can be hard to know if the plane has left; the fact should be verified at the airline desk).
As you light your candle to the dead saints, you might reflect on the bones beneath your feet, for this stark white building with its three soaring spires that dominates Jackson Square is the oldest cathedral in the United States, and its 18th-century crypt is the last resting place of many of the city's earliest settlers.
"The Annapurna project reflects a complete change in perception among people interested in conservation," said Michael Wells, a consultant to the World Bank who assesses environmental projects in Africa, Asia and elsewhere.
"It was one heck of a bombshell.
The director and designer are an English team whose stylized work, although acclaimed in Britain, has never been seen in the United States.
A12 Household survey finds decline in crime A12 A former top executive at B.C.C.I.
He pays attention to both the classical pergola with its stumpy columns, and the greenhouse with its Tudor outline and a classical stone portico.
Further, the serving sizes on which nutritional information for fresh meat products will be based seem unrealistically small.
Most efforts concluded with a flashy spin in the middle of the ice, a courteous bow and an appreciative smile to the imaginary crowds.
If no one wins a majority, a runoff is held among the top two.
"There's one camp out to the west that's been operated by the Saudis that's just over the border into Iraq," he said.
In Zurich,gold fell to a closing bid of $362 an ounce, from $362.20 late Tuesday.
The new series, set to begin next fall, will bring the biggest star in network television to first-run syndication, an area of television experiencing steady revenue growth -- the opposite of what has been happening to revenue at the networks.
But the thick blanket of volcanic ash deposited by the volcano is vulnerable to swift water erosion, like the erosion that occurred with the blanket of ash from the Mount St. Helens volcano, which erupted in Washington state in 1980.
As the leading desktop makers are being undercut at the bottom, they are also encountering problems at the high end of their lines.
Times are tough for the newspaper industry.
She is beautiful and smart, and she loves sex.
And State Assemblyman Terence M. Zaleski, a Democrat, said he would be "disappointed but not crestfallen" if he failed to win the PAC's endorsement.
Lubos Rezabek, a senior adviser in the Czech republic's ministry for economic policy and development, said that all businesses scheduled for privatization were required to publish a prospectus with basic information, like sales, profits and debt, and that no endangered companies would be offered.
Return to Profitability So far, the plan has worked despite a weak economy.
"If you don't stop an imprudent insurer fast enough, it can dig itself into a deeper hole," said Michael Walter, former president of the Casualty Actuarial Society, an organization for property and casualty actuaries.
She was struck in the face by the puck midway through the third period as her team lost, 10-5.
Other questions these experts are asking include: How will auctiongoers respond to next week's evening sessions at Sotheby's and Christie's in which more than half the postwar artworks date from as recently as the 1970's and 80's?
Since yard waste is difficult to burn because of its high moisture content, composting is the preferred means of disposal.
In fact, she said, "Management is something that Wall Street doesn't do very well.
In her statement yesterday, Judge Wood also said that when she sentenced Mr. Milken to 10 years, she believed the real time the former financier should serve coincided with the time recommended by parole guidelines.
The shift is a significant blow to the agency, which helped create the brand's image as a hip cigarette when it was introduced in 1966.
And like absolute monarchs, the club owners pay their champions handsomely, offering high sums to lure non-Italian talent.
"'I wanted to leave the city to make everything better."
Also, in choosing an area of interest, perhaps the most important priority is not to become too obsessed with priorities.
Blanka Weinrich, a 34-year-old married woman with children who operates a huge power shovel in Bitterfeld's shrinking coalfields, told the daily Express newspaper, "Leaving the shovel is going to hurt."
If Mr. Wachtler wins, it could cost $77 million that the Governor says the state does not have.
Among them are performances by the Vienna Philharmonic, the Boston Symphony, Marilyn Horne, Samuel Ramey and Emanuel Ax, and the music will include four Carnegie Hall Centennial Commissions.
Baker rose to his feet but was prevented from continuing when the referee ended the fight.
You have to really be thinking about the Allison narrative, not the generality."
As ingenious was Ms. Becker's weaving in of imagery from Indian classical dance.
"If people are starving, there will be other resources."
For baseball, the scare, red or otherwise, continued well into the 1960's.
More important, however, in the opinion of many analysts, this divergence reflects the different individual economic cycles that now mark the global economy.
No wonder music, since the 18th century, has been viewed as an ally of human solidarity and reconciliation and an instrument of peace.
"Sergiyevskoye is that lost worldly paradise for which we all yearn, believing that if only we could return, we would be happy."
For over two decades, she had worked steadily, first as a performer with the Paul Taylor Dance Company for six years and then as the founder and director of Harry, generally considered one of the best-managed companies in the field.
"Right now, I'm a little tired," O'Neal said.
Mr. Morgenthau is investigating because Mr. Clifford and the investors also made assurances to banking officials in New York State, where First American has a branch.
At the M.L.A., you are what you wear: all-natural fibers for a University of Virginia job interview; power suits to meet a Northwestern committee; hiking boots and hand-knit sweaters for Oregon State.
"But such efforts may consume more overall resources (environmental and commercial) than if waste were simply landfilled."
As for his reaction to the dropping of the McCarthy-Bowman lawsuit, all Vincent would say is, "It's always been my preference to have a lawsuit dismissed rather than commenced, particularly when I'm the defendant."
December wheat declined 1.75 cents, to $3.23 1/2 a bushel.
"These characters are not yet ingrained the way, say, Barney was on 'Mayberry,' " she says.
Actually, the 6-foot-5-inch, 292-pound Gunn was being moved into the stall on the defensive lineman side of the locker room vacated by Gerald Nichols, who was waived on Monday and picked up a day later by Tampa Bay, the Jets' opponent in their regular-season opener on Sunday.
Buying the wrong equipment could financially ruin his company.
But with personal income growth remaining weak, analysts question whether the rise in industrial activity during the last three months is sustainable.
The Newark police immediately activated the Lojack transmitter in his car for the second time that morning.
But Mayor David N. Dinkins, who strongly backed alternative fuels in his 1989 campaign, may veto the legislation because he is concerned that it impinges on his authority, said Sanford Evans, a spokesman for the Department of Environmental Protection.
I've come to realize that one of the greatest summer weekend pleasures of all is to stay put.
The damage of greatest significance, though, was that he wrought with one swing of his bat and every ounce of his hustle.
The owner is of Hawaiian descent and the barbecue sauce has a vaguely Oriental flavor, which repels traditionalists but attracts devotees from around the world.
"I knew that most minor leaguers in the organization felt they'd never get a chance to play here, and I knew there was no way I'd be here, too."
They fell $1.50 on Tuesday and another 50 cents yesterday in trading on the New York Stock Exchange, finishing at $37.50.
The charges stemmed from Mr. McCann's activities as a development consultant between the end of his first term in 1985 and his re-election in 1989, and were not related to his official duties as Mayor.
Stalled Over Subsidies The entire round of trade talks, which began in Uruguay in 1986, has been stalled for months because of the agricultural dispute.
But its own curiosity about humans is not to be denied.
The prized work in the sale, Fernand Leger's "Petit Dejeuner," fetched $7.7 million, considered by dealers to be a healthy price though Christie's had estimated that it would bring $8 million to $10 million.
Enhancing the show's dramatic edge is a sense of simmering anger that rises to the surface in songs like "Throwaway Kid," "It Hurts Like a Razor Strap" and a rap song in which the cast gleefully lets loose a litany of obscenities.
If it is mildew or mold, you will have to also use a mixture of Clorox and water (about one part bleach to three parts water).
This year the Supreme Soviet earmarked 96.6 billion rubles for the military industrial complex -- 35 percent of the Government budget.
His mother, Lydia Jackson, said she had held him in her arms so he would not roll off the bed.
His nine-under-par total of 207 edged Dick Hendrickson, who birdied the final hole to finish with a 71 for 208.
That's something we have to change."
Mr. Boulez's works serve his listeners most usefully by isolating them momentarily from the human feelings that an "Erlkonig," let alone a "Winterreise," can force to the surface.
Only because the musical aspects of the performance stood out with such unusual integrity and clarity.
level, but well below that level," Mr. Volpe said.
The Flakes were charged with tax evasion and embezzlement of $75,000 in Federal housing funds related to an apartment complex for the elderly operated by the church where Mr. Flake is the pastor, the Allen African Methodist Episcopal Church.
Maplewood, N.J. 223,000 88 Jefferson Avenue 4-bedroom, 2-bath, 2-half bath, 35-year-old colonial; porch, fireplace, 2-car garage, h/w floors; taxes $5,110.
Early morning at 58th Street and Madison Avenue.
"It's a disgrace and dishonorable," said King of Saturday's fight.
Her father owns the John Gray software development company in New York and is chairman of the computer science department at St. Francis College in Brooklyn.
When the land war begins, we will have a much better measure of the role of technology in the battlefield.
The spokesman, Martin Erdmann, said Germany had been assured that Russia "would not allow a transfer of Honecker from the Chilean Embassy to the airport if he wanted to leave for a third country."
* Chrysler Corp., Detroit, named Dennis K. Pawley executive vice president, overseeing the auto maker's manufacturing operations.
"I don't think the people of Iraq would tolerate his continuing, and the other states in the region cannot work with him," said the Foreign Minister, Farouk al-Sharaa.
Italian wines in general continue to be good values.
Coach Defends Shot Selection MacLeod defended Ewing's shot selection, saying: "He should have taken those shots.
In a state known for its cattle, she served fried chicken and -- hold on to your cowboy hats -- vegetarian chili at her inaugural festivities last month.
's new Commissioner, Dr. David Kessler, to rebuild the agency.
Besides, we are in the 90's, and the whole concept of the woman as warrior is as current as Iraq."
Clause in Amnesty Decree A clause in the amnesty decree said that the law would have to first be enacted by Parliament, then returned to the Cabinet, which would issue a special amnesty for General Aoun and his aides.
He has been looking for any kind of work to pay the bills, he said, but added, "There are no jobs available, and the few that there are want to pay nothing."
Frank Deford, the editor in chief, said Mr. Price left the paper about two weeks ago.
Democrats controlled those jobs, he said, and when he could not get one, he changed parties.
Construction would be a boon to the 150 or so commercial and sport fishing boat operators who base their boats at Manteo or nearby in Pamlico Sound, and they have powerful allies in the state's Congressional delegation and in the State Legislature.
Oboler was a collector of minerals and had some of his malachites, azurites and amethysts incorporated in the walls that were completed.
HOMECOMING FAIR, with children's activities, contests and homemade food.
One is among the preliminary sketches for "La Grande Jatte," a rendition of a row of trees so stark and abstract it has something of the effect of a Barnett Newman zip painting.
With just 275 of the 577 seats in the National Assembly, Mr. Rocard's Government went through the embarrassment of withdrawing legislative proposals three times in recent weeks when it could not muster enough support.
"But I think I can handle it," he said.
For Crawford, it was the fifth time in seven games that he has gained more than 100 yards on the ground.
Ms. Murach said she was celebrating with them because she had just become engaged.
The Government could easily topple ifthe Congress Party withdraws the support that gives Mr. Shekhar its ruling majority in Parliament.
Doctors treating children with birth defects often cannot tell even with CAT scans which internal bones are abnormal.
Jefferies charged, came up empty and the decisive two runs consequently came across the plate.
In Queens they seem to have that policy reversed.
The Baltimore County Police Department has identified 41 people as the most dangerous drunken drivers in the area, and this weekend a group of officers will start watching their neighborhoods, their workplaces and the night spots they frequent to stop them from driving drunk.
"It takes 10, 20 years for the cancer caused by smoking to result," he said.
He said he did not think such a move was imminent.
At another point, the film maker and fashion designer meet at a pool table and talk while they play.
In a test run using an inkjet printer, the fancier certificates would not come out because the software does not yet support that type of printer, but a rather drab, plain-text certificate came out fine.
Mr. Razanamasy has not named a new Cabinet, despite reports that he would do so today, said a diplomatic source in Antananarivo.
One has to wonder, in short, whether the National Gallery's enthusiasm for Strand's photography was fueled primarily by curatorial insight and scholarship or by an urge to collaborate in and benefit from an extravaganza in which one hand seems to be washing the other.
Citytrust officials would not comment.
"The markets, which are usually ahead of any Fed action, are not anticipating any further moves by the central bank," the analysts said.
President Bush could provide such an incentive by signaling the willingness of the United States to rebuild Iraq, waive war reparations and pledge a commitment to safeguarding Iraq's territorial integrity.
He also made his own presentation before Zenith's institutional investors rather than hiring an investment banker.
Homosexual Politics The combative City Council race in Greenwich Village between two gay candidates, Liz J. Abzug and Thomas K. Duane, has reflected the growing pains of homosexual politics.
"More Future Stuff: Over 250 Inventions That Will Change Your Life by 2001," by Malcolm Abrams and Harriet Bernstein, to be published by Penguin Books next month, explores the outer limits of human ingenuity.
But a proper Bastille Day brioche should be strictly "ancien regime," a term that is usually taken to mean the old government or monarchy.
This represents a dramatic reduction since 1988, when the Paveway kit alone was listed at $40,000.
The radio broadcasts began running on Monday on eight stations in New York, 10 in Philadelphia, and 23 in New Jersey, and will continue through April 14.
When Nederlander was asked about any influence Steinbrenner's comments might have had, he did not address the matter directly.
Mr. Wax, 54 years old, had previously been chief executive of Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising North America, New York, one of the two divisions that make up Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising Worldwide.
How's that for designer endorsement for seersucker?
He continued: "How can any friend of Israel, therefore, stand by and watch as Israel engages in a settlement policy in the West Bank and Gaza Strip -- home to 1.7 million Palestinians -- which can only turn Israel into a binational state with a permanent civil war between Arabs and Jews and with a government that can only control the Palestinians by repressive means?'
Only a comparison of DNA from these two people with the DNA in the bones could establish Mengele's DNA relationship to them, and hence, his identity.
If the brushstrokes were broad, however, the sensibility behind them was finely tuned, to a degree almost unknown to other Westerners writing about Japan.
And maybe the best thing he did all night was run to a spot on the baseline on a fast break late in the first quarter, as Jackson was pushing the ball up the floor.
The old man seemed out of place somehow.
EARTH: The serflike existence of Russian farmers gets a shaking up by a pro-Communist firebrand in Aleksandr Dovzhenko's film.
I recently heard that the house had been sold.
Mr. Cuomo has defended the "intelligent use" of these nonrecurring revenues, arguing they have helped avert damaging tax increases or even more painful spending cuts at a time that reductions have already caused considerable cries of anguish from New Yorkers.
CHRISTIE, WHOSE Annual salary is $499,000, is indeed a model chief executive officer.
B10 Hockey: Rangers get Beukeboom for Shaw.
Set in prewar Indochina, where Duras spent her childhood, "The Lover" is a despairing, sensuous novel about an affair between a 15-year-old French girl and a 27-year-old Chinese man.
The origins of Mr. Primus's views can be found in Eldora, Iowa, population 3,000, where as a child Mr. Primus watched his father work long hours for scant rewards.
The method was developed by Intersecting Concepts Inc. of Agoura Hills, Calif., which produces software that runs backup storage systems for personal computers.
3 Films by Women Among the more avant-garde films in this year's festival are three by women: "The Juniper Tree," an interpretation of the Grimm fairy tale that was directed, produced, written and edited by Nietzchka Keene; "Queen of Diamonds," an impressionistic look at a Las Vegas card dealer that was directed, produced, written and photographed by Nina Menkes, and "Privilege," a study of menopause directed, produced, written and edited by Yvonne Rainer.
"I'm disappointed that we lost," he said, "but I'm proud of the effort that our guys made tonight, especially the young guys, Tony Smith and Elden Campbell, knowing the whole world was watching and critiquing their performance."
"It will have an enormous impact on us," Representative John D. Dingell, the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, said today.
"Acting," she said in 1985, "is a mysterious business, so complicated, so tender a subject, there are no rules, and I think one works instinctively."
With the war effect gone, confidence could slide in April, said Fabian Linden, the survey's director.
"There's a wide range of books," said Arthur Kurzweil, vice president of Jason Aronson Publishing Inc. "Serious theology, cook books, gay and lesbian Jews, intermarrages, Soviet Jewry, humor, photography.
"And they don't pay attention to people who say it's nuts."
Yields on shorter maturities range from 5.4 percent in 1994 to 5.85 percent in 1996, 6.25 percent in 2001, 6.75 percent in 2006 and 6.80 percent in 2008.
Obviously, it can't be any easier for them now.
At his death, he was a fellow of Timothy Dwight College of Yale, chairman of the Polish-American Resources Corporation in New York and president of the Jewish Presence Foundation, which he started in 1988.
In the film, he played Moe Flatbush, one of two penny-pinching brothers -- his real brother Nicholas was the other -- who own the jazz club where much of the action takes place.
Mr. Frankel, the newspaper's highest-ranking editor, said The Times had written much about Mr. Smith and the Kennedys and had provided little more about the accuser than that she was a "29-year-old woman."
Novell Netware, which works with almost all major brands of personal computers, has become the network operating software of choice at the departmental level for most businesses because it is relatively simple and inexpensive to install.
The immigrants explained that the small size of the Jewish minority makes marriages with the Muslim majority the rule rather than the exception.
For example, the fifth-grade book (entitled "America Will Be," after a Langston Hughes poem) covers early American history and plunges students into the American ethnic rainbow with devices like a two-page color spread of different kinds of bread: pita for Greeks and Syrians, matzoh for Jews, corn bread for Indians, tortillas for Mexican and Central American Indians and so on.
They are said to be tying down a somewhat smaller contingent of Iraqi soldiers who otherwise could be deployed against American and allied forces in Saudi Arabia.
Risotto, for example, is seldom flavored with meat.
Though Mr. Muti was celebrating his 50th birthday, there was no display onstage.
Kardon said this year's Navratilova is an even more dangerous Wimbledon competitor than the one who captured the 1990 title.
Only Citicorp, with assets of $216.9 billion, would be larger in the United States.
The two miraculously escape through a door in the darkness, and whether they will ever be seen again is left, so to speak, up in the air.
The family said he died after a long illness.
The bill is also expected to ban "the use of tests which are not valid and fair," according to the sketchy statement made public Tuesday.
A third idea, advanced last month, suggests the agent is a renegade protein that can act alone but can also commandeer genetic material from the brain cells it occupies, thus explaining the mutations.
They were unnerved by Philadelphia's gentle press, and that, Fitch explained, was why George was summoned.
The intense feeling expressed there might better have been confined to the performance, where, indeed, it was evident.
For the most part, the Rams have been overhauled since then.
At Kennedy Airport, people wearing the same uniforms gave him back only a form, to report lost luggage.
When he left Oahu in 1867, he sold the estate to Capt.
The awards will be given during a broadcast from Radio City Music Hall on Feb. 20.
The weeklong event, which begins on the second Sunday in August, has become a major attraction for guitar lovers and players from all over the world, and with good reason.
"But the four of us in this tiny apartment all the time, it's hard."
Eleven of Tripucka's points came in the fourth quarter, when the Nets went on a 24-6 run that cut Charlotte's lead to 107-101 with 2:41 remaining.
Total quality concepts dictate a focus not just on today's price margins, but on cash flow throughout a production system.
Knew Change Was Coming "Yes, at the close of 1989 we knew there was going to be a change," said Pat Leahy, who was hired by Weeb Ewbank in 1974 as a temporary place-kicker for the injured Bobby Howfield.
I wouldn't say they were satisfied."
We decided to risk the mosquitoes for the sake of better air flow, and opened the shutters.
Now a class of women who are honor students is working on a script involving male-female relations in and out of the classroom that is to be videotaped next year.
"You walk into a building to negotiate with Maxwell and you never know when you'll get out," said Brenda Dean, general secretary of the Society of Graphical and Allied Trades, which represents 180,000 printers and paper workers in Britain.
Skip the $5.95 shrimp cocktail, which is billed as colossal.
Concerning the internal report on Rocky Flats, she said: "We deserve a pat on the back for that.
TEWKSBURY WINE CELLARS, 164 Burrell Road, Lebanon, N.J. Open Saturdays and Sundays, noon to 5 P.M. Free tours.
This is for the purpose of attaining the complete prohibition and thorough destruction of nuclear weapons."
The Louisiana-Pacific Corporation and the Simpson Paper Company agreed to settle the suit, filed in 1989 by Surfrider and joined later that year by the United States Environmental Protection Agency, at an estimated cost of more than $50 million apiece.
was prepared to offer $100.
The recession seems to be ending.
Treaty with the Soviets, which allows only one ground-based A.B.M.
But some experts fault European officials for fretting about Japanese ownership and alliances.
Star of 2 Shows "NFL Today" has long led "NFL Live" because of the market strength of National Conference teams like the Giants, Washington Redskins, Philadelphia Eagles and San Francisco 49ers.
The authorities said that Mr. Harris was angry at being dismissed in April 1990 for threatening Ms. Ott.
Then Van Slyke ripped a couple more fastballs foul.
Abdoujapalov, riding for Carrera, was tied for third with LeMond, 1:07 behind Marie.
So we became determined to document as many of the great designers as we could."
And, with the possible exception of his modest Lieutenant Governor, Stan Lundine, Mr. Cuomo says: "I don't see anyone out there I would consider turning the state over to."
But Michael Jacobson, a co-founder of the Center for the Study of Commercialism, said: "We contend that there is economic harm.
Mr. Antonini said the company had started a series of seminars to help employees understand what its customers need.
We want to come in the week of Christmas and work.
The company has considered some 25 sites in half a dozen communities, but none has panned out, said Richard Kester, a senior vice president.
Bring the chicken stock to a strong boil and add the salt and pepper.
By effectively bringing together the sociology of religion and structural anthropology, this work represents the most complete realization to date of the program advanced by Mauss and Durkheim.
Indeed, I included in my answers to your interrogatories a long message to all analysts that I wrote on politicization back in 1985. .
The 62-year-old Mr. Exley indicated that he was likely to leave if A.T.& T. was successful but added that he did not expect a large exodus of managers.
Mostly, Mr. Hill recalls with placidity his youth during the flowering of the civil rights movement.
It invites analysis, yet it is ultimately baffling.
Grace Thorpe, 70, wants the trophies as a centerpiece of a museum she wants to build in Oklahoma.
Asked about his motive for criticizing the indictments, Mr. Stickel said: "Justice.
Doubts About City Hall Members of New York State's Financial Control Board expressed skepticism that the Dinkins administration could carry out painful cuts.
Owned by Laurie Zelin, a former registered nurse, the pristine restaurant is wallpapered in a feathery floral design of pale pink and celadon green, has celadon Formica tables, wood parquet floors and a marble fireplace.
He said the bill "explicitly prohibits quotas, making them for the first time an unlawful employment practice."
In a short time, a search committee could produce a new kind of Secretary General, one who would keep our attention on children who die every year before they are 5, on their parents and on their killers -- viral, economic or human.
In Japan, with its oft-cited emphasis on "consensus," such words of caution from political and business leaders can have a big influence.
"The landlord raised the rents and would not work on the place.
And when our city bounces back, as we know it must, who will look after our investment in the arts, if not this department?
He was particularly drawn to the photographs of the contemporary concrete temples that have recently been built in Madras, in the south of India.
That relatively small investment results in 5 percent to 7 percent of American's $11.7 billion in annual revenues, industry consultants said.
Funny thing is, Green insists he's as close to New York as he wants to be and would have told anyone so, if only they had asked.
The pregnant woman and her dining companion, Leslie Clubb, 31, both said today that the response actually was, "It's past due, and I've been so good."
It sounded like AM radio: fuzzier than FM, but clear enough to fill the Starlight Roof at the Waldorf with disembodied voices shouting things like "Let's go!"
"There is a quality, hostile to men in the very earth and air here.
We won't know until we know."
"The closing of so many criminal courts would lead unavoidably to the release of hundreds, even thousands, of criminal defendants because of jail overcrowding and speedy trial mandates," said a statement released by Mr. Wachtler and Matthew T. Crosson, chief administrator of the state courts.
Mr. Bowsher's latest assessment, which follows increasingly gloomy predictions and dire numbers about the state of the banking industry and the insurance fund, did not come totally as a surprise because he had previously urged Congress to provide some additional money for the fund.
That's the way many historians and museum curators describe Steamtown National Historic Site in Scranton, Pa. -- a costly example of Congressional pork-barreling run amok.
An Evening Out When night falls, couples and sometimes whole families take off for the nightclubs or theaters to listen to an Arabic crooner or watch a belly dancer, who appears to a drum roll as the hall resounds to whistling and shouting.
I don't expect any line around the bank tomorrow."
His stoop has a Hindu mantra etched into the cement.
With few construction sites remaining in the core of the financial district, developers in general have bought land just west of the Harbor Freeway, even though the 10-lane corridor has traditionally been the Great Wall separating the financial district from the working-class Hispanic neighborhood on the other side of the freeway.
Retired Egyptian officers were loaned to the Iraqi military as advisers and officials here said privately that Cairo had shared rudimentary chemical weapons technology with Baghdad.
Canada's economy is only a tenth the size of the United States' and Americans buy three-quarters of everything Canada exports, so it remains highly dependent on what happens south of the border.
Like reserve soldiers all over the United States, the men and women of the aviation-repair unit of the Connecticut Army National Guard here are watching events in the Persian Gulf with a mixture of fear, anticipation and resignation.
As a condition of the purchase, Burson asked the firm to stop working for candidates.
Again and again, we feel that he simply couldn't get the notes down fast enough.
"I doubt if anyone would be particularly impressed," he says of the hunt-and-peck investigative methods that have served him (or, more often, failed him) in several unorthodox mysteries by Parnell Hall.
Concern about giving away secrets limits PACT's usefulness at this time, said Milgram, who is a professor in ocean engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
He had been suffering from heart disease, a family spokesman said.
On the other side is Mr. Middlemark's only offspring, Martin Mittelmark (who uses the original spelling of Mr. Middlemark's name).
"This relationship represents a fundamental shift in software products," William H. Gates, Microsoft's chairman and chief executive, said in a statement.
But asked whether there had been other, less formal contacts, he said, "That is as far as I'm prepared to go."
It still offered sweet and sour pork drowning in bright orange sauce.
First, with respect to nuclear weapons, we have targeted that nuclear facility they have very carefully, I have looked at the bomb damage assessment myself with trained analysts, and I think I can confirm for you that the two operating reactors they had are both gone, they're down, they're finished, and the one that the Israelis took care of some years ago remains down.
Only the ouster of his regime will do that, and file-cabinet triumphs oust no dictators.
If the preferred remains outstanding for three years, and the common price is then above the call price, Berkshire would receive shares worth $412 million, or $112 million more than the original investment.
"It's hard to describe the feeling.
It breaks your grandmother's heart."
Some skeptical American and British diplomats said there were fears that Mr. Mitterrand's hidden goal in pushing the new European force was quietly to push the United States out of European defense.
Inspired by the terrible thought that "a father could deny his own son," he embarked on a winding and deepening spiritual journey.
"The dogs used to come back with human bones, after getting inside the compound," said Yasin Khader Hassan, 25.
It's too important and too much on the minds of the creative community not to have its breakthrough."
In 1921 she married Harold Florsheim, an heir to the Florsheim Shoe Company, and moved to Chicago.
An updated and expanded volume of financial advice.
Which is what all of this comes down to: the deal.
and Delta, are scheduled for this winter.
(LP) 3 2 4 LA TOYA, by La Toya Jackson with Patricia Romanowski.
He is married and lives in suburban Virginia with his wife, Christine, a school librarian, and their three children.
3) was forceful and driven, and he made the most of its alternating sections of grandeur and serenity.
With a profusion of ecclesiastical pageant, bishops from Eastern and Western Europe ended an important synod today that did little to heal the Roman Catholic Church's historic rifts with other Christian churches but affirmed the Vatican's commitment to a new crusade for followers after the cold war.
(When they do, it is seen as an affirmation of some deep principle.)
To the Editor On the surface, a $1,000 New York State Regents Scholarship would seem a nice reward for a student's outstanding achievement in high school.
A No-Hitter That Wasn't With the no-hitter by Wilson Alvarez of the Chicago White Sox last Sunday, reports said the season total of no-hitters had risen to six.
They are facing the problem next year of not only unrestricted trade but of the unrestricted flow of foreign workers.
President Bush today expressed support and respect for his chief of staff, John H. Sununu, and said that months of questions over Mr. Sununu's use of Government and corporate aircraft for private and political travel should now be put to rest.
In one sense, at least, his task is easy.
A39 Fred C. Ikle: Comrades in arms.
"Ventura was directly involved in the sale of crack," said a police spokesman, Officer Fred Weiner.
Given the questions of political correctness recently sweeping American college campuses, Women Frogs might be more sensitive.
Queen Elizabeth II, making her first visit to Northern Ireland since 1977, saluted today the work of a British Army regiment.
"I hope this is the last stayaway.
"Do you think I have a chance to win?"
A lowering of rates in a country generally tends to cause its currency to drop in value.
For corporate managements, the catchy concept of the moment is winnowing the company down to its "core," both in terms of its work force and its product lines.
That means the stock is already 17 percent below its initial price of $22.
Mother of slain girl condemns grand jury.
Substituting for those taxes is the income-tax increase and a half a percent increase in the gross receipts tax paid by utility companies, from 3 to 3.5 percent.
Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Rosenfeld of Weston, Conn., have announced the engagement of their daughter, Donna Lynn Rosenfeld, to Dr. Steven Mark Lepowsky, the son of Dr. and Mrs. Irving Lepowsky of Huntington, L.I.
A COUPLE OF KOOKS: And Other Stories About Love.
Foran High School officials have decided to discipline the eight students who were involved in the incident.
Rabbi Jon R. Haddon officiated at the Manursing Island Club.
By removing broadcast political advertising from the process, we will relieve the pressure on political parties and candidates to raise increasingly vast sums of money for campaigns.
He was detested and feared by the Communist government, which was forced to relinquish its monopoly of power last spring after ruling uncontested for 46 years.
Most of the trails are short walks through woods and thick bambles.
Many political analysts believe the major issues of urban America increasingly began to be identified as those of the poor and minority groups at a time when middle-class whites living outside the cities, and hurting in the current recession, were becoming a larger part of the electorate.
Rob Morrow Maurice Minnifield .
A Health Department lawyer said the law requires such a fetus be sent to a pathology laboratory.
The company said it would use the proceeds from the sale to redeem some long-term debt with a high interest rate coupon.
He deplored critics who habitually expressed "helpless admiration at directorial stuff that isn't difficult to do -- the show-off stuff."
But with Wills, it was pure science."
He is survived by two children, Kevan and Kimberley , both of Silver Spring, and a brother, Robert, a retired Air Force colonel, of Pensacola, Fla.
Ten people who wouldn't know a byte from a bark typed questions into terminals and tried from the responses to guess whether they were conversing with a human or a machine.
The indictment was handed up two weeks ago and unsealed by the United States Attorney in Tampa, Fla., today.
Visitors should be aware of the new hours: Wednesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays from 10 A.M. to 5 P.M., Fridays, 10 A.M. to 9 P.M. and Sundays, noon to 5 P.M.
Precious Bunny took the lead at the halfway mark and captured the $1 million Meadowlands Pace on Friday night, upsetting Artsplace, the overwhelming favorite.
Even when she latches onto a trend, she gives it her own spin.
Specific Issues to Be Addressed As part of his mandate, the Governor asked the commission to address several issues, including refurbishing school buildings, strengthening leadership and innovation at the local level, exploring the topic of tenure for administrators, creating incentives for high levels of performance, easing state regulations on successful school districts, offering parents the right to choose the public school for their child and devising ways to insure that children "are ready to learn" when they arrive at school each morning.
Today her family and her fellow refugees are forced to dress in rags and live in tiny round huts of twigs, plastic and animal skins, without shade, privacy or hope of leaving any time soon.
The number could increase, depending on the availability of qualified candidates, American sponsors and money.
Geographically, all 11 biggest industrial states had increases in their unemployment rates last month.
The Pic 'N' Save Corporation in Dominguez, Calif., which sells merchandise obtained from manufacturers' close-out sales, as well as overruns and discontinued lines, reported a 10.3 percent increase in same-store sales last month.
"The difference with Thomas is he's much more of a pass receiver than Barry is and I think Barry is a little harder to bring down in the open field."
But some scientists think the fibers could continue to be useful during the aircraft's life, by being hooked to on-board instruments that could provide information on internal temperatures and structural loads while the airplane is in flight.
But few collectors can match Agnes and Edgar Land.
Mrs. Orzechowski said that she specifically asked the hospital's director of social services, Constance Shapiro, whether Nelli's parents had expressed any religious preference for her adoption and that she was told they had not, because they recognized the difficulty of placing her.
The bill cleared the House Banking Committee on June 28 and Mr. Foley's referral of the measure to four other panels virtually guarantees that Congress will be debating the sweeping revision of banking laws as the F.D.I.C.
Three of those ballets -- "Clave" and "Evoe," which will be seen tonight and tomorrow afternoon, and "Endsong," to be seen tomorrow night -- are new, and each presented a special challenge.
All America would laugh to see them rush back into the fray once Mr. Bush dropped out.
College teams in the state now play 60-game seasons, he said, adding, "Lots of University of Connecticut kids are being pretty well scouted now."
About $125 million annually, according to estimates based on bills introduced in Congress this year.
The coalition will therefore continue to prosecute the war with undiministed intensity."
Mr. Macke of Dayton Hudson also said this Christmas season lacked a hot product in women's fashion or consumer electronics to draw shoppers into department stores.
involvement in illegal aid to the contras.
"In expanding to 51 members, you'll probably get one Colin Moore or someone like that.
Analysts said the potential of bigger sales also lifted Bristol-Myers Squibb stock by 1/4, to 81 3/8.
He concludes that there is "no trustworthy support" for the notion that Mozart "regularly imbibed to excess," that there is insufficient evidence to prove his egalitarian sympathies, and that there is no solid indication that he was "expecting and half-longing for death in his last years."
That he might finally want relief is understandable.
Mr. Azaceta's contribution is the image of his alter ego, standing small and naked at center stage holding a model of a house.
In 1984, the School Board faced demographic changes that led to greater burdens on young black children.
Next season, Mr. Shostakovich is to conduct two weeks of subscription concerts, and two weeks of concerts that may be given as a festival that is in the planning stage.
Her father is a senior vice president and the chief of staff of Alexander & Alexander, insurance brokers in New York.
But burgeoning trade could, just as easily, produce new conflicts in the Americas, as it has in relations between Washington and Tokyo.
"If you're going to portray anything here at Antietam," he said, "you have to portray an accurate picture."
Twelve days later, thousands of homes and businesses are still waiting for power, and many people are still waiting to go home.
A basic three-piece outfit would include a collarless one-button jacket, a tank top and an easy pull-on skirt.
Catholic political leaders in Belfast have already agreed to the formulation, and the Dublin Government has said it wanted at least some part of the meeting to be held in Ireland, according to newspaper articles in Ireland.
During Sunday's game between the Monarchs and the Raleigh-Durham Skyhawks, Musburger mixed his solid play-by-play work with an ardor that emerged all too often, from reciting the European Division's standings to calling a fumble ("Skyhawks re-COVER!")
Lisa Margaret Ryan, a daughter of Mrs. Michael M. Weatherly of Southport, Conn., and Cornelius T. Ryan of East Norwalk, Conn., was married yesterday at Trinity Episcopal Church in Southport to Howarth Perry Boyle Jr., a son of Mr. and Mrs. Boyle of Oberlin, Ohio.
Five days before the 22d New York City Marathon, the race director, Fred Lebow, and the coordinator, Allan Steinfeld, were already looking ahead to the 25th race.
An article on the Law page on Aug. 2 about Gerald P. Boyle, defense lawyer in the murder case of Jeffrey L. Dahmer, misidentified a television program on which Mr. Boyle appeared for an interview.
It is also political propaganda, or at least it would be if a few other facts were not added.
The best thing he does is freeze people and go by them, so now they usually give him 5 or 6 yards and try to prevent a long return."
To the Editor: I must dissent strongly from your views on the Leonard Jeffries matter at my alma mater, City College, in "Don't Punish City College" (editorial, Sept. 19).
"AT PLAY IN THE FIELDS OF THE LORD" Missionaries and mercenaries threaten a village on the Amazon River in this version of Peter Matthiessen's newly-topical, politically correct 1965 novel.
A couple earning more than $100,000, who under the old law paid 14 percent on interest or dividend income would pay 9.5 percent for 1991.
Before February, the index had shown seven consecutive months of price increases, the report said.
The Example of Juan Carlos Alexander takes heart from his cousin Juan Carlos I, King of Spain, precisely the kind of democratic constitutional monarch he said he would like to be.
It was like a liturgy mouthed over and over again."
Nor have department officials demonstrated an urgent need for renewed production at the plant, with most of the warheads to be built there having been canceled by the President or Congress.
What he is already capable of was clear in the Menuetto of the "Jupiter" -- a kind of swaying motion that captured the leisurely dance of this music, never lost its equilibrium and captured Mozart's grace wholly.
Like other trends that begin among homosexuals and enter the mainstream, so, too, have adult-oriented Halloween happenings.
It recoups that investment and gets a distribution fee of about 20 percent for its services.
But it was diagnosed as a dislocation, and, despite it, he started for three years for the Tar Heels.
The independent counsel's office is investigating whether Mr. Pierce and others conspired to defraud the Government in connection with several H.U.D.
The year 1992 is the quincentenary of the arrival of Columbus in the New World, an anniversary that finds the explorer painted by some historians as the agent of the genocide, plunder and rape of American Indians.
Members of the council said that the group had settled 50 families on a vacant tract of land in the San Luis neighborhood last month but that the police had forced the squatters off the land on June 30.
Abraham R. Klitzman, a lawyer who was active in Jewish affairs, died on Saturday at the Monmouth Medical Center in Long Branch, N.J.
The bonds are rated AA- by S.&P.
Americans love buying those goodies most.
Last month, Robin Leigh-Pemberton, the Governor of the Bank of England, told a Parliamentary committee that the fraud that led to shutting down B.C.C.I.
"All my life I've had to postpone going to college," she said.
With anniversary celebrations for many foods, it's a wonder that Hallmark hasn't produced a line of greeting cards wishing a "happy 100th to peanut butter" or some such.
Mr. Danforth made his case from here on national television, appearing on the NBC News program "Meet the Press."
Where the balance will come from is a serious question affecting the future of the city.
Howard C. Sweet Jr. of Charlestown, R.I., and Melinda Held of New York have announced the engagement of their daughter, Elizabeth Adams Sweet, to Timothy Redmond Dowling, the son of Mr. and Mrs. John Dowling of Ridgewood, N.J. A January wedding is planned.
All this would be possible in a suitable workplace.
Senior Lawyers Involved The case is likely to be examined by Congress because the two senior Government lawyers involved in the banking and savings crises were employed by the law firm -- O'Connor, Cavanagh, Anderson, Westover, Killingsworth & Beshears -- that did significant work for Southwest Savings.
Disney and Paramount will team up to make a movie based on the best-selling book "Alive," about a rugby team's battle to survive a plane crash in the Andes Mountains.
He also set up an internal department to monitor the firm's compliance with security-industry regulations.
Russian revolution stood in front of the tanks at the Parliament building, the rest of the world pinched its pennies.
'Honest Convictions' After sending the note, the jurors assembled in the courtroom and, looking strained and weary, listened as the judge read them a modified version of the so-called Allen Charge -- the instructions customarily given to a jury at an impasse.
That had never happened to it before.
Quinones, also 28, hit .241 in 1990 with 2 homers and 17 r.b.i.
The last 45 minutes of the parents' more than five-hour day are devoted to parenting skills and an open -- and sometimes frank -- discussion about things like discipline and problems at home.
No Specific Date Such a move is a key element of Mr. Bush's plan to help the Kurds without committing the United States military to an indefinite stay in Iraq.
But single homeless people are the most troubled part of the homeless population and the city's track record in providing adequate care is poor.
for leadership as the world's largest telephone company, expressed doubts yesterday about his company's plans to wire Japan's 45 million households with advanced fiber optics, the most ambitious such plan in the world.
In "David's Mother," an American Stage Company world premiere, David is an "autistic, retarded and epileptic" teen-ager, and Sally is a self-appointed martyr determined to keep her son at home.
World Basketball League YOUNGSTOWN PRIDE -- Signed Todd Lark, guard.
Witnesses said the police returned the boy to Mr. Dahmer after Mr. Dahmer told the officers that they quarreling lovers.
We Chinese are a rabidly class-conscious people and, like it or not, Chang cannot shake the mindset.
Should one invest in second labels?
John Stockton, who sank two successive 3-pointers in the Utah rally, missed a 3-pointer at the buzzer.
But for an adult reader, this fragment is all too fragmentary.
Mrs. Garvey was until recently a sales associate with Group W Satellite Communications, a television advertising sales company in New York.
Gertrude comes up with dissociative word patterns, hermetic jingles; Picasso, with a not-always-recognizable but nonetheless itemized configuration that provides us with clues as to the size, markings and texture of specific objects: clues to the nature of their formal and spatial relationships; clues also to the artist's paradoxical feelings about his work, his women and the world around him.
Tonight an exceptional example can be found, at 10 on ABC , in a "Thirtysomething" episode written and directed by Richard Kramer, one of the producers.
But the Red Wings proved deadly on their power play, scoring three times with the man advantage.
The processes of creation and detection laid out here are fascinating, but the question lingers: Why, except for pricing purposes, does it matter to the art lover whether the work is an authentic Grunewald or an authentic Goller?
Their ivory-white flesh was wet and flavorful in its crisp cornmeal coating.
Or is this just wishful thinking?
Officials at Texas Tech University in Lubbock, where Mr. Cavazos was once president, said he lived in Concord, Mass.
A. Eric Joseph officiated at Grace Episcopal Church.
He serves it with sweet potato pancakes.
Arrange on top of lentils and serve.
Yields on the city's bonds are much lower than March of this year, when bonds due in 20 years and longer were trading around 8.60 percent.
"If every treatment slot in New York were taken, there would still be a huge shortage," said Ronald K. Shelp, president of the Partnership, made up of business and civic leaders.
If shooting starts now, however, it would hardly be a surprise.
Steps Outlined by Baker The White House sought to play down any connection between these three actions and Mr. Bush's decision to extend China's trading status.
Announcing the concert at City Hall yesterday, Mayor DAVID N. DINKINS managed to mention most of of Mr. Simon's hit songs.
Excluding the sales of those businesses, sales for the third quarter would have increased 4.9 percent over those in the corresponding period a year earlier.
Kent Nagano, the 39-year-old American conductor who recently led the New York premiere of "The Death of Klinghoffer," has been appointed music director of the Halle Orchestra in Manchester, England, one of Britain's oldest symphony orchestras.
Then he summoned both teams, who gathered around him for a prayer that echoed through the Garden.
Randall Cunningham of the Philadelphia Eagles injured his knee in a game.
In all, Panama says Mr. Noriega stole more than $500 million.
Bring to a boil, then simmer for 5 minutes.
Its revenues for the recent quarter topped $5.22 billion, virtually unchanged from the first three months of last year, when restated to reflect the Contel acquisition.
"Continued recession in the U.S. economy, the dampening effect of the Mideast war -- particularly in travel and tourism, a dollar that was stronger than expected and signs of weakness in other world economies made the first quarter a difficult period for Kodak," said Kay R. Whitmore, chairman.
Mrs. Montillet added that she had agreed to teach the class because "I love education, I've committed my whole life to it, and I'll try anything that will help students."
is to make a disposition -- that is, to put the child someplace, not a determination of guilt or innocence.
"I like to go out and sleep on the beach at night," she said.
The Vocal Arts Ensemble and the University of Hartford's new Masterworks Chorale will joinvoices for Beethoven's Mass in C, along with shorter works of Poulenc, Villa-Lobos, Bruckner, Vaughan Williams and others (243-4228).
And DRI/McGraw-Hill's forecast is for income after inflation to advance at an average 1.5 percent annual rate.
"Eastern Europeans have no point of reference for phrases like 'stock exchange' or 'leveraged buyout,' so the translations have to be done here," said Ronald J. Patten, dean of DePaul University's College of Commerce.
Though the Consumer Price Index for the whole of Germany has been rising at an annual rate of about 3 percent, up only slightly from the 1990 rate of 2.7 percent, inflation has soared at an annual rate of 20 percent to 30 percent in what was formerly East Germany, said Adolphe J. Warner, chairman of Global Assets Management Associates and the retired senior adviser to the Deutsche Bank Capital Corporation.
High collars and high-wheelers were the rage.
That was in 1965, when the composer, John Kander, and the lyricist, Fred Ebb, were first teaming up, and the star, Liza Minnelli, was making her Broadway debut at age 19.
The questing maestros, in order of podium appearance, are Joann Falletta, David Loebel, Neal Gittleman, Randall Fleischer and Peter Bay.
Journal: A trouble- shooter armed to soothe B3 BUSINESS DIGEST D1 Sports C1-10 Baseball: Yanks spoil day for Red Sox C1 Pirates take National League East C1 Dodgers defeat Braves again C10 Young makes Mets feel bubbly C10 Column: Anderson on Lawrence Taylor C7 Features: Sidelines C2 Football: Giants hold off Browns C1 Belichick is curt in defeat C6 Patriots upset Oilers C4 Saints remain undefeated C5 Redskins go 4-0 C5 Jets set for a big-play blowout C5 Cougars plans get shot down C7 Golf: U.S. set for Ryder Cup C3 Hockey: The newest Devils arrive C2 Tennis: Agassi leads U.S. in Davis Cup C2 Obituaries B15 Robert Bishop, director of folk- art museum Arts/Entertainment Hume Cronyn on his memoirsC13 A peek at power in Hollywood C13 Dance group refuses to return part of Federal grant C13 Dance: Ballet Inc. offers new ballets C14 Film: "McBain" C15 Music: Korngold's "Tote Stadt" C13 Word and Image:"Make No Law," an Amendment fight C16 The Noriega story on CNN C16 Editorials/Letters/Op-Ed Editorials A16 Don't deform bank reform The opportunity at Subic Bay Safety and solo patrols Albany's foolish shell game Letters A16 William Safire: Leahy's compromise A17 Anthony Lewis: Power and pettiness A17 Edward N. Luttwak: America's setting sun A17 Hugh B.
Is a potential coup in the making?
She graduated from the Parsons School of Design.
David Halberstam, a longtime friend who also won a Pulitzer for his coverage of Vietnam, described the Simpson allegations as "an incredibly cheap shot" that were "just dead wrong" and "extremely painful" to Mr. Arnett's family.
Before putting "Irises" on the auction block, Mr. Payson said, he felt that Westbrook College, which had maintained the painting for nearly a decade, should share in the proceeds of the sale.
His wife and Senator Danforth, a Missouri Republican, sat immediately behind him.
regulations, he disclosed that relationship at the time.
Preliminary discussions with Smith have been constructive, and both sides predict that Gartner will soon have a new multiyear contract that will eliminate the possibility of unrestricted free agency in June.
Maureen McGovern Rainbow and Stars 30 Rockefeller Plaza Through June 11 Maureen McGovern commands such formidable vocal skills that her biggest challenge has been to find ways of revealing her spectacular range and arsenal of sound effects without letting technical display stifle her expressiveness.
CARLOS HUERTA of Miami is the place-kicker and MARK BOUNDS of Texas Tech is the punter.
But the muscular dystrophy situation has an added nuance.
He does not structure his scripts initially.
Britain had good reason to turn to a ranking jurist.
What may surprise is the "pox on all their pork barrels" view of Peter Gordon, an associate dean of urban planning at the University of Southern California and author of a new position paper from the libertarian Reason Foundation.
Today's action "is not unexpected, and is a good step in the right direction," said Robert Rosenzweig, president of the Association of American Universities, who added: "It is important to restore confidence in the integrity of the system.
It also tied him for the major league lead in home runs with Oakland's Jose Canseco.
Mr. Coxon, 54, was raised in the United States, but has an English father who had an unfavorable view of American schools and sent his son to be educated in England.
This claim may seem odd, coming from a writer-director who made his mark with a small, low-budget film about sexuality and deceit, bereft of bloodshed and mechanical monsters.
Finally, there is Mr. Becker's skyscraper, with 65 percent of its space to be occupied by an accounting firm, a law firm, Mr. Becker's own real estate operations and the Illinois Transportation Department, which is taking 4 of the 20 floors and paying nearly enough rent to cover the mortgage.
And he said their contacts will continue, though "on a lower profile."
Wires are inserted to hold the body in place.
His victory over the Brewers was relatively eye-popping, since he had a no-hitter going into the seventh inning.
You then suggest that "hapless petty thieves normally dealt with in state courts could be subjected to crushing Federal punishments."
It requires a nuanced historical imagination, one able to think nonideologically and nonmythically, while being sensitive to the resonances of the particular in the universal.
Better than 90 percent of health care costs are not directly physician related.
Three days later, when the British journalist John McCarthy arrived in Damascus after being held captive in Lebanon for five years, Mr. Picco was at his side.
Show business is business, and the young actor evidently has found more opportunity in the movies than onstage (several films, including "Uncle Buck," preceded "Home Alone").
Shouldn't the Pentagon be looking into such devices instead of spending billions on yet another expensive airplane that may or may not prove effective?
Western diplomats said the proposal could be seen as a compromise offer to the main opposition group, the Democratic Party, which wants elections before Feb. 23 and which quit the caretaker coalition Government this month over the issue.
He and his associate Michael Buchanan spoke of "a neo-classical theme" that was "eclectic in nature" but "with a contemporary twist."
- CLAUDE MONTANA "The real modernity will be to take traditional textiles and do something new with them."
"It's very definitely a handicap for us and an advantage for them," he said.
Invasive procedures are those in which the doctor's hands or instruments enter the patient's body or touch mucous membranes, as in abdominal, heart or dental surgery.
clubs and agents representing draft picks don't accelerate soon, the number of extended holdouts could surpass those of previous years.
"I would never have done the same thing again," he said.
The notes, which are due Dec. 12, 1991, were priced to yield a variable rate equal to 20 basis points more than the bond-equivalent yield of 91-day Treasury bill auction rates.
Mr. Alaia, a Paris designer, holds his fashion shows in July and January, rather than the March and October dates favored by most ready-to-wear houses.
He brought something to piano playing that cannot be duplicated."
Dr. James T. Willerson of the Texas Heart Institute, who helped write one of the papers, said that in future studies substances that prevent cells from responding to serotonin would be given to humans to see if this is an even better way than aspirin to prevent heart attacks.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
It was during such a day that the A.T.& T. accident occurred.
asked La Mascotte's wood rooster.
What bothered many members of Congress was Mr. Garcia's life style -- the new house he bought in the fashionable section of Chacarilla, the beachhouse he built to the south, the restaurants he visited and the trips and vacations he took.
Many of the homes are overcrowded, occupied by extended families.
"Everything is stopped dead," Mr. Clark said.
At one point, Ann Taylor asked Nicole Miller, a maker of stylish women's apparel that supplies some of the chain's trendier clothes, to replace its labels with Ann Taylor labels to help refurbish its image.
Success: power and language: money.
Zachary Taylor, former President of the United States, dead since 1850, might have said, "Bob never spoke a truer line," had he been capable of issuing a press release when the knock came at his mausoleum door the other day.
Among the well-known poets represented here who translated his work are James Dickey, Stanley Kunitz, John Updike, Richard Wilbur and Mr. Hughes.
To the Editor: In his review of "Exporting Democracy: Fulfilling America's Destiny" by Joshua Muravchik (April 21), David Callahan writes: "Democracies may be troublesome at times, but historically they have proved unlikely to threaten American security interests or attack their neighbors."
Still, he asks for some help from the U.N., some notice, some aid for refugees, some words of warning to the butchers.
Tours Times Four New Jersey Chapter of the American Society of Interior Designers; (201) 343-4900.
Aug. 18-24 INDIA DAY PARADE, Lexington Avenue from 47th to 26th Street, Manhattan.
Life goes "on and on and on," with the last word followed by an ellipsis.
But Mr. Gonzalez's lawyer, Richard W. Berne, said the defendant had a long history of mental and emotional problems.
Remarkably, Beijing seems to believe that in these trials it has gone out of its way to be lenient.
Several reporters at the Observer say management at the newspaper believed Ms. Wright's involvement with Judge Thomas was leaked to the Senate Judiciary Committee by an Observer employee.
And they don't even have Gold Cards.
The tie score lasted only 41 seconds before Bobby Smith scored the winning goal for the North Stars.
"It's highly rated and its upscale audience is demographically correct for us."
Kruk's sacrifice fly scored Hayes and Charlie Hayes hit an r.b.i.
"Some parents would even buy presents for every teacher -- homeroom, art, music and gym."
The prospective bridegroom, 32, is a principal in Blenheim Capital Partners, a real-estate investment company in Alexandria, Va.
Amigas are terrific game and graphics computers, but they are definitely not mainstream.
" When told of Spitz's kind words, Foreman replied: "You know, I couldn't swim.
Since Lincoln rarely came home, the next three years were filled with phone calls.
Such costs are why Broadway is so bleak, with so many empty theaters."
Insurers say that after a slow start, sales to large employer groups are beginning to take off.
The current Mr. Beene collection, a joint venture with Takashimaya , the Japanese retailer, was part of a wave of lower-priced, or diffusion, collections that swept the industry in the last year.
Their first confrontation involved a case in which a woman arrested for drunk driving was then charged with the murder of her lover's wife.
With 42 seconds left and the score tied at 91-91, Isiah Thomas and Bill Laimbeer knocked the ball away from Daugherty, and Dumars capitalized by sinking a 12-foot fallaway jumper with 27.4 seconds to go.
The rule is that when an adult swears in front of a child, he or she is required to make a 25-cent deposit in a shoe box in the boys' dressing room.
The electric generator is the motor that is used to compress air.
People also want the tinned peas and trifle, the jars of sardines, salmon, bloater and chicken paste and the bottles of Cadbury's drinking chocolate that line the shelves of Myers of Keswick, Manhattan.
In a live interview here on Independent Television News, Mr. Rushdie also criticized other writers who have spoken out against his Dec. 24 decision to embrace Islam and to refuse to authorize a paperback version of his novel "The Satanic Verses."
Theaters then were named the Paradise, the Riviera, the Albee, the Fox and (on Chicago's North Shore) El Teatro del Lago.
"On a number of these vital elements, the agreement of one party is lacked," he said, referring to Serbia.
He also said the council must respect the laws on open government.
The point at which speech becomes behavior and the degree to which that behavior shows flagrant disrespect for the well-being of others (Offense II), subjects someone to abusive or demeaning actions (Offense III) or is related to drug or alcohol use (Offense IV) is determined by a hearing to consider the circumstances of each case.
"And that has made a very big difference."
"To be honest, I don't want to go," said Specialist 4 Bianca Johnson, 22, who signed up to help pay her way through nursing school.
And the vicious cycle begins.
NORMAN S. POSER Professor, Brooklyn Law School Brooklyn, Jan. 2, 1991
"We're one people, one culture, one tradition," said Nina Vaal, the Chukotka region's minister for culture and native affairs, who also signed the documents.
Suddenly, female characters were making a riverboat shipshape, hauling it out to deep water and comically falling off of upper bunks.
State Senator Francis J. McManimon, Democrat of Hamilton and sponsor of the legislation, said the reason was that dismissing or refusing to hire someone because he smoked at home was nothing less than discrimination and had to be dealt with as discrimination.
We had her come back three times because it was such a pleasure to listen to her.
"It should be up to women to choose what they want," she said.
For the quarter that ended on Dec. 31, Wang lost $24.7 million, compared with a loss of $10.5 million in the corresponding quarter a year earlier.
"Cultural monuments, even the most precious, can be restored, but a human life that is lost cannot be.
Pan-Africanist Assertions But Barney Desai, the leader of the Pan-Africanist delegation, said at a separate news conference this evening that the Government and the African National Congress kept supporting each other's proposals today.
"That is a lot better, but it is not terrific," she added, saying that auto production was not likely to pick up until the fourth quarter.
It's hard enough to take care of broken bones."
Instituting the plan meant assigning hundreds of cases to new judges.
"Because of the increasing concentration on North Michigan, we felt we had to be here," she said.
Fertilize them every two and a half weeks with 20-20-20 or any balanced feed.
While he favors banning contributions from political action committees, the President has repeatedly opposed spending limits.
When I tried to use my camcorder charger in England last summer by plugging it into my converter, the converter kept overheating, and the charger cycled on and off.
Delaware: Biden (D) X; Roth (R) X. Florida: Graham (D) No; Mack (R) Yes.
ab 21 ab, Black could not play 22 .
The vendor, Xisto Martinez, a 54-year-old Mexican immigrant who has a wife and three children in Mexico City, was punched twice in the face before he fell on the sidewalk among his strewn flowers about 7:35 A.M. at 157th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
Last September, Vandeweghe arrived in training camp, proclaiming his back was "better than it has been in three years."
It is time for a quick, positive decision."
The Prokofiev, finished in 1932 and also in five movements, is an elaborately calculated insult to all concerned: turning soloist (here Yefim Bronfman) into acrobat and brutal hit man, orchestra into sweating assembly-line workers and audience into stunned victims.
But with the announcement earlier in the week that Minnesota Coach Jerry Burns would retire at the end of the season, Carroll, a former Vikings assistant, has been besieged with questions about his dreams of being a head coach.
As of Feb. 4, the United States and its allies had flown slightly more than 44,000 sorties in the Persian Gulf.
Biotech controlled Hadron Inc., a computer company that aggressively tried to buy Inslaw.)
The show was the climax of a weeklong pilgrimage to Switzerland by the Sherlock Holmes Society of London.
He also invited two foreign reporters to join him for the traditional lunch held to celebrate Eid al Fitr, the end of Ramadan, the month of fasting, and later allowed reporters to attend his diwaniya, the customary Kuwaiti gathering of officials and friends for tea and talk.
Private insurance intended to cover the costs of nursing home care is "not a good buy" for elderly people because most of the policies do not pay for care when people need it, two Congressional committees said today.
David M. Jones, chief economist for Aubrey G. Lanston & Company, the bond dealers, said, "There was a lot of indigestion among dealers reselling the 30-year bonds."
Economy Is Cited Alan Whitney, a spokesman for the deposit corporation, attributed the new projections to the weak economy.
It is for the most part sitting there, dug in, waiting to be attacked, and attacked it will be.
LP indicates that a book is available in large print.
The earthquake occurred along the Sierra Madre Fault, which runs east-to-west along the the San Gabriel Mountains near the town of Sierra Madre.
Moreover, he said, the monasteries were repositories for Chinese clothing, because the style-conscious aristocracy donated what were considered unstylish clothes.
How many Russians, after all, would be prepared to invest their energy or capital without the protection of the rule of law?
"You're looking at a stock that went from $10 to $100 under Stiritz's leadership," he said.
would leave White solidly in command of greater terrain with 11 Nd4) 11 cb Bb4 12 Bd2 Bd2 13 Nd2.
The new systems have video and computer experts predicting a wave of desktop video production similar to the explosive growth of desktop publishing.
And for a group that only got a foot on the middle-class ladder in the last generation, that's a nasty blow."
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
One bid was submitted by a French consortium and the other by a group led by Hellman & Friedman, a San Francisco-based investment firm.
Asked what chance they have of coming to pass, he said, "It's likely a lot of these cuts are going to have to be made."
"No one is saying they'd rather not sign up because it involves a black-white romance," said Mr. Mark.
Bush has not told us enough."
The story line was not who's sleeping with whom.
Prepare three sides of the salmon and serve them at room temperature.
But after a day of mopping their home, which now smelled like dead fish, the Monowitzes seemed resigned, not bitter or crestfallen.
Early last month, the judge gave Random House 45 days to come up with a new jacket design.
Pour the dressing over the salad, add the coriander and toss until well mixed.
VIKING RANGE CORPORATION P. O. Drawer 956, Greenwood, Miss.
"We're getting more inquiries, yes, and we'll get more cases, I'm sure," she said.
Put on His Work Clothes "They've done a much better job than they did with Hurricane Gloria," said the Suffolk County Executive, Patrick G. Halpin.
"This was the year that I was going to break a three-year tradition and not donate," Joan Steinman of Manhattan wrote the day before Christmas.
Endometrial ablation "is catching on," said Dr. Jordan M. Phillips, chairman of the board of the American Association of Gynecological Laparoscopists in Santa Fe Springs, Calif. "Patients are hearing about it from other patients," he said.
Banks are also increasingly finicky about lending on apartments in walk-ups and buildings where the number of units is fewer than 10.
But for the shot of an American yellowwood, the format is ideal.
"Maybe it wasn't a Mona Lisa," the coach said.
The 90-foot craft travels as far north as 51.6 degrees latitude, over Canada, and as far south as 51.6 degrees, the southern tip of South America.
Ms. Valle and other parents hovered in the hallways today, watching anxiously as 199 children were prompted, cajoled and herded by only three teachers into classes considered to be the largest in the state, if not the country.
at their size and irresistiblity.
"You look at Whittle and you have to realize he still doesn't have that much of a track record," he said.
"20/20" also started out with a taste for the sensational, but in recent years it has gone in more for emotion-squeezers about postpartum depression, man-woman relations and other physical and emotional tribulations.
GOLF Mickelson Survives The defending champion, Phil Mickelson, survived a first-round match that went into sudden death yesterday to advance in the 91st United States Amateur in Chattanooga, Tenn.
I am not sure that a management recruiting boutique that specializes has the resources to hire the right people for effective outplacement."
The new families and the elderly would have to make tracks for some more affordable area elsewhere.
All too easily, therefore, programs can turn out like the one presented on Thursday evening by Andre Watts and collaborators: 4 chamber works, comprising 12 movements, all in major keys.
SECRET accounts, phony deposits, hidden losses, illicit payments, and a list of shady customers from the former Panamanian strongman Manuel Noriega to the terrorist Abu Nidal.
The administration has told unions representing 64,000 of the state's 87,000 workers that unless they are willing to accept major concessions in salaries and benefits, $400 million in budget cuts involving workers could translate into 10,000 lyoffs, union and administration officials said today.
According to the affidavit, the investigators were told that Mr. Kennedy was out, and later that he had left town.
Tom Moore, a spokesman for the Tennessee Department of Safety in Nashville, which began using some laser devices in state police cars three weeks ago.
Over the last 20 years, Florida's human population has doubled, to more than 13 million, making it one of the fastest-growing states in the country.
The land is often leased to the building owners.
And sales have been flat.
Over longer time scales, it does."
Sarah Chappell Mullen, a daughter of Arthur C. Mullen of Monmouth Beach, N.J., and Leigh Barnes Ponvert of Clinton Corners, N.Y., was married yesterday in New York to Douglas Sigler Luke, a son of Mrs. Frank Cowles of Seabrook Island, S.C., and the late Douglas Sigler Luke.
The son fled, but hours later turned himself in to the transit police.
An unimpressive result might also give new impetus to efforts to strip China of "most-favored-nation" trading benefits, which the Administration renewed in June.
In addition, he said, "We have seen a substantial increase in the tolerance of out-of-wedlock childbearing, as measured by opinion surveys."
At Balducci's, 424 Avenue of the Americas (at Ninth Street), there are combination packages of marinated veal, beef and lamb kebabs.
He was used to humans.
This emphasis reflects their background as bond-rating agencies.
And even as the check is being requested, there is likely to be at least one woman who takes the white linen napkin and firmly wipes off all her smeared lipstick on it.
"New Jack City," a film about urban gang violence, has become a part of the world it portrays, touching off fights at movie theaters around the country over the weekend, including a two-hour rampage in Los Angeles and a fatal shooting in New York City.
In Tokyo, the dollar fell to a closing 137.45 Japanese yen, from 137.78 yen on Wednesday.
CAROLINE S. DU BOIS Oyster Bay
After that, it was all about proving something, "not so much to other people but to myself," Randolph said.
Other dishes include the Provencal salad, composed of spinach, goat cheese and roasted pepper; cottage cheese with fresh fruit and mixed greens; quiche Lorraine and a plate of assorted pates.
Many pulmonary diseases that can cause noisy labored breathing before death are not the major killers they were before antibiotics, he pointed out.
Panelist and Moderator He was also a regular panelist on programs that included "What's My Line," "To Tell the Truth," "Call My Bluff" and "Play Your Hunch."
Arizona State now faces top-seeded Arkansas (32-3).
There is her beloved father, a preacher and a farmer.
(3) The help and treatment for rape trauma syndrome that is available in rape crisis programs, community mental health centers and from private social workers, psychologists and psychiatrists.
XTree has not stood still either, and now there are variations around (not all of them still being published) called XTreeGold 2.0, XTreePro, XTree Net 2.0, XTreeProGold, plain old XTree and, lately, XTree Easy, introduced almost exactly six years after the original.
Dee Ella Spears and Peter Franklin Kardon were married yesterday in New York.
By this point, though, Mr. Woodley was taking two medications.
But no sentence, he claims, was as deadly as "Mom, I'm bored," so pervasive now.
A Warm Handshake On Monday, the chief Jordanian negotiator, Dr. Abdul Salam Majali, addressed an audience of Middle experts at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy Studies, in which the Israeli Ambassador, Zalman Shoval, and other Israeli officials were present.
The child's father told the police that he had beaten and squeezed his daughter until she stopped breathing and then placed her in the bathtub, the police said.
"I try to be more alert after something like this," said Denise Placakis, 25.
Mr. Otis, 27, is an associate in the law firm of Pitney, Hardin, Kipp & Szuch in Morristown, N.J.
The company survived its early years on a diet of research projects, most notably for Energy Department programs in nuclear fusion.
"Because of the gross injustice that would result if an innocent man were sentenced to death," he said, "O'Dell's substantial Federal claims can, and should, receive careful consideration from the Federal court with habeas corpus jurisdiction over the case."
None of the students he interviewed complained about the curriculum, or asked that it reflect more of their ethnic experience.
Dr. McMahon replied: "People who take that view are just dodging the problem by inventing ad hoc solutions.
He also called the operations "incredibly expensive for their low rate of return" -- an assessment that Mr. Morgenthau disputed.
It was many months before I found the guts to offer any kind of resistance to the hysteria.
"He was always well-dressed, nice and neat, very well-mannered."
The utility's engineers said a sustained fission reaction began about 12:25 A.M. inside the reactor.
"We don't want to be used," he said.
Heat the remaining butter in a pan.
"And he spoke in a high voice."
Saddam Hussein could play very devilish games after a cease-fire, including stalling on full departure from Kuwait.
Buck was less flippant than usual and more intent on listening to McCarver.
Richard Stephens, the fire inspector in Cherokee County, Ga., said that the Seaboard plant in Canton was inspected twice a year and that an extra inspection tour last Thursday turned up only "minor problems."
Ridley's goal should have discouraged the Devils, but the visitors went forward shortly after Ridley's goal only to be denied by Beaupre with his save on Lemieux.
But now, with the recession here and the state and Federal governments washing their hands, municipalities realize they're in trouble."
The newspaper quoted the Chinese partner, the Shanghai Aviation Industrial Corporaton, as saying negotiations were in the final stage.
She conceded the show would probably go in some different directions this year because she had a different approach from Mr. Kelley, who, she said, specialized in complicated cases, many of which had surprise twists.
Mr. Powell said he was "glad justice had prevailed."
For reservations or subscription information, call 693-2506.
Letter to Baker From Saudi Two weeks after the ruling and just after the end of the Persian Gulf war, Prince Bandar bin Sultan, the Saudi Ambassador in Washington, wrote a letter to Secretary of State James A. Baker 3d seeking his help in the case.
This would provide considerable income to the city and an incentive to reduce traffic during the most congested hours without stopping Brooklyn and Queens residents from driving into Manhattan to shop on weekends or go out at night.
A glance around the society's fundraiser revealed plenty of phone numbers being scratched on cocktail napkins.
Milton Friedman, a Nobel laureate in economics, says the failure of a bank is no different from the failure of, say, Eastern Airlines.
THE GARDEN OF RAMA (Bantam, $20) by Arthur C. Clarke and Gentry Lee is the third in a series of novels that began in 1973 with Mr. Clarke's "Rendezvous With Rama."
Those who want to pass off the first as misconception and the second as brilliant foresight mislead society and provoke misunderstandings and clashes."
The Nittany Lions finished a 50-yard drive for their second touchdown as Sacca from the nine lobbed an end-zone pass to the swift Smith who had sped past two defenders.
Many cities have special schools for pregnant teen-agers and teen-age mothers, but the purpose of these schools is to cope with a single problem, not to prevent others from happening.
"I Love Lucy" established the 50's as a time of primitive marital bliss.
But the act only got worse.
At the Cinema Village Third Avenue, near 12th Street, Manhattan.
Their exchanges, though a bit oblique, were less programmed than those in American Presidential debates, and their personalities were opened up to the world.
Ms. Riner received the standard room, board and $100 a week from the Fischers, said Ms. Jakobsson, who estimated that some 1,000 young women were presently working in the United States through her agency.
REBECCA J. SCOTT Ann Arbor, Mich., May 22, 1991 The writer, an associate professor of Latin American history at the University of Michigan, is a specialist on Cuban affairs.
An air of frustration filled the room, of quotus interruptus .
Young 'So Sick of Religion' "The church is having more and more problems now," he said.
Cray Computer suffered a potentially crippling blow as the initial customer for its first supercomputer system abruptly canceled its order.
Several said the reputed mistreatment of American prisoners of war had steeled them for their task.
How we all must long and work for a time when once again our children will dress as hobos on Halloween and choose a costume that is as alien to their everyday life as is that of an extraterrestial.
Chinatown Fair is open every day from 10 A.M. to midnight.
"Retail prices for paper products were down," said Diane Mustain, an analyst with Duff & Phelps in Chicago.
And his autobiography, "A Season for Justice," published by Macmillan, is on its way to bookstores.
This view of "inerrancy" takes literally, for example, the account of the creation in six days and Jonah's sojourn in the belly of a fish.
Jordan scored 25 of his game-high 34 points in the second half, some of them spectacular, all of them important.
Yields on certificates of deposit and bank money market accounts dropped slightly in the last week, but there are prospects of a much sharper fall in coming weeks, according to The Bank Rate Monitor, a publication that covers interest rates.
One of the most birdie-filled shootouts in recent times is anticipated Sunday as a tightly bunched group of players will try to speed past Mark O'Meara at the Bob Hope Chrysler Classic.
"We are selling to three-generation families," said Craig Denton, a partner with Mr. Hoversten along with a realtor, Rocky Cristopher, and a contractor, George Shaeffer, who is doing the construction.
The first aircraft is to be delivered in 1995, and Goodrich is expected to begin shipping the equipment to Boeing by mid-1993.
Marc Girardelli will begin his chase for a record fifth overall World Cup ski title as the season gets under way here Saturday.
Put another way, an area on the order of 150 miles square, a small dot on the globe, could collect more solar power than the entire worldwide consumption of oil provides.
Drop off by charter boat deep in Glacier Bay is $88 a person one way, $166 round trip.
Gen. Khaled Bin Sultan, the Saudi field commander in the gulf war.
This is correct only if the Essene sect is arbitrarily excluded from Judaism.
The industry's explanation for this pricing policy is that limited partnerships simply are not liquid investments like stocks or bonds, for which there are readily available price quotes.
Malcolm W. Browne tells us that the Joint Information Bureau refers to all forms of news as the "product" ("The Military vs. the Press," March 3).
She told why they're so light (hollow bones).
Mr. Levy has just completed a five-day trip to the United States during which he met with Secretary of State James A. Baker 3d and leaders of American Jewish organizations.
Approach the older wines with caution.
It is beefing up payroll like mad, too.
At almost the same moment, air-raid sirens wailed in major cities in Saudi Arabia as Iraqi missiles were launched.
"They're doing it in the Bill Koch style, and that's first class," said Tom Ehman, general manager for the America's Cup Organizing Committee.
But only school administrators can calculate the hidden costs -- the purchases and changes that must be made to accommodate a new computer system.
Because stock index quotes were distorted through a large part of the morning, because many stocks had not opened, many traders looked to the stock index futures market for guidance on the actual level of prices.
In and around Kuwait, the distances are shorter, the armies smaller and the advance swifter.
Mr. Broomfield described the film as being "kind of like 'Platoon' set in Northern Ireland."
Despite promises by the department to comply with Federal laws, she said, "as late as 1989, we're seeing the Department of Energy saying, 'We're going to decide when we're going to be regulated and when we're not.'
Kate Lehman-Becker, pastor of the Unitarian Universalist Fellowship in Amityville.
The information about the May auction was learned by Mr. Meriwether before a meeting in June between officials of the Treasury Department and John H. Gutfreund, the former chairman of Salomon.
Do the second and you may be reviled as a greedhead.
He insisted that he still had some work to do but that if the commonwealth offered him some sort of a ceremonial job he would reject it.
Engineers for the Half Hollow Hills School District discovered the unused safety chain under dust and dirt in the gear box.
Why, some ask, worry now?
"The infrastructure isn't getting any younger," Mr. Newman said.
A set price of $35.30 buys a four-course dinner featuring pate de foie gras and oven-roasted honey-glazed chicken with carafe of wine, and a bilingual dinner show from 7 to 9 P.M. Reservations are needed at the Festin and for the elegant castle-like Helene-de-Champlain on Ile Ste.-Helene, 200 Tour de l'Ile; (514) 395-2424).
This process was formalized by Congress last year, in the Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990, but it has been in sporadic use on the state and Federal level for most of the last 10 years.
We're up again; we're down again.
Towns Look for Savings Mr. Sabanosh said the same applied to "past practice" clauses, which guaranteed that workers could block money-saving changes like reducing the size of a road crew.
Pete Wilson is against the newspapers' effort, and the press is generally unpopular in the Legislature, in part because of its widespread support for an initiative last year limiting the number of terms that legislators can serve.
Let me tell you about one anecdote of someone who has stayed behind, who is still there.
The stock jumped 14 percent.
In his first major public comments since the collapse of the Soviet bloc, the commander, Joaquin Villalobos, said that his coalition's goals would not be achieved through armed revolution, but through participation as an unarmed political movement in a pluralistic, "competitive" democracy.
"And you don't have the heart to point out that they didn't have vaccine back then."
Since the bidding for Venezuela's phone company began a few weeks ago, only the American Telephone & Telegraph Company, heading another consortium, had made its interest public.
Hunt scored 6 of U.N.L.V.
A vase of fresh flowers is also a nice touch.
Prototype of nuclear submarine reactor to be closed down.
When Jumbo, injured for half the season, was in the lineup, the team moved the ball more effectively than when he was absent.
But Mookie Blaylock and Drazen Petrovic (22 points) were the only other Nets who were effective.
The Twins gave Junior Ortiz a $50,000 buyout instead of a $520,000 salary in 1992.
Sales had slipped 6.7 percent in December.
Laphroaig Distillery, Port Ellen, Isle of Islay PA42 7DU; (496) 2418.
Mr. Rotberg could not confirm that Miss Hall had known of the pectoral's existence, but it was frequently on display at the library from 1873 until 1968.
As Lincoln said, "We must think and act anew."
A crowd of about 5,000 had been waiting six hours when V. P. Singh rolled into this agricultural town in the early hours of the day on his nonstop election campaign.
Americans understandably don't like what they see.
Committee members approved Senator Nunn's proposal for a crash program to build new tactical ABM's like the Patriot.
Last month, Vaulin, now fighting as a cruiserweight, knocked out Siza Makhathini in Johannesburg.
The Chiefs signed him in 1989 as a Plan B free agent.
The prospective bridegroom graduated from the University of Virginia.
However, there was no resistance in 34 a4 d4 35 Nb5 after Christiansen's 35 .
2: Who commissioned the portrait?)
Such exuberant outlays could cause shortages that drive up prices.
And living in a military community, what she fears most is the toll a war would bring.
Robert R. Fair, associate dean of the University of Virginia's Darden graduate business school, said on the topic: "It is scary for students.
I feel very, very sorry he can't get a job, because I would like him to move out of the tunnel.
Many clients and journalists have stayed away from the Paris shows, as much for fears of terrorism as for the fact that the declining dollar has made some dresses as costly as a Mercedes.
Florida: Graham (D) Yes; Mack (R) No.
The reasons for any one year's progress on the test are elusive.
Some people thought that La Russa used the 1988 loss to Los Angeles as a motivating factor for the team's success in 1989 against San Francisco, and would do the same this year with last October's loss.
The savings and loan bailout could cost $500 billion over 40 years.
With one out in the first, Mark Grace and Ryne Sandberg each singled.
"After Martin did that to us, my brother and I never came back to the stadium," Griffey Jr. said.
He said that there was no evidence of a significant increase in giving this year and that past trends suggested a recession would hurt donations.
He goes on and on about the importance of magic in creativity, the dialectic between reality and imagination, the connection between "the sublime and the absurd."
Citicorp earned $70 million in the first quarter.
The Nikkei index of 225 issues finished the day down 3.81 points, or less than 1 percent, to 23,569.44.
It is sad that this is our life now, where the GAI and the Mafia are joining forces."
Dr. Robert G. Rohwer, an assistant professor of microbiology at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, meanwhile, has not abandoned the slow virus hypothesis.
affiliate in the Cayman Islands in 1986 and possibly earlier, for the purpose of buying the bank's shares.
b-Included a $ 149.3 million restructuring charge in connection with plans to consolidate company's worldwide manufacturing capacity.
"He will make things more interesting around here," said Holder.
To be sure, the watch does not keep perfect time.
In recent years, the United States has demanded that Japan cease or curb whaling and stop importing ivory and hawksbill turtle shells, and each time Tokyo has agreed reluctantly.
While Mr. Pankin was in Madrid acting as co-chairman of the Middle East peace conference late last month, President Boris N. Yeltsin of Russia suddenly announced that the Foreign Ministry should be cut by 90 percent, sending shock waves among the 12,700 staffers and diplomats.
He said he was leaving the board to spend more time working on projects at the institute.
Trying to repress Lithuania will only exacerbate the predicament he has faced since taking office five years ago.
At the Treasury Department's weekly auction held on Monday, average discount rates moved up for the third consecutive week to their highest since late April.
Gendex Corp., one million shares.
Still others want to restore the status quo.
Farma Way, a 4-year-old colt who has already earned more than $2 million, will be starting for the eighth time in the 10 races.
Mr. Thornburgh says he spends 40 percent of his time on such issues.
Today, working from her town house, Ms. Matthey continues to conduct most of coalition's business, writing and producing all of its printed material, answering mail, sending out meeting notices and typing up minutes.
Oct. 19 APPLE FESTIVAL, Trotting Horse Museum, 240 Main Street, Goshen, N.Y. 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. Local culinary students will offer a sampling of apple dishes, from pie to fresh-pressed cider.
Cut to Joe Biden's on-off smile switcheroo, cut to Teddy Kennedy's features -- the portrait of Dorian Gray.
But half of the desalted water would probably be sold to surrounding water districts.
One man's dream, meanwhile, is another's reality, and we will always remember Spitz, for example, winning those seven dazzling medals, but he sees himself, at 41, possibly winning another.
The script is by William Luce, who has already stitched the retiring existence of Emily Dickinson into the luminous "Belle of Amherst" for Miss Harris and fashioned the travails of Lillian Hellman into the feisty "Lillian" for Zoe Caldwell.
That number totals about 9,400 now and is to go up by 50 percent, to 14,000, by 1994.
Dinner served at 7:30 at the church at 62 East 92d Street.
Annie Girardot Rosaria Parondi .
Several journalists said they would continue to try to work on their own, despite the military's warnings that they were endangering their lives and despite a threat to cancel their credentials.
The key to the building's collections will be the Video Library Cassette System, which permits 96 people to view or listen to tapes simultaneously.
The Cleveland String Quartet recently performed there and it is the performing home of Ossining's Choral Arts Society.
* Naco Finance Corp., Dallas, an operater of campground sites, said a Dallas bankruptcy court had confirmed the plan of reorganization jointly proposed by Naco and its official Committee of Unsecured Creditors.
The dollar is supported by stable or higher rates, so inaction by the Fed has turned into a buy signal for currency traders.
"I don't like the unscientific approach of the polarization, which is based on far too little evidence on either side," he said.
Most American forces would be committed to logistics, air wings and nuclear forces, they stated.
The efficient companies will do fine and are doing fine."
On third down, with the Bears needing 11 yards for a first down, he hit Dennis Gentry in stride for a 38-yard gain.
He pitched five innings, gave up two runs and did not get a decision in a game that the Phillies rallied to win, 5-4, in 10 innings.
About 6,000 apartments were sold for owner-occupancy.
In April a general amnesty was granted to all prisoners and all death sentences were commuted.
A trembling seized me: fatigue, sinking grief, and mounting apprehension, together with the stifling heat and smell of the crew's quarters -- even more cramped than I recalled.
Besides, the Swedish formula seems to leave the core of the economy in the unsocialist hands of major corporations.
They designed Pennsylvania Station, the original Madison Square Garden, the Villard mansions, the Pulitzer mansion, the Morgan Library, the University Club, the Century Club, the Metropolitan Club, the main post office, the Washington Square arch, the Brooklyn Museum, the campus and most of the buildings of Columbia University, and on and on and on.
Soon after his indictment, he vanished.
If the people of East Timor desire to be part of Indonesia, why is a large occupation force necessary 15 years after the invasion?
But new ideas for fillings tax the cook's creativity.
"Stars and Stripes," Balanchine's affectionate spoof of patriotic parades, was sometimes unduly sobersided.
Coming Home to Hardship It is the best-paid jobs, in manufacturing, that are slipping away.
The Fed, which had been widely expected to drain excess reserves from the banking system yesterday, chose instead to stay out of the market.
And so on May 1, 1986, tens of thousands of children marched unwarned and unprotected through an environment saturated with radioactive poisons to celebrate the glories of the Communist reign.
Pour over the broth and zucchini.
Foreign companies sell bonds and stock in the United States, and American firms compete for underwriting business abroad.
The videotape shows more than a dozen uniformed officers crowding over a prone man, later identified as Rodney Glen King, an unemployed construction worker, who the police said had led them on a car chase.
In addition to saving the Countess from the crashing tent pole, his hero ics include getting the better of a left-wing journalist who inexplicably comes after him with a knife.
Figural drawings by this 18th-century English artist are less common than his landscapes and therefore more desirable, Mr. Clayton-Payne said.
Director, Permanent Citizens Advisory Committee to the M.T.A.
The court's decision affects about eight million acres, or nearly a third of eastern Germany's total land area, including the Wallich property in Jerchel.
HORSE SHOW The Children's Services Horse Show, opening on Tuesday and continuing through next Sunday at the Polo Grounds in Farmington, is another long-running event that has burgeoned into a multifaceted fair.
For a complete list of homes and visiting hours call 247-8996.
Confronted by a force of eight or nine officers, Tarpley surrendered without resistance, but he refused to submit to a breath or blood test, according to the sergeant.
Silver futures also rose on the Commodity Exchange, extending the gains posted in the two previous sessions.
Thus, interest in cars of the early 1950's is easing, while demand for early 1960's models is picking up.
We need different, more democratic approaches.
"Here if you skip class once, they call your house," said Cortez Gosa, 16 years old.
The state modules can extract pertinent data from the Federal module, which saves time.
Tickets Are Selling Mr. Randall's entire venture is something of an actor's grand gesture.
Steam pipes running from the boiler to the radiators should also slant downward toward the boiler.
14 11 20 CHUTZPAH, by Alan M. Dershowitz.
That's the name of the game.The question now is how drastically?
I would like to add another, less obvious but equally troubling byproduct of the possible demise of this festival.
As it had promised on Wednesday, the Federal Reserve yesterday added huge reserves to the banking system as a way of offsetting its rising cash balances.
THE JAFFE SYSTEM The Jaffe Electronic Reflected Energy System (ERES) bears virtually no relation to traditional amplification, in which an audio signal (a voice or instrument, for example) is projected into a hall at a volume louder than the original source.
Scott Stevens and Peter Stastny scored second-period goals for the Devils to break open a close game.
There is a waiting list seeking to participate in the event, said Peggy O'Brien, head of the Folger's education program, which is serving as a model for Shakespeare festivals around the country through a grant from the Department of Education.
"Gutfreund doesn't run the departments; the departments run themselves," one executive close to the firm said.
He was caught by a TV camera making an obscene gesture to a game official.
I think his comic vein deepened as he grew older.
She believes it was courageous of Johnson to speak out about his illness, and commends his intentions to do whatever he can to inform others about the AIDS virus, and to seek a cure, a cure that if found soon, would not only save millions of lives, but Johnson's life, too.
Eleanor Brenner opened her show yesterday morning with the bicycle pants, cotton sports jackets in two or three colors and tennis sweaters women like to wear during their leisure hours.
The spread of AIDS and diseases like hepatitis has required the collection centers to add elaborate new tests to the already extensive testing procedures that blood goes through before transfusion.
"I was about to leave to go to Princeton, I was 90 percent out the door, when Rockefeller offered me the possibility of having an independent lab here," said Dr. Nathaniel Heintz, who now runs his own laboratory.
Her wedding ring (after her first marriage, to the gospel composer Paul Johnson, she married Frank Gifford, the sports announcer) is a huge emerald-cut diamond.
She is not concerned about the violence, often a part of the neighborhood.
They cannot absorb every new medical finding that would be relevant.
One of them, ROBERT OLIVER, the executive chef of Taste Caterers, normally cooks for parties given by such clients as Bloomingdale's, Cartier and Gourmet magazine.
Nobody was sure if the puck went in.
Craig Griffin of the 79th Precinct Detective Squad said.
"There is a lot of fear," said Jay Goldinger, a principal at Capital Insight, a bond brokerage firm in Beverly Hills, Calif. "The market is in the mood where any sort of news is seen as a reason to sell."
"You're constantly being challenged by nature," she said one recent midsummer morning.
"We have always fought and died for America," Mr. Hawkins said, "even though we may be living in poverty.
NEC and NEC Toshiba Information Systems Inc., a marketing venture with the Toshiba Corporation of Japan, will begin shipments in the second half of next year.
"The ball just went our way tonight," Johnson said.
"He gave me his input with respect to the overall political issues that were created primarily during the period of time that the House Banking committee was looking into this," Mr. Nesland said.
His father is an endocrinologist in Lawrence.
Even in another language, the ages, sports, ambitions and musical favorites of all the teen-agers were amazingly similar, even when they were from another high school in a foreign town that might be as far as six miles away.
Heat oil in nonstick skillet and saute 1 tablespoon ginger, garlic and lemon grass for about a minute.
tests are grounded in white cultural values and are a poor tool for diagnosing other children.
Dr. Kessler and Agriculture Secretary Edward Madigan deserve praise for respecting the consumer's right to make informed dietary choices.
( Or why are there candy counters in movie theaters?
(He was closer to being Czech than Slovak.)
No, I haven't reached that conclusion at all.
Concerts and recitals in the Chautauqua Auditorium, Giora Bernstein music director.
I expect them to complain."
Today's urban poverty has indeed proved more vexing than that of the past, yet a wealth of research has produced many proposals that experts say are promising.
And the Japanese, who enjoy a $41 billion trade surplus with the United States, appear to be reacting in small ways already to the Administration's pressure.
General Brandtner said this area was being studied because it was just south of the mountainous passes near the Turkish border where the largest concentration of Kurds are suffering.
So, I think that one of the things that's happened out there is a lot of people who were supporters of Saddam Hussein, at least those who -- I'm not talking about the mob in the street because the mob in the street isn't going to change their opinion.
Blue-skinned flying heroes rescue dolphins trapped in tuna nets.
B8 A homeless woman's sizeable estate, left to a Massachusetts legislator and his aide in gratitude for their assistance, has become a political liability for that legislator.
Dr. Wallerstein points to recent data showing that about 90 percent of children from divorced households live with their mother, many of whom are beset by financial problems.
Other items of note include two contemporary pieces of intriguing promise, James Sellars's "Coffee Rondo for Bass and Harpsichord" and Laura Kaminsky's "Obsession for Cello and Percussion" (232-0085).
Mr. Johnson would not discuss details of the shooting, other than to say that prosecutors believed that Mrs. Mitchell was in fact wielding the officer's nightstick.
Although his concern for the environment is in accord with liberal thinking, his approach is a benign conservatism that calls on the prosperous to restrain their greed and share a little of their wealth, particularly in the form of no-nonsense assistance like a water purifier for a slum neighborhood in Jakarta.
Today King is still playing competitively.
And the Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company plans to bring out later this year a plastic desk organizer that is designed for recycling.
"SUMMER OF '42" (1971): A bashful teen-ager discovers first love in summertime, and the soundtrack is schmaltzy.
The restaurant specializes in salmon, sole, lobster and oysters and also offers steak.
The boat sailed on the Alberni Inlet to the Pacific Ocean, stopping on the way to permit vacationing kayakers to off-cargo their little boats and themselves, at the same time loading returning kayakers.
The 1992 election is more than a year away.
In addition to her husband, she is survived by a daughter, Charlotte, and two sons, Christopher and Sean William.
Israeli-American Benefit Nov. 18 -- American Friends of Tel Aviv University and the new National Actors Theater, founded by Tony Randall, will sponsor a 7 P.M. benefit at the Belasco Theater of the final dress rehearsal of Arthur Miller's "The Crucible," starring Martin Sheen and Michael York, with a reception following at Laura Belle, 120 East 43d Street.
The generally accepted estimate the Red Army's membership is 20 to 25.
More than one-half of this output returns to the United States in the form of imports from Singapore.
Himes, who was dismissed by the White Sox last year, was given an even more impressive title (executive vice president of baseball operations) and all the authority he might need in restructuring the Cubs, who finished fourth in the National League East with a 77-83 record.
"It's no good to just say, let's take away the cattle and wait" for the ecosystems to regenerate naturally, said Dr. Anthony Bradshaw of the University of Liverpool in England, an expert in restoration ecology.
Trajan grants clemency to those who rebel against him and celebrates "the happiness of the universe."
At Film Forum 1, 209 West Houston Street.
Mr. Milosevic's shift was partly a result of Western pressure.
SSI guards with gun licenses provide security for Ebbets Field Apartments, at 1720 Bedford Avenue, for example.
"With the in-the-grasp rule no longer there, he just beats off tacklers," he said.
Administration Reaction Today's announcements set off immediate speculation over their impact on the Senate hearings to confirm Judge Thomas as the replacement for Justice Thurgood Marshall, the first black to sit on the Court.
Undergraduates perform all tasks and have direct access to faculty scientists.
33 will be played instead of Symphony No.
She helped her mother, Miryam Lopez-Ballesteros, find a place to live.
For Mayor David N. Dinkins, who weighs his every word, finding the right ones to describe his revulsion at the pervasive racial inequities here has been a challenge.
Automobile sales, which represent one-fifth of retail sales, had fallen 2.7 percent in August, the Commerce report said.
"I shouldn't say this in front of anybody," said one agitated officer to a manager, "but your customers are really stupid.
Doubles range from $99 to $222.
But the Secretary General had been unable to tell him anything new about their fate.
Mrs. Edmundson, 32 years old, and her husband are partners in Tradak International Inc., a Greenwich company that represents American manufacturers of consumer goods sold in Eastern Europe.
But Wallace doubted the good faith of the buyers because of an earlier real-estate deal that Thacker had backed out of and that had ended in a dispute between the two parties.
It had no Napoleons or Bismarcks, no princes or kings.
She explained that the five lipsticks in the box would cost a total of about $55 if purchased separately, but the customer could get them plus other cosmetics in a set valued at $300 for a mere $25 if the customer spent $12.50 on other Ultima II products.
"We're a little afraid the floodgates are starting to open, and we're not quite ready."
When these paintings were auctioned last Friday morning, all 99 were sold for a total of $15.4 million, surpassing Christie's most optimistic expectations of $10 million at most.
ERIC J. SCHOENBERG Kentfield, Calif., April 17, 1991
Proper dress for church service required.
"It happens that Lockheed's designer of the F-117, Ben Rich, was given a retirement party last night," Colonel Whitley said.
Among the spectator events will be ski jumping, luge, biathlon and speed skating.
"Problems of political transition, economic adjustment -- those are not easy to describe in black and white terms, and they're even harder to resolve."
The scene was set for the political showdown.
He plays best when he plays with good players, when he doesn't have the pressure of having to score himself.
Compaq, of Houston, has long had a reputation for building high-quality, high-performance computers, with commensurately high prices.
And Peter Bounpane, an assistant director of the census, confirms that "if you change the smoothing procedure you get very different results."
But Mr. Howell added, "We think the public, Democrats and Republicans, support our position, and we hope the legislature listens to its constituents."
The finding was preliminary, and the next step is for the Commerce Department to determine whether illegal dumping -- selling vehicles at below-market prices to increase market share -- has actually occurred.
In addition to teaching children that physical aggression is an acceptable response when a person is angry or frustrated, "corporal punishment doesn't show the child an effective alternative way to behave," said Dr. Darwin Dorr, a psychologist at Highland Hospital in Asheville, N.C., who conducts workshops on discipline.
For a 10-year bond with an 8 percent coupon the total return for a year would be cut to 1.5 percent if rates go up 1 percent and it would be a negative 4.5 percent if they go up 2 percent.
Manhattan Ocean Club 57 West 58th Street, (212) 371-7777 -- At this sophisticated midtown seafood house the main dining room, two flights below street level, is handsome and relaxing, done in unaggressive creams and pastels.
But one senior aide said the President and his war council, who met for two hours on Tuesday morning, were consumed by a deepening sense of resignation about "the realities of Iraqi intransigence."
In this instance, she is in the twilight of her career, but expects to perform with other companies, including the Cleveland San Jose Ballet and Ballet Met in Columbus, Ohio.
Personal property is revalued every year, so it keeps pace with inflation, he said, while real property is revalued every 10 years, and it falls behind.
They have to have an edge.
Dissenting with Judge Titone were Judges Fritz W. Alexander 2d and Stewart F. Hancock Jr. "After reading the majority's opinion," Judge Titone said, "one is left with the impression that rules of law are merely matters of policy preference to be invoked, modified or simply ignored when their consequences are, in the eyes of four members of this court, inconvenient or undesirable."
One of those was electronic photography.
Our municipal water costs more, because of the efforts we must take to keep it clean.
Of those materials, 2,500 are journals of the kind now available by fax.
Admission: $5; $4 for members.
He and his wife are being held in jail, unable since June 1989 to make the $1.5 million bond set for him or the $1 million bond set for her.
Dr. David Bennett, president of the company and a former superintendent of schools in St. Paul, dismisses those worries, asserting that tighter controls and more prudent spending will work.
The network, a nonprofit agency based in Richmond, Va., was hired by the Federal Government in 1987 to match organ donors with recipients nationwide and to serve as a national transplant registry.
The talks between the company and the bondholders broke off late Tuesday, with each side blaming the other.
The winners of such a closed system are, inevitably, the brokers with superior knowledge about what is really happening.
Marinovich was indefinitely suspended by the U.S.C.
The reason is that Gillette underestimated demand for Sensor, he said, and is still putting resources into increasing manufacturing capacity for the product, which could delay profitability.
"We'll be getting lower temperatures by Monday for sure," said Doug Jackson, an analyst in Des Moines with the Farmers Commodities Corporation.
"Two hundred and sixteen pounds."
Shrugging off President Bush's threatened use of a veto, Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir said today that Israel and its supporters in Washington would keep pressing the United States Congress for swift approval of $10 billion in loan guarantees intended to help resettle Soviet Jewish immigrants here.
When it announced its new family of mainframe computers last fall, the International Business Machines Corporation delayed availability of the top-of-the-line water-cooled models, and many of its largest customers have been waiting for these machines to upgrade their systems.
Slam and No Slam The opening spade lead was won with the ace, and a diamond was discarded.
Most of the 190 families who will live in the hotel have been doubled up with friends or relatives or in one of the city's welfare hotels.
If this incident had not happened, what then?
After the man escaped, the neighbors attacked the man's car in frustration, smashing its windows and tipping it over.
For more than a century a New Yorker has been able to go to the farthest reaches of the subway system for one fare, and every increase in the fare has been made only with considerable deliberation.
On third-and-4, Kosar looked to pass but then scrambled to the Jets' 39-yard line, where cornerback Mike Brim knocked the ball loose.
In a sunlit patio of the AIDS Solidarity House here, Gilmar Luiz de Santos extended a wiry forearm to show needle tracks scarring a vein.
It is fundamental to these images that Watteau was born and raised in Valenciennes, a town around 140 miles northeast of Paris and not far from what is now the Belgian border.
Given those facts, Ms. Hogan has craftily assumed her colorful plumage and should certainly grow in the course of the run of the play.
Mr. Stuart is seen driving in his convertible, talking on his car phone and giving a tour of his expensive new Legends ranch, which he says has something to do with the American dream.
The principal figures, who are apparently unrelated as the film begins, are sedate young Milanese professionals with a rich supply of hidden distress but no overt awareness of their own dissatisfaction.
The painting -- "Images" by Phyllis Marks of Port Chester -- so intrigued Ms. DeAngelis, a hair stylist at the Neiman Marcus store here, that she eventually bought it as a gift for the surgeon who operated on her father.
"He was the first man who taught me how to use a computer," Mr. Jones said.
But as Bensi waited to file a damage claim this morning, he waved down the street toward the area of greatest damage and said: "You don't see people not smiling.
Analysts were impressed that the bank, which is based in Pittsburgh, had roughly sustained the higher net interest margin that it had reported in the first quarter, a ratio that reflects the difference between the bank's cost of funds and the price of its loans.
Mr. Mang, who is 45 years old, will join the chairman's office of Woodward/Wanamaker, which includes Mr. Aronson and Robert J. Mulligan,vice chairman and chief administrative officer.
U-PICK, Mullica Hill, apples and pumpkins, (609) 478-2864.
The optimistic octave leap at its beginning and the flourishes that follow play wonderfully against the plaintive, questioning counterthemes of the first movement.
Another problem for the Yankees: Once all of the lawsuits disappear, the partnership can expect a bill from the commissioner's office for legal fees incurred in the three suits triggered by Steinbrenner's ouster.
Yield: 4 to 6 servings.
He was 86 years old.
To the Editor: There's another funny and ironic side to the dispute between Bozo the Clown and Bozo the Barbecue ("In Court, a Bitter Duel for the Right to Be a Bozo," Law page, Aug. 2).
Using Oberstdorf as a training ground, he and his partner, Jayne Torvill, won four consecutive world titles for Britain in ice dancing from 1981 to 1984, rounding out their exemplary amateur career with a gold medal at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia.
These processes of addition and subtraction went on all evening.
Some savings banks have also found that the best time to buy is when everyone else is selling.
Dr. Nicholson's tenure was also marked by bitter disputes over a 1976 disclosure of laboratory experiments on cats and a 1984 exhibition of fossils from South Africa.
Western economists are virtually of one voice in urging the opening of borders to inter-republic trade.
"If the Fed can make it easier by bringing these rates down, then that will be to the economy's benefit."
Their main criticism of the accords signed on Wednesday in the Dutch town of Maastricht was that they did not go far enough.
While both men maintained that they had affairs with players, they were covered as isolated incidents.
So when the deal is right, he is taking Northwestern on the road for home games.
In fact, the buyers of record for the Titian were the London gallery Hazlitt, Gooden & Fox in partnership with Herman Shickman, a dealer based both in London and New York.
This is largely because He spent the first 18 months in his job banging his head against the wall in the Arab-Israeli deadlock, without much success or cooperation from the parties themselves.
INTERNATIONAL President Bush extended trade benefits for the Soviet Union and is said to be increasingly receptive to inviting Gorbachev to London in July.
These are not rent-a-crowd crowds.
In April, the Body Shop, a retail cosmetics chain that specializes in natural products, introduced a 21-product addition for non-Caucasian women, called Shade Extensions.
Tubs of it are often set out in the late summer months to provide unusual display.
Oh, yes, and the Mets would take back Frank Viola, a third Cy Young Award winner, if he came cheap.
Prof. of Political Science Brooklyn College, CUNY Brooklyn, Oct. 9, 1991
In New York State, according to the State Department of Social Services, about 60 percent of child abuse reports are found to be unsubstantiated.
They produce 3,700 pounds of milk a day, with an average annual production of 22,000 pounds a cow, much higher than on most farms.
New York, after all, was always the city that was going to be wonderful if they ever finished it, and even now, it keeps primping to maintain a glamorous facade, as its age bursts through the makeup in broken water mains and potholes.
Ms. Lee is an economist.
Her father is a lawyer in Short Hills.
Grant and as performed with suspender-snapping verisimilitude by John McConnell, the play is a quick character sketch with anecdotes and asides, rather than the full-length portrait the subject deserves.
Revlon Inc., his giant cosmetics company, is holding sales talks with Procter & Gamble, L'Oreal and Unilever, at prices estimated in the billions.
Tonight: Chris Carter at 10 P.M.; no cover charge.
"Little bit," he said, "but if you make good concentration you don't hear noise."
With a little guidance and encouragement from parents, children can come away feeling better about themselves.
Though most of the world applauded the President's decision, not everyone accepted his language.
Hybridization should be disregarded altogether as a consideration in designating threatened or endangered subspecies or subpopulations, the two scientists wrote.
The three students are studying for master's degrees in the software field to keep up with the needs of Northern Telecom Ltd., which recently acquired Computer Consoles.
The salon, which features its own skin- and beauty-care products, also offers these services on an a la carte basis.
He was around 50 years old and for two or three innings he still had great control and velocity.
The bill would allow doctors called up for service to suspend payment of premiums on their medical malpractice insurance.
He was pronounced dead at Jacobi Hospital a short time later, the police said.
Early tenants included such renowned New York City professionals as Charles Loring Brace, founder of the Children's Aid Society, and John Norton Pomeroy, law professor and dean at New York University.
Civil Servants Pledge to Fight At a hearing Tuesday night at John Jay High School in Cross River, Steve Alviene, speaking for the Civil Service Employees Association, said that his union, which represents more than 6,000 county workers, pledged to fight harder to protect a scheduled 5.25 percent pay raise "than we did to get the raise in the first place."
Intense political pressure to avoid inflicting civilian casualties, however, has forced field commanders to halt their planned destruction of the two remaining bridges, a senior Pentagon official in Washington said.
Automobiles continue to be an irritant.
With leverage, the two funds not only invested all the money that shareholders had invested, but also borrowed more money to buy stocks.
One of these animals had no Y chromosome but carried the Sry gene.
At the same time, Mr. Baker appealed to Israel's Prime Minister, Yitzhak Shamir, to consider taking steps to open the way for negotiations with the Arab countries and with the Palestinians.
She spoke Mandarin with the clerks, and her husky "xie xie" -- "thank you" -- reverberated through the aisles.
But you don't want to be distracted from your goals."
"I would hope that those considering would make up their mind by the first week of November or Election Day of this year," Mr. Brown said.
"I wasn't drafted," Abrams would answer.
Governments that violate these rules will be punished.
It is this hormone, thyroid stimulating hormone, or TSH, that stimulates the thyroid gland to produce its own hormones.
But the directories do give a home address at 445 West 44th Street in 1863 to 1864.
So his last shot, a long, long 3-point attempt with four seconds to go, with two or three or 20 North Carolina players rushing up with arms high to stop him, bounced off the front rim.
Based on its recommendations, baseball's 26 owners will decide the winning franchises before the end of September.
Patrol officers are evaluated by statistical measures (for example, the number of calls handled and arrests made) and are rewarded for being "hard-nosed."
But the killing on Monday of one of the country's most prominent senators, the fourth killing in the last six weeks, is raising questions about the ability of the country -- and the economy -- to stay on course.
This might require an extended United States Air Force deployment in Saudi Arabia, whose officials have raised the issue of cost to the United States.
More Scuds Are Fired Iraq was reported today to have launched more long-range Scud missiles today, firing two at Israel.
Winning the Domino's Pizza account was important for Grey and its creative team.
A fitting dessert is the relatively light and citric Key lime cheesecake ringed by a mixed berry coulis sweetened with dessert wine.
b-Net incomeResults are in Canadian funds.
As for the past: "It's over.
But the Soviet generals are balking.
Through Mr. Podnieks's lens, the Yaroslavl engine factory is straight out of Dickens.
Pam Fitzgerald, his exercise rider, reported later that Hansel "seemed to get hold of the track pretty good and seems fine."
The agency has the authority to order refunds on commission or improper profits or to revoke or suspend the licenses of brokers involved in cases where the law has been violated.
Born in Rutland, Vt., Mr. Tracy lived in Korea, France, Italy, Trinidad, the Canary Islands, Egypt, Iran, Iraq and Germany before moving to Beirut to sell books translated into English, encyclopedias and American classics.
A Chapter 13 filing, another option open to individuals in which debt is reorganized, also requires a trustee.
Featured Actor in a Play: Kevin Spacey in "Yonkers" is the clear winner, having paid lots of dues and doing good work now in a hit.
Succeeding Mr. Walker in Hong Kong is Chris Jaques, 33, who was managing director in Singapore.
The book, like Mr. Palmer's documentary that was televised here in December, asserts that Mr. Menuhin's mother dominated his early life and career, telling his first wife, Nola, to abstain from sex before concerts.
It had a loss a year earlier.
The bobsled federation is sending over more athletes.
A small percentage of books by black writers have always sold well, and "Roots," by Alex Haley, "Fatherhood," by Bill Cosby, and "The Color Purple," by Alice Walker, have each sold in the millions.
People who need more than a single session, Dr. Talmon said, include those with problems so severe, like psychosis or suicidal feelings, that they require hospital treatment, or with conditions like manic-depression, which require a longer period to find the proper medication.
The portrait, with its dissonant hues, was a prime target of the storm the Fauves aroused at their first exhibition, at the Autumn Salon in Paris in 1905.
"And remember, don't ask him to sign your name," said the woman, who had recently taken her family to Disney World.
He invited them back, but relations were again derailed in September when Zambia failed to make a debt payment and reneged on a promise to halt food subsidies for the urban poor.
Like others critical of the Government, he insisted his name not be used.
Mr. Bush singled out Cuba as a holdout against the tide of democracy that has swept Europe and Latin America in recent years, but he made no mention of China, with whom he has tried to maintain cordial relations, or other Communist regimes.
You've just been through an experience in your life that most people would never have.
We made him rich and applauded him for the ugliest aspect of his life, the way he could unleash Pyscho Pup in the ring, the totally focused fury that hammered opponents helpless.
And beyond all that, the argument goes, the Soviet economy is on the verge of collapse, and only Western intervention can pull it out.
We have heard no reason to change that.
The occupant or occupants got away, although the police opened fire.
I felt all this fear and this dirtiness; I was just so afraid and confused by everything that had happened to me.
The recipients were INGMAR BERGMAN, the director; EDUARDO CHILLIDA, the sculptor; GAE AULENTI, the designer and architect; GYORGY LIGETI, the composer, and BALTHUS, the painter.
"If it works, we'd be delighted to do it," he said.
Myocarditis: This heart inflammation can cause death at rest as well as during exercise.
Miri Fabian, an actress who came to Israel from Czechoslovakia in 1949, would return it all -- East Jerusalem, the West Bank, the Golan Heights, the Gaza Strip, everything.
President Bush called President F. W. de Klerk of South Africa today to applaud his latest moves to dismantle apartheid, the White House said.
Writers drift to the big city and learn how a writer lives from observing others of his kind, just as homosexuals perfect their values and manners by imitating older exemplars.
The Sumitomo Bank rescued Itoman once before, after the oil crisis in 1974 sent Itoman's textile trading business into a tailspin.
Included in Mr. Grappelli's program will be music he has composed for films.
The Lakers (29-11) scored 10 of their 16 points from the free-throw line while New Jersey (13-27) did not have an attempt from the line.
In documenting this addiction, Daniel Yergin has written "a work that deserves to become the standard text on the history of oil," Leslie H. Gelb said here last year.
Jim Florio signed the bill, the panel authorized the first weekend of nonstop gambling, 90 straight hours starting at the regular 10 A.M. today and ending at 4 A.M. on Monday.
The commander, Janez Slapar, said: "We have only light anti-armor weaponry.
Enberg's future pick is Chiefs' safety Deron Cherry.
Congressional leaders have urged Mr. Bush to avoid heavy casualties if at all possible, and both Mr. Cheney and General Schwarzkopf have spoken this week about the need to use ground forces in some way that will drive the Iraqi forces into the path of fresh air attacks.
For such a harrowing experience there is little solace, except that we caught the cancer in time to eliminate it and that when I woke up from the operation, my body was still recognizable, if not quite familiar, to me.
Mrs. Marrazzo moved her lower jaw to agree.
A senior Mexican official added, "There is no way we can accept anything less."
"They are indifferent to who makes the laptop computer on which they compose their free-trade arguments."
"There are lots of cars going by.
"Slovenia was the last part of Austria-Hungary to leave when the empire collapsed in 1918," he said, adding that the Slovenes joined the Serbs and Croats in a Serb-dominated kingdom after World War I in great part because many of their leaders feared an Italian invasion.
Similarly, according to the evidence I have seen, there have been no significant personnel changes in the major cities outside Moscow.
And that is a very important point.
Heat the vegetable oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat and add the patties.
A scanner programs the sketch into the machine, which already has 481 stitch designs in its memory.
Already in ancient times, Jews carefully assembled weekday wardrobes, Sabbath garments and finery for festivals.
He said Mr. Falls had been in the hospital only briefly after returning from a trip to Asia.
* Federal Express, Memphis, to BBDO Worldwide, New York, for its advertising in Puerto Rico and Mexico.
The three contracts, good for more than $20 billion, and stretching well beyond the year 2000, are a badly needed tonic for a company battered by the recession.
* Telephone and Data Systems Inc., Chicago, has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for $100 million in senior unsecured debt securities through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc.
It all dealt with a baseball game, one in which the umpire had the courage to call one against the home team, to call it as he saw it, as stupid and blind as he might be.
The ceremony went on without incident and afterward there was the pealing of church bells in celebration.
The Pentagon units are coordinating efforts with psychological-warfare experts from the C.I.A.. "It's the same thing they tried to do in Panama, but without much success," said an official who spoke on condition of anonymity, referring to the December 1989 invasion.
Instead, she shouted, "Excuse me, but is my outfit too loud?"
We expect Libya to comply promptly and in full."
On the day of the 1983 economic summit, James A. Baker 3d, then chief of staff, realized Mr. Reagan had not read his briefing book.
Boosting him into a higher orbit this season will be the V-12 engine replacing last year's V-10.
Free guided tours of El Pueblo are available Tuesdays through Saturdays hourly from 10 A.M. to 1 P.M., starting at the firehouse.
American has hired and trained 700 to 900 pilots a year since 1983 and company officials say any new pilots could be flying within five weeks of the day they are hired.
Last year, although about six inches of snow fell across most of the state on Dec. 28, rain, fog and mild weather made ski conditions poor during most of Christmas week.
A recent article in a Moscow newspaper said the document was probably a fake, but Swedish officials do not know the basis for that report.
Throughout his career he flourished as a doer -- in every job, he accomplished more than anyone ever had before -- and as a compromiser.
The General Dynamics Corporation is telling its shareholders that it could face an additional loss of $500 million from the canceled A-12 aircraft program if it is unsuccessful in its legal challenge against the Government.
The Riley boys are impelled to action by their grandfather's tale of the Celtic hero Oisin and his white horse.
Hao Bing, a friend of Mr. Ling's who witnessed the shooting, said a brief argument broke out between the artist and a group of four youths who elbowed their way through the small crowd around him and started arguing over the "double face" portrait he was painting of a young couple.
* Paul DuCharme, vice president and director of print media at Grey Advertising, New York, is switching sides: He will become senior vice president and director of corporate marketing, a new position at Hachette Magazines, New York.
"I think about what Mr. Brady is going through just because of one gun."
From Corky, who has Down syndrome on the ABC series "Life Goes On," to models in wheelchairs in catalogues for retailers like Eddie Bauer and Nordstrom, to shots of wheelchair marathoners and people talking in sign language in commercials for companies like Chrysler and McDonald's, there is a steady stream of what advocates for the disabled call more "real life parts."
After all, this drug is intended not to prevent conception, but to reverse its outcome.
Whitman, swallow management's excuses uncritically?
Where other designers were tentative, he was forceful.
"You've got to try something.
The small but solidly built man's jaw trembled.
But with Magic acknowledging so many trysts with so many women in so many cities, he seems to be equally sexist.
"It appears that he felt he had no choice," he said, referring to the orders Mr. Rudolph said he received to shift from his role as a research engineer to production manager of the V-2 plant.
For victory this time he is counting on three elements: recovery from the recession; declines in the federal budget deficit and credible progress in resolving the constitutional crisis to keep the country from splitting apart.
Barbara Rebecca Lowenthal, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Steven Lowenthal of Harrison, N.Y., and Paul Andrew Rosenthal, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Rosenthal of Muttontown, N.Y., were married last evening at the home of the bride's parents.
Gullikson recalled how, as a player, he had often been in demand as a hitting partner when somebody had a match with a left-hander coming up.
FRANCIS SHOR Detroit, Jan. 17, 1991 The writer is an associate professor of humanities at Wayne State U.
More important, he is one of several young Yankees for the future.
Today, the Moiseyev Dance Company may resemble yet another major performing-arts ensemble from abroad.
The court has recently held political trials for nearly 30 Tiananmen democracy advocates, sentencing students to under four years and intellectuals and workers to longer terms.
Representative Jerry Lewis, a California Republican, for one, saw signs that this session might be the least civil in his 12 years in Congress.
Jordan acknowledged that efforts to link the war to the Palestinian issue had failed.
Mr. Sick, who now teaches at Columbia University, wrote that he now believed such a deal may have been initiated in July 1980 in a hotel meeting in Madrid between William J. Casey, the Reagan campaign chairman, and Hojatolislam Mehdi Karrubi, a cleric close to Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the Iranian revolutionary leader.
She arrived wearing a red silk blouse that nicely complemented the sauce on the 20 pounds of ribs she carried.
The rock guitarist CARLOS SANTANA pleaded no contest yesterday in a Houston court to a charge of possessing marijuana.
I used to get kidded about it in grade school.
On the private sector side of things he wants us to "start a few sophisticated national newspapers," reinstall Latin in the high schools and have the guts to tell BAD restaurateurs that no, we have not enjoyed our dinner, thanks all the same.
Long a Place Unto Itself But in the long tradition of hierarchical rule from Moscow or St. Petersburg, it has always taken a long time for new ways to filter down.
Hospitalization Is Common Although Dr. Bruce K. Lloyd 3d, the Navy cardiologist caring for the President, said that he had treated patients experiencing their first onset of atrial fibrillation by scheduling frequent return checkups, other experts said that patients wavering between rhythms would more commonly be kept in a hospital for closer monitoring.
It's something to help you out for the time being until you're able to take care of yourself.
The largest depositor is the state, with $9.6 million tied up in three institutions.
A decade of rapid growth in home health care has forged a $15 billion industry with more than 12,500 companies and not-for-profit services.
They're strong, tough and aggressive, qualities essential to survival in such a hostile environment."
"We assume it may have been thrown at him," said Dudley Sims the public affairs officer at the embassy.
Using the latest computer software, they have found ways to ram a great deal more information down what was thought to be unyielding copper telephone wiring.
"Paramount was going to make it, but we couldn't find people to be in it.
Television networks can produce all of their prime-time programs now but have syndication rights to none.
Homestake rose 7/8, to 16 5/8, and American Barrick was up 3/8, to 22 1/8.
She began tracking the course of her grief.
Seeking to capitalize on the prospect of being the city's first woman Mayor, billboards for Ms. Corradini declare: "It's time."
Initial reports from General Schwartzkopf are that our operations are proceeding according to plan.
He taught at the Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York.
The new crowd will want to be seen as tougher in defending traditional Soviet interests than outgoing Foreign Minister Shevardnadze.
Their recipes are written in the easy, concise manner of the very best legal briefs; the preparations are mostly quick and uncomplicated.
The lines outside keep growing longer, and donations have been coming in slower.
A prolific writer, he also wrote novels, biographies of leading Irish figures, plays and travelogues.
"Just in casual conversation with him, he doesn't come through as a nut," Mr. Morgenthau said.
"He was not close to Kryuchkov at all, actually," Colonel Tsarev said.
Currently, William Bernstein, a former executive vice president of Orion, is serving as president and chief executive officer of the company.
The circulation figures at The Sun had a shaper drop.
Mr. Vallone is trim and a touch vain about his appearance; he wears well-cut suits and a toupee and plays tennis one night a week without fail.
Santa Monica, it seems, has the opposite problem: California has no such law governing restroom use and city officials say men have been frightening women away from public lavatories by loitering inside to sell drugs or commit lewd acts.
Gen R. Moffatt, a 20-year-old insurance rate technician in Boston whose stepfather is in the Navy in the gulf region, said she had made no plans for tonight and had misgivings even about watching the late news.
The New Yorker magazine awarded its $1 million advertising account to Goodby, Berlin & Silverstein of San Francisco, but the significance goes far beyond the billings.
It was Mr. Stokes who came up with the final form of the map after conferring with the two party delegations.
Hours: 9 A.M. to 6:30 P.M. Monday through Friday, 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. Saturdays.
But their stories did not reach the daytime television audience that Senator Kennedy clearly wished they would.
But Dr. June E. Osborn, chairwoman of the National Commission on AIDS, told the President, "We have a bad decade coming," and added, "It is a tragic thing to see that for people who already have the disease, the system is not working."
Juvenile Fillies - Pleasant Stage.
If we do not, we risk creating an even sicker system than the one we have, one in which each of us is limited to a standard of care now available only to the poor, pregnant and female: legal abuse and federally funded medical malpractice.
Mrs. Penson said that one doctor friend, disliking the congestion in California, moved his family recently to Montana, known as the "Big Sky" state, with plenty of open space.
By some counts, more than half the city budget goes for services to poverty-stricken people and areas.
In addition, Jacques Attali, who is a former aide of President Francois Mitterrand and now the head of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, issued his own invitation Friday to Mr. Gorbachev, asking him to attend a "working session" at the bank's London headquarters in July.
The offices were to have been built on land the institute owns below the Palisades, with two 12-story buildings starting from its base and rising above it, and was fiercely opposed by environmentalists and others in Hoboken.
The borrower should ask the current lender to assign its mortgage to the new lender.
"The majority were people who would clearly have been pro-choice," he said.
After the questionnaires were returned to the chamber, candidates were interviewed for 45 minutes each by members of the PAC.
Rampant corruption accompanies political repression.
"When you add up all the kinds of guests that Lynes throws rocks at, you get the feeling that maybe Lynes just doesn't like people," wrote Ted Robinson Jr. in The New York Times.
In large part, the optimism seems based on the presumption that as a last resort, someone would buy the paper because of its progress in recovering circulation and advertising since a five-month strike ended in March.
The protest, which drew about 200 participants at its height, was well-organized and generally peaceful, but it prompted some of the angriest rhetoric since the four days of violence that followed the Aug. 19 death of 7-year-old Gavin Cato.
Voted to the Eastern Conference team again were Larry Bird of the Boston Celtics and Charles Barkley of the Philadelphia 76ers at forward, Patrick Ewing of the Knicks at center and Jordan and Isiah Thomas at guard.
Seosamh O'Cuaig, a producer at the national Gaelic-language radio station a few miles away, said part of the unemployment problem was the Government policy of deducting from the public assistance dole any income made by a person.
The pianist Vladimir Feltsman is to play Bach's Partita No.
At the shopping center, with the visor of his Salvation Army cap pulled down tight, covering not only his hair but also his forehead, he was hard to recognize.
People now feel like 'I did what I could and there was no result, so why should I try any more?'
According to the report, more than 8,000 babies born in 1988 in nonmetropolitian areas -- towns of less than 20,000 people and in rural areas -- died before reaching their first birthdays.
Macy's and Zabar's are sniping at each other's bottom lines on beluga.
That's strictly a gut reaction.
"And I also saw that places like this and Goldsmith were the new Scalis."
Professor Koshland discussed this and other findings on April 22 in Atlanta, at the annual meeting of the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology, where he accepted the 11th-annual Merck Award for his work on protein chemistry and the biochemical basis of memory.
Gold prices also moved higher.
The closest thing that I know to the policies of Germany in this country is the so-called affirmative action or quota systems.
That the movement would take root here says much about the flavor of San Marcos, a friendly town of 35,000 people 30 miles south of Austin that retains a small, vocal camp of residents who pride themselves on dwelling largely in the 60's.
Against the Phoenix Cardinals and the New England Patriots late last season, he was merely adequate.
But he was widely viewed as having enough support for confirmation when the full Senate was scheduled to vote on Tuesday.
The coach also has new baseball dreams.
Mr. Duke said Mr. Hawks was an agent of the Edwards campaign, an assertion that Mr. Edwards and Mr. Hawks denied.
The aura of mystery is magnified by the periodic rumors of the sybaritic way of life that is supposedly enjoyed on the other side of the wall.
The Traffic Map B4 Veterans Day Box B5
BACKER SPIELVOGEL BATES said yesterday that it had hired Donald Easdon, a creative director best known for his unconventional campaign to introduce Nissan's Infiniti luxury car, which featured shots of rocks and trees, with nary a car in sight.
Vehicle for Arms Treaty The summit was scheduled as the vehicle for Mr. Gorbachev and Mr. Bush to sign a new treaty that would cut long-range nuclear weapons.
The cycle is a half-hour setting of 21 poems in Russian by Rimma Dalos.
I even went away for the weekend with him."
"I think they used to be in a mausoleum," Mr. Letelier said.
I find it sad to see in times of economic retrenchment that the artistic institutions that most support creativity are themselves most threatened.
Mrs. Marrazzo was asked whether she wanted her respirator disconnected.
Many traders had expected the rally to continue overnight after silver's strong close on Wednesday in New York but there was no follow-through on overseas markets, said John Jonat, a vice president of Barclays Bank P.L.C.
Rochester has cherished and taken deep civic pride in its trees since the late 1800's.
Beverly S., 23, Army, Armagh, Pa. CLARK, Master Sgt.
The evidence so far suggests that the reare real, but superficial.
From the 1982 announcement of the A.T.&T.
People are feeling economic pain right across America.
The movie is about the one wild night spent in Valkenheiser's dungeons by Chevy Chase, Demi Moore and other unlucky motorists, all arrested by the Valkenvania sheriff (John Candy).
Iona (17-13) shot 36.7 percent from the field, far below the 68 percent it hit in upsetting Siena.
is a master builder of psychological thrillers."
In 1981, for the first time since 1969, the Jets made the playoffs.
The inn -- it was used in the television miniseries "North/South" -- has 11 rooms plus a 9,500-square-foot residence at the rear.
The first man was removed in about 35 minutes, fire officials said, but the second, buried beneath 30 feet of debris, was trapped for more than three hours.
3 3 10 HEIR TO THE EMPIRE, by Timothy Zahn.
Both East players took the ace and shifted to a trump.
Betz's test car, a white two-door LE, was nicely dressed and, unfortunately, looked a lot grander than it was.
"I'm fortunate to have a job that, when I was a kid, I dreamed of doing.
Yields range from 5.3 percent in 1993 to 6.454 percent in 1999.
Sears had intended to offer the cards with the Prime Option logo, a registered trademark of Sears's Dean Witter subsidiary.
But he said Washington wanted a more time to withdraw its forces after the seven-year period ended.
Like all state employees, museum guards are entitled by law to two weeks of thermal baths above and beyond their usual seven weeks of paid vacation.
The discovery, he said, "will elucidate parts of the undocumented history of the Late Byzantine era in the region," a time when the Ottoman Empire was at war with Eastern Europe.
"There are no discussions or allegations from the regulators that management was incapable, or has done anything fraudulent or unsound," Mr. Johnson said.
Hurricane Bob ripped through Long Island on Monday, knocking out electricity to some 380,000 home and businesses.
Mr. Lapham takes a conspiratorial view of President Bush's whole performance from the time Iraq invaded Kuwait last August.
Tree-Planting Trek in Nepal This 20-day expedition initiates the Journeys forestry program each year.
A14 Kansas campus debates ouster of black leader A14 Regional B1-7 New York City's Dominicans have transformed the city in the 1980's, the decade of much of their immigration.
The institute would like to expand it, but money is scarce.
Though the political and religious associations are sometimes vague, the movie is composed of vividly depicted, very particular events.
While the exhibits were very interesting, we are advising friends to postpone a visit until such time as there is reasonably efficient access at a reasonable price.
It may seem odd that the Government is running one of New York City's biggest private garbage hauling companies.
Yeltsin's Forecast "In December, Russia faces historic events, the transition to a market economy with all the consequences -- privatization, issuing of shares, changes in taxation and the financial system, liberalization of foreign economic activity and of prices," Tass quoted Mr. Yeltsin as saying.
Soviet officials here contend that Moscow has no ulterior motives in keeping troops in Poland.
The Serb irregulars stormed across the Danube in July, taking the first towns on the Croatian side of the river in a fierce battle.
The formula, obviously, is already written in concrete.
Because he paid such high prices for many of his properties, many did not generate enough money to pay the interest on the loans underlying them.
Since the monument was built by excavating surrounding limestone, exposing the core out of which the Sphinx was carved, the rock floor has presumably been exposed directly to weathering since the construction began.
Filet mignon was an expertly cooked beauty under its dollop of melting herb butter.
And why isn't Princess Stephanie of Monaco happy kissing babies and serving tea?
The volunteers didn't know that the stimulator was a sham and had no power to produce a painful sensation.
Analysts said the figures overstated actual consumer demand, which remains sluggish but is showing signs of gradual improvement.
They shoot people, don't they?
Mr. Adolf testified that it was "a good offer" and that he had informed Mrs. Langowski about the planned resale of the apartment.
Questions About $55,000 On Saturday, the police with search warrants seized records at the state Democratic headquarters and at the home and offices of Mr. Kenney, lawyers said.
Walter S. Frank, chief economist for IBC/Donoghue's, said total assets of the tax-exempt funds rose by $361 million, to $89.9 billion, in the week.
joint venture, Prodigy Services Company, have been somewhat cumbersome to use and have been viewed more as a novelty than a necessary adjunct to daily life.
The Liberal Party was born in the mid-40's in a split from the American Labor Party over allegations that Communists had infiltrated the Labor Party.
Mr. Bates said many of his and Vanguard's difficulties were rooted in the national recession of the early 1980's.
WEAKNESSES: Seven offensive starters are gone.
They recall that Wayne Limberg, a State Department official and former C.I.A.
This is like slaughtering chickens at the butcher's."
Government plans call for the number of plants to double by the year 2010.
The 55-year-old San Diego native had plied gulf waters in 1983 as the first commander of the very small standing American naval force of the new Central Command.
The only reason cod has had a bad rap all these years is that until now it has been thought of as common."
Meanwhile, the current commissioner, Fay Vincent, says he has nothing to do with the balloting for the Hall of Fame, which is a private organization that is officially separated from Major League Baseball, but of course takes counsel from baseball; the presidents of both major leagues are on that aforementioned committee, and it's the commissioner who hands out the plaques at the induction ceremonies, as he did for Perry, among others, last Sunday.
On Friday the center, an advocacy organization for Haitian exiles, hopes to send a lawyer to at least one Coast Guard cutter and the Navy base at Guantanamo where refugees are being held.
The next evening, Tracey and Mr. Steed smoked crack in their bedroom and plotted to kill the grandmother, according to a police account of their confession.
The major issue among Vietnamese in the United States is whether Washington should open diplomatic relations with Hanoi in the hope that the Communist government there will become more liberal or whether to continue to work for its collapse.
In addition to sampling error, the practical difficulties of conducting any survey of public opinion may introduce other sources of error into the poll.
There is a general premise among publishers that domestic issues sell better than foreign issues.
Other appointments led to Mr. Langbo's being named president of Kellogg International in 1986.
Asked at the news conference about progress toward a permanent end to the fighting, 10 days after Iraqi and allied commanders met in the desert to set conditions for turning the current suspension of fighting into a more formal cease-fire, Mr. Bush said that "there are some details to be worked out."
Mrs. Escobar is proud of the fact that La Pequena Colombia uses no canned food, and that everything is natural.
Those rates are at least two times Teterboro's.
MARK COLLINS, cornerback, on the touchdown pass that Michael Irvin of the Cowboys caught against him in that game: "You try to make a play and sometimes you get beat.
Near the entrance to the Hyatt Regency Hotel on East Wacker Drive, assistant professors in black leather pegged pants wade through icy slush.
The general subject is "Star Trek" movies, and the specific subject is "Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country."
But many economists discounted the slight rise, since it stemmed principally from a 53 percent surge in orders for military equipment.
"The theater district was crying out for a new restaurant center," Mr. Aschkenasy said, "and what could be more appropriate than an old theater?
It was St. Luke's United Methodist Church.
"They should ask their physicians if they don't know," Mr. Gundaker said.
The office, part of the Labor Department's Inspector General division, normally conducts inquiries into infiltration of unions by organized crime.
The museum is open Tuesdays through Fridays, 11 A.M. to 4 P.M., and on Sundays, 10 A.M. to 3 P.M.
How Americans Differ But American and allied forces have important strengths that the Iranians lacked: punishing air power, skilled combat engineers, and the ability to conduct major flanking actions in relatively undefended Iraqi territory, moving past front-line defenses.
In addition to that, Mr. Icahn got control of 90 percent of the airline's stock.
The remaining 108,499 shares will go to preferred holders.
Indeed, growing up in a non-car family in my native London, the first vehicle that I owned was a 1956 Austin London Metropolitan FX3 taxicab, then 10 years old.
"Right now, we want to go with something more relevant," said David Green, senior vice president of marketing for McDonald's.
After trading sharply higher much of the day, stocks fell steeply yesterday only minutes after Secretary of State James A. Baker 3d grimly went before television cameras in Geneva to report on his talks with Tariq Aziz, Iraq's Foreign Minister.
Visible to all are exhumed cells in Gestapo headquarters, the plaques noting where books were burned and where Jews were gathered for their final train trip to extermination camps.
The five are the Greater Providence Deposit Corporation of Providence, with $212 million in deposits; Union Deposit Loan and Investment Bank of North Providence, with $96 million in deposits; Blackstone Valley Loan and Investment Bank of Lincoln, with $26 million in deposits; Pierbank Inc. of Narragansett, with $20 million in deposits, and the Savers Bank and Trust Company of East Providence, with $11 million in deposits.
A spokeswoman for the agency, Susan Cruzan, would neither confirm nor deny the finding.
There is speculation that Larry Johnson, this year's No.
The audience erupted in excitement, and fans on the second and third tiers leaned perilously over the railing.
Sunday brunch: noon to 3 P.M. Reservations: Suggested.
The station was to serve as a launching pad for trips to the moon and Mars .
They are also caring for an American and his family, as well as another family of Iraqis who live in Anaheim, Calif., as permanent residents.
It has not given any particular results at all.
The long argument over "widening" (admitting more members) versus "deepening" (building stronger institutions) has been superceded.
The recession in the United States will be short and mild, with rising exports to Latin America helping to blunt its effects, Commerce Secretary Robert A. Mosbacher said today.
"I was just sitting there with a lot of horse and just wasn't prepared for somebody to run by me."
Foreign investment will only come with stable and predictable government and a cheaper peso, he said.
Yet it was recognized immediately in 1941 as a weird masterpiece and it has since become the supreme literary monument of one of the most brilliant writers of the 20th century.
The rehearsal dinner was held Friday at an Italian restaurant where guests had to use a secret password.
"Bandoneon" abounds with variations on Miss Bausch's favorite themes.
"I suspect that 1991 will be a negative appreciation year over all," he said.
"It was a huge fireball," said Captain Tate, who had never used one of the radar-guided missiles at night, even in practice, and had been concerned about the weapon's effectiveness in the dark.
And then give us Brahms, the Beatles and M. C. Hammer.
"He's nothing like the corporate executives they've had there," Pitino said.
As a result staff members then demanded his ouster and he was dismissed by Mr. Polakoff.
Saying there are safer and cheaper disposal methods, the critics say the Army's own studies have reported problems with experimental incinerators.
It sailed 40 yards through the uprights.
For artists, emigrating from Japan has been driven less by romance than by necessity.
Others fear that a new emphasis on diversity will stir up racial hatred, distort history, and undermine children's understanding of the values that hold Americans together.
For President: hate and fear.
Industry sources calculate that the value of Waldenbooks, which had sales last year of just over $1 billion, is $500 million to $600 million.
Outside his office, a groom comes up to the chaplain and speaks to him in hushed tones.
"They were all sitting there in front of him."
Several weepy speeches about friendship, loyalty and honor set the stage for their late-blooming bond to be tested.
"That's what the practicing physician looks to."
I guess the rest is history."
"Well," Norwood said tonight, "like Matt said after that one, you're only as good as your next kick.
The case has mesmerized this bedroom community in southern New Hampshire.
Mr. Wilson's friends arrived in high spirits, tossing beach balls on the airport tarmac and chanting, "Hail, hail, Pete and Gayle."
Based on Crockett Johnson's picture book classic, it's "Harold and the Purple Crayon," with music and lyrics by Jon Ehrlich (who starred on Broadway as Huckleberry Finn in "Big River") and Robin Pegrebin (who used to be a reporter for The Hartford Courant).
He transferred to Whitman College, in Walla Walla, Wash., where he majored in economics, edited the school newspaper and graduated in 1977.
For the last three years the school has participated in the Brooklyn Museum's Adopt-a-School program under which several lecturers visit the school and all classes visit the museum.
Tina Barnes, a 63-year-old data-entry clerk, decided to retire when she learned she was being transferred from Riverhead to Hauppauge.
As in any enterprise that depends to some degree on intuition, there is always a wild card, and most elusive in rare book collecting is the concept of rarity itself.
The organization, known as Change-NY, recently began a direct-mail campaign criticizing Governor Cuomo for proposing more than $1 billion in tax and fee increases this year.
On Sundays, it's time to collect money for the food.
Moments in Act I when the voice sagged with wear were mostly redeemed by Mr. Kraus's elegant diction and dramatic intelligence.
"Lawrence, Kan., is a beautiful, beautiful college town," she said.
"If Howard plays third base tomorrow, what's the big deal?"
With the United States leading, 88-82, Lazaro Barrell hit a jumper, and after the United States failed to convert on its next possession, Gibert slammed in a rebound to cut the lead with 1 minute 41 seconds to play.
headquarters in McLean, Va. What undid the Communist Party and Lenin's revolution was massive questioning of inherited ideas and the growing ascendancy of new and predominantly Western values.
A study of 2,291 adult working women from Cleveland, published this year, and an earlier study of 3,187 women at 32 colleges, found that 15 percent of the college women and 20 percent of the working women said they had been raped.
A 4,400-mile cable will stretch from Greenhill, R.I., through the North Sea oilfields of Scotland to the coastal towns of Norden, Germany, and Alkmaar, the Netherlands.
The Cuban Government maintained its official silence today on the reinstatement of President Mikhail S. Gorbachev but continued to publish news agency reports.
Advertising agency executives estimated last week that CBS might lose $50 million to $65 million on the Albertville games.
Brunell might be calm and collected, but Hobert, despite his humor, is a gathering mass of nerves.
Helicopters, unable to land, were dropping relief supplies to the islands and rough seas were preventing boats from ferrying supplies, they said.
It was an "extremely dangerous" situation, said Batista, noting that the obstruction could have flipped the boat.
No wonder some analysts worry about saturation.
Using a decisive 10-1 run midway through the fourth quarter, the Celtics defeated New York, 103-92, at Boston Garden, giving Boston (12-6) sole possession of first place in the Atlantic Division, something the Knicks (10-6) were also looking for.
Elsewhere, school officials have devised sometimes desperate ways to raise money.
What you see on the Pagemaker display is what you get when it comes out of a laser or inkjet printer.
Chavez was recently ordered to pay a Los Angeles promoter, Rogelio Robles, more than $800,000 for bolting a contract Robles had for him to fight Roger Mayweather, and fighting Mayweather for King instead.
Ultimately, it said, state prosecutions made Federal charges unnecessary.
AN agency known for its creativity will use photographs to sell advertisers on a magazine that almost never publishes them.
-- Alejandro M., an illegal alien from Mexico living in New York.
She said she would travel the country demanding the right to bring to Manila the embalmed body of her husband, which lies unburied in Honolulu.
Well, you can wonder what sort of Boy Scout troop David Lynch belonged to in Missoula.
While officials in Washington acknowledge discussions on the matter between the State Department, the Immigration and Naturalization Service and the Coast Guard, they declined to provide any details of possible responses to further steep rises in the numbers of Cuban boat refugees.
But the new steam press used a closed collar around the coin; the enormous pressure would flatten any previous lettering.
is not accustomed to having its television partners feel the need to poor-mouth, whatever the reason.
The Syracuse football coach, Dick MacPherson, is reportedly being considered for the head coaching job of the New England Patriots.
To close an eye now would allow him the deadly latitude to consolidate his power and amass a nuclear arsenal.
Originally scheduled for early this year, the congress, Cuba's fourth since the formal adoption of a socialist, one-party system in 1972, has already been repeatedly delayed as serious shortages of most foods and consumer goods have worsened and events abroad have propelled Cuba further into isolation.
"The Pesh Merga want to show their authority," he said.
Mr. Berluti said the decisions to eliminate the hand-held radar units and to disband the radar squads were not related.
It is doubtful, however, whether the Government has the power to bring about such a move.
Named Lou Tepper interim football coach and Robert Todd interim athletic director.
Two days before a big game, and the Giants are loose.
A fresh crack at getting it right.
Mr. Stangl said he had strengthened the rule about who may operate a Metro-North train.
Consider what happens when a chain like Toys "R" Us expands overseas.
In addition, settlers are given additional Government subsidies that are not available to other Israelis, no matter where in Israel they may live.
These include "Hope," as in the New York case of Hope v. Perales, and "Liberty," as in Jane Liberty v. Bangerter, a challenge to the Utah abortion statute.
He said his first term in the Senate has been highlighted by several major international events, like the fall of communism and the Persian Gulf war, and the opportunity to write several laws on environmental and consumer protection.
Water had seeped between the marble and the brick foundation, causing the stone to bulge and shift.
Both plays are about societies made crazy by power and persecution.
The central authority of the Soviet union, or what remains of it, has not yet been clearly defined.
An Unproductive Rut The Boston Red Sox would not be in the American League East race if Jeff Reardon had not saved 40 of their 81 victories.
Imposing pines, mixed with Japanese maples and delicate cherry trees add a touch of Japanese flavor.
Mr. Klein, 24, graduated from Amherst College, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, and is a third-year law student at Harvard University.
The city's Jewish population, about 185,000 in its prewar heyday and about 8,500 today, is being swelled by immigrants fleeing to Berlin from the Soviet Union.
And column-free is an advantage."
But most of the details of how it will govern itself, manage its economy and relate to that world remain to be filled in, and the process may speed up this week.
Public subsidies cover 78 percent of its operating expenses; the figure is only about 50 percent for the English National.
He is a graduate of Hobart College.
Mr. Zakian, among others, says he believes that Mr. Spallone's re-election is far from certain.
Reading to a Class Before appearing at the high school, Mr. Bush and his wife, Barbara, visited a kindergarten class at Farwell Elementary School in this depressed industrial town.
"He was running me the whole third period and I figured he wanted to fight," Mallette said.
The Federated Debacle Losing the Battle Was the Good News Things were still looking good in the next fiscal year, even though business fell off after the 1987 stock market crash.
They raise revenue from corporate sponsorships, donations, ticket sales, fund-raising activities and government grants.
It needs only two things -- for Presidents of either party to choose men or women distinguished in the law or in political life, rather than purely for ideological reasons; and for the Senate to exercise its constitutional duty with restraint and responsibility.
'Screaming From Hell' "It was unbelievable," he said as he sat in a temporary Red Cross shelter set up in the cafeteria of Camden High School.
"I want a resolution; I'm anxious for it," he said before departing for Kuwait.
But the company, which returned to the laboratory for more research on the product, obtained another in a series of patents covering its basic approach.
You could switch two teams.
Judge Ryskamp had his defenders on the committee, however.
Mrs. Curreri said that her 15-year-old son, Joseph, had tried to wash the blood from the street in front of their house -- apparently at the spot where Christopher Collins died.
It was with an aching heart that I read Jan DeBlieu's article about the United States Fish and Wildlife Service's plans for its captive California condors ("Remodeling the Condor," Nov. 17).
In the test, conducted by the National Transportation Safety Board, a subway train of the same length and weight as the one that crashed was driven three times at top speed past a device that activated the train's emergency brakes.
There were times the master's might have been valuable, indeed.
Many credit card interest rates are now between 18 and 20 percent.
As I discussed these conversations, my recollection of them became clearer.
Answer: I am in charge: George Herbert Walker Bush, President of the United States.
"They can't change all that in one year -- it's Draconian," he added.
Albert Einstein, whose birthday is today, and George Bernard Shaw greatly admired each other.
A second display in the tower, not usually used by that controller, made a loud grinding noise when investigators turned it on to see if it was working.
The strategic advantages of Loches's position were obvious.
In the Good Old Days It has become the nature of the beast unlike the days before Super Bowls and billion-dollar television contracts, when players had off-season jobs and coaches could focus on a season of 12 or 14 games, after which the two best teams played for something as mundane-sounding as the N.F.L.
We've got to make those plays.
He also engaged in trades with Mr. Solomon that allowed the money manager to illegally claim false losses on his income-tax returns.
The United States opened its market but the British scarcely opened theirs, he added.
Mr. Keeney is now an official at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
In addition, they saw that the Saudis were making overtures to Israel without the permission of Damascus.
It is Fuoriserie Imports of Long Island City, Queens.
For example, the round-trip fare from New York to San Francisco, which was $504 on weekdays on a ticket bought at least 14 days before traveling, will fall to $318 for travel during the spring and to $398 for travel during the summer, as long as the ticket is bought by April 8.
The building products company took a $38.8 million charge against earnings in the quarter.
A government elected only last year cannot be blamed for the cumulative effect of several years' policies.
The Kansas City Royals are taking a similar approach with Mark Gubicza, who has been instrumental in some of their past successes.
He also had two long streaks snapped, a 20-game winning streak in April and his string of 166 consecutive starts over four seasons.
But tensions can also be foreseen between generals and journalists, at least those who will not settle for stories about Iraqis surrendering.
Music Marathon, which ended yesterday, squelched them.
Serbian leaders argue that no independence referendum will be valid unless a majority of the republic's Serbs cast ballots favoring it.
It will produce lots of jobs.
"Our offense dug in and our defense kept it close."
The Federal grant has financed new shelves and specimen cabinets in the converted paleontology building.
Essex, Conn. 180,000 52 South Main Street 4-bedroom, 2-bath, 150-year-old Federal colonial; 2-car space in barn, wraparound porch, gardens, 1 acre; taxes $1,751.
DiMaggio played in 139 games that season.
There are hundreds of thousands of people -- most of whom never made anything close to $600,000 a year -- whose retirement income depends on Executive Life living up to its obligations.
While she nurtures the seedlings she calls "my babies" in the greenhouse of their home, he finds the equipment that makes their pasttime easier.
The challenge for the festival as a whole would have been to avoid cliched music appreciation and scholastic analysis and find ways of displacing Mozart from the haze of concert familiarity.
This is a small town -- everybody knows what's going on.
Married the next month to the 5,000-meter champion, Yokes Ondieki of Kenya, she gave birth to a daughter last October, and believes that motherhood and the long layoff from racing has given her a competitive edge.
Mark Taylor and Friends is the third group in Altogether Different, the modern-dance series continuing through Jan. 27 at the Joyce Theater (175 Eighth Avenue, at 19th Street).
Even among the urban middle class, people are toasting the Soviet changes as a victory for values in which they believe, rather than because of any strong hope that they will derive any benefit soon.
Federal sentences no longer provide for parole, but defendants can be released for good behavior after serving about 85 percent of their prison terms.
This arrangement will enable a nonprofit organization buying the property from G.E.
Mr. Sutherland, who seemed relaxed in slacks and a brown cardigan sweater, told the crowd, "I can hardly tell you my feelings of joy."
The new developer will be paid in stages, reducing the amount it will need to borrow to finance the project.
Patent Obtained on Molecule Until this week, however, Genetics Institute had the upper hand on patents for EPO.
The choreographer, who will be 72 years old next month, is the charismatic figure who ties "Fabrications" together.
"Because in New Jersey we worked too hard last year to make this state a good place to live."
They will emerge from this.
But ideas, like the one for this book, have made this a good year for Mr. Adelman.
Another model, slightly more compact, is No.
"Our steady growth in operating earnings this past year demonstrates the importance of our company's international scope and integration of upstream and downstream operations," said James W. Kinnear, Texaco's president and chief executive officer.
A few newer places at various price levels, including Aureole, Trattoria dell'Arte and Zarela, have been around long enough for the novelty to have worn off, but are still packed with diners night after night.
Christie's is at 502 Park Avenue, at 59th Street.
But Israelis of the political left complained that if the Government had compelling evidence that Mr. Nusseibeh was a spy, then he should be put on trial, convicted and formally sentenced to an appropriate jail term.
It also announced higher earnings for the quarter and year.
Privacy vs. Information The debate set off by The Times, and to a lesser extent by NBC's decision the previous night, is an old one that pits respect for privacy -- and the privacy of rape victims in particular -- against the journalistic goal of finding and publishing information about cases of great political or civic interest.
To inject a legal power to cause death into this relationship would alter the role of medicine drastically and ominously, they say.
Mr. Gore careered from message to message, theme to theme, from Southern populism to Gary Hart-style "new generation" politics.
She watched stoically as the charge d'affaires, Joseph C. Wilson 4th, an African specialist with no previous experience in the Middle East, conducted the day-to-day diplomacy in Baghdad until the American Embassy was closed on the eve of the allied attack against Iraq.
Proponents of allowing foreign control say that two conditions should be attached: the buyer should not be state-owned, and the foreign airline's home market should be as open to American airlines as the American air travel market is to them.
They see the number of small parties as an inherent weakness in the system because they contribute to the need for complicated coalition governments.
"During the height of the war, with the fabric shortages and all, I lent it to so many friends getting married that it finally got lost."
"I couldn't do anything right," Walker said.
But they do more than a satisfactory job of building.
The state officials and environmentalists said in the letter that they would argue that by 1991 the companies should have forseen the tax and that building the plants was "imprudent."
Some Official U.S. Views Today, the White House spokesman, Marlin Fitzwater, suggested that a new assessment would have to be made of the danger in northern Iraq.
Then he discovered the effectiveness of introducing formality into nature.
The officials and Kaunas residents who arrived here today said that troops had taken control of one television studio in that city, but not the main transmitters.
"Gross margins increased due to the favorable sales mix of publications and higher licensing revenues," Incredible Hulk explains to Spider-Man at one point.
Should this force be interrupted by the motorman's falling asleep, suffering a heart attack or becoming a holdup victim, the dead-man control is activated -- regardless of the setting of the throttle -- and power is immediately cut while, I believe, the brakes are also applied.
There is something about the witching hour that appeals to JOHN TRAVOLTA.
They add a delicious note of spice.
According to some accounts, contact with the balls is lethal, while others have maintained that lightning balls are harmless.
Their first priority, they said, will be to make sure that the Soviets get through the winter without serious food shortages and an agricultural team is already drawing up plans for that.
About half of Anheuser-Busch's advertising money is spent on baseball, football and other sports broadcasts, and the other half on "male oriented" shows like "Late Night With David Letterman," "Cheers," and the network broadcast of the film "Rocky."
In handcuffs and foot shackles, he is escorted by guards armed with wooden batons to a tiny caged area where he can walk for one hour.
Last season, the Blues had the second-best record in the N.H.L., defying the conventional wisdom that bad things happen to teams that build themselves around a single scorer.
They tell her, flat out, that the real world has lines and distinctions and that her daydreams of glory and business power are foolish.
Analysts look to the consumer sector to lead the economy out of the recession.
Operations at the plant have been suspended while the company decides when to restart.
"All 10 of them are gone, all dead."
Rabbi Moses Rosenthal, the spiritual leader of congregations on the East and West Coasts, died on June 17 in the Goldman Nursing Home in Niles, Ill.
But because electric cars have a driving range between lengthy rechargings of only about one-third that of gasoline-powered cars, the auto industry has a tough selling job ahead.
The end becomes almost bathetic, as the lifelong lovers are reunited before her death (at 44, a probable suicide).
"Silver on the table is better than money in the bank," says Miss Manners, but few young families trying to make a downpayment on a house agree.
The change to giving financial aid to all who need it, or a need-blind policy, comes at a time when other selective liberal arts colleges are operating under tight budgets and a few have abandoned this kind of program because of increased costs.
Worms That Bore Into Shells "Peter is the real reason the scallops came back," Mr. Smith said.
Sears P.L.C., Britain's largest shoe retailer and a big mail-order company, has announced that Michael Pickard, chief executive, will retire in March.
And it may or may not say something about his intimacy with the arts that he invariably refers not to reviews but to "critiques," a word rarely if ever uttered, at least as a noun, by an artist or critic.
She is a marketing program manager at the Polaroid Corporation in Cambridge, Mass.
Whether that taboo, as Mr. Baker put it, is indeed a thing of the past depends on whether follow-up direct negotiations between Israel and each of the Arab delegations -- Syrian, Jordanian-Palestinian, and Lebanese -- are held as planned.
And Westerners are no longer so defensive about their horses.
The Mayor fought hard to put this together and he feels its very important to stick with it.
It is bewildering to me that the owners and managers of the hockey clubs can't see the problem.
After the success of "Drugstore Cowboy," which was named the best picture of 1989 by the National Society of Film Critics, Hollywood opened its doors to Mr. Van Sant, with offers to let him direct a variety of big-budget projects.
Apparently, the community relations department of the Dallas-based department store chain couldn't think of a reason -- at least, not for the post-play discussion.
Jim Bunning, who has found it easier to get into Congress than into baseball's Hall of Fame, will learn tonight if his 14-year losing streak has ended.
Total American consumption is estimated in the industry to be about 40 tons a year, as it has been for the last decade.
The Hoyas won the championship in 1984 and returned virtually the same team in 1985.
And they are Hobson's-type choices of the damned-if-you-do, damned-if-you-don't variety.
Neither contributed to Mr. Cuomo's campaign.
Domestic profits of nonfinancial corporations eased $3.3 billion in the first quarter after dropping $19.7 billion in the fourth, the report also showed.
And even though most Israelis are still so afraid of possible violence that they never set foot in the territories, the committed settlers among them have not been deterred.
A few minutes later, the Volga swings into an unmarked exit on the right.
In Tokyo his airline is more a fixture of executive life than the Trump and Pan Am shuttles in New York.
Government buildings from the Foreign Ministry to post offices quickly moved to correct the dusty pictures of eagles that hang above doorways, even if the crowns are only taped-on foil.
The retrospective of this veteran avant-garde artist's work at the American Museum of the Moving Image in Astoria, Queens, is an alternately entertaining and challenging show, and one that often seems to convey the very essence of artistic experimentation.
The computerized equipment that cellular telephone service companies use to control their radio base stations typically has the capacity to monitor or record automatically the phone calls made by a given customer, no matter how long the calls, Dr. Lusignan said.
If civilians want to remain where they are and do not impede a military advance, they can stay, he said.
Big business's displeasure was made clear in a front-page attack on the politicians by the financial daily Il Sole-24 Ore, which is owned by Italy's main industrial group, Confindustria.
Politics seems to him to be always the same, but local disasters are unfailingly interesting -- "a flood in Lublin, a strike of railroad workers in Russia, a fire in Warsaw fatal to many victims."
Surgery for pitchers is invariably a risky enterprise, and baseball history is full of examples of pitchers whose careers were ended or radically reshaped by trips to the operating room.
"This is a tough one, because until he is proven innocent, if that ever happens, he is a killer.
"That is the strategy we are following.
"The role of an opposition party is to offer alternatives," said Mr. Angelides, who argued that the Bush Administration had real vulnerabilities.
But as the book makes clear, he spent much of his time at Walden studying the pond and its environment.
To the millions who watched it, the televised confrontation between Judge Thomas and Professor Anita F. Hill was engrossing, embarrassing, excruciating.
Koch bluntly told a group of black community leaders that he owed them nothing because they had not supported him at the polls.
SOFTBALL U.S. men's fast pitch - Guanella Brothers, Rohnert Park, Calif. U.S. women's fast pitch - Raybeston Brak Ettes, Stratford, Conn. U.S. men's super-slow pitch - Worth, Centerville, Ga. U.S. men's major-slow pitch - Riverside, Louisville, Ky. U.S. women's major-slow pitch - Cannan's Illusion, San Antonio, Tex.
The dollar ended at 1.5400 Swiss francs, compared with 1.5555 Wednesday.
ab 26 gh Kh8 27 Ne5 Be5 28 Qe5 Kh7 29 Qh5 Kg8 30 Qg6 Kh8 31 Bf4 Nc6 32 Re5!
During the Houston trial, Pat Caruso, a former employee of Winfield's foundation, testified for Renfro and at one point told of a conversation about Renfro that Winfield had with an interior decorator from Fort Lee, N.J. Caruso testified that she heard Winfield tell Rhoda Ring, the interior decorator, that Renfro would be living in Winfield's house in Teaneck, N.J., and Ring should ask her about what was needed to be finished at the house.
*That there is a need for broader public involvement in identifying health risks and setting priorities for dealing with the risks.
At the social club's recent cultural night, Maria Portuese joined Mr. Ancona in an earthy duel that had the two of them arguing over a dog that had soiled Mr. Ancona's front yard.
Everything is new (including the air-conditioning and pool).
A bright moon over the town lighted a scene of devastation, where allied troops were moving cautiously because of the danger of booby traps.
A news conference that had been called by the opposition was disrupted.
"We're talking about an early end to the war and an early end to the recession," Lawrence Kudlow, the chief economist of Bear Stearns & Company, predicted yesterday.
The General Accounting Office is investigating the new Sematech allegations as part of a report on the semiconductor industry complaints it expects to complete by August.
Smith Corona has won several dumping decisions against Brother and other Japanese rivals, most recently on Thursday, when the International Trade Commission ordered steep duties on Japanese-made word processors, including Brother's.
The second is in early spring when bikinis go on sale and you know that buying one is out of the question, since you can't possibly afford the liposuction.
The soprano Catherine Malfitano offers a moving Cleopatra, although her striking resemblance to Martha Graham keeps suggesting a dance that never materializes.
Each generation of workers, they write, is on its own "income track."
A full report of the survey is to be published in the Sept. 1 issue of the Journal of Clinical Oncology, the society's official journal.
Mr. Freeman is a master of bent, tortured and leering notes.
It would seem that conditions are much better than when Brian Keenan was released."
He was 70 years old and lived in Los Angeles.
Veribanc Inc., a bank rating concern in Wakefield, Mass., estimated that the bailout costs of the 29 troubled banks across the country would total $11.6 billion.
Last week, The New York Times reported that Councilman Robert J. Dryfoos of Manhattan had failed to file income-tax returns and had used publicly raised funds to pay some personal expenses, and that Councilman Noach Dear of Brooklyn had used campaign funds and money from a foundation he runs to travel abroad and make car payments.
The service is available to any staffer who can spare the time and cash -- about $20 -- although executives have top priority.
There is one important area of agreement between analysts like Mr. Harrison and the Bush Administration, and that is over the need for a continued American military presence in South Korea, which faces an isolated and unpredictable enemy to the north.
Mr. Bielecki's Liberal Party, with its strong support for current economic policies, is projected to finish in seventh place with 7.8 percent of the votes.
If future computers from both companies used the same operating system, they would be compatible.
The Battery Watch utility program was a boon to many laptop users because it monitored battery life and displayed either a "fuel gauge" or clock that estimated the remaining time left on a battery charge.
The victim, Brian Watkins, 22 years old, was stabbed to death on the platform of the IND Seventh Avenue subway station at 53d Street when he tried to defend his mother against robbers, the police say.
The company eventually backed off.
19 and 20 (with the Columbia Symphony Orchestra; George Szell, conductor; Sony/CBS) Mozart: Piano Concertos Nos.
Speaking to reporters after a two-hour meeting, Secretary of State James A. Baker 3d and the Soviet Foreign Minister, Aleksandr A. Bessmertnykh, said that they had largely resolved one of the three major issues holding up the strategic arms reduction treaty, known as Start.
Gen. Augusto Pinochet's dictatorship left a legacy of human rights abuses, social inequality and private enrichment.
Today's pleas marked the 41st and 42d convictions or guilty pleas arising from the Justice Department's investigation of procurement fraud, known as Operation Ill Wind.
If not, the infrared sensor will see it's a sham."
"He'll get more opportunities to work his way out of this at Columbus than in our bullpen," Michael said.
In 1986, that program was eliminated.
But in recent years, officials said, far more students have chosen to fulfill that requirement by volunteering outside the school.
would "aggregate" -- a real estate term meaning to segregate economically -- the low-income tenants into 11 of the 26 complexes and rent the rest at market rates.
While repairs are under way, New Jersey commuters trying to reach Staten Island can take the Goethals Bridge from Routes 1 and 9, or the Outerbridge Crossing from exit 10 on the New Jersey Turnpike.
Ninety feet high and of an equal spread from branch to branch.
But the windows are also an elixir.
A spokesman of the National Science Foundation, which chartered the Erebus to carry supplies, scientists and support personnel to and from Palmer Station, Antarctica, said Mr. Eichenberger was washed overboard in a storm.
The Lundberg Survey canvasses 13,000 stations nationwide.
For students of transportation engineering, the lessons the system offers have to do with things like "off-line capability."
If the Chief Judge wishes to withdraw his suit and clear away the constitutional cloud he created, I will consider taking a similar action with the suit I brought in response."
Some ordinary Kuwaitis reacted to the announcement with little enthusiasm.
But this was one time where I had to decide what was right.
After the coup, the union elected "progressive" leaders who view their conservative colleagues as chauvanistic reactionaries.
A recently created "New York State Blueway Coalition," led by business and government leaders as well as the television commentator Walter Cronkite, has begun lobbying for support of the amendment in downstate areas.
Geoff Courtnall scored two goals tonight to lead the Vancouver Canucks to a 4-3 victory over the Devils, ending New Jersey's three-game winning streak.
The treatment of asthma has also changed dramatically, with new medications rapidly replacing the ones in use only a decade ago, Dr. Dozor said.
GOLF Weibring Holds Canadian Open Lead D. A. Weibring had 69 strokes yesterday in the third round of the Canadian Open in Oakville, Ontario, and one of them was perfect.
More than any other team sport, it reaps a formidable marketing score from what is, in effect, its minor leagues.
South was sure that East held an outside high card for his vulnerable bid of two diamonds.
Made up of 37 tracks, Volume 2, the second of a projected four, is where the fun starts.
That policy may work in a casual storefront, but diners who plan a special evening out do not appreciate beginning the night with an hour's wait in a smoky bar.
He sighed and curled into fetal position .
The third one produced an explosion in the catcher's glove but no pop in Gooden's right shoulder.
Both software sales and support services, however, increased substantially in the quarter.
Mr. Shaheen said the Government, whose members spent the occupation in Saudi Arabia, is intent on diminishing that stature.
"I don't happen to agree with that," Ms. Berris said, "but that's artistic license for you."
Dr. Lee said he was bothered by the intensity of Mr. Bush's work schedule and was working with the White House staff "to give the man a break."
Prokofiev took much of the text directly from Dostoyevsky and then set it as heightened speech.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, in the same period, welcomed only 4.5 million visitors.
Home on leave from the Army in December 1943, he had followed the suggestion of his wife, Emily, that "then and there I sit down and dictate until I could think of nothing more to say about my war experiences."
The firefighters had the blaze under control in an hour, but by then the interior of the building was severely damaged.
"We want to do the best for the town.
In that respect, it was surely inspired casting to put Hinton Battle in the role of John, Chris's Vietnam buddy, who, years later, heads a campaign to rescue the bui-doi, those hapless "half-breeds" sired by American servicemen and abandoned to a society that treats them as "the dust of life."
The adding of preferred shares to closed-end municipal funds did not start until 1988, when $614 million in such shares were sold.
In a recent interview in his office, Dr. Baltimore refused to discuss the matter in detail, or to offer any direct apology.
At 11 o'clock last night, Hana called.
He became ill during a six-game, 12-day road trip in August, yet continued sketching out strategy even as he fought for his life.
He died of heart failure, a family spokesman said.
The plight of millions of poor Arabs helps explain why so many cheered Saddam Hussein for sacking rich little Kuwait.
"I'm confident that we'll put it together."
For nearly 100 years, until 1958, the Putnam Division of the New York Central Railroad operated a passenger service that ran the length of the county.
The official also could not confirm that five private individuals had been subpoenaed, as was reported.
and destroying computer tapes and computerized audit reports subpoenaed by the oversight subcommittee of the House Energy and Commerce Committee and a Federal grand jury in Baltimore.
They believe, for instance, that slavery is inherently wrong because it violates human nature and not just because it violates the law.Likewise they believe that slavery would be wrong regardless of whether it was deleterious or useful to the majority of citizens.
"I've heard a lot of teams made good offers," Burke said.
"We've been talking about trying to acquire McDaniel for almost four months, and a lot of names were bounced back and forth.
For a $5 annual fee, they get 10 percent off any purchase and a $5 coupon for every $100 spent in a Waldenbooks store.
But what to do now?
However, Carlos Hurtado, the Minister of Government, who is responsible for internal security, said today that despite the tough language from labor, he expected the level of agitation and takeovers to fall off as a result of agreements reached late Tuesday between the Government and the directorate of the Sandinista Front.
No one was bused in.
COMMON STOCK * Florida Progress Corp., St. Petersburg, Fla., has filed for an offering of 2.7 million common shares through Merrill Lynch & Co. * Healthsource Inc., Concord, N.H., has filed for 1.75 million common shares through Robertson Stephens & Co.
Her father, who is retired, was a foreign exchange officer at the European-American Bank in New York.
British, French, Dutch and American troops today established a forward logistics base in Sirsenk, a village near the site of the second refugee camp at Amadiya.
Yes, national standards are in everyone's interest.
While Beijing has failed other promises, it has built a system that has saved millions and is regarded as a model for the third world.
He used the cash generated by selling high-priced memberships to finance his ventures overseas.
Looking ahead, Mr. Yates said he and his wife, the producer Virginia Pope, were working with Peter Mayle, the author of "A Year in Provence" and the new "Toujours Provence," on a screenplay based on Mr. Mayle's novel in progress, "Hotel Pastis."
The area has a long history of settlement by people who made an art of cooking meat over smoky fires: Comanche and other Indian nations, Mexicans and later German and Czech immigrants.
Mr. Kelly said fire marshals and the police were continuing their investigation of the shooting.
Transit bus and rail service on Saturday schedule.
March 16, 1986, which is an important point.
He was a 28-year-old Penn State assistant coach spending five days at Georgia Tech's spring practice in 1955, trying to learn from the legendary Coach Bobby Dodd.
Only he can make that decision.
'Something Needed to Be Done' Asked to explain why they shifted, the switchers also indicated that their patience, like Mr. Bush's, had been exhausted.
Song of the Exile Directed by Ann Hui; screenplay (in Cantonese with English subtitles) by Wu Nien-Jen; cinematographer, Chung Chi-Man; edited by Yih-Shun Huang; music by Yang Chen; produced by Deng-Fei Lin and Nai-Chung Chou; released by the Kino International Corporation.
It certainly was unusual, said Carolee Sunderland, the Republican Commissioner of Elections for Westchester County.
In a written statement sent to news organizations late yesterday, the company said, "Recent news articles suggest highly confidential and proprietary company business information has been disclosed to people outside the company."
Digging out the bottom of the well to a depth of at least 12 inches and filling it with gravel will help if the soil drains well.
" The ambulance company said it would cost $300, in cash.
Among the others in Governor Cuomo's row were Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, Mayor David N. Dinkins, former Gov.
They got priority for a Tier II placement because they have a baby.
William Kyle, coordinator of secondary physical education for the Montgomery County Public School System in Maryland, adds: "Whether it's weight training or a team sport, it's important that the kids are doing something physical."
Her mother, Susan Levine, is a psychotherapist for the board of education in Milltown, N.J. Mr. Silver, 26, graduated from Penn and has an M.B.A. from Columbia University.
Recording industry executives often defend their pricing of CD's by pointing to the rising cost involved in bringing out a new album.
(AP) GYMNASTICS South African Athlete Breaks the Ice Alan Daly, a 21-year-old college student, marked South Africa's return to international competition yesterday at the world gymnastics championships in Indianapolis.
"He's tapped out and he's seeing no income gain.
But health officials and harbor experts say many types of fish are safe to eat if properly cleaned, prepared and consumed according to local health advisories.
This category was helped by a $400 million contract for a utility plant in New Jersey, Dodge said.
"Just as there is American optimism, which is the motor of American life, so Hungarians have a tendency to be pessimistic," Mr. Antall said.
Her father is a senior vice president of the New York Life Insurance Company in New York.
Transactions by United States investors totaled $252.5 billion, up 8.5 percent from 1989's $232.7 billion.
After a meeting this morning to tie up the details, the Soviet Foreign Minister, Boris D. Pankin, and Secretary of State James A. Baker 3d read a joint statement declaring their intention to cease all weapons deliveries -- and to encourage all other countries to cease theirs -- by Jan. 1, 1992.
Second, don't overcook your meatloaf.
The ending is not to be believed.
The judge who hears the case must render a decision within 15 days.
officials said outside the courtroom.
Colonel del Cid said that he obeyed the order, and that the investigation went nowhere.
The players obviously revel in being able to let off steam.
Dr. Baker declined to speculate about why Mr. Petrides and other board members might want to hire Ms. Tucker, but she said, "I dont want to think that this is a vicious, petty power struggle."
Much of the business has been lost over the last two weeks, Mr. Rosenfeld suggested.
That compared with a 13.6 percent increase in 1989 and was the smallest increase since 1987, but still a healthy one.
"Its stability over the years may be a testament to the kind of staying power of its core personality," said Tom Lom, president of the William Douglas McAdams advertising agency.
In two others, both titled "Head," deep-red faces are penetrated by sharp spikes of brighter red.
Like its American cousin, the British version of Esquire will have a literary bent, with articles from such novelists as Milan Kundera.
The company's basic backpack with seat, called Carry/Tarry, is $44.95 and comes in black, navy, red, camouflage, purple and yellow.
I don't mean that we all end up dead, that's not the great pity.
Admission is $4, $3 for children and the elderly.
The second show is a survey of quilting traditions.
Senator Arlen Specter, insisting he was not being "adversarial," recklessly accused Professor Hill of perjury for fencing with him on a peripheral issue.
The new sampler features contemporary artists like Branford and Wynton Marsalis, Harry Connick Jr. and Grover Washington Jr., but the leading edge of experimental jazz is nowhere to be found.
'5th Grade Was Almost Too Late' And some let their surroundings dictate their futures.
"This year there isn't the defending champion thing running on my back.
He also represents defensive back Eric Turner, the No.
The "bum" turns out to be Edward's older brother, Lawrence, whom Edward has seen only once in the last 15 years.
This is preceded by two cycles of standard VIP chemotherapy to eliminate as much disease as possible.
"I'm reaching out on my way to the next march," he said.
They compete to sell the information to retailers, banks, mortgage companies and other credit providers.
And from that one sentence, I thought: 'Wow!
Even before the hearings, there was evidence of discontent in the Office of Soviet Analysis, known as SOVA.
Smitten by Roxanne (Anne Brochet), Cyrano acts as a go-between for her and his none-too-articulate cohort, Christian (Vincent Perez).
Respondents were asked their religious persuasion.
Jack is called on to visit an uncle who insists on settling a feud Jack knows nothing about, and an aunt who speaks in commands ("Come!
Al Sharpton, one of his critics, Mr. Hynes then writes: "Certain irresponsible people sought to increase the anxiety and tension level by attacking the criminal justice system as well as my ability to investigate this matter in an impartial manner."
And yet, Thomas, only 25 years old and entering his fourth pro season, is the most puzzling Bill.
One executive turned to another.
One, the so-called Cultural Institutions Group, is a roster of 31 cultural institutions in the five boroughs in city-owned buildings or on city-owned land, including organizations like the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Bronx Museum.
But the new law creating Mr. Carlin's post, which was passed by the Legislature late Wednesday night and signed by Governor Weld today, does not give him power to raise taxes.
"In my more than 20 years watching this business, I have never seen such demands on these companies for money," said Joseph M. Belth, an insurance professor at Indiana University.
Sean, his date and five other couples had hired the luxury bus with its bathroom, television and seats that face each other, because, as Joe Calabrese said, "We want to share our fun, and we like being original."
Mr. Cranston has insisted for months that his only lapse was in political judgment.
Also, private owners of buildings used for polls are often reluctant landlords to the Board of Elections.
The Middle Atlantic council is not the first regulator to experiment with individual transferable quotas: Canada has privatized its Pacific harvest of both halibut and sable fish, a scarce species mostly exported to Japan.
Foot and Fiddle Dance Company McGinn/Cazale Theater The word has deservedly gone around about the Pat Cannon Foot and Fiddle Dance Company.
So, Timman tried to simplify with 22 .
The great majority, however, were brought by Hawaii's human inhabitants, for practical or decorative purposes.
They weaned her from the respirator.
But it moved more quickly than most other clubs.
The nation's 6,000 oral surgeons extract 2.25 million wisdom teeth each year, according to the American Society of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Services in Israel He was married in 1926 to Edith Specterman.
"My mother found a picture of herself when she was 3 years old," said Alberta Sylvia of the Hoopa tribe of northern California.
He was in Moscow in July during the signing of the arms-reduction treaty by President Bush and Mikhail S. Gorbachev.
He was semi-retired at his death.
"You might say, 'O.K., Charlie, is this a new page in your book?'
He has other reminders of the fire that killed 87 people: the light brown scars that wrap around his calves and the thick black ones that crawl over his ribs and thighs like scabs, the scars that paralyze his hands, the scars that run across his face and finally fall like a heavy tear at one end.
But he said: "It's always been a part of baseball and always will.
Taking their cue from the judge, who once referred to reporters as "barracudas," most of the members of the four-woman, two-man jury refused to talk to reporters tonight.
"I hate the eight-times table," she says.
He is a regional group manager for the Prudential Insurance Company in Boston.
"I want to see how young French people live," said Magdalena Janowska, a 22-year-old Polish medical student, waving away the fatigue of the 14-hour bus ride from Jelenia Gora.
An article about blimps on Sept. 1 incorrectly characterized Virgin Lightship's airship passenger ride business.
In Cape May County, the product is so marketable that the demand far exceeds the supply.
For example, bookshelf-patterned wallpaper lines the walls of the master bedroom, which is a box set on tapered feet.
"The hostage problem is on its way to becoming a non-problem," the official, Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Maleki, said in a discussion of the revolutionary Iranian Government's latest overtures to the West and the Arab countries of the Persian Gulf region.
The tragedy, however, is not that people get depressed.
When Steven L. Sanders was a kid, his parents were about to buy him a pair of cheap sneakers instead of the terrific pair he wanted.
It was there that he met allies who have helped him since then, including C. Boyden Gray, who was counsel to Mr. Bush when he was Vice President.
The interest in professional degree programs began after World War II, Professor Williams recalled.
I explained the situation to a flight attendant who found a person willing to accept the seat the woman should have had.
You may be one of the greatest exponents of defense, but if you are one point behind in the last game of a quarterfinal match for prospective world championship challengers, that is not going to do you any good.
He will preside at his last board meeting today when the panel meets in its offices at 51 Chambers Street, across from City Hall.
The problem is, it is in the wrong place or the wrong form.
Hans Hofmann joins the party, dashing off a composition of a roughly biomorphic shapes in yellow and green on a background of his beloved fire engine red (1943).
But the leagues do not have any restrictions on players doing business with the owner of the team they play for.
Upstairs, they found a second unidentified victim, lying unconscious on the floor, with a head wound.
Yet another way of assuring the survival of his art is Mr. Cunningham's innovative use of the computer -- both as facilitator in the creative process and neutral recorder of his choreography.
He sneers at his look-alike, the sitcom star Tony Danza ("He became an actor because he couldn't make it as a fighter") and he says he was appalled at the movie star Mickey Rourke's recent boxing match ("He's a friend of mine.
Historical architecture was able to do for McKim, Mead & White precisely what Frank Lloyd Wright argued it could never do for anyone, which was spark creativity.
1988 Experience Recalled Turkish officials are still bitter about their last experience with a large migration of Iraqi Kurds, in 1988, when more than 60,000 people poured into Turkey claiming that their villages had been attacked by Iraqi soldiers using chemical weapons.
Some experts on Iraq believe that his presence reflected Mr. Hussein's desire to have an independent report of the meeting.
These banks, the study said, are already financially weak and rely heavily on domestic deposits for their capital.
"Vanessa," which the Juillard Opera Center revived on Wednesday night at the Juilliard Theater, is coy about its precise location, but you can be sure it resides in neither Toledo nor Bridgeport.
To anchor the ties, bore through each about two feet from the ends using a heavy-duty electric drill equipped with a 5/8-inch-diameter drill bit long enough to penetrate the tie.
It redefines what you expect from a post office.
The more elaborate, the less practical , the better?
In January, the so-called core rate shot up by eight-tenths of a percentage pont.
"Our demographics show," said Smith, "that tennis fans tend to be affluent and middle-aged."
She does not write the letters, but she reviews and signs them.
That was his third victory in 27 days, and he came back today to reach even greater heights: He carried 5 more pounds and raced an eighth of a mile farther, but he still outran seven other colts with command.
But sometimes it makes me desperate, and I feel like I want to get out."
"The other night, I couldn't sleep after I got the news," said Selig, the man who authorized the lucrative contract, which kept Higuera in Milwaukee last winter.
Three advocates of a multi-party system, including Raila Odinga, Mr. Odinga's son, were jailed last July and have remained in solitary confinement without charges.
The mixture of Broadway pizazz and semi-operatic arias was once taken as evidence of the show's split personality.
Reardon got his 25th save despite allowing a run in the ninth on Kelly Gruber's double and pinch-hitter Rob Ducey's single.
Slogans are the habitat of small minds.
Mr. Stone does deserve a rhetorical thrashing for the film.
Domestic Flights On the domestic front, the issue may take the same path the aircraft smoking issue took: regulators didn't regulate, so Congress legislated.
The extraordinary gain reflected a pre-tax gain of $ 220 million on the repurchase of certain debt on the open market, the writeoff of deferred financing fees aggregating $ 79 million and potential income taxes of $ 108 million on the entire recapitalization program.d-Included a loss from continuing operations of $ 138 million and a loss from discontinued operations of $ 6 million.e-Included a loss from continuing operations of $ 1,172,000,000 and income from discontinued operations of $ 23 million.The 1989 year included the results of RJR Nabisco Inc. from Jan. 1, 1989 through Feb. 8, 1989, when the company had a loss from continuing operations of $ 197 million, with a net loss of $ 173 million, after income from discontinued operations of $ 24 million, on sales of $ 650 million.
First Executive, which has been battered by losses in its huge portfolio of "junk bonds," has been negotiating with a European financial institution whose identity has not been disclosed for a capital infusion and an overhaul of its finances.
1 for Adults Only" in 1965; "TV Bra for Living Sculpture," in 1969, in which she wore a bra made of two small television sets; "Global Groove," a video performance in 1973, and a 1971 Nam June Paik piece, popularly known as "The TV Cello," in which Ms. Moorman played a cello made out of three television sets, to which strings had been attached.
Dr. Robert Gallo, an AIDS researcher at the National Cancer Institute in Bethesda, Md., agreed.
ASA climbed 1 3/8, to 46 7/8; Newmont Gold 1 7/8, to 42 1/2; Newmont Mining 1 1/2, to 40 7/8, and Echo Bay Mines 5/8, to 9 5/8.
He begins to recite this refrain: "This is the affluence that bought the life-style that needed the private school that fed into the college that led to the rape of my daughter."
It's certainly the most remarkable time of my life.
It was not immediately clear if the new violations occurred in Treasury auctions where no wrongdoing had been disclosed earlier.
No matter what she does, many political experts here believe, the Congress Party will be placed under such stress it may very well not survive intact.
Of 268 people with tuberculosis at eight city clinics, 35 percent were found to be infected with the AIDS virus in that survey.
In the Yankee Stadium press room before last Tuesday night's game, Robert Nederlander quietly discussed club matters with General Manager Gene Michael and other front-office executives.
One was taken to the city of Diyarbakir, and the other to the military hospital at Incirlik Air Base.
California decided to challenge a Federal law setting more stringent standards for nursing homes after hearing that many smaller states were also troubled by the costly procedures but were wary of defying the Bush Administration.
Herman Roth railed against his weaknesses: facial paralysis caused by a brain tumor made it difficult to eat; he became intermittently incontinent.
Pete V. Domenici, the New Mexican who is the senior Republican on the Senate Budget Committee, said states would be "more innovative and creative" with the funds than the Federal Government.
Meant to look like a cast-off from Dad's closet, it was designed for someone bold enough, rich enough or young enough to appreciate its deliberate imperfections.
Now if he would just take about four tables out of the main dining room to relieve the crowding, there would not be too much left to criticize.
No charges have yet been filed.
For comparison, look at a photograph that Miss Austen took of the room on March 7, 1897.
Volume was about 130 million shares, which traders said was the lowest this year.
Messier, who also set up a shorthanded goal by Adam Graves, got his milestone goal early in the third period when he slid the puck under his falling linemate and past a screened Kirk McLean in the Vancouver goal.
What the Ad Says The advertisement uses a series of photographs and reprints of newspaper headlines and articles accompanied by a commentary by an unseen narrator.
Rabbi Zola, who worked on the video, said the message the Reform movement is trying to get across is this: "In a certain sense, lawyers, C.P.A.
The deadline for submitting books for consideration by a panel of judges is Oct. 1.
And in July, the Senate Judiciary Committee unanimously approved the Violence Against Women Act of 1991, one provision of which would make sexual assault a Federal civil rights violation, enabling victims to sue their assailants for civil damages under Federal law.
In another case, a Prudential nurse telephoned a doctor to suggest that he perform a gynecological operation at a surgery center in Prudential's medical network rather than the hospital proposed for it, where a smaller portion of the bill would be covered.
They had already consumed three orders of barbecue, some popcorn and some hot dogs, Mr. Robinson recalled.
Mr. Vandekeybus's creativity lies in his ability to give repetitive patterns of powerful, risky movement a meaning that goes beyond form for form's sake.
New figures showed that factory production rose a bit in February.
Orrin seems to coast along like the dermatologist of fable, never killing a patient but never curing one, especially himself.
While many Chinese complain about the Government's brutality, they generally seem pleased with the tough measures against crime.
But briefers occasionally go to odd lengths.
Sasser and the Mets could not agree on a salary for 1990, so the Mets unilaterally renewed his 1989 contract at $155,000, a $60,000 raise over his previous salary.
Mr. Vallone apparently used the occasion take some initiative away from the Mayor.
Rap depends on blatant egotism and outsize boasts.
This Lincoln Center festival opens July 11 at 7:30 P.M. with the New York premiere of "The Mysteries and What's So Funny," written by David Gordon with music by Philip Glass and design by Red Grooms.
"But this is like a war we are fighting, and wars are not fought by private companies."
The Alberta form comes in many sizes.
His representatives in Kansas City refused to confirm or deny his captaincy.
Bishop Frey complained, for example, that the advocates of change had not "adequately defined what it is they are are asking for," leaving the impression that change would justify a wide range of sexual behavior.
The pupils seemed genuinely absorbed.
President Mikhail S. Gorbachev accused Soviet radicals today of seeking to achieve power by force and said the country could slide into civil war if their campaign was not stopped.
She graduated from Wellesley College and received a master's degree in history from Columbia University.
In recent days, international relief organizations said that in parts of the countryside, peasants have been forced to forage for wild plants because regular food supplies have virtually disappeared.
Ben Hamper's emotional plight seems to me an example of the widespread fracturing of the human soul that is occurring in the workplace all over America ("A Shop Rat's Tale," by John Marchese, Aug. 11).
Earlier this month, Robert M. Kimmitt, the Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs, was sent to Beijing for what American officials called a candid discussion about human rights, trade and weapons sales.
Admission, $6 ($4 for students and the elder; $3 for those 6 to 12 years old; free for those under 6.)
Her first models appeared with plaid shawls tossed over one shoulder, dark jackets and pleated skirts or pants.
Computers, kept out by tariffs until 1975, quickly caught on, catapulting Chile into the information age, while the introduction of credit cards helped spur an extraordinary boom in consumer spending.
Although the full House earlier this month gave initial approval to Mr. Bush's $2 billion request for next year, it also approved an amendment directing NASA to look for cheaper ways of accomplishing the station's goals.
The way he said it, the phrase had the sense of people-are-wondering-just-what-you-and-I-are-up-to, and a loud buzz spread through the hall.
"The appearance of conflict of interest is enormous."
Such inspections are mandatory under the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty, which North Korea signed in 1985.
The company updated the original version of the seminal 20th-century novel, which was published in the United States in 1934 by Random House.
It takes a while in your life to come to seeing it that way, but sometimes I know if I don't laugh, I might want to kill."
"There's a clear sense that things are happening in South Africa," Ms. Harvey said, "and it's only a question of time."
Earlier this week President Aylwin called leaders from all political parties to a meeting at the Presidential palace to announce a new program to combat terrorism.
He is planning to spend most of his time on Soviet internal politics and economics.
The feisty Lemieux, who was acquired from the Canadiens before the season for Sylvain Turgeon, crushed into the boards from his momentum and threw a scare into the other Devils when he skated off to the dressing room.
The Associated Press reported that among the 11 passengers was Guillermina Valdes, a noted scholar of the sociology and economy of the United States-Mexican border who was director of the Ciudad Juarez branch of the Collegio della Frontera Norte, a research institute.
Because rents are so low, companies have little incentive to build, and there is a chronic shortage of housing.
Only then did Northwest respond in writing and provide details of new safety initiatives to the aviation agency.
Six clubs by South is safe, but not the best in terms of match-points.
How can the collector be sure?
Individualism, pluralism, revisionism -- all the euphemisms for late 20th-century disarray are represented, as is the spiritual emptiness that drives some artists to experimentation for its own sake.
Wearing borrowed sulus and honorary frangipani garlands, we made a farewell sevusevu presentation, offering Chief Kini a kilo of root.
Having failed to settle their palimony suit, the two will probably find themselves back in a Fort Worth courtroom early next year.
"The players came to the rink believing we could win.
Interception may come when the Scud is within one second of its target.
The police then moved in, blocked the car's path and arrested Mr. Benson.
When I got an agent, he went into a sales pitch for Ticketmaster's magazine.
Her sister Pamela, 19, is a full-time student at the college and her father, a 49-year-old unemployed construction worker, is also a part-time student there.
In his letter, Mr. Bush also said a resolution "would help dispel any belief that may exist in the minds of Iraq's leaders that the United States lacks the necessary unity to act decisively in response to Iraq's continued aggression against Kuwait."
Military Command Unresolved And republic leaders could not agree immediately on the related issue of a new military command.
A police officer asked for peace and quiet at 7:30 P.M., but the crowd of about 200 people refused to disperse, Mr. Mitchell said.
Plain logic demands continuance of that detailed bombardment, which costs few allied lives, allows Iraq's chemicals to decay in their shells and destroys Iraq's capacity to make war.
Although his words indicated that he was heading into camp thinking that the job was his to lose, Simms would not say exactly how he was approaching the competition.
The coming of age of women in an Irish village and in Dublin's academia.
"We've never seen a project move this fast from research bench to commercial application."
He graduated from Lehigh University, received a master's degree in civil engineering from the New Jersey Institute of Technology and a law degree from Fordham University.
"The real numbers, not the wonderland numbers, show that high-speed rail can't be competitive," a lawyer for Southwest, C. Robert Heath, argued earlier today during a daylong hearing of the Texas High-Speed Rail Authority, in Austin.
Mr. Tshisekedi said Mr. Mobutu, who has ruled the central African country for 26 years, wanted to retain control of the defense and security ministries.
A free shuttle bus will run east along 23d Street and north along Third Avenue between the 23d Street station on the Broadway line R and N station and the 86th Street station on the Lexington Avenue.
Without considering the emotional issues, there was enough evidence for the district attorney to submit charges of criminally negligent homicide to a grand jury.
This had a dampening effect on your shares not long after your first purchases, and it has taken a long time for the prices to climb back.
Yesterday, several city officials, including Douglas H. White, the city's Personnel Director; H. Carl McCall, the president of the Board of Education, and Dr. Margaret Hamburg, the acting Health Commissioner, said they still planned to go.
He believes that it is a parent's job to help a child learn the virtues of cooperation and sharing, and he says this should start in early childhood, by playing games that emphasize social skills.
As much as 10 percent of every freshman class leaves the school after about the first month of unrelenting harassment.
C15 A new book on changing times and changing illnesses.
You don't know what the facts are.
He asked for prayers, then, for allied personnel and their leaders, and expressed hope "that the end of the war is followed by the dawn of an awareness that every war is tragic."
Congress in No Mood He could find a similar mood in Congress when he is asked to defend and explain actions of Resolution Trust, which can and often does influence real estate markets across the nation.
Eager to break through to some kind of future, the music flirts with nostalgia instead, as it clings to the physicality of strings and drumheads in an era of synthesized sound.
* Pagano Schenck & Kay, Providence, R.I., will handle the Rhode Island Zoological Society.
Others, however, see the Budapest's position as an artful negotiating stance designed to extract greater promises from the Hungarian Government for required capital improvements and more commitments from private investors, who have already tentatively pledged $8 billion toward Expo projects.
John J. Agoglia, the president of NBC Enterprises, said recently that the network's profit projection was down so far this year that "it's ridiculous."
report, with the secret addendum listing the worst offenders, has been at the Internal Revenue Service for months, but not one I.R.S.
When King was asked just days ago whether Tyson would go ahead with the Nov. 8 Holyfield bout if a special grand jury hands up an indictment, King said: "I can't address no issues.
The glossy magazine, "Baby on the Way: BASICS," is to be distributed this week at 4,000 sites, including public health clinics, state health agencies, doctors' offices, schools and other offices in the United States and Canada.
In the Soviet Union we think that we should have special structures which would keep tabs on the cooperation between the Soviet Union and the G-7 countries, and first of all, in the area of investment.
They plan to be married next June, not long before Hanratty's autobiography, now being written in collaboration with Herb Gluck, will be published by Random House.
Because there was no title page on it, just a pile of handwritten documents, it was probably simply swept up when his estate was settled, put in these trunks and nobody has looked at them all these years.
With Bob McClure (10-4 for .714) and Bill Lee (12-5 for .706) following Higuera, the five pitchers with the best winning percentages among Yankee beaters are all left-handed.
Because the wastes they saved were more concentrated than the wastes they dumped, the bomb makers appear to have retained most of the radiation in the relative security of the tanks, which have leaked at times but are still largely intact.
As Mr. Anderson put it, "You start forcing people to leave your town to go for a basic service, and everything else might leave as well."
Front porches on at least half the houses will provide a public face to private housing.
Last week, most Egyptians who have seen the value of the dollar leap from nearly two pounds to more than three pounds over the last few years, were speculating that by the end of the year the American dollar would hit a peak of four pounds to the dollar.
With the quartet he is leading he is able to invoke various aspects of his career.
Yet I notice Singleton's idol, Spike Lee, felt no qualms in "interpreting" Italian-American experience in his film, "Jungle Fever."
Investigators in Illinois and Michigan traced some cases to cantaloupe in fruit salad; Minnesota investigators implicated fruit salads and salad bars.
Genteel guided tours are now given at Nemours, the Wilmington home of Alfred I. du Pont, which was occupied until the 1970's by his widow.
Last week, more than 7,000 single people and 4,700 families were housed in the city's shelter system, including hotels.
Bert S. Harmon, a lawyer who practiced in New York for more than 50 years, died on Thursday at United Hospital in Port Chester, N.Y.
Gil Nolde, a spokesman, said Caterpillar had no plans to cut its worldwide work force of 56,400.
But the crew's fifth member had become separated from the others after the crash in the stormy darkness.
In 1978, he became an assistant dean for graduate placement, nondegree programs and alumni services.
"Looking at an array of programs carried out in Philadelphia, you'll see almost every innovative reform that has been proposed in urban schools."
Trinity Church, on Broadway at Wall Street, used to offer a noon series too, but has suspended its concerts while work is being done on its facade.
She and her partner, Linda Carcaci, have designed more than 300 different rental costumes.
Do you now worry about whether he is H.I.V.-positive?
said it would offer American business travelers a reduced round-trip Concorde fare of $6,999 for travel to Heathrow Airport in London from both New York and Washington this month and next.
"It was a magic time," Mr. Dragon said, recalling the mansion lighted with 1,000 candles and the two miles of roads with Japanese lanterns.
Seeking to resolve differences and reach common ground, representatives of Indian tribes and environmentalists recently met in Washington.
The Republicans tried to win.
Mr. Olsen said that his strongest objections arose over the proposal to cut back state employee benefits, a measure that would directly affect some 40,000 workers affiliated with Mr. Olsen's union.
In fact, tracking the Russell 2000 over the past year has been the indexers' equivalent of an Army obstacle course, complete with water hazards, balance beams and hand-to-hand combat.
And he notes that in recent years big cars have shed an average of about 1,000 pounds -- a reduced disparity that helps small cars survive crashes with big ones.
"And I never went to meet them at Baltimore Gas and Electric," Ms. Ruehl says, and laughs.
The results, together with expectations that comic book fans will willingly pay the higher prices, have helped raise Marvel's share price from $16.50 when it went public in July, to $42.75 yesterday, down 62.5 cents for the day in New York Stock Exchange trading.
Momma and Poppa are a domestic Laurel and Hardy, providing a lot of self-mocking fun, though Nancy garners a round of giggles when she blows her nose like a trumpet.
The entire Israel Trail will not be ready for another year, but two portions are open: the section from Dan to Caesarea and the stretch from Mamshit to Eilat.
At a memorial service for Gavin on Aug. 25, he said: "Two tragedies.
After the invasion, only 36 percent of VCR households did so.
"I'd hate to think it's because I have nothing else to do," said Roy Stanfield, a 32-year old who works in a local bank.
Taming the Deficit The most urgent economic challenge, many economists say, is taming the Soviet budget deficit, which is expected to exceed 10 percent of the nation's economic output.
Social Security officials say they plan to advise public health groups and homosexual rights organizations about the rules on Tuesday.
With Austria, Finland, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland, the barrier-free market of 340 million people will grow to 380 million people.
In most other schools, white parents have balked at letting their children go to school with black children.
Remove from the heat and drain.
And I was impressed to hear Judge Thomas say, as reported in the newspapers, that he believed his role as a judge to be that of interpreting the Constitution and the laws of the United States, not that of rewriting or remaking the laws.
For example, Robert Coles, the author of "The Spiritual Life of Children" (Houghton Mifflin), a nonfiction best seller, had been scheduled to be interviewed earlier this month by Diane Sawyer on ABC's "Prime Time Live."
A humorist's attempt to explain the Federal Government.
The Stars and Stripes is the most popular, but he said that demand has also increased for Army, Navy and Marine Corps flags, state flags, and those that remember American prisoners of war and military personnel who are missing in action.
American oil companies are barred from exploring there because of the longstanding United States trade embargo against Hanoi.
Ocean World may now either challenge the department's findings at a hearing before an administrative law judge or accept those findings and pay fines that could prove quite large.
Macintosh computers, a Kodak Premier image-enhancement system and a Kodak Prophecy color system are some of the equipment available.
But Mr. Fiers's testimony has the potential to breathe new life into the prosecution.
Those fortunate in the lottery must pick up their tickets in person at Giants Stadium.
Susan Howell, director of the Survey Research Center at the University of New Orleans, said her analysis of returns from heavily white parishes on Saturday indicated that Mr. Duke got 42 to 44 percent of the white vote, Mr. Roemer got about 30 percent and Mr. Edwards got 17 to 18 percent.
Magazine publishers, especially, say the procedure has enabled them to break the video barrier by giving them an inexpensive -- about $650 -- and quick way to send stations newsworthy photographs or covers.
Wall Street's painful shift from the takeover era to the hangover era is not over, but the securities industry last year finally started making the tough choices to transform itself into a smaller and healthier industry.
"This project is a monumental task because physicians are dealing with a wealth of uncertainties in treating back problems," says Dr. Richard A. Deyo, associate professor of medicine at the University of Washington School of Public Health and Community Medicine and director of the five-year effort, which involves 22 specialists and tens of thousands of patients.
And in any case, unless they cooperate, the republics won't survive.
Whenever I take a shower, the walls and ceiling of the bathroom are covered with moisture.
The Maricopa County medical examiner, Dr. Heinz Karnitschnig, said that some of the victims were hit by shotgun blasts as they had their hands raised, and that all nine were then killed with shots from a small-caliber gun to the head or neck as they lay face down on the ground.
The couple's group, the International Youth Organization, has four different programs aimed at getting these young people away from crime and off the streets.
Measure the width of the groove in the old fascia and its distance from the board's lower edge, and cut a similar groove.
On the outskirts, authorities have built a barbed-wire fence.
There were also other bits of evidence that even though the two countries have reached the end of "a long era as adversaries," as Mr. Bush said, serious problems remain.
Perhaps all this will change when Europe's Disneyland emerges from its construction some miles farther to the north.
It increases maximum fines for property damage from $500 to $1,000, and allows prosecution as a felony instead of as a misdemeanor.
Some Risks Acknowledged These considerations outweighed the risks of sensationalism and other drawbacks, Father LeBar said.
C15 Laura Esterman's role of a lifetime in "Marvin's Room."
And Newsweek discussed the book in a cover article last week.
Do you not have any sense that given the momentous changes that we have seen in the Soviet Union, some more fundamental reconsideration of Western policy might be necessary?
But for the first three years, at least, none of the partners will take dividends, and Time Warner has enormous control over how the dividends are paid, even over the long term.
"I realized he had a lot of bad habits," White said.
Women feel that if they can run a big ad agency or write a column or present a show, by golly, they can make the best child that's ever been.
Judge Thomas's first case on appeal was Alpo v. Ralston Purina, which concerned alleged inflated nutritional claims made in Puppy Chow advertising.
BEACH HIKE, from Brighton Beach to Plum Beach, five miles through Brooklyn.
The Washington team has also produced a catalogue exceptional in the area of contemporary art for its scholarly thoroughness.
In 1989, about 541,000 hysterectomies were performed, the majority of them for heavy uterine bleeding, according to A.C.O.G.
"They came down there in a crazed way."
It may or may not have ended with a bang.
He forced the ball a little bit.
Like some of the other names clustered at the top of the list -- Froley and the Revy Investment Company -- Cypress also has a well-known specialty in convertible securities, which paid off handsomely in the quarter.
One of the most fascinating bits is an excerpt from a 1969 Friars Club banquet at which the singer is needled by Don Rickles and serenaded with witty musical tributes by Mr. Arlen, Jule Styne and Richard Rodgers.
The abolition of censorship, the goal of so many Western human rights activists, may mean little because of the barriers that face publishing in Eastern Europe.
"The Government has mismanaged this and done a terrible job," said Mark D. Goldstein, president of Earle Palmer Brown.
For his overall service in the war, he received the Silver Star for gallantry.
1 draft pick in 1988, are beginning to see the real Heyward.
He became an independent management consultant and retired in 1975.
Anyone who insists on man's right to the unseemly private life needs courage, for the Puritans will gnaw him down to a pipsqueak.
Dennis Van der Meer, whose Van der Meer Tennis University has its headquarters on Hilton Head Island, S.C., who personally participates in 41 of his organization's s clinics each year, said: "That's the biggest criticism of our profession.
Greyhound has dismissed a driver who was arrested for drunken driving after the police saw his bus weaving on a highway.
Our reputation should not be sullied by distorted reports of isolated incidents trumpeted by one individual.
"Why don't women come in?"
"It was a quick move, not so much a strength move," the rookie would report minutes later, an ice pack on his wrist.
Their success or failure depends on the news media.
Tonight, Messier is the whole show, part and parcel.
And at 4 P.M. on April 21, the Sarah Lawrence Chamber Choir will be joined by the soprano Eddye Pierce Young, the pianist Edmund Niemann and the piano duo of Jean and Kenneth Wentworth.
He was placed under arrest shortly after midnight.
The allied forces have no basis to intervene in Iraqi movements below the 36th parallel, and Baghdad may be gearing up to reassert its control in Kurdish-held areas not under allied protection.
Wheat for delivery in December was 5 1/4 cents higher at $3.47 a bushel; December corn was 3/4 cent lower at $2.49 a bushel; December oats were 1/2 cent lower at $1.28 1/4 a bushel, and November soybeans were 24 1/2 cents lower at $5.45 1/2 a bushel.
Mr. Baker said the Government estimates that fewer than a quarter of all refugees who seek asylum are in fact entitled to it.
's senior debt rating has been lowered to AA+, from AAA, by S.& P., which also lowered the subordinated debt rating to AA, from AA+.
In the past, he said, the networks would rather have taken a loss than see an unused show go to another network.
Tours at bodegas are conducted on weekday and Saturday mornings and must be arranged a day in advance; guides usually speak passable English.
"One shots are frowned upon or not frowned upon depending to a great degree on how much in relation to a total hole you fill," the Mayor said.
At age 10, because of an unrecorded incident that displeased her father, Elizabeth was sent away from court in disgrace.
Wipe on with a soft brush , let dry on the surface and then rinse with plain water.
Then came a solemn Catholic ordination rite, though with a difference: swaying, clapping, shouting, gospel-singing interludes that would have been familiar in a black Baptist church.
"A lot haven't been headache-free in 30 years."
Armstrong, a linesman for 21 seasons, was elected in the officials' category.
CHRIS GATLING, one of the Golden State Warriors' three first-round draft picks, signed a five-year contract.
Then the Poles mounted a miraculous stretch drive.
The five-day Super Passport has been increased to $153.15 and $122.50 for children, formerly $142.60 and $114.10 respectively.
At the urging of Mr. Keating, one of his close associates, Lee H. Henkel Jr., was nominated by Ronald Reagan for a vacancy on the bank board.
Is there anything else we can do to solve the humidity problem?
The world of work, through their eyes, has the same rigid structure.
"As different as they might like to think they are, they're both very much alike," Esiason said, noting that these similarities might have been the reason for their professional friction.
It was for that sin, above all, that the Burmese military leaders put Mrs. Aung San Suu Kyi under house arrest in July 1989 and keep her incommunicado.
Some of the more sovereignty-minded republics are already differing with the central Government over details.
Mr. Rubenstein, 27, is an associate in the New York law firm of Alan J. Goldberg & Associates.
"Annamaria can be sick in the hospital five or six times a year, she is so susceptible to everything."
The system needs to be improved to provide systematic and timely feedback about the benefits and hazards of contraceptive products.
The food is scooped out on your banana leaf, and when you are finished, you fold the leaf politely in half.
Meetings Do Move In what is developing as a major issue in the governor's race, executives in the tourism and convention industry have protested that Mr. Duke's election would cause the cancellation of meetings and sporting events, a portion of the economy that has accounted for a large part of Louisiana's meager economic growth in the past few years.
The rakish Rum Tum Tugger affects leopard-skin boots and a well-gelled palomino hairdo; children usually keep their eyes glued to him.
The group's 1990 tally will not be released until later this year.
The dollar fell to a new postwar low against the German mark in United States and European trading yesterday despite dollar-buying by the central banks of a number of nations.
In Big Board trading, the most active issue was RJR Nabisco Holdings, down 3/8 to 11 7/8.
And both entities are all for the First Amendment.
Most are within a five-minute stroll of the Nepali Kitchen mentioned and don't miss the cinnamon buns and pies at Narayan's nearby.
"We don't really have studies on what goes into a decision to emigrate," said Leonid A. Ashkinazi, the head of Vaad, the Soviet confederation of Jewish organizations and communities.
Gabor Zsambeki, director of the Katona Jozsef Theater, said the cuts in subsidies were pushing the stage toward some commercialization.
Most of California is struggling through a fifth year of drought.
"I didn't want to go into February hoping I would skate well when the time comes.
Dangling Cutlery Culinary chimes would make a lovely summer house gift for someone who likes to cook, or to eat.
from New York to San Diego to Grand Junction, Colo.
White stucco walls, graced with ceramic plates, terra cotta planters full of greenery, beamed ceilings, cafe curtains on a plethora of windows and fresh flowers on each table contribute to a warm, friendly and cozy atmosphere, conducive to dining.
These were previously considered permissable charges by Government auditors, and universities have been seeking Government reimbursement for them over the years.
When more than half of the 163 foremen took early retirement, the plant's managers recognized that a likely source of opposition to the team approach had been weakened.
In a briefing in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, Brig.
This is only a slight impingement."
The insurer maintains that it will decide on my claim only after studying treatment results on several other Gaucher's sufferers to determine the efficacy of enzyme relacement therapy.
Videotaped evidence played a major role in those decisions, the officials said.
Sometimes, Dr. Smalley said, a buckyball of the normal 60-carbon size may slam into the concave surface presented by a large, open cluster of carbon atoms that has begun to curve in on itself.
But his comments today appeared to be an admission of racial discrimination within the bureau.
The U.S. should inform the company that RU-486 will receive a fair hearing from the F.D.A.
Down deep, most whites like the message: finally, after 30 years, somebody's going to put the niggers down."
Already, the claim has played a role in the reorganizations of Eastern Airlines, Drexel Burnham Lambert, Resorts International and a host of smaller cases.
The dollar took a wild ride yesterday, first tumbling on gloomy news about the economy, then surging on word that Germany's top economics aide had said the dollar's value was too low.
"They will have the advantages of using our media department, research department, art department, traffic department and, of course, our billing department," Mr. Avrett said.
"Once a month," he says, "Max."
However, documentation that this is simply not true arrived in my mail last week.
Slovenia's Secession The Slovenian Parliament's declaration last week of autonomy from the rest of Yugoslavia only ratifies a status that Slovenia's economy has already achieved.
The last time Ray Mercer fought, back in January, Francesco Damiani, the World Boxing Organization heavyweight champion, gave him a boxing lesson through eight rounds.
The five-foot-high sphere of fresh grass, enmeshed in chicken wire, resembles a mutant pineapple.
"They have to agree to do the environmental stuff -- recycling, community tree planting, educating of the kids."
Mr. Ellison said that although the district had contended that it cannot afford to pay for the nurse, the hourly rate for a tutor would be higher than the cost of a daily nurse, and the cost of sending Brooke to a special school would be significantly higher than for the nurse.
A few moments spent answering this, you are told, will be greatly appreciated by the manufacturer.
Owens was expected to be in uniform for last night's game against Sacramento.
Appealed for the Money General Noriega's lawyers appealed to Judge Hoeveler, who is presiding over the case, asserting that the Government's action left the General without money to pay for his defense.
American and Japanese officials will meet in Tokyo on Friday to try to renegotiate a seven-year-old secret accord under which the United States and Japan agreed to limit the sale of supercomputers, United States Government officials said this weekend.
Of the three vegetarian offerings, we especially liked Rita's eggplant supreme, with thin slices wrapped around ricotta, surrounded by fresh mushrooms, tomato sauce and melted mozzarella, baked in a casserole and served oven hot.
A snack bar, restrooms, lessons and lockers are available.
As populations in these suburbs soared in the late 1970's and 1980's, creating traffic tie-ups on highways and back roads that were not designed to handle the sharp increase in cars, transportation officials looked to car pooling, van pooling and mass transit to help relieve congestion.
Mr. Davis lived there with Ms. Abdullah's sister, whose name the police did not give out, and two children, ages 4 and 1, Chief Pizzo said.
Besides the worry that time off from work with a baby could shift a man's career off the fast track and onto the "daddy track," financial considerations discourage fathers who might consider taking a leave, especially those who are primary breadwinners.
Saturday, also at 8:30, some anonymous Canzons for Brass and Vincent Persichetti's Serenade No.
Some Americans have used that supposed threat to promote huge military expenditures, or to thwart closer relations with Moscow; but their view -- like the sour-faced men of the "Emergency Committee" fleeing for Central Asia -- has lost all credibility.
Move over, Blanqui, for Grigori Potemkin, Catherine II's counselor-lover, who was said to have built sham villages along the Dnieper River to fool the Empress about his regional development.
"This is not about money," he told a reporter.
This influence, it goes without saying, is George Balanchine's, and it encompasses the place that Balanchine made for Mr. Robbin's more expressive approach to working within the classical idiom.
Except for a rally to $423 an ounce in February 1990, gold has settled around $360 to $370 an ounce and Dr. Fisher has lost about 12 percent on his investment.
In another area involving amateurs, Steve Greenberg, the deputy commissioner, said: "Part of what we're exploring is working more closely with the N.C.A.A.
Lightweight - Pernell Whitaker, Norfolk, Va., undisputed.
The spokesman said that the latest charges, including harassment, would be investigated.
Hours: 11 A.M. to 9 P.M. Oct. 17 to 19; 11 A.M. to 6 P.M. on Oct. 20.
But Mr. Nitze said, "I don't think he will be as influential" as the last Foreign Minister, Eduard A. Shevardnadze, whom Mr. Nitze described as "one of the two or three great men" of the Soviet Union today.
If they have a chance to just take your bat and put it in there and not deal with any of the problems, they'd take your bat.
The wealth effect is another explanation for how changes in monetary policy and interest rates might affect the economy.
In businesses, holding conferences by video, now expensive and inconvenient, would become commonplace, making it possible to minimize business travel.
Congress and the public demanded rapid exposure of what might turn out to be impeachable conduct.
Mr. Fromkin tells it in terms of hubris and incompetence.
Steve Young is gone, too -- at least for this weekend -- because of an injury to his left knee.
The girl and her mother ran in opposite directions, warning others.
But while the inflation figures captured much of the attention, a sizable proportion of economists found other indicators published today, particularly industrial output, of equal if not greater importance.
The first to arrive was a two-handled cup of cold, ivory-colored liquid velvet, topped with specks of jade green.
"It's also possible they might not."
He would just like to add to the pile.
Mr. Thornburgh was appointed Attorney General by President Ronald Reagan in 1988 to reinvigorate a department wearied by the highly political style and the controversies over ethical issues that arose during the stewardship of Edwin Meese 3d.
The 1 is used for direct-dial calls, while the 0 is used for operator-assisted calls.
Cross-Section of Eighth Grade State-by-state data on student performance has been available in the past through the results of tests like the Scholastic Aptitude Tests and the American College Testing program, but these tests are taken only by those applying to college.
Much of the outside world, as if mistaking Gorbomania for Slavic fate, did not believe Mr. Yeltsin.
I would have settled for a hot dog."
Mr. White said it had not yet been decided whether the new lane would be restricted to cars with two or more passengers or cars with three or more.
The New Orleans Saints made it, albeit the hard way, into the National Football League playoffs.
Sunday service is from 6 to 10 P.M. (Diner's Journal, April 26, 1991.)
This week, South Korean national security officials also said that North Korea has tested a mobile Scud missile launcher like those used by Iraq in the Persian Gulf war, a launcher that could easily fire missiles into South Korea.
Linda Russell, a balladeer, is presenting "An Early American Christmas," a program of carols, dance tunes, drinking songs, folk tales and recipes.
Raised as a Methodist in Houston but confirmed in the Episcopal Church while a college student, she had a bachelor's degree in comparative literature from Occidental College in Los Angeles and a graduate degree in library science from Catholic University in Washington, which led to 16 years' employment at the Library of Congress.
"But I have more tapes back at the hotel," Sealy said.
The heart king was cashed, setting the stage for the finale: [ DIAGRAM ] When the heart 10 was led, West had to surrender.
"I told them the first drive of the third quarter was the most important of the game.
I am the youngest of 13 children.
b-Included net gain of $ 883,000 from sale of business.
"He is a 7-footer who can block shots.
"This information has hurt him and done some damage to his credibility."
Despite a four-game winning streak, they were in eighth place in the Eastern Conference, holding onto the final playoff spot.
In the second feature at Belmont yesterday, the $134,000 Prioress Stakes for 3-year-old fillies, Zama Hummer settled a score by outracing nine other horses to win by two-plus lengths over the favorite, Missy's Mirage.
Unbelievable it may be, but Mr. Cantor's new venture will require six characters in search of a casting director.
"We've shown that we can be very, very good at times, but we've also shown that we can be very, very bad," said Kiki Vandeweghe, New York's starting small forward.
Mr. Diodato, who s employed by a wood-preserving company, was working about 150 yards away, on the south side of the pier when he heard police sirens and saw a large gathering of people.
Unhappiness could never rear its head at this sugary dreamland, which despite its name sells only cake-decorating supplies.
In either case, be sure that the soil is kept moist, so the young plant cannot dry out.
A February wedding is planned.
"I've always been a bit of a loner.
"The real question is, 'Are you better off than you were 12 years ago?'
D23 The publisher died just as his grip on his global empire seemed to be slipping.
Sulfites occur naturally during fermentation and have been added to wine in small amounts for thousands of years to prevent spoilage.
The phone numbers for the resort are (915) 424-3471 and (800) 527-4078.
The competition for prizes is fierce in categories that go far beyond Femme Queen Realness, featuring the elaborate showgirl costumes that one usually associates with drag balls.
The political renaissance of Newark that accelerated with the election of Mayor Sharpe James in 1986 has been followed by a continuing economic turnaround, which has, in turn, led to a new master plan for downtown development from the New Jersey Center for the Performing Arts.
"It is a very mixed message."
The enlightened will think of the window not just as an object of wood and glass, but as a blank canvas for human artistry.
Now the Giants will try to win another Super Bowl, but with a backup quarterback and a backup kicker, who was acquired in September to replace the injured Raul Allegre.
Our last stop was a ride on a real camel around a blessedly short circle.
With closed eyes and open minds, they listen to personalized motivational tapes recorded by Dr. Gullo, who has a Ph.D. in psychology.
He sees no reason why a lottery machine shouldn't present itself whenever a routine errand is run, and is beginning a pronounced effort to put them into gasoline stations, supermarkets and convenience stores like 7-Elevens.
Cost Is Enormous The Environmental Protection Agency said today that the technology for solving the coastal pollution problem was readily available, but the cost was enormous.
Kodak said the system is being used in the United States and will be available in Europe next year.
The differences are due to surfacing of the lumber after it has been sawed into boards.
In addition, the Tandy Corporation and other PC makers have announced specialized personal computers that are designed to support the new multimedia standards.
The council appointed a panel of three experts to advise the association on the need for additional guidelines or other action to regulate doctors' investments and the referral of patients.
The Evander Holyfield-George Foreman bout will stay in Atlantic City at the Convention Center on April 19.
Mr. Bush and others ignore that, and particularly its relevance to Japan's rise, at our collective peril.
"Fragile X has been a puzzling disorder, and there have been so many theories about the disease, all of which have been almost impossible to test," said Dr. Stephen T. Warren of Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta, the main author of the new report, which is appearing in Friday's issue of the journal Cell.
"We want to get this material out of the home.
Effect on Pension Funds Executive Life has 170,000 life insurance policies outstanding, with a face value of $38 billion.
And the pace of the room is easygoing but not slow.
Since then he has not commented on the race, although some Republicans have said he has been telephoning prospective supporters.
"I thought sailing on a freighter might be interesting," Mr. Harris said.
One afternoon, Sue McCaffrey, a student technician at the laboratory, was experimenting with cooking temperatures for waffles.
5 1 AWAKEN THE GIANT WITHIN, by Anthony Robbins.
She pointedly noted that the "relationship between Palestinians and other Arabs is one of equality."
It's a new start in a new grade.
Music: Although the club books styles ranging from country to rock to cajun and zydeco, it's best known for its blues.
Many teachers see the new opportunity compensating for some of the privations induced by the city's budget crisis.
"It bothers you for their sake and for friendship's sake."
Several barometers indicate steep declines in casual use of crack and cocaine as well as a more gradual decline in numbers of the most intense users.
They came by the hundreds to the Piskaryevskoye cemetery today, to commemorate those who died by the hundreds of thousands.
The last-minute effort is designed to stir a sympathy vote for the Congress Party, although reports from the countryside indicate that the sympathy vote will be negligible.
Much remains to be done about bringing sexual assault into the open, center workers say, especially in teen-age groups, where girls remain stone silent and boys adopt standard macho struts.
"It's right on the cornerstone: Danny Thomas, founder."
In it, Mr. Wilder said Mr. Robb "is finished" politically and says he has urged at least one reporter to write articles about Mr. Robb's personal life.
A main course of three fried-bologna slices per guest served between two slices of day-old white bread, plus a four-ounce serving of canned beans, with coffee made from day-old grounds.
More than 33,600 students have applied for 16,000 spots in the nation's 126 accredited medical schools next fall, according to a memorandum sent to medical college admissions officers in February by the Association of American Medical Colleges.
If the machine is never turned off, it never performs the check, she said.
Barry Zorthian, the former United States Mission spokesman in Saigon, has said that there were only four or five breaches of security by the approximately 2,000 correspondents accredited to cover the Vietnam War between 1964 and 1968.
I gave her a letter of recommendation for her present job.
The film -- Mr. Zucker made clear that the actors are not doing impersonations -- stars John Turturro as the Groucho character, a money-hungry lawyer specializing in personal injury cases; Bob Nelson as the Harpo-like innocent, and Mel Smith as the Chico counterpart.
Under that circumstance, the Air Force could argue that it does not have to pay Northrop for $1 billion or more of unreimbursed expenses.
"And," Walker added, debunking yet another common belief, "we didn't clown."
Deer rifles are the most common, although almost any type of gun may be used, including handguns.
"And that was not clearly spelled out in the annual report.
In most legal jurisdictions, including Baltimore, legal procedures call for a trial date for a prisoner to be set within a few days of arrest, with the trial, if there are no postponements because of legal maneuvering, to take place within about three months for a minor offense and within about four or five months for a major offense.
The Lloyd Harbor police station and the Sea Cliff firehouse are scheduled to complete installing the new lighting by the spring.
Senior officers of acquired banks are sent to "Bank One College," a two-week, 18-hour-a-day indoctrination, with speeches, small group meetings, dawn aerobics sessions and Outward Bound-like excursions.
Mr. Bryan does not deny, however, that much of the $50,000 ransom money the Lindberghs paid was found in Mr. Hauptmann's possession, and that he had been spending it.
Recent polls indicate an all-time low in support, less than 15 percent.
Coach Bill Parcells of the Giants spent Sunday in front of a television set watching the Chicago Bears win their first-round playoff game.
Of the 102 babies countywide who died before their first birthdays in 1988, the latest year for which figures are available, 34 were born to Yonkers residents.
She added, however, that her mind was all but made up.
Many of his letters (a six-volume collection was published in Hebrew in the 1920's) are first-rate essays, but only a few pages have ever appeared in English.
Are there directories of cottages for rent in England?
"We thought we could handle it."
July 17-21, "The Way of the World."
For 22 years, the Colombiana Record Shop has been promoting the beat of Colombian percussion on the Elmhurst side of Roosevelt Avenue, at 40-29 82d Street, a pleasantly bustling commercial thoroughfare.
Using the new 1987-base G.N.P.
"You look on one side and there's Andre Reed and on the other is James Lofton," Kelly said.
Two days later, Tim Teufel was traded to the Padres in a deal that sent some emotional shocks through a sizable slice of the clubhouse.
The 2-year-old speedball was still waiting in the wings at her barn in Belmont Park in New York.
When this collection of stories was published in 1988, our reviewer, Russell Banks, said it is "so consistent, original, seductive and delightfully sad that Rick DeMarinis can afford to save his best piece for last, a thing rarely done these days."
We believed it also achieved a proper privacy balance and would have been well accepted by consumers.
M.M., Trumbull, Conn., delights in the Absolute Squirrel-Proof Bird Feeder available from the Orvis Company, Manchester, Vt. 05254, which is adjustable to the weight of the birds you wish to feed.
The coat use the Chinese technique of sandwiching a thin layer of raw silk fiber betwen an outer layer of silk and the lining.
"So the opportunity for some amelioration of the financial situation is very much alive."
"I'm not going to let my eagerness permit a budget that is more damaging to the state than a delay would be."
My concern is for the naive and hapless purchaser.
THE Greeks stuff grape leaves, cook them and serve them cold as part of meze, their free-form before-the-meal meal.
Officials have refused to link the release with Mr. Baker's visit and said it was a good-will gesture to mark the end of the Muslim holiday of Ramadan.
The core players of Mr. Sandke's band -- Michael Hashim on alto and soprano saxophones, Bobby Pring on trombone, Mr. Sandke and his brother Randy, both playing trumpets -- are veterans of the Widespread Jazz Orchestra and are very much at home in the world of dancing jazz.
A10 The restoration of electricity in Iraq after the allied bombing of power plants is in a state of constant crisis.
Lowell P. Weicker Jr. said the ruling protected the state's commitment to help all of its distressed cities with its "full faith and credit," which would have been jeopardized had Bridgeport won and become the nation's first major city to enter bankruptcy court.
"My grandmother lived to 114 and my grandfather to 110, that was on my father's side," he said.
With all respect to Ms. Evangelista, the important part will come at the party, when Kenar, a New York sportswear company, will present a check for $25,000 to Ads Against AIDS.
To store an image, a laser beam is split into two parts.
They don't contend that smoking is a civil right.
The exceedingly interesting program -- by Ives, Shostakovich and Schubert -- took the listener's mind off the environmental problems, namely an uncomfortable sense of distance from the music and the resulting emphatic style of performance calculated to overcome it.
The 50,000-square-foot former Moran Generating Station, another neglected waterfront structure, could house an aquarium, a planetarium and a research center, city planners say.
"I don't know how you could contemplate coping with the situation," Mr. Vreeland said.
COREY MILLER , inside linebacker, sixth round.
Like Arthur Watson, his predecessor as the president of NBC Sports, Dick Ebersol isn't shy about leading the CBS-Has-Ruined-Network-Sports Police.
Creating "drop-caps," the oversized initials at the start of a column of text, is an ordeal on some advanced publishing programs.
At a D-RAM price of $5, such a machine would still cost $150.
"I looked at Peter and he just said, to hell with it, and we ran for a chopper."
The Dow lost 13.36 points yesterday, its fifth consecutive decline.
Other food delivery services also report steady growth in demand.
Separately, some nervousness occurred before the meeting of the Group of Seven finance ministers this weekend in Thailand.
With rebel forces only 65 miles from the Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa, and dispirited Government troops heading back toward the city, the United States advised all Americans today to leave the country as it appeared to be falling into anarchy.
In the past week, the city has spent $225,000 on the guns.
But could the company perhaps be interested in adding a smidgen of a print, say, on the arm, or as part of the back?
All or Nothing In proposing a new, comprehensive approach for settling the treaty issues, the Americans told the Soviets that they must accept the plan in full, officials said, or its separate elements would be invalid.
Then I came here and had 100-concert seasons, with the best orchestras and concert halls."
"The case was so reminiscent of a fairy tale, and I suppose that's why I reacted immediately to it," Ginzburg says.
An April wedding is planned.
He continued: "This was cleared through our legal counsel and through the White House as well."
"Cat lovers have won a war but the battle is just beginning," she declared in an op-ed piece in The Syracuse Herald-American.
It also announced plans for demonstrations, a strike and a boycott.
I mean, look at Mike Royko out in Chicago.
"And a good track record does not mean volatile earnings.
April 18 -- The Home Care Council's fund-raising awards dinner at 7 P.M. at the Grand Hyatt Hotel, on 42d Street at Grand Central Terminal, will honor Assemblyman Richard N. Gottfried, Democrat of Manhattan, the chairman of the Committee on Health, and City Councilwoman Mary G. Pinkett, Democrat of Brooklyn.
"We lived near two satellite dishes that were on the cliffs.
Donna DiSchiullo performed the ceremony at the Unitarian Universalist Fellowship.
b-Net lossThe net income for the full year 1990 included an extraordinary tax benefit of $ 190.9 million; and a non-recurring gain of about $ 1.2 billion in the first quarter from the sale of some of the company's southeastern cellular operations to Contel Cellular Inc. and the consolidation for accounting purposes of Lin Broadcasting as of March 5, 1990.Revenue represented net revenue.
Drabek, a 22-game winner last season, lost games early this season, staggering to a 2-7 record by May 22.
The Mayor compared the officers to soldiers in the Persian Gulf, saying they were fighting a war in the city's tough neighborhoods.
A gold kachina mask stares out from his pendant of semiprecious stones.
This sort of story is constantly turning up in the news, people are constantly crying outrage, everyone is constantly saying something ought to be done, and that's the end of it.
Dr. M. Donald Blaufox, who was the principal researcher for the study at the Albert Einstein Medical College in the Bronx, said some doctors had resisted treating systolic hypertension in the elderly because they felt it might be a natural process the body used to overcome the effects of hardening of the arteries and still pump the amount ot blood the body needed.
"Right now, I don't have any advice for him," said the 31-year-old Johnson.
Many are thought to be fragments of long-since-disintegrated planets, and others could be material that never coalesced into planets.
At his best, Mr. Auletta knows that character is not the whole of corporate destiny.
His plan, he said, was to give media people uniforms.
Mr. Dinkins could have led off the parade at 11 A.M. and still had time to join Division 7, which is midway in the march, for its 1:15 P.M. scheduled start.
The United Nations agency charged with halting the spread of nuclear weapons plans to tighten up its inspection regime.
21 gh Qb5) Nd4 21 Rd4 Bf6!
Such efforts are an attempt in part to alleviate the problems of Europe's computer industry, in which European producers have just one-third of the Continent's $60 billion computer market and are inconsequential in the supercomputer and microprocessor markets.
But with excellent technique, Speelman preferred to win the a7 pawn by setting up 36 Qe7!
But do the American people really scorn Senator Nunn's reasoning?
Dear reader, it was an hour of childhood hell, intensified by knowing that classmates who had stayed behind had nothing to do but doze while listening to music, however awful.
The hero thus anticipates the opportunity to administer well-deserved punishment.
"I left because there was a sense of disarray," said Dan Frank, who quit his job as editorial director of Viking this year to join Pantheon as a senior editor.
"It happens to be me this time."
That starts an argument that can get heated, Mr. Usiskin said.
Both nations had reasons to fear the intentions of the other, but why should American fears of Japan take moral precedence over Japanese fears of America?
The strongest interest in the city is found in Westchester and Rockland Counties.
Lamont Morgan grabbed the loose ball for Georgetown and drove to the basket.
In a letter last week to Secretary of State James A. Baker 3d and the Soviet Foreign Minister, Aleksandr A. Bessmertnykh, the United Nations Secretary General, Javier Perez de Cuellar, appealed to the superpowers to help cut the "Gordian knot" in the negotiations.
He succeeds Walter A. Forbes, who will continue as chief executive and chairman.
It has already reached an agreement with the teachers' union to defer part of its recent wage increase.
The gap between the spoken and unspoken is also bridged by statement , which can be made wordlessly in "a fashion statement," and by idiom , as in "the idiom of pantomime."
Mr. Rowe told employees today that the company hoped to eliminate many of the 1,500 jobs through attrition.
In 1957 he began to direct Beethoven courses at Positano, Italy, and maintained a home there since then.
Noticeable breakthroughs came this season from Julie Janus, with a gorgeously centered look in her extensions; from Valerie Madonia, who can project wit and sexiness, and from Deborah Dawn, mixing impetuousness with refinement.
One radio station interrupted its programming to take calls from listeners, a majority of whom urged all residents to stay calm.
Discover that the museum's replica, made of polyurethane, steel and Fiberglas, is based on a female captured off South Georgia Island in 1925.
"When you try to put together a package from a record that's 20 to 25 years old, it can be difficult to do everything as well as it can be done," he said.
Though they number fewer than 2,000, the Quinaults have played a major role in the drive for self-government.
Follow signs leading north from the center of the village.
At that level, the dollar was lower against the mark than before the coup.
A BellSouth unit agreed to buy mobile telephone systems in 18 Midwestern markets from McCaw for a total of $410 million.
The teachers' union, Ms. Corona said, often uses fund-raisers for lobbying purposes.
Under the Orphan Drug Act of 1983, the first company to win F.D.A.
Saberhagen took a 3.10 earned run average into the game.
Some Fear Industry Ruin Some are already complaining that Sony, by leaving consumers dizzy with yet another incompatible technology, is risking ruin for the industry.
But when the whole thing started, James O'Halloran and Kevin Foley were working in Tortola in the British Virgin Islands, where, Mr. O'Halloran said, "wacky things" happen.
THERE may not be a whole lot of reasons to keep a close eye on the Yankees this year, but one date bears watching: Old-Timers Day, July 27, 1991.
The payments to Southern will be made through 1999.
When the crystals no longer dissolve, the proportions are correct.
Professor Wellington stresses the importance of the 14th Amendment's due process clause in various cases.
The property that brought them all together is "White Sands," a mystery written by Daniel Pyne, whose credits include "Pacific Heights" and "The Hard Way," and produced for Morgan Creek Productions by William Sackheim and Scott Rudin.
The man, Daniel Villalon, now 68 years old, was released by the Coast Guard station here on Friday and left with a sister who, like Mr. Villalon, did not want to speak with reporters, a spokesman for the service said.
He produced a music that was sophisticated, full of detail and resources, and emotionally satisfying.
By contrast, in the summer, the rainy season, the capital has 23 or 24 rainy days a month.
The potential for development of that character, the representative of a faceless breed, those "clients" Sunshine refers to as "creeps" or "perverts," is considerable.
The intelligence establishment maintains a network of "watch officers" who confer regularly by telephone about trouble spots.
In one of the crowded, noisy strangers' rooms -- cafeterias -- at the House of Commons, Tony Benn, the radical Labor Member of Parliament, brews a pot of tea and tries to explain why people like him seem to be in such a minority these days.
fg, she had no intention of giving Black counterchances in the endgame after 31 Qg6?!
A. I characterize that if I had found myself asked the specific question in April 1986 confronted with the directive from the President I would in effect seek time to go back and say that I had been confronted with this situation, that I had to respond to the committee, and that the only possibilities were either to tell them about the finding or to go back and tell them that I had been directed by the President not to answer the question.
Principles don't even come into it when Mitch, in fear for his life, agrees to work undercover for the F.B.I.
The rebel Turkish Kurds, grouped under the outlawed Kurdish Labor Party, have been fighting since 1984 for a separate state.
Members of grass-roots groups like Mr. Smith's say veterans often respond better when treated together.
Amy herself is a creature of the late Victorian social system, no more evil than a Dallas debutante who would refuse to move with her boyfriend into a slum.
The archaic Blenheim School, a ruin "politely wasting away," represents "the decay and rot of our Africa," the headmaster declares.
(Only 4.2 percent of families include four illegitimate children.)
"I hope that it makes her realize that someone cares."
He will make an enormous concrete wall come tumbling down at the start of "Palermo, Palermo," a 1990 work that will receive its American premiere Saturday when Miss Bausch's Tanztheater Wuppertal opens at the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
This meets Environmental Protection Agency recommendations in most parts of the country for minimum insulation in this area of a house, and easily fits the depths of the spaces, called bays, between floor joists.
If the sisters both win again, they will face each other in the semifinals.
A racing clinic may be the answer.
Pat Borders followed with a grounder to short that seemed to have a good chance of being turned into a double play, but Velarde rushed in, bobbled the ball and did not have any play at all.
"He was a good father," Ms. Little said.
Scientists say the new materials represent a new state of matter that was previously unavailable.
It's not as if the Giants' backup quarterback were a journeyman or an untested rookie.
to link photography to political policy.
Still, using a contraceptive consistently and correctly is a far more certain way for a sexually active woman to maintain good health than not using one.
At Informix's option, Hewlett-Packard could also purchase up to an additional 5 percent of newly issued shares through Feb. 4, 1992.
And then I had a flash.
"If I have to share a bathroom, I prefer sharing it with children," said Mary Sykes (Sisi) Cahan.
This is because mammography tends to get less of a jump on breast cancers in younger women, in whom breast cancers tend to grow faster, and more cancers in such women are likely to reach a lethal stage between exams that are done biennially.
As he recognizes all too well, O'Keeffe, brought up in Minnesota, is the very essence of what was being called a modern woman, bold, independent, unafraid.
Indeed, Carol Publishing has eight publicists, compared with just six editors, an unusual ratio reflecting Mr. Schragis's conviction that selling books is largely about "making it easy for reporters to write about them."
The SNC Group, an engineering and construction group in Quebec, said it was acquiring the engineering arm of the troubled Lavalin Inc. to form the biggest engineering consulting group in Canada.
Let 'em fly commercial, get in line, wait three hours, get their baggage lost.
Implications for U.S. Strategy Such behavior would seem to have implications for how the Bush Administration conceives its role in this process, as well as for the timetable it has set for its own direct involvement.
If he returns it, the commission has four more weeks to revise the list to satisfy the White House.
Your editorial is not only misguided but also misleading.
Riots in Kisangani The state television reported riots in another central city, Kisangani, and in the mining towns of Kolwezi and Likasi.
To the uninitiated, it can be startling to discover how much disagreement there is at the top.
He simply never let go.
Few things are more photogenic than a boy and his horse, especially when the filly is the rowdy offspring of a loco mare and the lad is determined to salvage her over the objections of a stern and disapproving parent.
Even as the people of Phnom Penh ready themselves for the return of the prince, their exhilaration is tempered by the knowledge that the dreaded Khmer Rouge will soon return to the capital as well.
Immense Obstacles Cited Despite these areas of identification, the obstacles to understanding the life and work, particularly the life style, of the Prague-born Kafka were immense, Mr. Karl said.
WITH: Les Baum, Lia Chang, Mark Dillahunt, Joseph Fuqua, Joey L. Golden, Vivian Lanko, Julie Moses, Hugh Palmer and Damian Young.
Those nine cities are Los Angeles, Houston, Chicago, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Milwaukee, San Diego and Hartford.
"We were just looking last year, but the interest rates were very high, and I knew that the interest rates would go lower," said Mrs. Day, a 32-year-old editorial assistant for an airline magazine.
He moved his daughter to a nursing home in Hibbing, Minn., a five-hour drive from Ms. Thompson's home in Clearwater, a village near St.
He graduated from Ripon College.
Rabbit Fricassee With Tomatoes and White Wine Total time: 45 minutes to one hour 1 rabbit, cut into eight pieces Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper to taste 3 tablespoons olive oil 1 cup dry white wine 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves 3 cloves garlic, boiled in their skins 2 tomatoes, peeled and chopped 1 tablespoon unsalted butter.
Consumer credit includes all consumer loans except mortgages and home-equity debt.
The account, which has a budget of $2 million to $3 million, was previously handled by Mendelsohn/Zien, also of Los Angeles.
Tour or European tour have to go down."
Jersey City, too, has developed a split personality.
"Let's not misread our mandate," she said.
He is smart and competitive and makes few mistakes.
And, by doing so, he has accomplished an All-Star first with three consecutive victories by one manager.
I think this delusion may have started in a serious way at places like Colonial Williamsburg."
The only number, I'm hoping for right now is No.
-- but for very different reasons.
Mr. Abu Bakr, who is now in prison, may have failed in his purpose, but he helped revitalize the nation's music.
There, in a small suite of several undecorated offices, just beyond a tiny waiting room where, curiously enough, most of the magazines are at least a year old, the Tabatnecks keep tabs on a loosely knit nationwide registry of psychic consultants, each of whom must fill out an application and provide evidence of experience as a reader of minds.
But the Senate wrangled into the night, and it was not clear when the Senate adjourned tonight whether the measure would come to a vote before the weekend.
The house plans have been modified to cater to Asian buyers.
Javelin - Patrik Boden, Texas.
A pink mask helped turn Keni Arja, Mr. Arja's sister, into another young man.
Mr. Pactor is a ringmaster of fabric styling.
The Cubs didn't hit the baseball that hard.
Or it may have been one of those random events of war, unplanned by President Hussein.
Born on Imbros The conflict between the Turkish Government and the Patriarchate has been exacerbated in recent years by the conflict between Turkey and Greece over Cyprus.
In July the agency issued general guidelines saying that health-care workers should be tested for the viruses that cause AIDS and hepatitis B, and that those infected should stop doing certain "exposure-prone procedures" until they get permission from a panel of experts and have informed their patients.
We talked technology, and I remembered a friend who is generally a smart fellow but who knows NOTHING.
He has proposed no major changes.
He is expected to praise the Chinese for their recent participation in talks on arms proliferation in the Middle East and nuclear-weapons programs in the Korean peninsula, while criticizing them on nuclear cooperation with Algeria and Iran and missile cooperation with Pakistan and Syria.
Lima Without Power 66 Days Attacks on electric power pylons left this city of seven million people without power for 66 days last year.
* Alan B. Johnson has been promoted to senior vice president of Mullen Advertising, Wenham, Mass., from vice president and director of media services.
Grant Tinker, a former chairman of NBC and now an independent producer, said he would include anti-drug material in programs "whenever a story comes along that looks adaptable."
First-quarter earnings have been restated to reflect the company's increased ownership of a methanol plant effective Jan. 1.The company is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange.Results are in Canadian dollars.
It is unclear how much oil has gushed from the Sea Island Terminal 10 miles off Kuwait, although Defense Department estimates ranged up to several million barrels, which at 42 gallons to the barrel would be more than 125 million gallons.
Well, it meant little to me.
Mr. Rostropovich took unusually slow tempos, and with few exceptions -- the pictorial writing of "In diesem Wetter, in diesem Braus," for one -- he kept its coloration surprisingly pale.
North of Little Havana is Miami's other ethnic enclave.
The elder Chenier died in 1987, a week after passing on his accordion to his son Clifton Joseph.
1 U.S. carrier in 1990 and 1989 by the Conde Nast Traveler, and Air Transport World's airline of the world last year," said Greg Witter, the airline's manager of media relations.
On the Commodity Exchange in New York, gold for current delivery fell $1.20 an ounce, to a late bid of $356.30.
Noah makes house calls here not only for sexual purposes (at one point he discusses itemization and deductions while in the heat of passion) but also to study photographic evidence by which he reconstructs the value of his clients' past lives.
Camping outside designated sites is free; check with park offices about camping permits and areas where camping is prohibited.
* Saab Automobile A.B., Stockholm, a unit of Saab-Scania A.B., said General Motors Corp., Detroit, had placed orders of more than $100 million with 17 suppliers recommended by Saab.
A Most Distinguished Outing He'll certainly take 35 or so of the starts Gooden masterminded yesterday.
Angered by what they say was an orchestrated scare, apple growers here have filed suit against the Natural Resources Defense Council, the nonprofit environmental group whose analysis led to the news storm; Fenton Communications, a public relations company hired by the council to direct the news campaign, and the CBS News program "60 Minutes," which broadcast an illustration of a skull and crossbones over an apple in its report on Alar.
All classes at City College, Borough of Manhattan Community College and Hostos Community College in the Bronx remained canceled again yesterday.
That will open it up to significant competition from generic versions of the anti-ulcer drug.
He said he owes at least $348,000 in interest and principal to the two Arkansas banks.
Hours later, Mr. Maxwell's body was found in the Atlantic Ocean.
In our paranoia regarding date rape, we wander far afield from the violent act of forced penetration apparently to find an all-inclusive definition for stereotype male behavior.
Domestic details set the stage for their antics.
Dornier is a division of Deutsche Aerospace and a member of the Daimler-Benz group.
Miss Buckley and her fiance have law degrees from Boston College, where Miss Buckley, 26 years old, received her undergraduate degree.
He said that Kevin Maxwell had informed him of his decision to resign in a telephone call yesterday from London.
The 153-page encyclical, Vatican officials said, is the result of almost five years of work.
Starting in January, workers will be rated on their overall contribution to I.B.M.
Right now, that will be easy for Democrats.
Unlike Grey, none of those highly cultivated singers sounds as if she would know what to do with a flesh-and-wool sheep.
Morris's homer off Mark Wohlers (1-1), the fourth Atlanta pitcher, was his first hit since the All-Star Game break and broke an 0-for-17 slump.
He said that Chartwell's chances of winning additional board seats in the proxy fight did not look good.
But he agreed to the interview because Concerned Citizen was amenable, and it might help raise funds.
Although neither they nor their doctors know it, they often experience myocardial ischemia, a temporary shortage of oxygen-rich blood to part of the heart usually caused by blockages in the arteries.
Daniel Druckman, a percussionist who has frequently been heard with new-music groups and chamber ensembles, has joined the percussion section of the New York Philharmonic.
The suit, against the endowment and its chairman, John E. Frohnmayer, was filed in Federal District Court in Los Angeles by the National Association of Artists' Organizations and four stage performers -- Karen Finley, Holly Hughes, John Fleck and Tim Miller -- whose grant applications were rejected by the arts endowment last year.
He also said the public relations and business cost had been weighed before his superiors decided to go ahead with the filing.
Hill, 23, graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point.
They are legitimate contenders for the N.B.A.
Information and reservations: (212) 627-1732.
The unanimous ruling by the five-member court overturned a decision by Acting Justice Walter M. Schackman of State Supreme Court in Manhattan.
"People are living in fear of deportation."
Nearby, Chris Hayes of Greenwich, who teaches tennis at the Shippan Racquet Club in Stamford, was busily stringing racquets, too, before hurrying off to classes at Fairfield University, where he is a senior.
"Some of these people were earning salaries of more than $100,000," she said.
The policeman mopped his brow and only shrugged, glancing silently at Mr. Rahim, who is old at 51 years, frail and hollow-eyed.
Both have strong anti-inflation credentials, partially because the Bundesbank as an institution has an anti-inflation bias and the president is just one of 18 decision makers.
You got it,' and runs from the police," Mr. Simmons said.
The squeeze on psychiatric care is likely to be felt throughout the economy.
He taught Renaissance literature at Harvard from 1964 to 1968 before returning to Princeton as a professor of English.
"That's a good way to end the year," Arbour said.
A group of children buzzed around a world map and painted in the countries.
"Unless of course, the Government is saying to us that they are incapable of controlling their own police and army.
As in Joseph Heller's satirical World War II novel, in which almost everything came with a catch, those most interested in fighting in the Persian Gulf are often finding the military a hard place to join, and those the military most wants may be harder to recruit.
Firing tear gas, police officers drove the protesters from the building and arrested 47 people.
A marathon runner herself, Ms. Sloan said her only difficulty with the walk would be "holding myself back from running."
I mean, this isn't exactly the best place in the city to have a secret assignation."
He is a millionaire at 2 and already a 5-1 shot to win the Kentucky Derby at 3.
The land bridge is now submerged under the Bering Strait.
"The police saying there is no conspiracy defies the evidence at this time."
Allow both to dry before attaching paneling; caulk the seams again after the paneling is installed.
Production has dropped 50 percent.
Eifert ordered 5,000 tomahawks, prompting Braddy to quit his $60,000-a-year job.
Small rodents had come in the night and carried it away bit by bit on tiny padded feet."
This position has been hurting us until now.
MERLE HAGGARD will receive the Award of Merit at the America Music Awards ceremony on Jan. 28 in Los Angeles.
Although such a resolution is before Japan's Parliament, President Bush's refusal last week to apologize for dropping the atomic bomb on Hiroshima and Nagasaki made action on any such apology remote.
Texas 65, Rice 64 AUSTIN, Tex.
"It becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy," Ms. Shern said.
THE MADNESS OF A SEDUCED WOMAN, by Susan Fromberg Schaeffer.
He said the Correction Department did not properly specify to contractors that they would be evaluated on cost as well as technical qualifications.
The only way they can do this is on the basis of very serious allegations, not something nebulous like 'cooling down the polarization of the city.'
Then, with vestiges of the fair remaining, the park was born.
They often attend night classes after working from dawn to dusk in construction, hospitality and service jobs.
The kiss in the title is given by a mysterious old man to a young bride just before her wedding, and the two exchange souls -- to the confusion of the husband.
His lawyer, Donna Bennick, said Mr. Saunders was beaten on July 17 on Rikers Island, where he has been held since his arrest.
It is still a young troupe in a country where ballet is an imported form -- the company was founded in 1948 by Mikiko Matsuyama and Masao Shimizu, who are the parents of Tetsutaro Shimuzu -- Miss Morishita's husband.
The 1992 realization of the European Community adds urgency to the proceedings.
"There's no doubt he's lost a step, but when he's healthy, he still moves better than most guys," said a 40-year- old Connors contemporary, Tom Gullikson, who is Jennifer Capriati's coach.
The test will be whether The New York Daily News can survive in a competitive climate.
"Politically, the Fed cannot afford to sit on its hands, even though economically that might be the best thing for them to do," said Phillip E. Peters, chief investment officer at Boatmen's Bancshares in St. Louis.
Below Level Through Day "We have not seen the funds rate trade under its target for this long a period in many, many months," one Government securities trader said.
* Office Depot Inc., Boca Raton, Fla., an office supply retailer, will sell 1.43 million common shares at $28 each to Carrefour Ltd. for about $40 million.
If Latin America's unbridled population growth continues, demographic projections will become realities, dooming free trade zones and other economic measures to failure.
So much of it is poring through financial documents, dealing with routine issues."
The charges against Patton, some of the most serious in a series against the football program and its players, again raises the questions of whether the end justifies the means and whether the university can control the conduct of its athletes.
He issued decrees declaring the actions of the junta unconstitutional and assuming temporary control over all government and security forces on Russian territory.
Surhoff tripled in two runs and later scored on a wild pitch.
In addition, a survey released yesterday by ABC News and Money magazine showed that 47 percent of the respondents planned to spend less this Christmas, up from 38 percent last year, the most in the seven years of polling by the organizations.
Then, he said, he was thrown face down in a pool of water in his cell, where he remained without treatment or food for a day and a half.
Mr. and Mrs. Victor Futter of Port Washington, L.I., have announced the engagement of their daughter Deborah Gail Futter to William David Cohan, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Paul Cohan of Worcester, Mass.
But I didn't sprint until the last 10 meters when I saw the clock.
Sensors in the tracks can even tell when a wheel is getting hot, warning that a bearing may be about to cause the wheel to lock.
Prince doesn't cede the entire album to hip-hop attempts, but his melodic pop side has been downgraded.
Still, Ward's Automotive Reports said the inventory of cars and light trucks had fallen below three million for the first time in eight months, allowing auto makers to keep factories running at a fast pace.
Second, that he has a tough time making up his mind.
The family was poor, and he attended the private Wooster School in Danbury on a scholarship.
On "The Maury Povich Show" this week, Barney Rosenzweig, the creator and executive producer of "Rosie O'Neill," spoke about negotiations with CBS: "They made certain concessions to me and I made certain concessions to them."
Passenger traffic on the rail system has increased 2 percent to 3 percent since the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait in August, he said.
Pittsburgh Steelers running back TIM WORLEY, who hasn't played this season because of injuries and off-field problems, was suspended yesterday for six games for violating the National Football League's drug policy.
But later, when he learned that the death penalties had been changed to life imprisonment, he said he was unhappy, because he feared terrorist reprisals as long as prisoners were held.
Many Failed to Register A fiscal statement issued in February by the Assembly said $4.5 million a year was being raised by the fees.
Economist's Expectations "We would expect to see a further decline in yields," Mr. Frank said, "although we are coming into the season when there are short-term rises in yields because of the squeeze on short-term funds at year-end due to window-dressing by institutions hoping to improve the look of their balance sheets."
The Housing Department in 1989 found that she voted on several matters related to the agency despite instructions by its lawyerattorney not to do so.
Master at Hogging Scioscia should know.
A Brooklyn fifth grader wrote Mr. Dinkins that the Mayor was "quite spiteful" to close a branch in the boy's neighborhood.
The food rates an appreciative salute as well.
The Pollution Issue While subsidies load the dice, differing standards for cleaning up air and water are another, and growing, source of trade distortion.
No matter who starts against the Flames, McVie will be criticized.
Where he must sustain a violin or cello line that decays on the keyboard, he replaces the tinkling or blurry tremolos Liszt might have used in favor of internal countermelodies of his own invention.
But that is out of the question.
Another 1941 personality, Leo Durocher, who managed the Brooklyn Dodgers to the National League pennant that year before losing to the Yankees in the World Series, understood DiMaggio's majesty.
A Gamble by Kohl Chancellor Kohl's policy is a gamble that diplomatic isolation will force Serbian leaders to accept defeat.
The Reuters news agency reported that Mr. Tyner, whose real name was Robert Derminer, was found near his home in the suburb of Berkley, slumped behind the wheel of his car, not breathing and with an irregular pulse.
Maintaining that the school's Organizational Court is a state agency operating in "quasi-judicial fashion," the 21-year-old journalism major and her lawyers argue that such nondisclosure violates the First Amendment and two state laws that guarantee the public's right of access to judicial proceedings.
A particularly strong effort was made by the Philadelphia Museum of Art, in Mr. Annenberg's home city, which produced a conspicuously fine catalogue for the collection and displayed the paintings in an installation that was a model of sensitivity.
The alleged violations were captured on a videotape made secretly by university police from an air vent adjacent to the classroom.
; his mother, Cecelia, and a sister, Nancy Watkins, both of Franklin, Tenn.
But the fans like the way Jennifer communicates, by laughing, by smiling.
Sampras, who had hoped to use the Stadium Court like a backyard court, was never comfortable.
Gutkowski was criticized for lavishing $500 million on the Yankees, but he said the deal transformed the cable network into a 52-week enterprise.
Reconstructing economies that have been devastated by central planning is even more difficult than reconstruction from the devastation of war.
My message is one of abstinence as a first rule to them, because we don't deviate from what our church holds.
The original census in the 5,000-block sample may have counted 200 in this group, while the post-census survey may have found 202.
Joanne Therese Marren, a vice president and associate general counsel of the Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States, was married yesterday to Alan Goldman, a private investment banker and business consultant in New York and New Jersey.
In Hebrew, the nouns for parts of the body that occur in pairs are feminine (yad, a hand; regel, a foot; ayin, an eye), while those parts of the body not duplicated are masculine (rosh, head; peh, mouth).
The Bulls have won 20 in a row at home.
"Bog," she informs us, "is a slang word for toilet, and when you hear bog, you know the toilet will be a battered and smelly one, and that there will be no toilet paper."
"It covers over the fact that we don't know what's going on."
Apparently, there was a time when advertising messages were not uncommon on hangers.
Not that we are hurting for opportunities; he has become a very, almost uncomfortably, busy performer these past few years.
Attacks on Baghdad diminished because of poor weather, air force officers reported, but a bridge and a communications post were destroyed.
But this summer's zoological superstar was awake!
The bridegroom's previous marriage ended in divorce.
Sort of like a pump version of Tiger Balm, this white cream is designed, well, for your peace of mind.
The Sept. 4 incident formed part of "a worsening spiral of gang shootings, stabbings and beatings linked to the spread throughout the West of youth gangs from Los Angeles," said Lieut.
Britain's representative, Sir David Hannay, said the resolution showed the Security Council has "no quarrel with the Iraqi people who have suffered greatly at the hands of their leaders."
Calling the fence line a "last vestige" of the walls of Communism, he reminded Gitmo-ites of the upcoming Defense Exercises, one of several mock invasions the Navy stages each year.
Boeing, which recorded the highest sales, earnings and backlog in its history last year, is using its own money to pay for its expansion.
She is a sales representative for Russell Stover Candies in Kansas City, Mo.
The infatuation lasted roughly until he saw the fun another musical Mississippi boy, one named Elvis, was having with a guitar.
That was suggested to Tower by the union members of the pension fund's trustees and accepted by management members, according to lawyers representing disatisfied beneficiaries.
If you develop a rash, itch or tingle after exposing your sun-screened body to the sun, check the ingredients and look for a product without the likely culprit, for example, one that uses a cinnamate instead.
COCO PAZZO, 23 East 74th Street, Manhattan; (212) 794-0205.
19 Oklahoma 21, Oklahoma St. 6 NORMAN, Okla. (AP) -- Mike Gaddis ran for 203 yards on 35 carries as Oklahoma (8-2, 5-1) beat Oklahoma State (0-9-1, 0-5-1) for the 15th straight time and set up an important season finale against Nebraska.
Two motions are now before Congress to end that fast-track authority.
That's sound; to cut more during a recession would be reckless.
But some students and their parents don't buy that argument.
The 15-screen Commack Multiplex, one of 90 theaters owned by National Amusements of Dedham, Mass., is a white, antiseptic, rambling building just off Exit 52 of the Long Island Expressway.
Another appeal, by the Skyhook II Project, says: "We're close to making contact with an American P.O.W.
The established clubs just have too much power."
The sessions outside the soup kitchen are part of a still novel program to treat the most difficult-to-reach segment of the mentally ill population, the homeless mentally ill.
The first, "Rituals for Victuals," sets the show's sociohistoric scheme.
(The catalogue is $2, refunded on first order).
That's the way I see it.
He was also flight director for Apollo 8, a mission that orbited the moon; for Gemini 11, a mission that docked with an Agena satellite, and for Gemini 12, in which Maj. Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. performed a two-hour spacewalk.
"Why didn't you use a better tape?
Critically, the thinking seems to be that if you write too many hits, they can't be that good.
That song made it to the top-10 spot on the pop-music charts.
He contended that the flight was operated not by his company, but by the aircraft sales company.
Praise for Lipman Approach "Matt Lipman's approach is very interesting," said Dr. Margolis, a psychologist at the academy who will help establish the Soviet philosophy for children program.
The defense team used an unusual strategy, arguing that its clients, Joey Tranchina and Camille Anacabe, broke the law to prevent a greater danger.
Major league baseball owners have decided to review the ways in which baseball conducts its annual June draft of high school and college athletes, introducing the possibility of securing more leverage in negotiations and changing the relationship between amateurs and professionals.
A few weeks ago, the game had all the allure of a grand spectacle.
Even the response to the ARCO reports "might be a little quick on the draw," said Stephen W. Platt, an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
The Warriors admittedly were considering revising Chris Mullin's contract, supposedly at Falk's behest, to a level that would have moved him above Ewing in salary, meaning that Ewing clearly would no longer be one of the four highest-paid players.
There were two children and the pressure of the divorce caused one of the children to become depressive.
But we'll just keep working on this."
But a set of new sanctions that could ultimately force millions of drivers from their cars, has done more to promote mass transit -- and to discourage new highway construction -- than any politician possibly could.
Summing Things Up McEnroe described the loss as yet another case of his wilting in the face of the big points, the ones he used to be able to toss back across the net like daggers.
Operating income for the department store division, which includes the Dayton Hudson and Marshall Field stores, rose slightly because of the contribution of the Field stores, the company said.
Indeed, the best time at Le Pactole is sunset, when an orange fireball drops behind the Colgate clock in Jersey City, making it the most romantic tube of toothpaste in the world.
But remember an important factor with these plants: they do best when grown in full sun.
According to Barbara Shaw, patient travel coordinator for the National Medical Care chain of dialysis centers, Medicare does not cover dialysis outside the United States.
Her husband, who is known as Chris, graduated from Hamilton College and received an M.B.A from Columbia University.
And communicating is an important part of his job, a job he has performed so well that the New York Board of Rabbis has selected him its first Rabbi of the Year.
Lloyd Hanes and Karen Valentine played idealists in "Room 222" (1969-74; ABC), created by James L. Brooks.
Her mother is a registered nurse at Bethany Methodist Hospital in Chicago.
Bakers and Builders, 4851 Melvin Heights Road, Camden, Me.
He said he hoped it would attract innovative directors, writers and voice specialists from Britain and around the world.
Should we apply a sealer again or would a polyurethane be better?
For the second day in a row, two astronauts of the shuttle Atlantis ventured outside for spacewalks, this time not in response to an emergency but for planned tests of equipment and techniques for moving about while constructing an orbiting space station.
Bit by bit, the population trickles out to greet Belle and gossip about her, while she herself bemoans the small-mindedness of the place.
Though all the Mexico funds are still discounted, with their prices below the values of their net assets, the discounts vary.
He is with the Caryl Hull Design Group in Brookline.
In a separate case Exxon agreed to pay up to $1 billion to settle civil complaints.
For the Administration, all chips are the same.
Iraq's position is a far cry from the growing international support for a "right of humanitarian intervention."
"So my earliest assignments were chasing deserters from the Army, Navy and Air Force during the Korean War.
We thought the nepotism, the censorship, the inability of women to vote or be elected to office and the old way of governing would be abolished.
Mexico has since become concerned that the panel's decision could hurt its chances of winning a free-trade agreement with the United States, and the two countries have been successfully maneuvering to prevent the panel's report from becoming official.
About 40 percent of the 100,000 women that Sirbu clinic treats suffer chronic cervical inflammation as a result of back-room abortions, while 10 percent suffer inflammation of other parts of their reproductive systems, he said, adding that those figures are probably representative of the entire female population.
"Serious collectors who haven't added to their collections in two or three years because they refused to pay the high prices are coming back."
But Mr. Slatkin offered some telling comparisons in a brief lecture-demonstration just before the performance, and the composite did have the virtue of keeping the listener unsure of what was coming next.
For instance, many are unaware that New York is a strict "employment at will" state.
Bills calling for some type of insurance coverage are pending in most of the states.
He did not underestimate the role of chance.
The French urban historian Francois Loyer, in his 1988 book, "Paris: 19th Century," summed up that school of thought.
* British Airways P.L.C., London, to Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising , New York, from Backer Spielvogel Bates Inc., New York, for the print portion of its United States advertising account, with estimated billings of $9 million.
All right, then back to numbers one through six.
2, with steely nerve and gentle touch.
Yesterday, though, Mattingly said: "I feel great.
Now a retrospective exhibition of Mr. Grebu's output can be seen at the White Plains Library Gallery, at 100 Martine Avenue, through March 3.
Results Are Not In Mrs. Sabol softened the mandatory-participation requirement by giving women choices.
The financing of eastern Germany's reconstruction is also keeping German interest rates high, to the detriment of the dollar and other major currencies that compete with the Deutsche mark for investors' attention.
"This is not an economy or a society that is going over the cliff," he said.
WITH: Alan Arenius, Philip Brehse, Joanie Fritz, Laura Kolb, Chris Maresca and Pat Russell.
To evoke the atmosphere of New York City, film makers once routinely depicted subway cars smeared with graffiti.
"In many regions, such as the Baltic states or western Ukraine, despite a worsening economic situation, anti-Semitism has not been so sharp," Mr. Shmukler said.
Operating revenues in the quarter were $1.64 billion, compared with $1.63 billion for the first quarter of 1990, a 1 percent increase, Northwest said.
And Mayor David N. Dinkins signed legislation last January requiring the city to begin purchasing vehicles, including buses, using fuels that burn more cleanly than gasoline.
Automobile is a classy little niche-market magazine."
In this environment, for an airline-related company to report positive earnings comparisons is not bad."
Ms. Alter had charged the commission with reverse discrimination after new boundaries moved her out of a mostly black district into a mostly white one.
"J. T. was a very quiet man," Wright said.
If the job is done more economically, he said, that leaves more money to use elsewhere, and keeping the case out of court "can foreclose the industry from appealing the regulations and bringing the process to a stall."
Mr. Ste-Croix was trading barbs with Mr. Dragone on a recent afternoon outside the troupe's blue-and-yellow tent festooned with jaunty pennants snapping in the Hudson River breezes of Battery Park City in Manhattan.
Similarly, an open-space group based in Washington wants the country to designate and preserve at least 10 percent of the highways we already have as a national system of scenic back roads.
In 1941, Mr. Machado and his future brother-in-law started Distribuidora Record, to represent newspaper syndicates and sell comic strips and photographs.
But before the end of the month, arrange to have the heating system checked to beat the rush and prepare for any early cold snaps.
The national debt, just $1 trillion a decade ago, is now $3.5 trillion.
Charges Are Denied Mr. Del Toro has called Mr. Powell's assertions a smear campaign and called the allegations swirling around the Hispanic Housing Task Force baseless.
"We seem to be getting shortchanged by nature," said Bartley Horton, a general contractor who has lived on Fire Island for 53 years.
But even if Nielsen cannot measure prestige, many advertising executives including Mr. Ostrow and Mr. DeWitt believe that CNN's performance during the last several days will inevitably change advertisers' minds.
Today, Iran's army was mounting a dogged effort to feed and shelter the hungry, half-clothed horde still making the trek.
Mr. Jerro, a native of Aleppo, Syria, came to this country in 1921 and was the co-founder, with his three brothers, of Jerro Bros. Inc. Jerro women's shoes and high-heel bedroom slippers were sold nationally in department stores and boutiques, and Mr. Jerro served as president until the company was sold in 1963.
An article on the Law page on Feb. 1 about the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit misstated the background of one member.
Who does the world coalesce around?
Lately, in the Comme des Garcons shop in Manhattan, she doesn't even display her clothes in the window.
The result, of course, is that most people will continue to spell the old way.
Nor is there much conviction here that the bombing has sapped the fighting qualities of the Iraqis or destroyed their capacity to adapt, repair, invent, replace and survive, as populations under air assault have often done.
In "Half Measures," a 1989 poem that winds up this passionate and essential edition of his "Collected Poems," Mr. Yevtushenko writes what seems like a warning in verse to President Mikhail S. Gorbachev: Can there be with honor a half motherland and a half conscience?
Meanwhile, melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat.
Several Mahler symphonies also use voices: strike two.
The Energy Department has repeatedly missed the deadlines, and the fines are increasing by $20,000 a week.
Not when you consider that the average bridal gown at the exclusive Vera Wang Bridal Salon on Madison Avenue in Manhattan costs $3,500.
Bonds also finished the night with a playoff statistical line reading 3 hits in 23 times at bat for a .130 average and no hits in 14 times at bat with runners on base.
Pentagon teams have made repeated trips to the Soviet Union in preparing for the deal.
When you go in a casino, everybody knows you right away.
How Much for the Writer?
The victim, Joseph Ernst, of 130 Willmohr Street in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn, was found at 3:15 A.M., shot once behind the right ear and slumped over the wheel of his cab in front of 419 East 13th Street.
Although the Soviet Union and its former allies in Eastern Europe have dismantled the Warsaw Pact military alliance, an estimated 250,000 Soviet troops remain in eastern Germany and 50,000 are in Poland.
The decisive run scored when Hubie Brooks, who has succeeded Darryl Strawberry as the cleanup hitter and right fielder, scored on a double steal.
A lot of attention has gone into keeping up both stars' appearances, and their sleek good looks give the film a romantic spirit it might otherwise lack.
2 in the West, ran second in a game but losing race that cast some doubt on his itinerary.
A big mouth has the further advantage of being seen as easily by those at the back of the house as by those in the front, although it probably helps in Ms. Blakeslee's case that she also has eyes like silver dollars.
The real story here is it's hard for people to show patience during difficult times because in the minds of some people, when a team struggles, it's the idea that there is some ineptness or some bad planning or some inability to do the proper job connected with that.
The prevailing optimism among broadcasters was bolstered by a newsletter issued last September by Alvin Davis & Associates of Cincinnati, which called classical music an underdeveloped format.
Perverse sexual practices cast a peculiar light on all our erotic relations because they burlesque full-fledged sexual love in a variety of ways, ranging from the tender to the maudlin, the sardonic to the absurd, the hostile to the violent.
The other is a conservatorship suit filed by Brian Wilson's cousin Stan Love, Mike Love's brother, that seeks to take control of Mr. Wilson's business interests and to return him to writing songs with the Beach Boys.
In the residential areas outside of the din of downtown, many of the older white couples that have lived all their lives here say they refuse to shop in the downtown area because of the traffic and noise and now commute to Long Island instead.
"Congress ought to follow the same laws it imposes on everyone else," he said.
As with used cars, the best values can be found in the classified ads, but so can the lemons.
Add the water, bring to a boil, add the couscous and blend well.
On Friday afternoon, King huddled in a coffee shop at the Mirage with George Foreman's brother, Roy, to talk about a Tyson-Foreman fight, if the Holyfield match does not materialize.
Mr. Thornburgh said that over the past three years the Civil Rights Division had brought criminal charges against 98 law-enforcement officials.
The smoldering indecency of many of his most famous works is shown to be incidental to the wide gamut of human sympathy Lautrec had at his command.
In his current show at the Holly Solomon Gallery, one sculpture is life-size and three paintings reach from the ceiling to the floor.
"There's the war to get Iraq out of Kuwait, and the war to eliminate Saddam Hussein as a threat to the regional stability and security of the Persian Gulf region.
Although many professional athletes have been suspended for substance abuse, Nixon's suspension is one of the few that could have an effect on a championship.
Callers must also provide a Social Security number, which will be used to identify winners and help lottery officials keep minors from playing.
But they also want to be able to reorder garments if they sell well, and many have installed elaborate computer systems to tell them precisely what is in demand.
"Sam I Am," which co-stars Lois Smith, John Christopher Jones, Leslie Lyles and Victor Slezak, is described as a dark comedy about a young boy affected by the events of the adult world, both real and surreal, including the fact that his mother has an affair with that big squirrel.
The plant is in the town of Mihama in Fukui prefecture, about 220 miles west of Tokyo on the Sea of Japan.
Gagne was stranded at second when Dan Gladden flied out and Chuck Knoblauch struck out.
But the tougher war proves, the more investors seek safety, a possible plus for the dollar.
At Oxfordshire and Princeton, such bottles are building-size machines of daunting complexity that have an overall doughnut shape, or that of a torus.
But in the zoning board's offices, hundreds of letters and petitions in three thick folders suggest community opinion is running heavily against fast food.
with the Yankees in 1990, will remain in New York under terms of his current contract ($900,000 in 1991, the final year of a three-year deal).
"It's going to be very, very difficult to get used to this situation.
He was a board member of the Palm Beach Civic Association and previously was a vice president and board member at the West Side Tennis Club in Forest Hills, a director of the U.S. Life Corporation and a member of several organizations in the legal profession.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Picking up on the theme, students aimed sharp criticism at what they called the "rich" national environmental groups for spending too little time on environmental issues that affect urban and rural communities, in the United States and overseas.
"He takes out a long cigar -- that's where I get the habit from," Mr. Sharpton recalled, "and all the press are there and he's giving statements and quips, and I said to myself, 'This is the kind of guy I want to be.'
Many legislators would argue that fairness to small taxpayers requires nothing less.
"On a boat, it's a little more extraordinary."
Shaping the Thighs Exercise bicycles have grown steadily more elaborate in recent years.
They're not famous like Betsy Ross.
Mrs. Ruopp, 56 years old, is the daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. Lincoln Epworth of New York.
Pauley was well-prepared, but her reserved style didn't produce pyrotechnics.
More important, both the Gospels and the written or oral traditions on which they were based were formed "from start to finish," Father Meier says, by religious faith and by the special concerns and theological interpretations of the different groups of Jesus's followers who had preserved, edited and shaped these memories.
In exchange, the republics agreed to abide by the existing order until the new one was ready and to rein in the increasingly militant strikers and demonstrators.
There are reclining chairs called Lydia, Daphne and other characters from romance novels.
Mr. Cuomo recommended that Bundy aid be slashed from $104 million to $57 million.
When auctions become widespread, Mr. Ginsburg added, the taint attaches to all projects.
In the Supreme Court elections last year, Republicans won five of the six seats.
Dawson, unsurprised and unembarrassed, drove the baseball through to center field to score a pair of runs and give the Cubs an advantage they never relinquished.
On Lantau Island, the Park Chalet Apartments, at the Sea Ranch Club, Yi Long Wan, Lantau Island, Hong Kong, 989 2411, charge $120 a night June through September for a one-bedroom unit and $112 a night the rest of the year.
"Weicker has demonized political parties and political leaders, but they have existed in this country for hundreds of years for good reasons," Mr. Droney said.
He resigned from the astronaut corps a year later and became the founding president of High Flight Foundation, an interdenominational evangelical organization based in Colorado Springs.
It opened at the Queens Museum of Art with no fanfare and none of the aura that can accompany big-name topical shows.
The dispute over surveillance flights was another sign of the rancid relations that exist of late between the United States and Israel despite statements from each side that they remain friendly allies at heart.
If the charter airline cooperates, the men play the Bahamas tonight and then presumably play quarterfinals Monday, semifinals next Thursday and the final next Saturday.
If Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir finds himself in effect about to negotiate with the P.L.O., then he will walk out, Israeli officials said.
When the Bell Atlantic Corporation and Ameritech Inc. bought New Zealand's state-owned telephone company last year for $2.4 billion, company officials said they had paid roughly 14 times earnings.
New Jersey officials had confidently planned a four-day "Welcome Home to the Troops" extravaganza centered around someone they considered a safe bet, a native son, Gen. H. Norman Schwarzkopf.
Almost everyone who has seen a man and woman, of wildly disparate age, obviously not father and daughter, has a silent question in mind, particularly if the woman is extraordinarily attractive and the man is not only unattractive but boorish.
The results have been striking.
If the department buys more powerful weapons, officers could continue to use their current weapons but few are likely to do so, Mr. Bannon said.
But the Daughters also know when to bail out.
Arizona's failure to adopt Martin Luther King Day as a paid state holiday will probably result in the game being moved to San Diego or Pasadena, Calif. Tagliabue said that among the league's priorities in 1991 were maintaining competitive quality, maintaining strength and exposure on television, seeking a broader base of sponsors, improving promotion and media relations and enhancing stadium operations.
* Cathy Aromando-Donovan has been promoted to senior vice president at D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles, New York.
The constable was acquitted on a charge of manslaughter, but the Quebec Court of Appeal recently ordered a new trial.
Only a small fraction of the theoretical number of patients infected by their dentists and surgeons would have developed AIDS by this time.
But Mr. Popadiuk said today, "There's no need for anything of that nature."
Analysts said the Labor Department's lawsuits could have long-term repercussions among pension fund managers.
Worse, by retroactively and rigidly imposing an anachronistic feminist agenda on one of the tragic racial cataclysms of the 1960's, Ms.
Israeli officials say new housing already begun in those areas will make it possible to more than double the current population of 110,000 Jews there.
Albert V. Casey, a former chairman of American Airlines and of First Republic Bank of Dallas, is now expected to fill one of L. William Seidman's jobs.
His father is a retired pharmaceuticals executive.
(AP) Volkov-Caratti Final: Starting slowly and heating up only when the match got tight, Aleksandr Volkov of the Soviet Union reached the final of the $600,000 Muratti indoor tournament in Milan, Italy, with a 6-4, 6-3 victory over Jakob Hlasek of Switzerland.
On the other side of a wooden divider across from the bar, tiny tables for two run the length of the front room, ideal for tete-a-tetes, just large enough to hold a steak and kidney pie, or fish and chips.
The fire at the Seavy Plaza on Route 52 was reported at 7:30 P.M. on Sunday.
Among them: increased pressure to assure that American auto makers fare better in Japan and that the Japanese sharply raise their use of American auto parts.
The bridegroom, a graduate of the New York Hotel and Motel School, is the manager of the Chelsea-on-the-Hudson restaurant in Nyack.
Neither the Government of Saddam Hussein nor the substantial relief efforts by the United Nations and private agencies has been able to address this basic need.
The stop in Jordan, which is expected by American officials, would be particularly noteworthy since it would represent at least a partial reconciliation between the two countries.
The oil-and-gas exploration and recovery unit posted a modest increase in profits in the United States to $204 million, from $199 million, because of higher production levels and lower costs.
For a Legislature justly in disrepute, prompt action on these issues could provide a measure of redemption.
The attacks have marred what the authorities have described as an otherwise quiet spring break.
Still, it seems only fair to let him make one other point.
as saying that 10,000 foreigners, including Palestinians, would be expelled from the country for collaboration.
And the wheel represents one flaw in an otherwise neat package: There is no airbag in its hub, and that means passive belts that motor up and over the door frames.
The 1989's, probably better than the 1988's -- and more expensive -- should arrive soon.
The promotion, done only in Atlanta, included about 70 billboards, half for pizza and half for spaghetti.
Critis also say the lottery injects an element of randomness at a time when United States immigration law is attempting to attract what are considered to be desirable immigrants, with new provisions inviting people with particular job skills or large amounts of money to invest in businesses.
Representative Ike Skelton Democrat of Missouri The issue, Mr. Speaker, is whether the dream of Franklin Roosevelt will be fulfilled by reliance on the United Nations and the rule of law.
Someone says to me, 'Is he going to be as valuable to me now as he would've been 30 days ago?'
The menu pulls no punches.
"Sitting there with a smile on his face."
John Lindell Massimo Audiello Gallery 142 Greene Street Through tomorrow Tom Cugliani Gallery 508 Greenwich Street Through May 11 John Lindell's exhibition of wall drawings at Audiello constitutes a kind of Kama Sutra for male lovers, except that the different couplings have been reduced to abstract codes, with black circles and ellipses standing for mouths, nipples and other orifices.
Mr. Bakatin has agreed in the last two weeks to lift the remaining K.G.B.
It's delicious stir-fried with other favorite vegetables, ginger and soy.
Inkatha also advocates a free-market economy, while the congress sees the need for some state intervention.
Two rows of tires is not nearly enough."
Traders said the sharp downward move in short-term bill rates yesterday made bidding difficult at yesterday's auction of new three-month and six-month Treasury bills.
In one analysis of returns, he found that on average the correlation between the stocks in one industry sector across Europe was just 0.040, in a measurement where 1.0 means a perfect correlation.
Some of the crew members resorted to sleeping pills.
The Reds automatically renewed the contracts of Oliver, Armstrong, Tim Layana, a pitcher, and Hal Morris, a first baseman, on Monday after they failed to reach agreements.
Most of the important performers were themselves composers.
He added, "They need Tracer to be a successful product, but it shouldn't present much of a problem to Sensor."
"You don't have a choice."
Mr. George is accused of concealing from Congress and Federal investigators the facts that in the mid-1980's Mr. North, then a lieutenant colonel in the Marine Corps, and private aides ran a secret enterprise to arm Nicaraguan contras, or rebels, and that Colonel North financed the operation in part with profits from the secret sale of weapons to Iran.
Joseph Allen performed the ceremony at St. Anthony's Orthodox Church in Bergenfield, N.J. Mrs. Pella, 28 years old, graduated from Pace University and is a paramedic at Holy Name Hospital in Teaneck, N.J.
Botanical Garden of the University of Puerto Rico is in the Rio Piedras section of San Juan near the entrance to Road No.
Instead South led a heart, giving East a problem.
The house we moved into four years ago had a wood deck that was constructed with "weatherized" wood.
However, according to Martin's lawyers, he agreed to cooperate with investigators and to wear a wire while delivering the affidavits to Richard at a bar.
One ad that was praised by several agency executives was a 90-second commercial for Nike sports shoes, created by Wieden & Kennedy in Portland, Ore.
* Transportation Displays Inc., New York, promoted Eric Solomon to senior vice president and national sales manager.
"Although these images are much more benign on the surface than the old ones, it is again the idea of the superman and of someone who doesn't play by the same rules."
There's no suggestion of withdrawal in that later interview; and even if Mr. Kennedy may have been balancing his earlier remarks owing to protests from Saigon and from American hawks, it is misleading for Mr. Stone to cite only one of two equally verifiable texts, the one favorable to his case.
All this, in heavily French-accented English, makes for quite a heady sales pitch.
And for some very special reasons, "Married .
Methodically, Mr. McCarty covered the highlights of the prosecution's case, standing by records from MCI that showed a call from Ms. Warmus's apartment the day of the fatal shooting to a New Jersey gun shop.
Studies show that one to three women in a thousand has dangerous precancerous lesions that are missed by needle biopsy and laser or cryosurgery treatments, Dr. Wright said.
Last week Belgium joined the list of Western European countries where extreme right parties have profited from growing anti-immigrant feelings.
Then a rewrite of the estimate was ordered expanding the scope of the paper and implied despite evidence to the contrary Soviet support for European terrorist groups.
This is the third time that senior athletes have gathered to compete on a national level in 18 sports ranging from archery and horseshoes to volleyball and cycling.
Today, many composers have returned to tonality, and the entire notion of the avant-garde strikes many as passe.
W. KENNETH HOLDITCH New Orleans, April 2, 1991
COMMON STOCK * Allied Clinical Laboratories Inc., Nashville, has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for 1.75 million common shares through Alex.
The unions had offered the concessions in return for the state adopting a more recession-proof source of revenue: an income tax.
In fact, many people say it is inevitable that more disclosures will bring names of more politicians to the surface.
'It's a Cliche but It's True' Indeed, what the early results demonstrate is that programs make all the difference, said Alan Wurtzel, the senior vice president of research for ABC.
As of late tonight, there was no sign that any had begun to move.
He donates leftover food from his restaurant to the center each night.
The Argentine missile program survived the transition from a military to a civilian government in part because the project's sponsor, the air force, was the only service to have achieved any real success in the Falkland war.
Community Is Denounced Most farmers today, as they left hundreds of rural communities before dawn for the drive to Paris, recognized that much more was involved than a new petition for help from the Government.
And Vandeweghe insisted that he was not upset with losing his starting job, even if it is temporary.
Even in the post stockade, prisoners were segregated.
The National Endowment for the Arts agreed yesterday to drop its requirement that the New School for Social Research sign an anti-obscenity pledge to receive the $45,000 grant allotted for fiscal 1990.
But is England getting value for its money?
A few days after I returned home, I received a letter, this time signed Pesto.
Mr. Niklewicz estimated that two out of every five rolls of 35-millimeter film sold in the New York City area come from the gray market.
The Soviet Union has been supplying Angola with more than a thousand advisers and an estimated $800 million in annual military aid.
Its rectors have witnessed the Revolutionary War, the growth of a shipping port in the city's harbor, the development of the railroad and the industrialization of the area.
No Reversal of Layoffs Many economists see an economic recovery budding, but company executives say they have no plans to resume hiring soon.
The brokerage industry has shed about 85 percent of its workers.
Mr. Harkin, according to his application, has collected $1.1 million in such contributions, and that is more than any of his Democratic rivals had taken in.
But in the works at the Aldrich, the response is a barrage of information, comment and interpretation, much of it self-serving.
For the first time, agents were chosen on merit; many were college graduates; all attended a special training school.
Coslet said White was not being fined for being overweight.
In the early 1960's, he moved to New York City, where he supported himself in rhythm-and-blues organ trios while working with such free jazz musicians as Giuseppe Logan, Albert Ayler and Milford Graves.
When Magic Johnson retired from the Los Angeles Lakers on Thursday, revealing that he had contracted the virus that causes AIDS, he declared himself a spokesman for efforts to combat the disease and a proponent of "safe sex."
His mountains are eager and restless, and something inside them sometimes seems to be trying to get out or push free.
Well, in America's cities we've met the future, and it is the past.
In all of the meetings Mr. Baker met with the Israeli officials together.
That sounds very preachy, doesn't it?"
The music sounds randomly episodic, and you've sidestepped instead of solved the interpretive challenge posed by the composer: What is the nature of this experience?
Dr. Koop begins by describing his childhood in Brooklyn, telling how he became interested in medicine and how, at age 14, he even pretended to be a medical student at Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center so he could watch operations.
"I had recently moved to New York," Mr. Hall said.
His new menu is Provencal-inspired, light, flavorful and perfumed with fresh herbs.
In other words, in Mr. Talbot's view, a sale of The Daily News has to be considered.
Second, we are starting to discuss specific steps people might take.
"I'm dedicating this game to mom," he said.
A random survey of 82 intravenous drug users here found that 57 percent carried an AIDS-causing virus.
Into these vats go the grapes that have been crushed.
And let the chips fall where they may.
Battered women, she says, should call a hot line (the Victim Services Agency's, for one, is 577-7777) and be ready to flee to a shelter with what little they can carry.
Raised to be submissive and obedient, an Indian princess becomes swept up in her country's fight for independence from the British.
Countries in the region received about $89 billion in arms transfers from 1984 through 1988.
Mr. Williams has written the music for more than 70 movies, including "Star Wars," "Jaws" and "E.T.
He added: "There are certain kinds of shows where music would not seem jarring.
The feminist revolution, the sexual revolution, made us think about what it means to be a man.
FINLAND: International Theater Institute Ballet Competition, Meritullinkatu 33, 00170 Helsinki 17; (0) 135 78 87.
Over the years, parts of the church have been rebuilt, added to and restored.
"Remembrance is very important to me."
By contrast, combatants loyal to the A.N.C.
He said that if that happened he would call 10 former Sandinista militiamen back to arms for each new police officer hired.
The trial is scheduled to begin on Dec. 2.
Having taken early retirement, he writes with a conviction born of almost a whole lifetime of pent-up irritation.
Boren Views on Proposals Mr. Boren said in an interview today that the changes were needed to renew an espionage apparatus whose leadership is spread throughout the Government, whose duties often overlap and whose overwhelming concern -- the Soviet military threat -- is rapidly becoming ancient history.
In particular, there has been the suggestion that the British and French seats be merged under the umbrella of the European Community.
March 10 through 22, "Bye Bye Birdie," with Tommy Tune, Lenora Nemetz and Marilyn Cooper.
A Florida entrepreneur's advice about managing your money.
Overgolfed earlier in the year, he has played in only one tournament in the last six weeks and came to Westchester especially eager to play.
"He punched me in the head," Bellows said, "so I thought I'd punch him back.
"The idea came to me in a Mexican restaurant, trying to explain to a waiter that cilantro -- coriander -- caused me allergic reactions.
The Sheik is the ruler of Abu Dhabi and head of the United Arab Emirates.
He said that the evidence of Congressional intent presented by the Administration and Mr. Boureslan, "while not totally lacking in probative value, falls short of demonstrating the affirmative Congressional intent required to extend the protections of Title VII beyond our territorial borders."
But most of the problems in "A Man With Connections" grow out of the playwright's old-fashioned tale of petty bureaucrats trapped on a treadmill of corruption and self-aggrandizement.
Money market accounts slipped a basis point, to 5.42 percent, while three-month certificates fell 2 basis points, to 5.59 percent.
But people know they are there for some yet unknown Kremlin program, the long awaited price rises, or perhaps something worse -- the attempt at restoring whatever might pass for a dictatorship these days inside a Kremlin hard put to manage a successful crackdown in Lithuania.
needs to improve its techniques.
Of course, it's a shame he had to die, but if he wasn't trying to steal a car, he'd be alive right now."
Everyone wants to know why I am reading it.
With 84 percent of 438 precincts reporting, Mayor Schmoke had 44,026 votes to 24,631 for Clarence du Burns.
"Travels With My Aunt," which came out in 1969, is a lighthearted novel about a retired bank employee traveling around the world with 75-year-old dowager who has a black lover named Wordsworth.
One sausage counter offers Bavarian specialties; another non-Bavarian treats ranging from a lowly blood and liver sausage selling for 30 cents a pound to goose liver wurst for $6.
The California fund guarantees 80 percent of the value of an insurance policy or an annuity, up to a maximum of $250,000 for a life insurance policy and up to $100,000 in annuity benefits.
The final will be played on Wednesday and Thursday.
On Friday, the Dow Jones industrial average fell 27.72 points, to 2,896.78.
The delegates were angered at being left out of the talks.
There have been veritable armies of beauty queens (no tinted glass for them), at least one dog named Lassie and generations who went there to be married.
Museum hours: Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays, noon to 4 P.M., and by appointment.
It even bought one of the "Cosby" producers, Tom Werner, a baseball team -- the San Diego Padres.
Lansing's alarm was shared by the imperial victors in World War I, who successfully diluted Wilsonian doctrines at the Versailles peace conference.
U S West will provide signal transmission services from the test center to the Denver cable system.
High Cost of Prosperity "There is a kind of special sense you have in Charlotte that you're in an unusual moment of history," said Mr. Wood, the Presbyterian pastor.
The move by two of Europe's largest tire makers followed the recent resignation of Continental's chairman.
Rather, the incentive is to search for the bank paying an extra few basis points, which is probably going to be the riskiest bank since return is generally related to risk.
Dr. Bowers was born in New Haven.
"I'm a guy who is used to a lot of extra shooting so every shot is a guess," is as far as Bird will go.
In addition to his son, a resident of Jericho, L.I., Mr. Olsten's survivors include his wife, Miriam; a daughter, Cheryl Ashburn of Doylestown, Pa., and four grandchildren.
William Roberts, Dave Meggett and Mark Ingram signed Thursday after having missed the first 45 days of the preseason, and all will probably be activated Monday.
Have they found the remains of Christ?
The 11-day, 1,100-mile stage race began tonight with a 3.1-mile time-trial prologue.
spokesman, said the agency would conduct further studies before proposing a permanent standard on lead content in wine, and he said that the new rule could be substantially lower than the 300 p.p.b.
12, tied the game in sixth.
A Washington lawyer calls it "the zapper"; a New Yorker calls it "the clicker."
Debate Over U.S. Standard The study could influence the growing debate among scientists and some Government agencies about lowering the Federal standard for exposure to radiation in the workplace.
The 8 P.M. performance at the Joyce Theater, 175 Eighth Avenue (18th Street), will be followed by dinner at America Restaurant, 9 East 18th Street.
And, as pointed out here recently, I no longer rate a car on the basis of its ashtray.
Southwestern decor is in vogue?
All of the credit guarantees will go to Vneshekonombank, the Soviet central bank for foreign trade.
The radio listed five major units in Basra province to which deserters should report, including the Republican Guard, once viewed as the cutting edge of the Iraqi Army and the most loyal to President Saddam Hussein.
Michael L. Coats, 45 years old, of the Navy, and the pilot is Lieut.
"Everyone is giving him the next Nicklaus tag, which is passed out about every two years and never seems to do anyone any good.
It sticks to the bug's back as it squeezes through the chamber.
Sample Accommodations: Glacier Bay Lodge (520 Pike Street, Suite 1610, Seattle 98101; [ 800 ] 622-2042), about 11 miles from park headquarters, charges $126 a night for two.
That is one reason their effort at building Europe seems so mundanely utilitarian, so lacking in the fervor that national patriotism inspired.
Her father is the president of the Trident Oil and Gas Company in Monroe.
"You need psychiatric help," he said.
We could not expect anything but the same disregard for the environment."
Hearing the music stretched out like this, with everything slowed down to allow the perception of microscopic detail, is both interesting and annoying.
"The Council has a message for the city also," said Council Speaker Peter F. Vallone, whom the Mayor called on in the speech to enact a property-tax increase to raise additional revenues.
Dancing it in the afternoon, Parrish Maynard overcame nervousness to give a performance of rare elegance and perfume.
On Saturday afternoon, Nilas Martins made an excellent debut in a role made famous by his father, Peter Martins, the City Ballet's artistic director.
American spokesmen said they could not confirm the report.
The announcement today of his opposition came a day after Senator John Seymour, a Republican named by Governor Wilson to take his place in Congress, said that he opposed the bill.
Mr. Dinkins had called for more than $1.1 billion in new taxes, to make up for declining tax receipts and increasing spending, but the Council, complaining the taxes would damage the city's economy, agreed to a far lower figure, $636 million.
The Sharks, perhaps using deception as an initial tactic in order to lull the Rangers into a false sense of superiority, had lived up to their advance billing in the first period: They played tentative, hangdog hockey.
About $300 million will be used to buy out policyholders who would have fractional interests in the shares, about $200 million for the cost of converting from a mutual insurer and $200 million for general purposes, with much of the balance to cover other obligations.
The President, declaring that innocent women and children should not suffer, hinted yesterday at possible approval for a U.N. move to allow limited oil sales.
Family members said that Mr. Pretlow appeared to be in good spirits in conversations with them as late as Saturday, and they expressed doubt that he had taken his own life.
Its sales rose 6 percent, to $1.09 billion from $1.03 billion.
We're going to stay a leader by sharing today's technology while developing tomorrow's," Mr. McDonnell said.
Mr. Gorbachev's men (and most of our Arabist television experts) saw in it some cosmic significance, the opening through which a deal could be cut -- one that would suit the Soviets' purpose of keeping a subdued Saddam as their client.
Mr. Carey, a former marine and a father of five who buys his suits off the rack, eats tuna sandwiches for lunch, drives a 1989 car and has lived in the same Kew Gardens house for 35 years, is a man who shuns extravagance, stays at budget hotels, carries his own suitcases, accounts for every penny of his expenses and for years has gone daily to the yards to talk to members.
While auctioneers typically charge companies about $100 to sell a car, the fee is raised to $250 for the premium lane.
Mr. Degelmann, however, said the company was "well aware of the cultural differences" between the United States and France, and as a result had "toned down" the wording in the restrictions from the original American version.
In 1987, the agency reversed its ban on such guarantees solely because Iraq had repaid its debts, Mr. Macomber told the House Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs.
But they don't need the President to forswear his obligations for national security and foreign affairs."
is holding its purse bid June 11.
I hate everything David Lynch does.
In the two years since the allegations surfaced in the historic town on Albemarle Sound, the parents have formed Citizens Against Child Abuse, which has raised about $30,000 to help the prosecution press the case.
Mr. Slatkin will lead the first performance of a Clarinet Concerto by William Bolcom, a Philharmonic commission; the New York premiere of John Corigliano's Symphony No.
"That meant a new identity for the residents and brought a lot of Federal money for upgrading the housing stock and for social programs into the neighborhood," said Mr. Sciarra.
Two vice presidents, David N. Packhem and Allan L. Fairfield, who were also involved in the photocopying of a sensitive Navy document containing information about a rival shipyard, have also resigned, the company said.
B1 An income-tax plan in Connecticut is giving towns like Hamden, a suburb north of New Haven, the economic jitters.
The chiefs of the four uniformed services have expressed strong reservations to opening combat positions to women.
This is a business that judges a coach as weak-willed if he knows his children's names.
The singer Jimmy Witherspoon joined the band.
The reference is to Shakespeare's allusion to the biblical Daniel, whose name in Hebrew means "God is my judge"; in "The Merchant of Venice," Shylock praises the disguised Portia with "A Daniel come to judgment!
Although they are in the same profession, each said she did not feel threatened by the other's membership in the group.
"With me, I guess just the opposite is happening."
32 remains and always will remain BILLY CUNNINGHAM's number."
Also, a dozen employees, including people in six local news bureaus, are leaving the company because their jobs are being eliminated.
It has jurisdiction over the entire East Coast.
Margaret Moncure Campbell, an assistant vice president at Citibank in New York, and George Christian Ullrich 2d, a vice president of the Bank of New York, were married yesterday at St. Paul's Episcopal Church in Richmond.
Prisoners, some with criminal records as thick as their tattoos, vie for the animals' affections.
"Al and Rob are two exceptional receivers.
To parents' eyes, the mismatch may seem obvious: He is too old for her.
She formerly was a principal of Taft High School in the Bronx and a deputy chancellor for instruction, and is a national consultant on educating inner-city students.
Now though, a limited partnership has bought the property across the river from the Peace Center and may build housing, stores and office space, said Ron Geyer, a principal architect with Craig, Gaulden & Davis.
Having the Government interfere in the marketplace and arbitrarily raise milk prices at the cost of putting all dairy farmers in a straitjacket will probably always be popular with some down on the farm.
Economy Is Called 'Awful' One executive who attended another private session on the economy with Mr. Bush, this one at the Mercantile Exchange, Louis A. Holland, said that bankers and others told the President that the economy was "awful."
If West refused to win, there would be enough tricks available in the dummy.
On another difficult point, Mr. Kharrazi also said Iran understood the legal problems in securing the release of accused terrorists in European jails.
It was not clear today what caused the President's irregular heartbeat, and his doctors said they may never know for certain.
Bradley's Not There Blowers lost a powerful ally when George Bradley, the team's vice president of baseball operations, was dismissed by Michael this month.
In 1983 also, she called on Minneapolis to ban as "pornographic" French and Italian art films, works by avant-garde artists and even Rolling Stones album advertisements.
It could not be determined yesterday whether Mr. Trump lost money on the transaction, but the other executive close to the talks said yesterday that neither the banks nor Mr. Trump would lose money if USAir bought the shuttle.
Its huge Hypermart stores, which sell groceries along with Wal-Mart's traditional fare under a roof that could cover five football fields, have been a disappointment; the company is scaling back the concept and introducing smaller stores called Supercenters.
Established After Embargo Oil-importing nations set up the International Energy Agency in 1974 after Arab nations embargoed oil shipments to the United States.
Through the back offices, millions of securities trades are cleared each day, meaning that securities are moved to the account that purchased them and cash is moved to the seller.
A1 AUSTRALIAN LEADER OUSTED Faulted for his inability to rescue the Australian economy, Bob Hawke was ousted as Prime Minister by his own party after nearly nine years in office.
He is survived by his wife, the former Michele Scemama; a daughter, Melina, and a son, Evan, both of Manhattan; a sister, Michele Manasse of Seattle, and his mother, Helen Reiss Manasse of Portland, Ore.
The main force, 7,000 troops, will converge upon the city in 600 buses, enough to form a seven-mile-long traffic jam.
Ms. Holtzman is now the New York City Comptroller, but she is running for Alfonse M. D'Amato's United States Senate seat, and her opponents are expected to make much of the issue.
Leaders of minority groups said the incident would have gone unnoticed had it not been videotaped by a man outside whose apartment the beating took place.
An Oration From Ortiz Kelly is not one for comparisons.
Not so, asserts Davis's executive assistant on the Raiders, AL LoCASALE.
"There was just one station in New York, Dumont, and he was actually the first person to buy a local-spot commercial.
The modified plan projects speeds of 35 to 45 miles an hour.
It was in order a catch, a bobble and a recovery while falling to the ground.
McCarthy Lodge (11823 Old Glenn Highway, Eagle River, Alaska 99577; [ 907 ] 333-5402) has bunkhouse accommodations at $45 for two, hotel rooms at $85; restaurant and small store.
THE Bard Music Festival in Annandale-on-Hudson is focusing this summer on the life and work of Felix Mendelssohn.
Is this really a question that must be answered?
After the summer program, Mr. Neal danced back home at the Richmond Ballet.
Weeks This On Week List Fiction 1 6 DANCES WITH WOLVES, by Michael Blake.
"That's why it's so painful as we do these cuts."
Furthermore, the price of lobsters tends to rise at summer's end because poor weather makes it harder to bring them in.
Iran never got closer than eight miles to Basra, which lies only a few miles from the Iran-Iraq border, but the war turned the city of 750,000 into piles of brick and millions of shrapnel-pocked sandbags.
"You know it's like (defensive coordinator) Pete Carroll said: 'We're going to be road warriors if we want to keep on playing.'
His single-mindedness has raised the eyebrows of some colleagues, who worry that he might smash Democratic icons in his eagerness to make headlines.
The Rockingham was designed by Thom & Wilson in 1883 and the Sonoma was designed by Stephen D. Hatch eight years earlier.
Justice O'Connor wrote the decision, Feist Publications v. Rural Telephone Service, No.
"We have raised the question again and again about whether we need to make our trials more representative of the people who actually get the disease," said Dr. Deborah Cotton, a committee member from Harvard Medical School.
A fat guy that moves around like that doesn't think of himself as primarily a fat guy moving around like that.
Amid a thunderous eruption of clashing emotions, a judge yesterday granted a request by the new Queens District Attorney and threw out all charges against four New York City police officers in the death of a car-theft suspect.
Oliver North, quarterback of the Iran-contra scandal, has won dismissal of his criminal convictions because the prosecution can't prove he had a perfect trial, utterly free of error.
Nor does most of the world care that on the day Rand was getting his patent, everyone in President John Tyler's Cabinet except Secretary of State Daniel Webster resigned in protest after Tyler vetoed a banking bill.
Advil, Gillette, Major League Properties.
He was desperate to get out, and afraid he wouldn't.
"Our nation has spent $3 to $4 billion annually on S.D.I.
"Hypocrisy has been the main feature of our society," he said.
I was thinking ahead, in the way one does at a feast that marks time.
"Apologize to your children for having bribed them.
"I've spent a good part of my life involved with and interested in China, and so to have it all sealed off to me so unceremoniously is very distressing."
And who will fight by our side?
He has a jammed finger on his right hand.
Overnight, most prices were allowed to rise to market levels.
"The Council let the Mayor save face and the Mayor let the Council off the hook," said Councilwoman Ronnie M. Eldridge.
"I can see out my office window that there is a need."
You can tell them in detail and nobody will ever know.
The Hardys said that more people are responding to hiking organizations' educational efforts.
Congress often sets broad policy and leaves detailed enforcement to executive agencies with the general understanding that the executive branch will honor Congressional intent.
Closest to the center of creativity is a core group of assistants who cluster around every top designer.
Mr. Nelson's companion, Freddy Soto, 33, said that many of his friends had been scared away by reports of the shootings.
Thank goodness it is over."
Wang reported a net loss of $385.5 million in the fiscal year ended June 30.
Kevin Dykstra says he noticed something else, too: "I could just tell the way he acted that he's gotten, I don't know, a little softer."
The Asian tiger mosquito, Aedes albopictus, was first seen in Houston in 1985.
They had tried a myriad of methods to counter the disease, from macrobiotics to yoga, but the group's common characteristic, Mr. Callen, said, was "skepticism to anything anybody tells them, especially the doctors."
His mother died when he was four months old.
To make a statement before even seeing a bill is irresponsible.
From there, the signal goes to the Milford Plaza Hotel, at Eighth Avenue and 44th Street, and to the Newport City complex in Jersey City.
Sales at warehouse clubs -- which often call themselves wholesale clubs, even though they sell to retail customers -- reached $24 billion last year, industry experts said.
Nicklaus Frustrated "Today, I couldn't get it going or keep it going," said Nicklaus, who shot a nine-under-par 63 on Friday.
Instead, it attempted to use conventions of the genre, such as menacing villains and elaborate chases, in a more self-consciously playful fashion.
But unlike Bud Harrelson when he got the job, Torborg has been a successful major league manager with the White Sox after a brief opportunity with the Indians in the late 1970's.
Inarguably he is one of that ever-diminishing handful of geniuses who have shaped jazz since the 1940's, about half the music's natural life.
In 1989 and 1990, he won the United States sprint triathlon championship.
The state is holding up its approval of the exchange pact until Cell 4 has a new liner and tests determine whether it will prevent leachate from reaching the ground water.
Acclaim executives said they did not develop for Sega because not enough of the machines had been sold to justify the cost of making Sega games.
For Maradona, the maximum penalty would mean he would be 32 years old, and beyond his prime, before he returned to soccer.
The move, which was authorized by NCR's board at a special meeting on Sunday, was expected and was not seen on Wall Street as a sign that talks had derailed.
On June 9, 1987, Mr. Olshaker pleaded guilty and he was sentenced to three months' probation on the condition that he undergo psychotherapy.
HARRIETTE SIANI New York, Feb. 20, 1991
Stewart (6-4), struggling to find the form that made him a 20-game winner in each of the last four seasons, struck out four and walked two while shutting down the hottest-hitting team in the majors.
Storage also must be found for the roof's opaque insert if you want the rays to penetrate the tinted glass.
Outside powers would prey on the chaos.
But officials said the road surface was believed to have been dry at the time of the accident.
Because he never said anything macho about the American Revolution.
Survivor Goes Home On Friday, Daniela Jutak, 17 years old, was discharged from the hospital to pick up her shattered life in the village of Ivanovo Selo.
But to what end can the denial of God have been created?
According to the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries, small shredders start at about $1 million and a large one can cost well over $5 million.
Proponents and opponents of the bill, which prohibits employers from considering smoking status as a factor in how they deal with prospective and current employees, see the issue as clearly defined.
Having spent my final two years in school studying in limited depths, I found the transition to college relatively simple.
Inflation and Black Market At a news conference here on Thursday, Budimir Kusutic, Vice President of Serbia, acknowledged that the Slovenian action "could do much damage to the peoples of other parts of Yugoslavia."
A full-session volume of 100,000 lots is generally considered heavy trading.
But that means waiting two to three weeks, perhaps longer.
Since then all new arrivals have been taken to closed camps, where they must wait to be screened by immigration officers who decide whether they are refugees eligible for resettlement, or illegal immigrants who will eventually be sent home.
NED McWHERTER, said Mr. Rockefeller tried to wash the food down with water and was unable to, so he was taken to a doctor as a precaution.
The number of working oil and gas rigs in the United States slipped by 11, to 824 last week, Baker Hughes Inc. said today.
The Marine Corps, already by far the smallest of the forces, is shrinking to 177,000 troops by 1995 from 194,000 now, and is not likely to suffer much deeper cuts.
She even offered to accept a campaign donation.
In the mid-19th century, fear that cholera epidemics would recur prompted city authorities to create health boards in London and in New York, according to William H. McNeill's book "Plagues and Peoples."
Amid the moaning and mourning during the burial scene, one of the townsfolk, Miss Martha, "drunk as a skunk," stumbles around the casket and falls in the mud -- a capital bit of comic relief.
Coach Ray Handley was more cautious.
Lithuanian Tension When Soviet hard-liners orchestrated a coup against President Mikhail S. Gorbachev last week, Lithuanians feared that their hopes for peaceful secession might be crushed.
Spring makes me feel guilty that my dog never went to obedience training class.
The campaign marked another victory in its psychological warfare with Coca-Cola.
In most of this country, a U-turn on a dirt road is a life-threatening maneuver, unless performed entirely in an area covered by fresh tire tracks.
American pragmatism, West claims -- whether found in the transcendentalist Ralph Waldo Emerson or in Charles Sanders Peirce, who originated the term -- is less a search for eternal truths than a "continuous cultural commentary or set of interpretations that attempt to explain America to itself."
But his opposition in most cases to abortion could hurt him.
At $100 a share, it is worth $6.77 billion.
But in both cases the sharp blow was short-lived.
'The Right Thing to Do' If more than five years are needed to graduate, the student must work in exchange for tuition, said Robert Driscoll, assistant athletic director.
Everybody brought stories about the recipes and their families, epicurean epics that somehow all ended happily on a blue and white cloth at the Egg Store.
American League East The Blue Jays are doing what they seem to do best: finding a way to lose the division championship.
"When they came back, I couldn't believe it," she said.
Barbara Kopple and Arthur Cohn's "American Dream," which examines a labor dispute in a Midwestern town, won the feature-length award and Steven Okazaki's "Days of Waiting," about the suffering of interned Japanese-Americans during World War II, triumphed in the short-subject division.
The book, which will be published next month by Preservation Press, also contains chapters by Michael J. Auer, a preservation specialist, and John A. Burns, a preservation architect, both with the National Park Service.
Which makes you kind of wonder how much of a "sacrifice" such a fly-ball out really is.
And medical authorities told the subcommittee that as the number of Americans using lawn chemicals rose so did the number of people reporting illnesses and injuries caused by exposures to pesticides.
Judge Barbara Byrd Wecker presided at the three-week trial in Superior Court.
Mr. Wachtler said he had no interest in provoking a constitutional crisis, although he noted pointedly that several other court systems have successfully sued their states to force them to fully finance the judiciary.
The victim, Gilberto Munoz of Elmhurst, was shot when another car pulled alongside and opened fire, said Detective Randolph Jacobs of the 115th Precinct.
At the least, it might find it extremely difficult to find religious parties willing to become coalition partners should it ever be in the position again of trying to form a government.
Air-Conditioner Noise Question: Recently the building across the street was renovated from warehouse to office space.
There is more than altruism or legal fiat at play here.
The coach benched Rumeal Robinson, the team's top draft choice, and became the first coach to sit down Moses Malone since Jack Ramsay did it in 1976 in Buffalo.
A special commission's 19-month scrutiny of the state bureaucracy found savings of close to $600 million with better management.
Only three installments had been paid by the time of her death.
Experts say the North River plant, which borders the Hudson River between 137th Street and 145th Street, could be suffering from one or a combination of weaknesses in design, process and morale.
Ms. Spiro gave as a hypothetical example two white friends in an office who talk about such an apartment at the water cooler.
After Cone's two-run single in the fourth gave the Mets an edge, Miller belted his first home run of the year in the fifth to boost the score to 4-2.
Harbaugh stressed that he liked Ditka very much and didn't mind the occasional tongue-lashing.
For the point of the present show is that for the first time the full range of Seurat's achievement can be studied without the distraction of coping with work that is on a completely different scale.
Shaun, 12, is finding shotgun shells like Florida children find seashells.
"Ford and General Motors are working on the same technologies, I am sure, but the speed with which Japan is bringing these to market will open the gap even further."
These kids -- they see it on T.V.
Sales rose slightly to $1.7 billion from $1.68 billion.
In order for us to determine -- well, can you tell us in his words, what he said.
The main puzzle was Smooth Performance, who has won three of nine starts in his career and finished in the money seven times, but always on grass.
The November decline was first estimated at 5.9 percent.
The surveillance seemed to lessen until Mr. Ranieri's home was searched by the police on April 4.
Rose said he was frustrated with people who think he was banished from baseball for betting on baseball games.
But he does not seem the kind of man who will also willingly become the President's patsy, history's clown.
"The situation in Mozambique is very different, so you can't just apply the Angolan model," a diplomat said.
Todd's uncle, Craig Fertig, was a star quarterback at U.S.C.
He graduated from Trinity College in Hartford and received a law degree from Columbia.
From his point of view that is reasonable.
There are also versions for the Amiga, coming soon, and Commodore 64/128.
Mr. Harnett, who is 48, met that requirement.
Another delicious hefty selection from the grill features three succulent double-rib lamb chops atop a vegetable medley of eggplant and tomatoes.
Disney's earnings were depressed in part by the weak performance of two films, "The Marrying Man" and "One Good Cop."
Let's give them a break.
Executives at Citicorp declined to comment on Quotron's financial problems.
Spanish authorities are expected to release the autopsy report next week.
His life should be documented."
Her husband remains thumbs up and oblivious.
Although mums -- the shorter name is a bit easier on the tongue -- thrive in most any garden soil, the plants do need sunlight, at least five to six hours of it a day to be at their blooming best.
"You have to be wily, crafty and tricky."
He said a sale or spinoff could lead to a foreign investment that could pump much- needed cash into debt-aden Unisys, a computer company based in Blue Bell, Pa. National security rules bar a foreign investment while Unisys retains a military business.
Still, the analysts predicted that by softening negative advertising with a smile, the Wellstone strategy could become popular among candidates in the 1992 elections.
"We can only tackle so much of it at one time."
Harrah's Casino Hotel had a $10 million profit.
Mohammed Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan, becomes a bastard cousin called Karna, the founder of Karnistan, "the Hacked-off Land."
While the club, whose members receive plaques from Volvo, is not new, he added, its appearence in Volvo's advertising is.
Rabbi Krinsky emphasized that while others in the Lubavitcher community stood ready to reach out to their black neighbors to ease the crisis, the Rebbe should not be expected to do so personally.
Two men were shot and killed on a Bronx street after a dispute over a public telephone, the police said.
Before leaving Germany, in 1903, his father had challenged a fellow student to a duel because of what Mr. Simon believes was an anti-Semitic comment.
At his bail hearing, by chance in front of Justice Rohl, the assistant district attorney said that a computer check of Mr. Harris's record showed that he was a fugitive in Alabama.
Specialists believe the main purpose of the letter was to protect psychiatric patients who might not be able to make an informed choice.
Pieces by Hemingway, Stein and Crane were included frequently in the experimental publication.
While he likes reggae, Dr. Bertoni said he usually plays a mixture of house music, which has an underlying dance beat, and superimposes on it any one of a variety of ethnic tunes.
You can find these products at herb nurseries.
The wedding is planned for next year.
He also appeared in six playoff games.
And even with the knobby off-road tires, the ride is good.
General Noriega and his lawyers have argued that he was kidnapped, in disregard of norms applying to heads of state, and that his treatment at the Metropolitan Correctional Center here violates the Geneva Conventions on prisoners of war.
"There are factors in sight pointing to an expanding surplus," a Finance Ministry official said Friday, after the data were released.
But the stock in Ralphs, now owned by Federated Stores Inc., the parent of Federated and Allied and a Campeau subsidiary, would be split among its creditors.
This approach is to generally maintain links between the Soviet republics, while leaving each one free to devise its own strategy for reform, taxation and possibly its own currency.
Rudolf Serkin, one of the most revered pianists of his time and a founder of the Marlboro Festival, the summer music series in Vermont, died on Wednesday night at his Vermont home after a long illness.
Sales of Patriot missile systems totaled $1.5 billion in 1990, Raytheon said.
When the Wright building reopens in February, all the walls and other spatial encumbrances that plagued the small rotunda and the passage to the large spiral will be cleared away, said Michael Govan, deputy director of the museum.
Limited Too has stores at Garden State Plaza in Paramus N.J., Newport Center in Jersey City, N.J., and Bridgewater Commons in Bridgewater, N.J. Garnet Hill, a mail-order outfitter in Franconia, N.H., that specializes in natural-fiber fabrics, introduced children's cotton-and-Lycra leggings in its spring catalogue.
The sides will cool down and not overcook, but you will know that the center is really done.
The 43-year-old officer was the only member of the armed forces from the nation's largest Army base to die in the shootings at Luby's cafeteria.
The music reflects both the scattershot juxtapositions of modern urban life and, in Mr. Coleman's amiable, untethered saxophone playing, the chance to bind the jumble into a kind of grace.
Those decisions, too, have been appealed.
He contracted HIV and developed antibodies while out on bail or in detainment.
If you want to support good work, put your money where your mouth is."
On the surface, President Saddam Hussein's willingness to violate the Persian Gulf war cease-fire resolutions brazenly and repeatedly seems almost inexplicable -- as though the Iraqi President was just daring the United States to smash him again.
A brief shot of Britain's first astronaut as the seconds to blast-off ticked away showed her looking calm but pensive.
Only 10 percent of a control group of Earthbound shrimp died in the same period.
Jose Rijo, the most valuable player in last fall's World Series, is fuming over Manager Lou Piniella's choice of Tom Browning to be the Cincinnati Reds' opening-day starter.
In the late 1950's a computer scientist from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology named Oliver Selfridge unveiled a model called Pandemonium, in which homunculi -- he called them demons -- shouted at one another like delegates in a very democratic parliament, until they reached a consensus on what was going on outside the cranial chamber.
" 'Life' Can Mean Life The reasons for the record increases are clear.
The other, a woman's, investigators eventually identified as that of Karen McPherson, Mr. Baker said.
Former Tiger Jack Morris won 18 games during the season and two playoff games.
Raghib (Rocket) Ismail, Notre Dame's game-breaking running back and wide receiver, led the list of underclassmen approved yesterday by the National Football League for its annual college draft.
The students would have used the blood to study chromosomes, which contain genetic data.
Baseball American League TEXAS RANGERS -- Signed Terrell Lowery, outfielder; James Bethke and James Kennedy, catchers; James Koehler, first baseman-outfielder; Steven Burton, first baseman; Mark Ringkamp, James Migliozzi and Harold Vallot, pitchers; and Kevin Sisk, shortstop.
Their divorced mom, off on a tour of Australia, had left all the money with the baby sitter, a terrible old crone, who apparently had it on her when the kids disposed of the body.
Even though it sounds like advice from Mom, stretching is just as important as what comes after, so you won't hurt yourself.
Dr. David Mendel, a retired cardiologist from Kent, England, who met with Levi and corresponded with him regularly, said it is far more likely that Levi fell over the bannister accidentally after a bad reaction to anti-depressant medication.
And the United States Government still supplies Israel with military and financial means to stick to its intransigence.
"I had students who stood in line for three or four hours waiting to register," said Bill Richey, a political science instructor at the school.
Close Corporate Ties Close corporate ties have produced student internships, a corporate-financed Wellness Center on campus, corporate employees as students and adjunct professors and a number of corporate representatives on the board of trustees, including C. Alan MacDonald, chief executive officer of Nestle, and Robert G. Dettmer, executive vice president and chief financial officer of Pepsico and the chairman of the Manhattanville board of trustees.
We've gotten so far behind on the doctor bills, it's going to be a while to get caught up."
Where did Americans think they were headed when they followed Ronald Reagan, the man who cut his political teeth chewing up Commies at the Screen Actors Guild.
Europe's Immigration Shift With border controls tight, Western Europe has shifted to integrating those who have gotten in.
And it has linked up with the International Chamber of Commerce to help develop a global business-oriented environmental agenda with a theme of sustainable development.
They all looked back, these dead companions, to the lake, the lake that Carl Church (turning to face as they did, now) had had silent behind him all the way up; the lake that, from here, was seen to stretch much farther than one could tell, down there on the shore or at the hotel: stretching still -- even from up here -- as far as one could see, flat and shining, a long way up Africa.
Her father is a partner in the New York law firm of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett.
* Haagen-Dazs Co., Teaneck, N.J., the ice cream company, has named Steven McNeil senior vice president and general manager, North America.
disappointed most observers, and took technology stocks down hard, while the disappointing core rate of inflation did technological damage to bond market."
A sturdy chamber choir called Voices Saintpaulia sang the texts.
The American Medical Association and the American Dental Association each said last month that any of their members who were infected with the virus should either warn their patients about their conditions or give up performing surgery.
REGULAR maintenance of picket and chain link fences will preserve their looks and prolong their lives.
Of course, that happens to be precisely the result that would be most dangerous for the United States and the Middle East.
disks and a gross income of nearly $4 million.
Well, I guess you have to see illustrations, especially the expressions on the faces of the family, to appreciate fully the comic zaniness of this surreal parody of Clement Moore's poem.
Some women wear yellow pins.
The divestiture agreement was worked out among B.C.C.I.
Her mother, known professionally as Mildred Blaine, is the director of tenant relations for the Moderate Income Management Company in Trenton.
To the Editor: Jeff Kisseloff's review of "Skyscraper Dreams" by Tom Shachtman (Aug. 25) is more a demonstration of his own bigotry against successful businessmen than an informative review.
ALASKA Republican -- Young, xxx.
If I thought otherwise at any time, I would have stopped it."
The bridegroom, 28, graduated from Hebrew University in Jerusalem and is a law student at Yeshiva University in New York.
But recently a coalition of 21 computer and software vendors, including Digital, Compaq and Microsoft, endorsed the MIPS RISC chip for use in desktop computers.
Shops like Hale and Hearty on the Upper East Side that specialize in foods low in fat and cholesterol are busier than ever.
The restrictions are a major setback for General Noriega, who went on trial at the Federal Courthouse here earlier this month on 10 counts of cocaine trafficking, racketeering and money laundering and faces a sentence of up to 140 years if convicted on all the charges.
Laettner led all scorers with 20 points, while the point guard Bobby Hurley added 16 along with 6 assists.
Situated to the left of the hotel entrance, the barroom is large but nicely subdivided to create the illusion of intimate space.
Changing the Debate On the other hand, conservatives and other critics of traditional civil rights thinking said black conservatives have already had an enormous effect by changing the terms of the debate.
But a police spokesman, Sgt.
He visited the Northeast Older Adults Center, a large recreation complex for the elderly in northeast Philadelphia.
When Chamberlain Court forms its association, there will be only five owners: the nonprofit group's co-operative, with 34 votes, the Housing Authority, with seven votes, and the Lenharts and their two neighbors, with one vote each.
An entry in the Executive Changes listing of Business Day on May 24 referred incorrectly to the Home Insurance Company.
This week, the news agency Interfax, in an interview with Arkady I. Volsky, a member of the steering committee, quoted from a memorandum by Mr. Gerashchenko to Mr. Gorbachev warning that the "Soviet Union is standing on the brink of financial collapse."
The court concluded that a small part of a biography of Wright did include material from his copyrighted, unpublished work but that it was so small that it did not infringe the rights of his widow, Ellen, who has legal control over the author's estate.
And with the Bulls making their first appearance in the finals, a loss is more damaging to Chicago's confidence than it would have been to the Lakers.
"I don't think anything is to be gained from this year that will be of value."
The Mayor opted for Dr. Carrillo to appease demands of Hispanic supporters, but only after a bitter struggle between black and Hispanic members of a screening panel had blocked other, arguably more qualified candidates, the officials said.
Some may get the news later, perhaps after May's minicamp.
Mr. Jarman, whose 1987 film "The Last of England" had a comparable free-associative vehemence, this time turns his thoughts to AIDS, Christianity and intolerance, combining these themes into a feverish vision of far-reaching decay.
The new 7 5/8 percent notes of 1996 declined 8/ 32, to 99 23/32, for a yield of 7.69 percent; the new 6 3/4 percent notes of 1993 lost 5/32, at 100 4/32, for a yield of 6.68 percent.
"In real life, dependence on slow-on-the-draw government bureaucrats to regulate grab-as-grab-can David Murdocks has tragic consequence."
Poor weather prevented allied bombers from attacking five of the six buildings in the complex until the end of the war.
The most unpopular proposal was for the Government to control the number of specialists in medicine -- only 6 percent said the Government should take such action now, and 12 percent said it should be considered in the future.
But except for "Concerto Barocco," which is danced to J. S. Bach's Double Violin Concerto, the Balanchine ballets that attempt an overt fusion of the contemporary and the classical are always set to 20th-century composers like Stravinsky and Hindemith.
Mr. Gluck and his designers have developed dozens of collections of watches for a number of different markets.
The company built Disneyland in Anaheim 36 years ago, when Orange County, south of Los Angeles, was largely strawberry fields and orange groves.
In Moscow, Soviet officials also raised the ante by saying President Mikhail S. Gorbachev might extend direct presidential rule to Latvia.
The Spanish police said that most of the crew members are British, one is Danish and one American.
" As opposed to the formal communion service at St. Mark's, which uses a chalice of wine and a wafer, Ms. Laird takes a cup from the cupboard and a piece of bread from the refrigerator.
In the last month he climbed in the polls by an average of almost a percentage point a day, and today he leapt ahead.
In theory, the musicians could have ignored the advice.
If it is bound into rocks as carbonates, or limestones, Dr. Toon said, "it's a big problem to get it out."
But other analysts argue that a large "overhang" of shares sold short is really a bullish sign, because those shares must eventually be bought back.
The annual prices range from $175 for the pool and spa to $350 for use of all the equipment Shorter memberships are available.
Right now, there are no other solutions, not even on the waiver wire.
Most disposable lighters work when a user rotates a spark wheel and depresses a thumb lever that releases the gas fuel, mostly butane.
"Now they are looking for a state guy from Harrisburg to come in and do it for them."
A Bankrupt Wildcatter One wildcatter who got caught is Ray Phipps, who lives in a rundown trailer in a hollow near Barbourville, a town of about 3,000 people and the seat of Knox County.
The spot shows President Bush talking about how "small businesses helped build our nation."
Cole (1801-1848) bought the farmhouse in 1836 to live and work in while his pupil Church (1826-1900) built Olana later, not only as a home but as a work of art, with its windows framing views of both the Hudson River and the Catskill Mountains.
This is a new country."
Another series consists of rectangles framed in metal and faced with vinyl, wood or some other smooth substance and signed by automobile names like like Malibu, Monterey and Imperial in chronium.
In a somber New Year's address to his nation, President Boris N. Yeltsin of Russia acknowledged today that Russians will be sorely tested in coming months as the state begins to set the economy free.
I can understand the frustration among some on the other side of the aisle.
The park was going to get much worse."
That's because before there was Rubin the Executive there was Rubin the Tenor, and it was Rubin the Tenor who played Giuseppe in the Frank Loesser musical about a mail-order bride when it opened on Broadway on May 3, 1956.
"But compared to any other industry -- refrigeration, foam blowing, solvents -- it's small."
Five companies have settled with the university, but Iowa State's patent attorney, Rolf Stadheim of Chicago, would not name them.
"You want people to enjoy themselves, but you don't want to take any risks."
The President's deadline, he added wryly, "may add more interest."
I looked and felt healthy, and had even dared to think of myself as a normal college student again.
For all the problems hurricanes cause, people who live in their path -- and they always seem to be the same people -- seem rather proud of the distinction.
Students at Southern Methodist University have been rolling around in herds recently thanks to the newest craze to hit campus from both the East and the West Coasts: roller blades.
A 'Propaganda Tour' Mr. Spiegel said Mr. Mahon had told him that he was on a "secret propaganda tour" of Germany.
A different sort of Japanese restaurant, but equally worthy, is Iroha Jaya, in the Kaimuki section.
It gives the game a refreshing schoolyard dimension, with participants arguing about the rules and making them up as they go along.
September wedding plans for Diane Michelle DePatie and Victor Scott Consoli, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Ben Consoli of Methuen, Mass., have been announced by her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas C. DePatie of Quonochontaug, R.I. Miss DePatie, 24 years old, and the prospective bridegroom, 25, graduated from Trinity College in Hartford.
I'd love to do it.
Supporters of a proposed memorial to the American Indians who died at the battle commonly known as "Custer's Last Stand" have suggested its slogan be "peace through unity."
There is too much whiteness -- white Vermont marble, white-painted metal, off-white limestone -- and the cumulative effect of it all is glaring.
"We had a great countdown," Robert B. Sieck, who directs launchings at the Kennedy Space Center here, said at a news conference after the launching.
"I grew up in Redondo Beach, Calif.," said Ellis.
"There is no sign of any weakness in the company's fundamentals," he said.
"Many egos get involved in breaking big cases in our system," said Mr. Hellerstein, who is the former head of the Legal Aid Society's Criminal Appeals Bureau.
Mr. Bell, an author, educator and philosopher, was one of nine recipients of honorary degrees.
"My goal," said Mr. Phillips, a composer and teacher, "is for some to grow up thinking classical music is not so bad; it's not spinach.
Among his traditional tables and chairs is a fanciful wood-and-wire bird cage in the shape of an onion dome ($395).
A Puzzling Loan The partnership sought protection from creditors in bankruptcy court last year, and Independence has lost its $3 million.
The fee is permanent, said Wolfgang Albrecht Jr., director of the Bergen County Department of Parks, and will help finance "educational challenges that lie ahead of us and allow for its growth."
The intersection of 106th Street and Third Avenue is normally busy and noisy.
In addition to his daughter, of Manhattan, he is survived by a son, Andrew, of Los Angeles.
"When a diet has a lot of fat in it, it's more difficult to burn as much fat as one eats."
Then he added: "When we talk about the West, we have Europe in a separate account from the United States.
Under university bylaws he may remain chairman as long as he satisfies his administrative duties.
It is expected to bring $800,000 to $1 million at an auction on June 4.
HARTFORD -- Immanuel Congregational Church, 10 Woodland Street.
I do agree with Admiral Inman's testimony that there will not necessarily be dancing in the streets in C.I.A.
After yesterday's hearing, city officials disclosed that the Correction Department's inspector general, Michael Caruso, was reviewing departmental records to determine if there was any evidence of wrongdoing.
DECIDES that petroleum and petroleum products subject to Resolution 706 (1991) shall while under Iraqi title be immune from legal proceedings and not be subject to any form of attachment, garnishment or execution, and that all states shall take any steps that may be necessary under their respective domestic legal systems to assure this protection, and to insure that the proceeds of sale are not diverted from the purposes laid down in Resolution 706 (1991); 6.
The eventual effect on the reader is not unlike that produced by listening to an awesomely learned if somewhat ramshackle professor -- or preacher, a title that Mr. Marty, a Lutheran clergyman as well as professor of the history of modern Christianity at the University of Chicago, can also claim.
That compares with declines of 17.9 percent for BMW, 21.1 percent for Volvo and 48.2 percent for Jaguar.
"If they achieve neither of these they would prefer to stay over there," he added, meaning the refugee camps in the Turkish mountains.
"The hypodermic needle has been the main barrier between us and a heroin epidemic," said Mark Kleiman, a specialist on drug policy at Harvard University.
What I'm really saying is, 'What do you think?'
John McHale: former president of the Montreal Expos Bud Selig: owner of the Milwaukee Brewers.
Israeli officials had previously reported the shipment, saying the missiles, sent here by North Korea, were about two dozen Scud-C's.
Under the dual pressures of operating costs and financing charges, developers are working hard to bring in what cash they can by filling the apartments they have built.
A new volume in a series about the fantasy land of Shannara.
Mr. McIntosh, chief of the Creek Nation from 1961 to 1971, was a descendant of the Highland Scottish McIntosh clan and Creek tribal chiefs, and was fiercely proud of both heritages.
He's not believable in any of these capacities, but he can be very funny, especially when the director, Charles Shyer, gives him room to depart from Tracy's indelible performance and make the role his own.
Alan D. Flers Jr. -- Pleaded guilty on July 9, 1991, to two misdemeanor charges of withholding information from Congress about the diversion of Iranian arms sales proceeds to the Contras.
One of the more unusual collaborations around at the moment is a project called "Swimming" that combines the photographs of Tina Barney and a short play by Tina Howe, two chroniclers of upper-middle-class angst.
"It's no secret that Tim was against it."
They had been suspended pending the verdict.
Mr. Palmer, who plans to pursue a career in banking, added, "I'm not going to worry."
"I thought there would be a point where they'd start taking money from me," Mattingly said.
"Yale stopped Harvard 14-0 on November 24, 1934," writes Ms. Gubernick, "and Hunt and Mary Lee [ his first wife ] were there to see it.
And I could see the way our [ inaudible ] felt and our citizens and the men in the street felt in my constituency.
The sooty fires were not permitted to die, nor were Chengdu's sparrows permitted to rest.
But it soon became clear that Mr. Shekhar, a professed socialist, intended to act in an independent and pragmatic manner, accepting help from the International Monetary Fund -- unacceptable to many Indian nationalists -- and agreeing to allow American military transport planes to refuel in India during the Persian Gulf war.
The hundred or so kinds of cannas he now stocks include several he bred himself, like Exotica, a four- to five-foot-tall plant whose golden flowers are a dappled orange that change to scarlet with age, and Tigermoth, which has similar flower color but blue-green foliage.
Brundage said that anyone who supported a boycott of the Berlin Games, and there were many, was "anti-Olympics."
The bridegroom, 24, is in his final year at Harvard Law School.
David Shipman, property manager for the utility, which now has 3,000 employees downtown, said the suburban project is the most notable outgrowth of the Greater Vancouver Livable Region Plan, developed by officials here and in surrounding communities.
"I love it," he added.
"I'm not serious enough about it to make a new career, but I like to jazz up my yard, and add a few new perennials each year," he said.
Chop the carrots and the celery and cut the shallots in half.
The tumor, vestibular schwannoma, or acoustic neuroma, forms in the nerves that carry signals from the inner ear to the brain.
"If it's on her mind and she feels she wants to talk about it, that's fine," Mrs. Crowley said.
The Montefiore computer program, made by the Medicad Division of I-Sight Inc. of Orangeburg, N.Y., is at the leading edge of a new generation of inexpensive simulators that can be kept on desktops in offices.
In addition, Chips is expected to announce an all-in-one chip, with a simpler 8086 microprocessor and auxiliary circuits, for use in handheld computers.
Investment managers plucked what they saw as good values in a market they said was somewhat insulated from the confrontation in the gulf.
But such issues might end up seeming rather straightforward by comparison to the political process that a final text might have to survive.
Among the production's visual aids, consider the photographs, culled from the real Harelik family album, projected on high, and Mark Pinheiro and Lauren Rabinowitz's minimal, functional all-wood set design that establishes the boundaries between the two homes.
The tip appeared: a high dark spine of rock curving out to sea, ending in a natural arch and a set of offshore spires.
For instance, one man from Hong Kong in this past year played for $25 million at my tables.
Hanna will eventually leave Paris but is persuaded to stay in town by Harry Seagraves (Ed Harris), Trout's gifted lawyer, who is worried about Paris's image being further damaged.
As for the garage lease, Mr.
Digging with spades, the children found the plastic foam and plastic wrap they had hidden but only a shred of lettuce and nothing of an apple core.
"EARTH GUIDE" A documentary magazine on the environment with how-to advice.
There are three systems of higher education in the state: 64 campuses that make up the State University of New York, 21 senior and community colleges of the City University of New York and 130 independent colleges and universities.
The decision to turn the Jeu de Paume into a contemporary art space was made in 1987, at the initiative of Dominique Bozo, director of the National Museum of Modern Art, and renovation began two years later.
He has, for two straight seasons, strung up impeccable numbers through the bulk of the season only to lose some of his dominance down the stretch.
Mutombo made 15 of 17 free throws and Mourning was 10 of 11.
John P. MacKenzie's position in "An Exception to Civil Rights Rules" (Editorial Notebook, Nov. 8) that the exemption is an acceptable price to pay to obtain President Bush's signature on the bill is one that cannot be condoned.
Officials at the world championships have apologized to Hayley Lewis of Australia and Tamas Darnyi of Hungary over a mix-up at the meet's closing ceremonies Sunday.
In his dealings, Mr. Bilbeisi's grew particularly close with Nadim Hassan, an executive with the bank in Florida, court documents and interviews with people who worked with said.
W. R. Bruce Porter, founder of The Bruce Porter Company, which specialized in private fund raising for nonprofit groups, died yesterday at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.
NBC's "A Different World" may include one small plot element that would touch on the case.
The United Nations barred Iraq from exporting oil after it invaded Kuwait in August 1990.
And some don't know what to do with themselves."
People there are interested in listening on Armed Forces Radio."
The health insurance policyholders of Great Republic, whose assets exceeded its liabilities by $454,000 when it was seized this week, will continue to receive full benefits and payments.
Feb. 23 from 10 A.M. to noon at the Bronx Zoo, Fordham Road at the Bronx River Parkway, Fordham.
And there, the proceedings have evoked a sense of anger, puzzlement and, perhaps most of all, disgust.
Peter Barton Hutt, formerly the chief counsel to the F.D.A.
Is it merely coincidence that three of Aaron Copland's most powerful works -- "Appalachian Spring" (1943), "Fanfare for the Common Man" (1942) and "A Lincoln Portrait" (1942) -- date from the years of America's participation in World War II?
"And so I end with a line from a Latin poet more than 1,500 years ago: 'Death plucks my ear and says, Live -- I am coming.'
Federal army units also were sent on Thursday to separate Serbian militiamen and Croatian police officers at the Plitvice National Park, where two people died during fighting in March.
Under the original contracts, A.T.&T.
On April 11, California regulators seized Executive Life.
In many cases, the shifts have prompted new and different rental arrangements.
The deep disappointment, other than lingering bitterness over the Senate rejection in March 1989, was the sudden end of a relationship with a woman whom friends believed Mr. Tower hoped to make his third wife.
Open weekdays from 9:30 A.M. to 5 P.M.; Saturday from 10 A.M. to 3 P.M., and Sunday from 1 to 4 P.M. Crafts Council of New Zealand Gallery, 22 The Terrace, Wellington; 727-018.
I had not realized, however, that Picasso's vastly overblown artistic reputation was deflating so rapidly that it was necessary to stick pins in Stein in order to keep Picasso afloat.
"We had been intimate," she said shyly.
He is an architect who has become a real-estate developer.
Senator Tom Harkin This liberal Iowan never throttled back from his 1990 re-election campaign.
John Waters, the Baltimore film maker whose early work, "Pink Flamingoes," reveled in disgust, said he will eat nearly anything.
Which also means modern isn't really modern anymore.
If the defense has five or six defensive backs on the field, the Bills will try to have a tight end in the lineup and have Thomas run.
We've spent millions refurbishing and building some beautiful theaters in New York, and we hope the public will remember that."
Mr. Wang, who is serving a 13-year prison sentence for his role in helping to plan the Tiananmen democracy movement, went on a hunger strike last month.
"He was very close to the people."
While Brazilian guidebooks list as many as 100 hotels and guesthouses in Porto Seguro and the neighboring villages of Trancoso and Arraial d'Ajuda, English-language guidebooks devote relatively little space to this remote corner of southern Bahia State.
He categorizes Johnson ideologically as "a liberal nationalist who saw a broad consensus for a strong defense against external threats and for domestic programs that eased the problems of an advanced industrial society and particularly served the economic needs of the South."
By bringing business there they fuel the authority's economic engine, and they claim that local noise regulations could cost them so much money that they would have to cut flights into the area.
Jolley indicated that Meadow Star's next milestone would be the Mother Goose, the second leg of the fillies' Triple Tiara series, two weeks from today.
*Julian Vasquez, a 23-year-old right-handed reliever with Class A St. Lucie, who recorded a 0.28 earned run average.
It's a joy of life."
"The end justified the means."
They can't bang into things when the wearer is moving around.
Such a craft, Government and industry supporters contend, would push advances in aerospace technology that would lead to a new era of low-cost access to space.
Then shovel enough patching compound into the hole to create a two-inch-thick layer when tamped.
There have always been a steady number of them in good times as well as in bad, so if all new business development is stopped, we will have less, not the same amount of business."
The Montreal daily La Presse asked readers to write letters to Lafleur and promised to publish the best examples.
The Patriarch is the spiritual leader of more than 60 million Russian Orthodox Christians living in the Soviet Union.
He sings out that all this "makes for pornography."
A year after taking office, Gov.
"A pretty wood cabinet from the 60's?
The Russian army had to trudge every foot of the way; at Altdorf we hopped aboard the P.T.T.
On the issue of new drugs, its emphasis is changing from holding them off the market in order to assure safety to responding to demands, many from AIDS patients, that new drugs be released sooner.
General Manager Al Harazin said yesterday that he had spoken with the agent for the 35-year-old switch-hitter, a 15-year veteran with 398 career home runs who played for the Los Angeles Dodgers the last three seasons.
Under these circumstances, it would be strange if caution did not replace daring, if concern for accuracy did not override spontaneity.
They were part of the vast holdings of the Marquis de Segur, who at one point owned what now constitutes Chateaux Lafite-Rothschild, Mouton-Rothschild, Latour and perhaps half a dozen other chateaus in what is now Pauillac.
George Brett's homer helped Kansas City take a 3-1 lead in the fifth, but Saberhagen couldn't hold it.
Ninfa Segarra, who Mr. Fernandez feels is the most prolific memo writer, wrote a query about the institutes that contained 35 questions, many of which the Chancellor felt touched on managerial details outside her purview.
If there is no color transfer -- that is, if the blotter remains clean -- repeat the procedure, this time with whatever specialized washing product you plan to use, Mrs. Orlofsky said.
The town officials said the District Attorney's office had written to Federal investigators that haulers involved in the Kenilworth Lane dump were not targets of criminal investigations.
Saute sliced onions in a little vegetable oil; I prefer red onions for their sweetness, but white onions work well too.
They quickly brought in the law firm Simpson Thacher & Bartlett to help them seek damages.
Some people have taken offense at what they consider unnecessary sniping and unfortuitous revelations about friends, relatives, heroes and heroines.
This they believe will help explain how galaxies evolved from the earliest epic of the universe to the present.
This part of the brain is developing in the latter part of pregnancy, Dr. Murray said, so one possibility is viral impairment of this development.
The child's death touched off four nights of violence in which a Jewish visitor from Australia was stabbed to death and scores of people were injured.
Conflicting readings of inflation and consumer sentiment sent prices of long-term Treasury bonds tumbling yesterday.
Writers Call for Free Vote In a more direct challenge to the Government, a group of 10 intellectuals, most of them members of Cuba's official writers' union, recently distributed a declaration calling for direct and open elections for the National Assembly, a return to free markets for farmers and amnesty for all prisoners of conscience.
The Blue Jays, Wilson concluded, did not play good baseball all too often.
This week the annual College Media Journal Music Marathon convention will be held in New York, bringing together 4,500 musicians, record company executives and other new-music hangers-on.
A better way to handle arbitrary rewards would be for states to create guidelines for all types of injuries.
It is possible for the gene to be passed from parent to child and not produce the condition.
Regarding the causes for the rise in spending, Dr. James S. Todd, executive vice president of the American Medical Association, added to the list the cost of paperwork brought on by new regulations, the increased cost of labor and supplies and treatment of an increasing number of people who have little or no hope of recovery.
They argue that while the Palestinian movement is indeed in serious trouble, the P.L.O.
INSIDE PITCH PASCUAL PEREZ makes his second appearance for Class AA Albany Friday and could be ready to start for the Yankees by the middle of next week.
The Bloom Agency, based in Dallas, opened its New York office in 1981, and quickly established a diverse client list that includes Sandoz, a large pharmaceutical company, and Pentax, the camera maker.
"Our argument is that it should be a police matter and it should be police brass who determine that that train should be stopped for police interception."
Wrong-Way Grounder In the third, Alvaro Espinoza doubled to left, but Kelly grounded out to third in a futile trip to the plate, and Sax and Maas flied out to end the inning.
Mr. Albright has been chairman since 1981.
They gave produce from the farm, fuel oil from the fuel oil truck.
Aren't the Nets (19-37 before the game) supposed to be the metropolitan area's unstable basketball franchise?
Sometimes it just leaves scars, and those scars are revealed on "Death Certificate."
He said he hoped, for example, that advertisers might use the bureau as an intermediary to reach a number of newspapers simultaneously.
These estimates provided an average cost of $65,757 per employee per year.
Them There has always been an us-versus-them feeling in Hudson, a county of 12 industrial towns that could always provide a landslide Democratic turnout for state or national elections that probably exceeded the actual registration.
Philipse Manor Hall has some important collections that would be incorporated in the new exhibitions, including a series of portraits of American presidents through the time of Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Others are illegal, and some are both."
Each one grapples with his ideas in his own way, some writing poetry, some reading books and everyone studying their manuals, reviewing tactics and cleaning and re-cleaning their weapons.
One of the men on Florida's death row, Michael Allen Lawrence, 35, convicted of killing a young mother at a Majik Market near Pensacola, proposed better video surveillance systems for the stores, though more in his own interest than other people's.
"It's been a long, uphill fight," he said.
The award is based on evaluations by students.
When Fuji Bank admitted recently that an executive had forged nearly $2 billion worth of deposit receipts in a loan scheme, some shrugged it off as part of a dash for growth.
Fastest dive into obscurity by a Super Bowl star: Timmy Smith rushed for a game-record 204 yards in the Redskins' victory over Denver in XXII.
He was 92 years old and lived in Troy.
Carrot gnocchi is better than it sounds, the pasta's sweetness countered by a pungent saffron, onion and tomato sauce.
The European Community ministers have proposed sending a high-level mission to the Soviet Union within weeks to prepare contingency plans for food and medical aid.
And the Citrus needs an opponent for the Atlantic Coast champion, which will probably be Clemson.
Would New York City confiscate only those donations intended for physical improvement in local communities, or would the charitable contributions of all New Yorkers be confiscated?
The Associated Press reports that a man known only as Rashid, who looked like Stalin, died the other day at age 92 in Krasnodar.
Ms. Cohen is clever about tying and draping things around her waist to disguise whatever it is she thinks needs disguising.
Morton J. Tenzer, an associate professor of political science at the University of Connecticut, gave Mr. Weicker good marks despite his own doubts last November about how an Independent governor would fare.
Can you tell us, do you envision a new era now of using U.S. military forces around the world for different conflicts that arise?
Well, let me go back to, I guess, my first comment to you when we were discussing natural law -- I think that is important -- and then come back to the question of the due process analysis.
"That way of doing business is over."
"There couldn't be agreement on who was going to be the tail and who was going to be the dog.
"His experience helps out a lot," said Erickson, who had Ortiz behind the plate in 28 of his 32 starts this season.
In 1913, he became the only runner ever to win both titles in one day.
"It's about choices here," said Alan Berfas, the school's coordinator for physical education and health,.
Easy Goer finished fourth in the field of 10.
McGwire drove in a run with a two-out single in the sixth, but the Red Sox pulled away with three runs in their half of the inning on a r.b.i.
Leah Silberzan Sayles, a leader in the movement to legalize abortion in the United States, died on Saturday at her home in Manhattan.
The Russians charged soon after the shootdown that the Korean airliner had been on a spy mission in league with the United States.
"But before he died, people would call and say, 'I'm bringing supper over tonight.'
Ms. Rothschild asked the court to guard against allowing "self-validating experts" to influence juries by making unsupportable statements about cancer causes based on their own beliefs about what statstics say.
Spencer J. Volk, who has led baking soda and fruit juice companies, will try his hand at tobacco as president and chief executive of the Liggett Group.
The key thing is to get an effective cease-fire and insure the safety of the monitors."
Such printing was perhaps the most common cause of chronic inflation that had reduced the austral to one-thousandth of its value when it was introduced in 1985.
For main courses there are grilled swordfish with two sauces of red and yellow peppers and served with a warm fava bean salad; seared scallops on a fricassee of corn, tomato, zucchini and basil; linguine with baby Manila clams and a julienne of grilled vegetables; and shrimp and white-bean risotto.
The loss snapped a four-game winning streak by the Rockets and was only their second defeat in eight games.
The manual also recommends that the anti-abortion office should be made to look like an abortion clinic.
Jews, too, have little reason to celebrate, since 1492 was the year King Ferdinand expelled or forcibly converted the Jews of Spain.
"The fact that this is locally produced and could be supplied 365 days a year would be worth $1 more a pound to me," he said.
While the Pirates and the Braves played outdoors in nearby Three Rivers Stadium, the Penguins played host to the Islanders indoors at the Civic Arena.
The Government later filed a racketeering indictment against Mr. Milken.
But however timely it is, however scrupulous its facts, the film seems unreal because its characters are so one-dimensional, so downright scary from the start.
Off Broadway Dec. 19 -- Equity Fights AIDS will benefit from the opening night of "Raft of the Medusa," a play with an AIDS theme by Joe Pintauro, at 7 P.M. at the Minetta Lane Theater, 18 Minetta Lane, east of Sixth Avenue.
Like "The King of Comedy," "Assassins" has the slightly queasy feel of an extended sick joke.
She is currently chairwoman of the supervisory committee for Harvard's department of fine arts.
One purpose of Mr. Bush's proposals tonight appeared to be encouraging Moscow to destroy or move to the Russian republic some of the strategic missiles that are believed to be located in Kazakhstan, Byelorussia and the Ukraine, where Mr. Yeltsin's and Mr. Gorbachev's writs may not always run.
Those questions, I have heard were prompted by rumors that individuals who had worked at the agency had understood that I had been subject to some improper conduct, to say the least, while at the agency.
Her father retired as a materials manager for the Globe Products Company in Clifton, N.J. Mr. Kutscher, also 27, graduated magna cum laude from Brown University and received an M.B.A. from Columbia.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and Nat Turner, is waging an unusually visible counterattack against charges that he plagiarized portions of his 1977 biography of Abraham Lincoln.
Does playing against his old colleague and neighbor make it easier or harder?
Defying efforts by other nations in the hemisphere to win the reinstatement of Father Aristide to office, the Haitian legislature on Tuesday named a provisional president, Joseph Nerette, to replace him.
This film is very different in that it is more naturalistic, more realistic.
In a statement, Pfizer said its advertising for Plax was "unambiguous, responsible and accurate."
Visitors can bring back five fifths of liquor duty-free (six, if one is produced in the U.S. Virgin Islands).
As far as I'm concerned, it's over."
The taxable fund with the best return for the third consecutive week was Olde Premium Money Market Series, with a yield of 6.48 percent.
It's about younger, stronger players.
The idea that the Ukraine will never get a fair break from Moscow unless it establishes its independence runs strong.
The first chuckle in "The Comfort of Strangers" comes at the very start.
"That says that we really built our oversupply, that the economic malaise has not caused the problem.
"Scientifically formulated by a physician to address your most important health concerns, but produced by an expert pastry chef with gourmet goodness in mind," he continues earnestly.
Terry Dehere, who was 3 of 22 from the field against North Carolina, also broke out of his slump in the second half and scored 17 of 19 his points.
FRANK E. REED Chicago, March 15, 1991
But each producer assured me they had sufficient investors."
A trip halfway around the world is fairly extraordinary.
Some drivers may argue that the rules are discriminatory, and others will find them a nuisance.
But to leave it at that is grotesquely unfair.
Such arrangements have become an important source of needed capital for American steelmakers because they provide an opportunity to modernize plants and maintain competitiveness with foreign steel producers.
He served in the Army during both World War II and the Korean War.
The plant is in Flat Rock, about 30 miles south of Detroit.
Wary of sending new ideas to old (and fast changing) addresses, his remarks were in effect addressed to whom it may concern.
Cattle futures slipped on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange amid expectations for fattened cattle supplies to increase through the spring.
Last week three friends who share the trip from Manhattan once or twice a month were shopping at B.J.
He is survived by his family, his friends and his photographs.
Mrs. Doll, who died in December, underwrote "Other Dances."
Organizing such a productive effort, planning its duration in time, making sure that it corresponds in a positive way to the demands which it must satisfy, and taking the necessary risks -- all this too is a source of wealth in today's society.
Despite protests primarily from proponents of gay rights, the president of Texas A & M University is rewriting policies on discrimination and harassment to eliminate references to sexual preference and specific groups.
It comes with a free 90-megabyte cartridge; extra cartridges cost $229 each.
A good pasta consisted of tender ravioli popping their seams with stuffings of mushroom slices in a creamy shallot sauce.
For the relatively few foreigners who visit the Citadelle, reaching the structure is almost as gratifying an experience as seeing it.
They objected to the original design of the building -- a starkly modern white stucco facade bisected by a column of stained glass that would rise amid the block's 19th-century brownstones.
The reincarnations of the ovens, hearths and half-doors of New Amsterdam were "a way of hearkening back to simpler times."
There are other compelling matchups in other regions: Ohio State, the Big Ten co-champions against a solid St. John's team; a chess match between Kansas and Indiana.
The extraordinary costs are the result of environmental contamination on a scale almost unimaginable.
Mr. Waite said Mr. Anderson had tapped messages through the wall to him at times late in his captivity, once to tell him Archbishop Runcie had resigned.
Merchants of Venus Wetlands Preserve California rock is a matter of style, not geography.
There are already signs that Moscow's foreign policy is unraveling.
TEXAS RANGERS -- Assigned Chad Kreuter, catcher, from Oklahoma City of the American Association to Tulsa of the Texas League.
Under pressure from some senators, George Mitchell, the majority leader, is finally getting around to scheduling a debate on the gulf war before Jan. 15.
"Now and again I help out at my old place, and I've been to companies in West Berlin.
She called it a "neutral forecast' based on assumptions that the city's job base would stabilize and that the suburbs were filling up.
First, the hidden funds and bogus loans often passed through the International Credit and Investment Company in the Cayman Islands, a B.C.C.I.
The Federal Reserve Board may take some of the sting out of April 15 by confirming today that it has cut short-term interest rates, some credit market analysts say.
They seemed thoroughly acceptable, and, after he pointed it out, the way clothes should look.
Third, the Middle East and Persian Gulf region is now clearly an American sphere of preponderance.
It only exists as a park, Mr. Abramowitz said.
"Afro-American studies is on the cutting edge of issues being debated around the world," she says.
Words like "recyclable" or "recycled," for instance, have never been properly defined.
A.T.& T. said in a statement yesterday that no discussions were under way or scheduled between the companies.
He is Chief Minister of the state of Maharashtra, India's industrial stronghold.
Kruk is an obliging bloke.
Joyce said that Jackson should not play this year and added that the prognosis for his return at any time was uncertain.
In a brief comment to reporters on the delegation jet, one member, Bernard W. Aronson, the American Assistant Secretary of State for Inter-American affairs, said of General Cedras, "We are going to tell him this coup cannot succeed and cannot govern."
"Masks are very much a part of the spectacle," Miss McCarty said.
The check was intended to cover the cost of two round-trip first-class tickets, plus $1 each, he said.
Robert C. Bonner, the head of the Drug Enforcement Admininstration, said in a statement: "We hope justice will be done in the case of Jorge Ochoa and that he will be held accountable for his crimes.
Tim Hardaway had 28 points, 12 assists and eight rebounds for Golden State, while Owens had 17 points and 10 rebounds.
ROSE ARMENTANO, another resident who worked against the designation, was quoted by The Long Island Press in 1975 as saying: "I feel like it's a nightmare that's finally over and now I can get a good night's sleep."
Road Runners Party Feb. 9 -- Proceeds from the New York Road Runners Club's annual dinner-dance at the Sheraton Centre will help support the club's safety patrol in Central Park.
While an Indy car weighs about 1,550 pounds standing still, its bodywork creates an additional downward force of about 1,200 pounds at 225 miles per hour to increase tire grip on the ground.
A Lot on the Line After paying $475 million for Doubleday & Company almost five years ago, then merging it with Bantam, which it already owned, Bertelsmann was clearly in no mood to allow an unsatisfactory situation to fester.
Yesterday he teed off in the Long Island Classic, a two-day event for local pros with $5,000 to the winner.
In the latest skirmish, the city's Social Services Department cut his public assistance, Medicare and food stamps; a state hearing officer reinstated them last month.
'We Were Right' The report was condemned by many blacks and liberals, who said it "blamed the victim," and for decades the condition of the black family was seldom discussed in political and academic circles.
In 1974, the Raiders knocked the two-time defending champion Miami Dolphins from the playoff picture with a 28-26 victory in the first round, winning in the closing seconds on a touchdown pass from Ken Stabler to Clarence Davis.
The next morning DiMaggio's leg collapsed again.
"When I'm counseling women about Norplant, I ask if they've thought about the possibility of irregular bleeding, that they'd start bleeding unexpectedly at dinner, or at a dance, and some of them say that's out of the question for them," said Dr. Albert George Thomas, director of family planning services at Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York.
In 1968, when he moved on to Louisiana State University, he became a fixture at L.S.U.
He died of AIDS-related causes in 1989 at the age of 38.
In 1947 she brought together five photojournalists -- Henri Cartier-Bresson, Robert Capa, David Seymour, George Rodger and William Vandivert -- who formed the creative core of Magnum.
'Squeezes the Excess Out' No-fault insurance "squeezes the excess out of a lot of claims," and some lawmakers may conclude that from the study, Mr. Segraves said.
At 42, she is one of the highest female administrators at Princeton, tending a $400 million university budget.
"Regardless of what he did as an adult, when we found out that he wasn't really an orphan, we decided it probably was not a good idea to say it was a true story.
The devices have been implanted in thousands of women in the last 20 years.
Council nominees ratified by the voters in November will serve in the $55,000-a-year part-time posts for abbreviated two-year terms until the regular four-year cycle of Council elections resumes with the municipal elections in 1993.
"I developed a phobia about rain.
But it should never be forgotten that the actions and the policies of very few people in government, including the C.I.A., led to the sale of arms to the same Iranians who held U.S. diplomats hostage for more than a year, and were linked -- and we know this from intelligence sources -- were linked to the murder of more than 200 Marines in Lebanon, the savage bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Beirut, and the death of a good friend, Bob Ames.
Jenkins made both free throws to put Southern Mississippi out of reach.
In noting that half of the airlines named in the class action are in financial trouble, Mr. Krugman said ironically, "Clearly this is an industry that is earning humongous profits by taking advantage of its passengers."
will try to eliminate 10,000 positions through attrition and by offering early retirement and voluntary resignation incentives.
In the new union there should be no union cabinet of ministers or union parliament, except groups or delegations from different republics.
"When she was 22 years of age, she lost a job," he said.
It was disbursed under the Khalil name, but Price Waterhouse said in its audit that "since 1985, there had been little or no direct contact with the borrower."
But most people know what their local pitchers and catchers are earning.
Outside Public School 1 at Henry and Catherine Streets, the 11- and 12-year-olds filed into the vehicle four at a time and lined up in front of computer screens and put on headsets.
He said he knew of no festering hostility between the victim and the suspects.
B. Widener, one of three men who built the trolley system in the late 19th century.
board members are appointed by the Executives of Nassau, Westchester, Putnam, Orange, Rockland, and Dutchess Counties.
If not already waterproof, these as well as the child's regular shoes can be treated with a water-resistant spray.
He was 48 years old and lived in Austin.
In the last 4 months alone, nearly 50 people have been murdered, many of them apparently innocent victims chosen at random simply because of their religion.
proprietary; instead, Florida cut off this tentacle of the B.C.C.I.
Knowledgeable hotel guests know that a good concierge seldom bats an eye at requests for extraordinary attention -- such as one the Lowell Hotel's chief concierge, Mario Cinti, got from a client in Rio de Janeiro who wanted a new Motorola cellular telephone waiting when he checked in.
That angered students and other Albanians who forced reforms with four days of protests in December and who remember the massacre of pro-democracy students on Tiananmen Square in 1989.
By at least one measure, tourism is the world's largest industry.
Warhol himself says of film making that it's "just easier to do than painting.
Mr. Attenborough, a lucid guide, delivers information with the generosity of the giant clam that discharges a billion eggs a spasm.
Most of that has been sold, to buy food.
The housing developer for South Bronx Churches is I.D.
Wordperfect for Windows was demonstrated publicly a year ago, at the Comdex trade show.
Another reason the Twins have changed from sorry losers to overnight winners is because of General Manager Andy MacPhail.
In the future, Ms. Hollinger plans to dismember a silver basket and convert its sections into jacket breastplates.
The movie opens on Dec. 20 in New York and Los Angeles.)
She did the splits, that lady.
"This place," says Thomas A. Gruber, another McDonald's veteran who is Blockbuster's chief marketing officer, "is run like a presidential campaign, 24 hours a day.
But the personal diplomacy waged by the Mayor and his Police Commissioner, Lee P. Brown, failed to shatter the political distrust that has blocked the plan.
The father is an information systems manager for the Raytheon Corporation in Andover, Mass.
No longer will people wonder whether Michael Jordan's game is conducive to winning a championship.
"One always thinks of Madame Bovary as a woman in search of romance and adventure," she noted, wrapped in a coat between scenes to fight off the early winter chill.
"Compaq is saying, 'Reach out and touch us.'
About 200,000 of the 2 million American women who have had breast implants have implants covered with the polyurethane foam.
B22 Celtics take 2-1 lead against Pacers B22 Column: Anderson on Pat Riley B17 Hockey: Bruins defeat Penguins B23 Horse Racing: Strike the Gold takes a stroll B20 Soccer: Many applicants for World Cup sites B24 Editorials/Letters/Op-Ed Editorials A24 Cowering before medical costs City's loss is Albany's gain Still a Wonderful Town Karl E. Meyer: Kurds Letters A24 Anna Quindlen: The human condition A25 William Safire: Going after them A25 Mario M. Cuomo: Hollow rhetoric from the unions A25 Hans A. Bethe: Chernobyl -- it can't happen here A25
Since reaching Amman a month ago, the Iraqi said, he has lived in two rooms with nine others, hoping that relatives in Europe will help him get a visa before his money runs out.
Before a game with Montreal, the Mets will pay tribute to American troops who participated in the Persian Gulf war, staging a military banner day.
Also limit consumption of migratory fish like striped bass and bluefish, which often contain PCB's even when caught offshore.
The police and the Medellin cartel have accused each other of firing the fatal shots.
However, over the long run -- and that's what we're geared for -- we do fine."
82-78, there is a vegetarian Indian restaurant, Jhupdi, with the sensually spiced foods of Gujarat.
His duties included advising the library about poets and literature.
A small battery can be charged on house current and by generating electricity from some of the energy the moped loses in braking.
Their protests have been heated -- or, in the words of The New York Times v. Sullivan (a decision Justice Brennan wrote and discussed in his first class), "uninhibited, robust and wide-open."
It also enjoyed influence in the Arab world and virtually governed many of its former African colonies.
"I have to play within the defense.
Genetically engineered vaccines are also filling the pipeline.
He was indefatigable in his pursuit of excellence, driving grape growers, wine makers and merchants to better and better quality.
Mr. LeGrand now says he and his friend were only discussing rumors.
The store also has a sling pump with a band of satin that crosses over the instep and ties at the heel in a big bow ($300).
Mr. Vargas was charged with one count of second-degree murder and one count of second-degree robbery in Miss Yagodajev's death.
In response to rising war costs, the cash-strapped Saudi Government is seeking loans from international banks for the first time in two decades.
Its leader, main arranger and occasional pianist, Rafael Ithier, is the last remaining original member, but its fans don't care.
These include practices like imposing standards for education or physical strength.
Warehousing is now a losing proposition.
Sylvia Wilson, a copy editor at The New York Times, died yesterday at the Connecticut Hospice in Branford.
Hoping to lure more big-business customers away from traditional local telephone companies, a small Illinois company announced plans today to offer high-speed communications "superhighways" in several cities that are far faster than telephone lines now available.
Fifteen months later, after suffering a stroke, it was a frail, elderly man who made his way to the podium leaning on the arm of a courtroom marshal for support.
"It's like when you went to college and you keep thinking: Are we ever going to graduate?"
In a season marked by many sales, retailers continued to cut prices aggressively up until stores closed on Christmas Eve.
In addition, it will strengthen the attraction of America's political and economic system.
Mr. Barnes said the same thing could happen in "the housing remedy as well," a reference to the order by Judge Leonard B.
About half of the state's 14,000 employees are unionized.
The new naval home ports are considered to be state-of-the-art facilities that make more efficient use of Navy personnel and equipment because of the proximity of deep water harbors and of nearby naval air stations.
Would not a better knowledge of food handling and poison-prevention techniques be inculcated with a more demanding and comprehensive course?
Still, not all discounters enjoyed strong increases last month.
Jonathan S. Cooper, Manhattan Answer: Maybe.
As Jefferies embarks on his third full season, his innocence gone, his grace period complete, his responsibility in the infield heightened and his proficiency at the plate desperately required, Jefferies's public persona is bound for relentless scrutiny.
'Risk Is in Uncertainty' "The classical threat has disappeared," Manfred Worner, NATO's Secretary General, said in an interview.
Behind the strains are both specific disagreements and a fundamental gulf in the way the two countries see each other.
The plane was flying out of Schellville, a small town near Petaluma, just north of San Francisco, said Art Morriston, a Federal Aviation Administration spokesman.
A1 Washington Talk: For the education plan, a rare rosy forecast A19 Up from piggy banks, to real thing at school A19 Obituaries Homer Bigart, one of the most accomplished reporters in American journalism, died at 83.
Originally produced at the Arena Stage in Washington, this sprawling play is having its New York premiere at the Village Theater.
The noise reached Navratilova, as she headed toward her match on Court 2.
Second, people here have high standards, and will produce and buy good products and good services.
She lived on the Upper East Side, dined at the best restaurants, wore elegant clothes, adored the power that comes from orchestrating the sale of a Picasso.
The Compaq Computer Corporation's LTE 386s/20, which costs a steep $6,499 with a 30MB drive, is also scarce, and "customers are screaming for the 60MB drive," a spokesman said.
The current president, Katsushige Mita, 67, will become chairman, it said.
That may not trouble right-wing members of the Israeli coalition Government, who believe -- for religious and nationalistic reasons -- that territories are more important than peace.
Wayne 300,000 111 Timberline Drive 4-bedroom, 2-bath, 5-year-old colonial; h/w floors, eat-in-kitchen, fireplace; taxes $5,798.
The kidnap victims were working for a French consortium, which is building part of the pipeline.
A second suspect was questioned and let go.
He helped bring his team to within 3 points, 30-27, in the third period.
The move into Treasury bills, meanwhile, continued yesterday, as interest rates on the short-term securities fell further.
We have no witnesses that said that he did not run through a red."
She emphasized that Palestinians still considered autonomy under continued Israeli domination to be a transitional first step toward their objective of an independent state.
While the face amounts of those investments were $37.5 million and $1.2 million, respectively, it is not known how much they really cost the Saudi financier.
Now the Bush Administration has informed Congress that it wants to sell high-tech weapons worth $18 billion -- including F-16's, Patriots, M-1 tanks and multiple rocket launchers -- to five Persian Gulf allies.
Also squeezed out has been a sizable chunk of the attendance at the group's 73d annual meeting.
In days gone by, with George Steinbrenner in charge, Merrill would have been a goner with the Yanks in last place in May.
The Bell Atlantic Corporation, the losing finalist in a bidding process that began earlier this year with offers by 12 international consortiums, had offered $1.4 billion.
For example, the Central American country, which is one-sixtieth the size of Peru, also had 60 helicopters, and most of them were in good working order.
With a new name and a new impact, Chateau d'Armailhac will exploit a wealth of prestige that it has until now barely drawn on."
And Mark Powers, Democrat of nearby Niantic, did not seek re-election to the Senate.
"There were just too many bad loans," said Lawrence K. Fish, who became chairman of the Bank of New England Corporation in early 1990.
"Very often they are members of a double-income family, which usually means they're time poor."
"It's where I feel best.
But there is one term that no one at the Brooklyn Academy ever uses.
When a paring knife is dull or flimsy, little tasks like paring potatoes, apples or zucchini can become quite annoying.
A student who plays a sport in New York's public and private schools needs only to maintain a 70 average to retain his eligibility.
These accusations are dismissed by Mr. Newman and Ms. Fulani, who say that their fund-raising success comes from the commitment of volunteers who believe in the goals of what the party describes as a black-led, pro-gay, pro-socialist, multiracial progressive movement.
Armand Qualliotine's "Cryptogram B" (1991) is a tantalizing solo percussion score, gentle in texture and full of resonating angular melodies.
On Thursday, state officials announced that they would start vaccinating in Manaus, using an experimental French vaccine that is believed to offer 80 percent protection.
After Mr. Bush's remarks, Mr. Scowcroft emphasized to reporters that "this is not a military crisis."
That may have improved the political position of the bill's supporters and potential backers.
As it is, however, South is willing to lose one spade trick, along with one loser in each red suit.
In response to a question, the general said the Union authorities had taken extra precautions in recent months to see that their nuclear outposts are well protected not just from foreign threat but also from occupation by nationalist groups.
"Old Song" begins simply, "Take off your clothes, love, / And come to me," while "Stomping With Catullus" puts the same theme to a boogie beat: "time is now & that's the gig, / make it, don't just flip yr wig."
Any company that integrated its defense and commercial business, unless it enjoyed a monopoly, would doubtless lose its shirt in its commercial business.
After more than four hours of deliberation, the jury convicted Jerry Tyler, 20, of Temple Hills, Md., of premeditated first-degree murder in Jay Bias's Dec. 4 shooting death outside a Hyattsville, Md., shopping center.
"O Tannenbaum" just doesn't sound right on vibes and sax.
Rescheduled for Jan. 21, the interview was canceled again because of the war.
Someday, if this all works out, I can say 'I saved you $200 a year on your tax bill.'
For decades, the competition between ad executives in New York and Chicago -- even those who work at the New York and Chicago offices of the same agency -- has rivaled the baseball battles of the Mets and the Cubs.
It is no accident, he continued, that the name Del'Amico contains overtones of "loyalty and patriotism, because this is a show so much about those subjects."
Cadwell Davis Partners, New York, has established a new division called Pharmedia, to assist clients in the growing niche of creating prescription drug advertising that is aimed at consumers.
No matter what time of day or night, you'll always have something that people are going to love."
Publishers Clearing House carries more than 200 magazines and receives subscription requests from eight million people a year.
Chapter headings in the opening statement and topic headings in the answers were provided by The New York Times for reference.
But it is possible to piece together something of his life before he left home.
In his last book, a beautifully written collection of stories titled "Nebraska" (1989), ghosts, demons, witches and cannibals all put in unexpected appearances.
After brief stints as a press aide with United States Senators Irving Ives and Kenneth B. Keating, he began his long association with Mr. Rockefeller.
In March, she was hospitalized twice.
The list included most of the usual strong teams, like Hungary and Germany, but also a new one, Australia, which had not made an Olympic tournament with a full team of six since 1964.
Apprentice Program Begun At the Disney Studio, for example, an apprenticeship program was begun for 27 minority writers, who will become eligible for guild membership and are paid $30,000 annually.
"Then, as we came closer, some ministers approached us -- largely African-American ministers -- and I began to realize that New York City has changed tremendously in its ethnic makeup and in its church relationships."
Gwarfnahgle 7:25 to New .
Last summer Mr. Kowalski resigned his guardianship, citing two heart attacks that he said had been provoked by the strain of repeated legal challenges.
After the war, Mr. Olsten, a civilian once again, worked in sales and marketing for a company that made caps for milk containers.
The White House also criticized a financing device that meant about $4 billion appropriated in the bill would become available on the last day of the fiscal year and therefore could not be spent until the next fiscal year, making the bill appear to cost less and come closer to meeting the budget target.
Unionists fear that Mr. Hume's and Dublin's secret agenda is increasing the republic's influence over Ulster.
And while official Communist propaganda trumpeted the fiction of a nation of workers and peasants founded on the traditions of resistance to fascism, both the Communist rulers and the mass of the ruled understood their origins.
Mr. Maleka is so outraged about all these obstacles that he agreed to become president of the small but fast-growing St. Petersburg Association of Private Entrepreneurs.
Mr. Flaherty did suggest that Mr. Weld might be trying to achieve too much of his savings at the expense of state employees.
There are only a few states left that still have S.& P.'s triple-A rating: Maryland, Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina and Utah, as well as California and New Jersey, both of which are under review with negative implications.
The lineup was not the only thing that was fresh and new for the Yankees.
GENE RUSSIANOFF CHRISTOPHER MEYER New York, July 8, 1991 The writers are on the New York Public Interest Research Group staff.
Among magazines in which the new ads are scheduled to appear are The New Yorker and Atlantic.
In exchange, it got 55 percent of Reebok.
In good times and bad, Dr. Land's life was tightly intertwined with the life of the company and of a predecessor, Land-Wheelwright Laboratories, which he co-founded in 1932.
The notification of Mr. Clarridge's legal status was first reported on Monday by CBS News.
Indian groups and others have criticized the museum for years, saying the exhibit is sacrilegious, racist and demeaning.
To many Soviet leaders, Moscow's support for the U.S. gulf policy symbolizes the rising influence of the Zionist lobby.
"This was an enormous amount of work," said Dr. Kevin M. Cahill, the president-general of the society.
3F, 3-18, 2-chome, Nakanoshima, Kita-ku, Osaka, Japan.
Once Congress even comes close to action, watch how quickly Mr. Valenti and the cable companies figure out a way to resolve retransmission rights to everyone's satisfaction.
Apple Computer Inc. will introduce two new lower-cost printers on Monday as part of its strategy to make the Macintosh personal computer and associated equipment more affordable.
Several industry executives recalled that Ms. Koplovitz initially preferred to do more high-profile and costly things like bidding for major league baseball and producing expensive movies that could be eligible for awards.
Sanitation conditions are poor or worse.
Basketball National Basketball Association NEW YORK KNICKS -- Acquired the rights to Joe Wylie, forward, from the Los Angeles Clippers for their 1993 second-round draft pick.
Darwish Mustafa said Mr. Moro's body was found in the bridge area, contradicting rumors that he had jumped off the sinking ferry.
In 1982 Mr. Satiacum fled to Canada while awaiting sentencing in the United States on racketeering charges that involved trafficking in contraband cigarettes, arson and the attempted murder of a rival tribal leader.
But New Jersey members of Congress say they are as concerned about national defense as they are about the state's economy.
Some birds offered medleys worthy of Barry Manilow.
James Levine's breathless tempos seemed to set the tone for all this kinetic activity; his orchestra, however, played beautifully after intermission.
New York, Dec. 16, 1991
To the Editor: I was disappointed by the apocalyptic tone of "The S.E.C.
ACCESSORIES MAY BE EXTRAS, but they are actually essentials.
Hull, who came into the game as the tournament's second-leading scorer, had another frustrating night and had no points despite having five shots on goal.
One logical home-town buyer, the City of Miami, needs more office space but passed on the building, largely because such opulent quarters would not sit well with voters.
-- The seven leading industrialized democracies heard President Mikhail S. Gorbachev outline plans to reform the Soviet economic system and request help; they promised technical aid and advice, but not much money, and invited Moscow to become an associate member of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank.
In the late 1970's, Digital Research's CP/M program was the dominant operating system for personal computers.
In the 10-year life of Arianespace, the French-led European rocket venture, France has not only built the world's busiest commercial satellite launching center here, but has also sought to create from scratch a modern French city in the heart of this onetime equatorial penal colony.
"The snowballing of your personality starts to balance when you have your apartment and a job," he said.
Honorary degrees were also conferred on Sister Mary Rose McGeady, the president of Covenant House, and James J. Nicholson, who is leaving his position as chairman of the board of trustees at the College of New Rochelle.
Ogrodnick's fifth goal, the one that gave the Rangers a 4-1 lead and emptied the stands, came at 14:13.
"It can't help but add to the accident rate, injury and death."
"He came out and said, 'What happened?'
When the Civil War started, officers stationed in Texas, including Robert E. Lee, John Bell Hood and Albert Sidney Johnston, provided nearly the only experienced leadership either side could muster.
Tomorrow at noon and 1:30 P.M. at the Jamaica Arts Center, 161-04 Jamaica Avenue, Jamaica, Queens.
Mr. Vargas confessed to the killing, which had shocked the area's insular Hasidic community, after his arrest on Saturday night, said Andrew Dember, an assistant district attorney in Brooklyn.
Jesse Jackson, press harpoons and candidate snits, this uncharacteristically important race approaches its Tuesday climax in what at first blush appears to be the standard indigenous style.
It will keep, refrigerated, for two to three weeks.
There is no question in my mind that the imposition of tuition and the relatively rapid increase in tuition over the last couple of years has made it more difficult for students to attend, certainly more difficult for students to attend without working and also taking out loans, and hence the distractions to the academic programs which were not present when tuition was essentially free.
In the case scheduled to be heard later this month, Mr. Thornburgh will appear as a "friend of the court" because the Justice Department is not a party to the dispute.
He summarized, "I love Italy as landscape."
By contrast, rates at the Plaza, on Fifth Avenue and Central Park South, range from $235 to $495; at the Peninsula, Fifth Avenue and 55th Street, $250 to $385; at the Pierre, Fifth Avenue and 61st Street, $280 to $420.
Just what are the career batting averages of both players on artificial turf and on natural grass?
"The idea of self-employment as an alternative has not been well explored in this country," said Bonnie Dallinger, director of the Enterprise Project.
Clutching his cap and gown, he went on: "I'm graduating in five days and I want someone who gives me more than ambiguity when they talk about a better job market."
In 1981, the least affordable year -- when interest rates on mortgage loans had risen to more than 16 percent -- the national median income was only 69 percent of what was needed to buy the median-priced home, costing $66.400.
"I do have a knowledge of what Sean wanted his plays to be like, because we shared an awful lot of thoughts about the theater together," said Ms. O'Casey, who studied acting at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, toured England and America at the age of 18 with the Dublin Players and worked at the Bristol Old Vic.
Benjamin Franklin Baer, chairman of the United States Parole Commission, died April 9 at Washington Hospital Center in Washington.
It wouldn't, now or later.
6 9 SEPTEMBER, by Rosamunde Pilcher.
I'm a fan of John Lee Hooker, Ray Charles and Tony Bennett, and I'm not saying they should give it up.
Straight up and down,' which I decode as, 'O.K., I'm getting a little too flighty here; just say the lines.'
Combine scallions, honey, soy sauce, sherry, oyster sauce, ginger root and garlic.
It was a very gradual type of thing.
Nearly half of the increase -- 149,493 -- was registered in Brooklyn, which has seen a large influx from the Caribbean.
"We took responsibility for the spill and we worked hard to minimize any damage," he said.
In 1938, he attracted the attention of critics when he exhibited the first of his long series of bronze sculptures of cardinals in Milan.
Next, Uruguay A few blocks east, at 77-05 37th Avenue, is 18 de Julio, a restaurant named in honor of the Constitution Day of Uruguay, another country that is part of the Jackson Heights mosaic, in a small but visible way.
He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Herbert I. Kutscher of New York.
The ballet component was designed with Eliot Feld, the choreographer and director of the Feld Ballets/NY company.
Having failed to persuade Slovenia and Croatia to remain part of Yugoslavia, the European Community is expected to call on the 35-nation Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe to hold an emergency debate on the crisis in the Balkans.
It puts people off balance.
He offers more winter coats than most designers this season.
He was joined along the way by reinforcements, which swelled his army to 25,000, but the largest group, dispatched from Transylvania, did not reach him in time.
The discovery, if confirmed, would be the first detection of a distinct pattern in the brain that could help explain sexual preference among men.
In Washington last week, the satff of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission recommended that Yankee Rowe stay open at least through April.
The embattled President began his campaign Tuesday on an unannounced trip to Byelorussia, a relatively conservative republic where he evidently hoped to generate momentum toward the referendum on national unity that he has called for March 17.
Mr. Greenspan's pessimism contrasts sharply with his euphoria of last summer, when he told Congress, "There are compelling signs that the recession is behind us."
Her father is the president of Superior Brands, a pet-food company in Quincy, Mass.
It has taken centuries for Rabbi Johanan's marvelous vision to achieve its current prominence.
That would let the city reduce its annual contribution to the system and use that money for raises.
"That is the essence of our strategy," said Mr. Dell, whose 35 percent stake in Dell is now worth almost $230 million.
Still, they led by just 5 going into the second half.
POTATO SALAD and coleslaw are the staples of summer.
could come home to a parade, a medal and the disclaimer that she is not fit for combat.
These creations are like music videos, but they are also "interactive," allowing the computer user to cut among songs, movie scenes, animated graphics and excerpts from documentaries in response to whatever is on the screen at any moment.
Psychosis is a psychiatric term indicating an inability to separate real from unreal experiences.
Senator from New Hampshire Washington, Oct. 24, 1991
Liberal Standard-Bearer Even many of his critics acknoweldge that Mr. Kennedy is one of the most influential Senators on Capitol Hill, perhaps the most visible standard-bearer for liberal causes.
Undulations of Tranquillity "This is the first visible piece of a very grand master plan that could go over decades before being fully realized," said Mr. Polshek, "and so we felt it had to make some statement about optimism and the future, and it had to be very special in certain ways."
That skews political representation in Federal, state and local legislatures.
"I know that I made a point of watching because of his hype," said Maureen R. Connolly, a political consultant who has been active in many New York campaigns.
As a junior, Owens averaged 23.3 points and 11.6 rebounds and was the Big East Player of the Year as Syracuse won the conference title.
Prints produced from the artist's plates by his daughter, Caroline Weir Ely, and signed by her are among the 40 etchings and drypoints on view.
"The diamond is an African symbol for the cycle of life and death," Mr. Brunson said.
But critics fear that the research will ultimately limit patients' choices, producing a "cookbook" style of medicine that addresses the needs of an average patient, without taking individuals into account.
Mr. Lewis writes of people inviting "friends over for beer, pretzels and death."
issued a joint statement acknowledging continuing differences on what "crosses the line," but agreeing that both "stand firm on the value of free expression and on the inappropriateness of blatant expressions of bigotry, racism and hate."
Mr. Baltazar said he doubted that there were any Jews in Mr. Roman's Government.
Mr. Kasanoff is a son of the late Richard and Pearl Kasanoff.
The Bush proposal would allow suits charging harassment, based on sex, race, religion or national origin.
On a larger scale, Bertram Yachts is showing its new 60-foot convertible sport-fishing yacht.
Several members of the committee have expressed concern about the management and cost of the department's program to rebuild and modernize the nuclear weapons industry.
The $4 million annual interest, converted to local currency, would go into the national environment fund.
As Mr. Baker flew from Ottawa to Washington, Jacques Poos, the Foreign Minister of Luxembourg and the current President of the 12-nation European Community, telephoned him to say that the community was abandoning its peace initiative as well.
You do not say what the tops are made of, but I assume that they are covered with plastic laminate.
"Therefore I feel a great deal of conflict."
At the same time, the House Democratic leadership signaled that the full House would consider the legislation as early as next week.
William A. Genuario performed the ceremony.
That means that the mechanism of power is not functioning properly.
His opinion could become a serious obstacle for Congressional passage of the Administration's plan.
But I do believe it is time for our elected officials to act like men and not overgrown fraternity boys who use political position as the ultimate pickup line.
Chocolates Doing Well But Godiva's Reading chocolate plant, its only one in the United States, has been virtually unaffected by recession, according to Kevin Lowery, a spokesman for the Campbell Soup Company, Godiva's parent.
Suggesting that investors were not buying or selling much of anything to any great extent, the Dow Jones industrial average of 30 blue chips fell 7.18, to 2,891.83, for the third loss in as many days.
Developers have nothing to worry about, local control is preserved, and we will have a greenway."
"But yields in the five-year sector are pretty good right now," Mr. McCarthy added. "
It was a long day.
It's sort of the same thing."
Government officials earlier this week said F.D.A.
Mr. Graham was born in Seattle, attended the University of Washington and received a degree in fine arts and architecture from Yale.
If the user returns and taps his or her keyboard, Godzilla has the manners to stop what it's doing and wait for the computer to be free again.
The shares began trading at $5.50 a share on Feb. 1 and have climbed past $11.Yesterday, they closed at $11.50 a share, up 37 1/2 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.
International Specialty Products, 17.4 million common-share global offering, 14 million shares in U.S. Merrill Lynch & Co. IPL Systems Inc., global offering of two million Class A shares.
KING'S INDIAN DEFENSE White Black Timman Kasparov 1 d4 Nf6 2 c4 g6 3 Nf3 Bg7 4 g3 O-O 5 Bg2 d6 6 O-O Nbd7 7 Nc3 e5 8 Qc2 c6 9 Rd1 Qe7 10 b3 ed 11 Nd4 Re8 12 Bb2 Nc5 13 e3 a5 14 a3 h5 15 b4 Nce4 16 b5 Bd7 17 Rac1 h4 18 a4 hg 19 hg Nf2 20 Qf2 Ng4 21 Qf3 Ne3 22 Re1 Bd4 23 Nd5 Ng4 24 Bd4 Qe1 25 Re1 Re1 26 Bf1 cd 27 Qd5 Rae8 28 Bf2 Be6 29 Qb7 Rc1 30 Qc6 Rc8 31 Qe4 R8c4 32 Qa8 Kh7 33 b6 Rb4 34 Qa5 Rbb1 35 Kg2 Rc2 36 Resigns
But none of this suggests that Beverly Hills has lost its luster.
And in the United States, everyone now knows at least two Russian words, glasnost and perestroika.
We had to put a pill in our mouth, take a drink, then open our mouth so that a pharmacist mate could make sure that we swallowed the pill.
She said she passed out and "when I woke up I felt real empty and wanted another fix."
The report covers production in 41 countries and represents 95 percent of world steel output.
But he has also criticized Judge Wachtler for creating a constitutional issue that cannot be decided by a mediator like Mr. Vance.
I'd rather think of the music in terms of areas of specificity that we've developed ourselves."
Adding urgency to the effort is the desperate poverty in Peru's Amazon.
There are bats gliding overhead and spider webs in the corners; they're the spooky solution to the mosquito problem.
Prosecutors yesterday deferred to the judge's decision when asked for comment.
The Firm's High Fees The firm's investors are now wondering if the changes in investment strategy will be able to bring them returns close to those in the 80's, enough to justify paying the firm's high fees.
Then they scaled it down and let the civilians in."
Turn left and proceed to the fork in the road, Main Street.
The character of the still officially secret report is indicated by some of its reasoning.
Shy, introverted people, unworldly types and visitors from places sometimes described as the sticks are often remarkably adept at this very minor art.
'Never Told' of Possible Charge Speaking to reporters today just outside the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he had just delivered a speech, Mr. Kennedy did not deny that he failed to respond at least twice to police inquiries on March 31.
On the strength of its brand name, La-Z-Boy has 30 percent of the $1.5 billion reclining-chair market, according to analysts.
Indeed, joyful expectancy was probably the most revolutionary aspect of Molly Dodd's situation.
The bonds are insured by the Municipal Bond Investor's Assurance Corp. and rated triple-A by Moody's and S.& P. * Shearson Lehman Holdings Inc., New York, is offering $150 million in 8 3/8 percent notes, due in 1993, at 99.773 to yield 8.50 percent, through Shearson Lehman.
"The Addams Family" begins with the sight of Christmas carolers, then lets the camera pan upward until its finds the Addamses all set to pour a caldron of hot liquid upon these happy souls.
"Luis has this beautiful, rich, deep voice that makes it almost impossible for me to say no to him," Ms. Ronstadt said.
Two planes were chartered to fly the Governor and his entourage to Manchester, at a cost of $30,000.
Now that the war is under way, Mr. Bookbinder said, "We're involved in a just war which must be won."
Also, there was all this big hype -- playing at the White House, being on '60 Minutes,' all of that.
"He had to convince us he could be the leader of both sides.
Among the best-known ecclesiastical attractions in New York is the Cathedral of St. John the Divine.
The show is concentrated -- four paintings, each 66 by 66 inches, each with swirls of rich, lush color framing, pushing through or pressing against strips of pure white canvas.
By the late 70's, the book was out of print, but last month, Good Books, a small publishing house in Intercourse, reissued the book, priced at $15.95.
This will translate into lost jobs for about 600,000 people if something is not done quickly.
Competitors' Comments Timothy Smith, an American Airlines spokesman, said American had no immediate plans to match the British Airways program.
In its 1990-91 annual appeal, United Way of New York showed no growth from its previous drive, which raised about $77 million.
In some cases, nurses failed to notify doctors of important changes in the conditions of patients and doctors failed to conduct proper diagnostic tests.
"We are maintaining constant contact with President Gorbachev and republican leaders and we are coordinating our actions," he declared in a statement evidently intended to soothe secessionist passions.
"American Playhouse" series, New York, for "an outstanding record of achievement over nine seasons."
Around him, his old friends and his old riders gabbed away, telling stories of the past and present.
A judge is expected to rule soon on the conservation groups' request to stop the hunt.
The Governor's latest proposal would cut state aid to schools by $256 million, with the cuts for each school district averaging 3 percent of its total state aid package.
I cried for three days."
In the analysis given to the Arab officials by Mr. Ruhani, Iran calculated that Iraq would fail to recruit Arab and Muslim countries to its side, and that it would fail to drag Israel into war.
"I'm going to do everything in my power to get that law passed so that the bars are responsible," said the dead student's father, Larry G. Wooten.
Not just you and me but the fancy folks and the downtown down-and-outers, whoever they might have been.
At around 5:30, the phones start ringing more frequently.
Mr. Duke seemed "more strident," he said, while the usually flamboyant Mr. Edwards was "more conciliatory."
He was released on his own recognizance and is back with 17 of his children in his home on the historic block of Striver's Row at 257 West 139th Street in Harlem.
I had a lot of support from a lot of different people: my family, my friends, my doctor, my teammates.
Now, I'm getting more exposure in Hartford and sharing information with other producers.
Clemens received a stay on that sentence just before opening day when Commissioner Fay Vincent agreed to hear his appeal.
Mr. Benjaminson said his agency's investigation did not include tracking down the holders of the forged licenses.
The sale's most important image of the Charles Schulz characters depicts Charlie Brown skating on thin ice, while Linus, on his back, appears in danger of falling through the ice and Snoopy tugs fiercely at Linus's blanket.
"Why is so much effort going into discrediting the sources behind the photograph rather than negotiating for the men in the photo?"
"They use bourgeois liberalization in China as their fifth column."
A readable and insightful examination of the company that perfected the leveraged buyout, by a Times reporter who doesn't hesitate to identify heroes and villains.
Negotiations on Suit Mr. Bush's conduct could have barred him permanently from the savings industry.
The 46-year-old former Los Angeles Laker coach didn't say when he would meet again with Checketts.
The attack is the ninth incident classified as a bias crime since July 1 in the Canarsie area, said Sergeant Hazel.
The school, which had been planned for many years, opened on Sept. 9 with a kindergarten and first grade.
But while stock funds generally are not taking in money as rapidly as they did early this year, when share prices shot upward, bond funds are seeing some of the best days ever.
The Practical Traveler column on April 7 misstated the toll-free number for callers in New York State to inquire about the National Safety Council's defensive driving courses.
Since the very first days, she has shied from the spotlight.
Every inch of Arab land occupied by the Israelis by war and force -- the Golan, the West Bank, Jerusalem -- must be returned in their entirety to their legitimate owners."
Setting New Examples He said that he thought the best way to change the Salomon culture was setting new examples from the top and that some of the firm's employees would have to go if they could not adapt to the new way of conducting business.
A walking tour, with stops at the General Theological Seminary (formerly the site of the Grand Opera House), the Chelsea Hotel and the current national headquarters of the Communist Party.
Undercover penetrations of terrorist groups are among the most difficult tasks in all espionage, and so the losses of agents are viewed as especially grave.
"Eadweard Muybridge and Contemporary American Photography," a traveling exhibition that opened at the museum on June 28, was organized by Jock Reynolds, director of the Addison Gallery of American Art at the Phillips Academy in Andover, Mass., and James Sheldon, the Addison's curator of photography.
Two of the three districts were rejected because of an apparent effort by the commission to help a single incumbent, Victor Robles, retain his Council seat.
The city's Planning Department has not heard in over a year from I. D. C. Sari, a French developer, on its as yet unapproved proposal for a huge mixed-use project near the northern city limits.
To Help the Elderly May 22 -- The William Alanson White Institute's low-cost clinical psychiatric services for the elderly will benefit from an 8 P.M. performance of "The Secret Garden" at the St. James Theater, 246 West 44th Street.
The acquisitions brought BankAmerica 373 new branches and $14 billion in deposits and expanded its network from California and Washington into six other Western states.
But I don't know whether that's a lesson learned in America."
In fact, the foundation gave its Lifetime Achievement Award to Mrs. Fisher.
College CALIFORNIA -- Named Mark Zembsch men's crew coach.
Air Force and Navy officials say they share common goals, but those aims may soon clash.
The plan, facing community opposition, was killed in 1971.
Next year will see the release of "Waterland," based on the Graham Swift novel and directed by Stephen Gyllenhaal.
The question for the Court today was whether sanctions can be imposed on clients who sign fraudulent papers, as well as on the lawyers who file the documents.
The Manhattan Bridge has received almost no maintenance or painting over the last 30 years, and its steel supporting beams, expansion joints and bearings have suffered widespread corrosion.
Mr. Burke called the start-up of Men's Journal "a gutsy thing to do in this economy."
A11 The first man believed to be killed by Jeffrey L. Dahmer, the Milwaukee man who is a suspect in 17 murders, was one of thousands of people reported missing.
"Two years ago we were doing nothing with amateur tapes," Mr. Savage said.
Then, he left for home.
Cadillac is among the latest to switch; its 1992 Seville and Eldorado models each have 50 fuses, up from 26 in 1991 models.
But I would say to those, even those who are violently opposed to his nomination, that Clarence Thomas is a human being, too, and he has certain rights that should be protected, much as Miss Hill has certain rights that should be protected.
"Consider one agency -- the Department of Energy," he said.
This campaign is a life-and-death issue to me.
Then, on top of haughty privilege, came the odor of incompetence as the Senate Judiciary Committee first failed to take seriously Anita Hill's charges against Clarence Thomas and then bumbled through last week's television spectacular.
At the time of their purchase they told Federal Reserve officials through Clark Clifford, their lawyer at the time and now First American's chairman, that they owned the First American shares, and were not serving as "fronts" for any other entity.
It was a remarkable reversal of form.
"Now," he said, smiling slyly, "the odds are slightly against us.
In announcing that it had completed the purchase of about $1.3 billion in deposits at 13 New York Goldome branches, Manufacturers said the acquisition would increase its retail deposits to about $18.6 billion.
Our journey, at last, had become a vacation.
A stage 30 feet wide is flanked by giant video screens and by towers made to flash spotlights and lasers into the sky and to create rainbow effects around the stadium.
He joined Salomon Brothers in 1983 and became a managing director in 1986.
Mr. Bush agreed at his summit meeting in Washington in 1990 to give the Soviet Union most-favored-nation trading status, which would enable the Soviets to export their goods to the United States at lower tariffs.
For many, the festive period between Christmas and New Year's Day brings an urge to dress up, whether the occasion is an office party or a formal dinner.
Merrill Lynch & Company acted as lead manager for the underwriting.
His father was the public affairs officer for the National Park Service in Omaha and was a correspondent for the Associated Press in Lincoln.
We are glad all this is over."
Mr. Keezer, who was reading the music while he played, instead accentuated the tricky forms; his improvisations, dense with flurries.
None of the clients has been identified, although one has been described in court papers as being indicted by a state court and facing possible Federal charges.
Only seven scores in the 60's were achieved in four rounds, and none of them were shot by Jacklin.
The restructuring is expected to meet some resistence from bondholders, who are being asked to swap high-interest notes for zero-coupon bonds and stock that pay no dividend.
You cannot imagine how much I hate him."
Yet the originality of the piece was that it was not an attempt to transpose typical Dean choreography to the ice.
Mr. Previn's first program includes Berlioz's "Corsaire," Dutilleux's Symphony No.
And some women like to wear no makeup at all.
As restaurants increasingly serve other, less familiar kinds of fish, the retailers will begin carrying them.
To the Editor: I recently deposited my collection of Baedekers with the Lancaster Mennonite Historical Society but your article almost made me rue disposing of my books.
A Record of 2-3 Five games, and only two victories, into the season, Dunleavy is attempting to reshape his team after losing its most important component.
As agreed, technicians did nothing.
That will be as true in the desert as in the jungle.
In the last few years, she has consistently voted in the minority, often as the only dissenter, against what she saw as a Federal Reserve policy of keeping interest rates too high.
Efforts at Reform Over the last two years, the National Front tried to manage this shift, agreeing to multiparty rule in 1990 and adopting a program to create a market economy and end socialism, moves that were heavily criticized by the fundamentalists.
CARLES SENTIS New York, Nov. 20, 1991
He could step right in and manage either the ailing Yankees or the fallen Mets as well as anybody.
A scrapbook of images of the 1960's, the choreography included intentionally disconnected movements that presumably symbolized the effects of drugs.
Mr. Major appeared before the House of Commons on Thursday to announce that the Government would relax the rules so the indigent could obtain emergency heating subsidies of up to $12 a week to pay their heating bills.
Silicon Graphics fell 1 1/8, to 36 7/8, also in heavy trading.
What the region is missing is leadership, someone to sell the region."
The cast consisted of Patti Owen and Peter Means, Christine Cox and Todd Woffinden, Elizabeth Zengara and Armando Luna, Catherine Yoshimura and Michael Cornell, and Andrea Hodge and Scott Brown.
Rolls-Royce said it had also agreed to hold talks with the unions about pay and job losses.
Analysts and market participants are anticipating that the January sales figures will be very weak.
1 Bush proposes Pentagon budget of $295 billion for 1992 8 A USAir jetliner burst into flames on a runway at Los Angeles International Airport after colliding with asmaller commuter plane preparing to take off.
suggested that capital goods, like computers, machinery, steel mills and jet planes, were "vulnerable to a considerable decline."
We are ready for a break."
A second ambulance took all the injured to Bellevue.
"This was a professional terrorist action," Hungarian police spokesman Antal Kacziba told a news conference called Monday to discuss the bus attack.
Metro, formed in 1967 in Houston, once operated commuter flights for Eastern out of Atlanta and lost a quarter of its revenues after Eastern's collapse earlier this year.
In the first two versions of the map, Trudy L. Mason, who challenged Mr. Dryfoos in a 1985 campaign for the Democratic nomination, and David Goldstein, the Republican candidate in a 1982 race against Mr. Dryfoos, were in the same district as the incumbent.
The biggest change toward more lenient credit standards will be in a $10 million mortgage program.
Villagers in Qinghai said they were unaware of the new Tibetan-language broadcasts by the Voice of America, but they all knew of the shootings of protesters in Lhasa.
But when the Giants meet the Steelers on Monday night at Three Rivers Stadium, they may find trouble.
In her new situation, the 48-year-old Ms. Evans will need to shine.
Now he argues that welfare dependency is so entrenched and extensive that it represents not just the worsening of an old problem but the emergence of a new, qualitatively different one.
Sure, NBC has hired former Chicago Bear Dan Hampton, former Pittsburgh Steeler Mike Webster and former Giant Beasley Reece as analysts, and Kevin Harlan and Mel Proctor as play-by-play announcers.
She is not only physically attractive and fit, but interested in her own career, her own femininity and in the issues facing society today."
"I don't think I have to bring it up," Gibbs said.
The Amherst College president, Peter R. Pouncey, announced last week that the college will be able to retain its "need-blind" admission policy, despite earlier predictions by him and the trustees that the only methods of insuring the college's financial security would be either to eliminate need-blind admission or to require students to repay or work off a larger proportion of their financial aid awards.
Toy trucks and tractors are displayed on the grand piano.
It's a reminder that height alone is rarely the enemy in urban design: it's the combination of height and bulk that does a skyline in.
The Governor and the Democratic-controlled Legislature face intense pressure to resolve the issue quickly because the state's school districts are expecting to be informed by March 15 of how much aid they will receive from the state for the next school year.
While not specifying how it would actually respond to any Soviet or other threat, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization declared today that any "coercion or intimidation" aimed at the countries of Central and Eastern Europe would be treated as a matter of "direct and material concern" to the 16 members of the Western alliance.
Mr. Bush threatened to veto the House version, which included a clause that would have allowed defendants to escape death sentences if they could prove statistically that their punishment was a result of racial bias.
"Burn me plumb back behind my ears," said Charlie Blevins, a 66-year-old retired miner whose father fought in the mine wars.
"He was working as a restaurant manager in Utah, and we got a call from his employer.
Up Against Time "We're fighting the clock," said Mr. Feinberg, the youngest of three children from a family in West Orange, N.J., whose leukemia was diagnosed last June.
So far, Dr. Breitner said, his group has contacted 6,000 men who are members of the twin pairs.
Experts agree that this would prompt similar moves by other republics, leaving Russia buried under a giant pile of worthless rubles.
The lumber mill is closed.
They were married two years later at the end of a weeklong party Goodman threw for his friends in New Orleans; in August they had a daughter, Molly Evangeline Goodman.
It would also be able to patch calls from mobile telephones into the local telephone network, allowing customers to speak with people using regular telephones.
This winter is proving to be another good season for St. Moritz.
"For some silly reason, I've seen other things like this bought," said Mattingly, who did not look much different after being shorn.
The National Football League Players Association, which has ceased representing players in collective bargaining and no longer collects dues, is contributing $500,000 to a fund to assist retired players who face catastrophic illnesses or other personal crises.
Crises are met for any prospective client, he added, but the average waiting time to be assigned a case manager is four to six months.
The Government has declared that it hopes to privatize nearly half the nation's 7,000 state-owned enterprises in about three years.
And it comes as Congress is considering a complex bill to overhaul the banking industry and mandate earlier regulatory intervention at troubled banks.
But it is enough for Mr. Konwicki to step outside to see unmistakably what the Polish new world has come to at this last stage of the decline of the 20th-century utopia: he risks either being drenched by a water cannon spraying still another street demonstration, or mugged by one of the neighborhood junkies desperately in need of a high.
"If we had continued doing business the old way, we probably would have gone bankrupt by now," said Kazimierz Brzeszczynski, director of manufacturing at the century-old plant in downtown Lodz, the nation's textile capital.
"By early 1991," Mr. Krugman writes, "about half of this divergence from the historical norm had been eliminated, due in large part to a sharp rise in the dollar value of the yen and the mark."
Heeding his political advisers, President Bush is nevertheless hard at work formulating an anti-recession tonic, something more effective than buying socks at the mall.
My game is not the same and never will be.
After giving a pair of harmless singles in the seventh, Howe was rapped in the eighth for successive one-out doubles by Carlos Baerga (his fourth hit) and Whiten and a run-scoring single by Brook Jacoby.
b-After recording a $ 14,284,000 reserve in the fourth quarter reflecting a decline in the value of the company's real estate, primarily in New Jersey.
In addition, many reviews seemed to circle around a few common complaints: I may have written a number of strong scenes, but there was too much exposition, a slight tipping toward melodrama, and the supporting characters kept running away with the ball.
"Our run defense has been very good all year," said Lageman, a first-round draft choice out of Virginia in 1989.
In the six months that ended April 30, First Leisure's pretax profits rose 20 percent, to $35 million.
I NOW see that I couldn't spin fast enough.
"Nine months ago," as Tom Wilkinson remembers it, "a woman came into the restaurant for a drink about 11 o'clock.
Dozens of opposition leaders have been arrested in outlying towns and in Tirana, he said.
Many of these illnesses are rare; if they occur in soldiers on active duty they will be treated by military physicians.
It's a peripheral heart: France and Germany are just a streetcar ride away.
Other recent contests had been lopsided.
"Islami announced, after a long debate on Saturday night, that the political parties in Parliament had agreed in principle that the Government would resign and a caretaker government would be formed," Dylber Vrioni, a leading member of the opposition Democratic Party, said.
That in itself would be such a welcome change that I would vote for him for that purpose if nothing else."
The Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-stock index rose 22 points, to close at 2,470.2.
"They do not want the bankers and the businessmen to see how we live."
Racal fell a pence, or 1.7 cents, to close at 56.5 pence, (97.8 cents); Williams fell 4 pence, or 6.9 cents, to close at $:3.33 ($5.76).
"A few years ago, people were talking about how much money they would make.
The 69-year-old lawmaker, a member of Congress since 1959, had an operation over the weekend to remove a blood clot, and took a turn for the worse on Tuesday.
C1 Machine translation gains new credibility C1 Sports Hockey: Devils dismiss Cunniff B9 Rangers beat Flyers B9 Tennis: Navratilova delays Seles's rise B12 Baseball: Perez arrives B9 Obituaries B8 Joseph C. Dey Jr., golf administrator Fashion Page B7 Arts/Entertainment Cuts in arts budget opposed C11 Fans mourn an integrated soap C11 Santa Monica, center of the international film market C11 Theater: "A Room of One's Own" C11 Editorials/Letters/Op-Ed Editorials A20 The President's popularity 11th hour for Polish capitalism Simple justice for aliens Topics: Stealth bill Letters A20 A. M. Rosenthal: Forgotten friends A21 Russell Baker: "Play it Sam -- fast" A21 Paul Goldman: The Democrats -- lying in wait A21 Marcus Raskin: What we owe the Vets A21
March figures give credence to a cautious view.
Group Captain Irving said ceaseless allied raids, including repeated strikes by B-52 heavy bombers, mean that the Iraqi soldier "gets little sleep, day or night."
With its salsa beat, the stirring "Where Do People Go" from "Runaways," with the lyric, "Tomorrow will be a different world," capsulizes the hope that rises from urban or cosmic anxiety.
Mr. Bush experienced episodes of atrial fibrillation that were previously reported after he left the hospital.
But nearly a third of the outstanding ballots are from populous King County, which includes Seattle, where the measure was approved by more than 60 percent of the voters.
Mr. Tuckwell, who turned 60 on Tuesday, performed on March 1 at Weill Recital Hall, closing with the Brahms Trio.
Favorite fare among the cafe's celebrity-sprinkled habitues are three-egg omelets filled with cavier and sour cream, Aunt Buba's sand tarts and lemon ice-box pie.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers -- Agreed to terms with Ervin Randle, linebacker.
Mr. Mallon also provides vignettes from around the globe and reference points for events that lie beyond the horizon.
Two plays later, under heavy pressure, he hit Stephen Baker for 13 yards.
The Community had already told the Turks to put their dream on ice for a few years.
Last year 240,000 Zimbabweans came for short-term visas that entitled them to cross the border, buy South African-made goods and hurry back to earn a profit on consumer products that are scarce in this struggling economy.
To pay the increase in a variety of different business taxes, he fears that for the first time in 13 years, he may have to close his restaurant for several weeks or months this winter to save on labor costs in a slow period.
Following are the companies listed: Admincheck Ltd., London; Advanced Electronics Development, London; Al-Arabi Trading Company, Baghdad; Al-Rafidain Shipping Company, Bombay, India; Arab Petroleum Engineering Company, Amman, Jordan; Arab Projects Company, which had post office boxes in Jordan, Lebanon and Saudi Arabia; Arab Trans Trade Company, Alexandria, Egypt; Archi Centre I.C.E.
Her father was a vice president of the First Boston Corporation in New York.
The other employee told the police he believed that the robbers were angry because Mr. Sehmbi did not have the combination to the safe, which is designed so that employees drop cash down a chute at night before a manager opens it in the morning.
Bill Sent to Senate Because of Senator Baucus's defection, the Democratic Senate leadership was unable to obtain a favorable recommendation from the Finance Committee for a bill by Senator George J. Mitchell, Democrat of Maine, that would attach many conditions to the renewal.
The Choices Setting Priorities As Cuts Deepen In cutting a projected $11.7 million from its current $162 million budget, Lincoln started with specialty clinics like allergies and rheumatology.
He also expanded opportunities for research by members of the law school faculty.
Everybody told us that we were going to New York to starve."
Often as not, they flee into the arms of other bores, if not downright heels.
Well, we can't do that before they come, but we can have that on our minds as something we are determined to do."
9 7 13 COLD FIRE, by Dean R. Koontz.
The Transit Authority's answer is a resounding no.
President Bush, after meeting with the German Chancellor, Helmut Kohl, said "not much progress" had been made in the arms talks.
It has also affected the traveling plans of thousands of people.
Iraqi Control Seen as Lessening The Iranian agency, quoting the Radio Voice of Revoluntionary Iraq, which broadcasts from Basra, said a former general in the Revolutionary Guard now says that 70 percent of Basra Province "is out of Iraqi Government control."
He called Mr. Brown's idea an "enhancement" of earlier systems in New York since the early 1970's.
At the latest by Sept. 25, when the F.B.I.
And, yes, they've been onstage together, once, as lovers in the Chicago run of "Frankie and Johnny."
Mr. Sauter's guilty plea was entered in Federal District Court here under the terms of a plea agreement with Federal prosecutors.
But now, as Ms. Jones finishes her third and last year of law school at Georgetown University in Washington, she finds that her wish to enter public service law, with its do-good intentions and relatively low salaries, is being smothered under an avalanche of college debt.
But on the first page of the first chapter, in describing the evangelist's physical appearance, Mr. Martin makes clear why he felt it necessary to assure readers of his authorial independence: "Only the large expressive hands seem suited to a titan.
Cut-up lobster, carefully cooked, came in an earthenware crock over clean cellophane noodles in a sweetish sauce tempered by the oceanic lobster juices.
"Some may be more dramatic.
It represents Mr. Washburn's life's work.
The reproductive success of the United States' 118 million dogs and cats far outruns our generosity; witness the millions of unwanted cats and dogs in animal shelters.
The rookie has 4 hits in his last 43 times at bat.
The incident was, in some ways, one of the more glaring examples of what advocates for the disabled view as the difficulties endured by those with physical and mental handicaps who travel by plane.
One cannot help feeling a certain sympathy for this gruff, honest soldier.
Conagra will exchange 0.5676 of a share of its common stock for each share of Golden Valley, the companies said.
"Environmentally friendly" labels are as ubiquitous in the 1990's as smiley faces were in the 1970's.
Among the most famous of these is Newton Circus, not far from the old Goodwood Park Hotel.
He made a blazing debut this year by outsprinting Housebuster in March.
"Don't be a bad guy.
There is homely Agatha, whose wry confidence anticipates a moving turn at the story's end.
Back in the parking lot, Mr. Donaldson excused himself to meet Michelle in his box.
Haulers' groups warned that the rate decrease would put some smaller haulers out of business.
Reading that, this critic remembered how Howard Hodgkin once said that "all collectors are prisoners."
Mr. Goldovich lives with his mother, Mr. Smirnov moves among friends who can put him up.
Simms, a Giant since 1979 and the most valuable player of Super Bowl XXI, had made a fine comeback from a serious foot injury that ended his season last year and elevated Hostetler to a Cinderella role.
Mr. DeNardis and Mr. Botwinik asked Bridgeport officials to begin talks on the potential merger before the university breaks up.
Today, her two friends, Ms. Wells and Judge Hoerchner, tried to explain, from the woman's point of view, why a woman would not want to penalize herself economically after suffering emotionally, and why women must sometimes swallow insults from bosses just as men do to get the best opportunities in their careers.
Karel Jech, a historian who is her husband, agreed.
But beyond style, his works vary sharply in their degree of personality, their sense that the composer has something burning to communicate.
His two-game totals include two touchdowns, an interception and no sacks.
In 1989, the American Institute of Wine and Food held a tasting of five chickens -- kosher, Perdue, Bell & Evans, Pennfield Farms and Eberly Poultry natural free-range.
Success for Moscow's maneuver would also give the Soviets a stronger voice in any postwar settlement, and would put pressure on Washington to agree to a broad Middle East conference of the sort Israel has strongly opposed.
In many cases, the panel said it was unable to confidently measure progress toward its own goals because of a lack of reliable, standardized information from the states.
But in the referendum process, many of the union's separatist republics and localities have defied Mr. Gorbachev by adding ballot questions.
"The city's problems are management-driven."
It was the gift of a free and unhateful heart.
At Sotheby's, a Julian Schnabel canvas failed to elicit a single bid.
That would be a serious blow to the $30 billion Earth Observing System, an array of satellites meant to discover how the global environment works and to document how it is damaged by human activity; to the $1.8 billion Advanced X-ray Astrophysics Facility, a large space-based telescope intended to peer at the most violent events in the cosmos; to the $800 million Comet Rendezvous and Asteroid Flyby, a planetary probe; and to the $800 million Cassini mission to explore Saturn, its rings and its 17 moons.
Mr. Guillet prepares his French lessons as intensely as he prepares his food.
But he said he was not prepared to dismiss his new subordinates.
What about a mothers-sons game?
Ward finished the combined four-hitter for his 16th save.
It will be auctioned at Christie's at the foundation's 1992 jewelry auction.
Sitting there on the grass, Barb and Chuck DeLuca will be holding their daughters.
And hard-headed statesmen and investors are recognizing the links between today's state violence and tomorrow's stability.
In any event, brokers will collect commissions whether they sell listed properties themselves or through a major exposition.
No one on the Street or in the halls of government seems to have any complaints about Beal's selling effort, however.
None of this bothered Ted Bavly, a 48-year-old resident of Newport Beach, Calif., who runs an executive search firm.
Big Horse in the Barn So, the stage has been set elaborately, even sorrowfully, for the battles of 1991.
Even then, he says, the crop is not likely to be great.
Meeting through dinner, the board approved Allen's plan to acquire NCR in a friendly $85-a-share stock swap.
"It's a politically loaded issue," Dr. King said.
Senator John Danforth of Missouri and his group of nine moderate Republican sponsors of compromise civil rights legislation are acting in their party's finest tradition.
Last year our reviewer, Carol Tavris, said she would "heartily recommend" this book "to anyone who is, knows, was or will be a participant in such a pair."
"What is the name of the book?"
Or to describe the book less happily, as fast as existing puzzles are resolved, new ones crop up.
But there are a few mavericks that do not fit the pattern.
The same principles will apply to the other republics, Mr. Baker said.
Johnson was a virtuoso guitarist, singer and composer, and the recordings show it.
And it said that in this case the insurers had lost their antitrust exemption by organizing a boycott by reinsurers of insurance companies that were balking at changes the defendants were seeking in the way commercial liability insurance is sold.
Laura Shapiro wrote in that article: "Upward spirals that propelled a dancer from kneeling to exulting, the leaps that ripped themselves from the ground .
Some analysts say that while Penney, like many other stores, has been hurt by consumer caution, it could do better if it moved faster to place national brands in its stores, especially in the crucial women's clothing departments.
It is appealing a decision won in United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York by 995 Fifth Avenue Associates.
Residents like to say they are like a small happily integrated village -- with a cooperativeness tended as carefully as the co-op's honeysuckle and roses.
b-Included for net income and share earnings a $ 14 million, or 25 cents a share, writedown related to the company's Bonneville Exchange Power contract.Share earnings for 1989 periods included non-cash accumulated deferred investment tax credits equal to 20 cents a share in the quarter and 42 cents for the year.
Sergi Bruguera of Spain scored a 6-2, 7-5 victory over Andrei Chesnokov of the Soviet Union, and Martin Jaite of Argentina defeated Veli Paloheimo of Finland, 6-1, 4-6, 6-3.
The problem for investors is figuring out how much higher some markets, like those in Mexico and Brazil, can go before a large correction occurs.
A report on the research is being published Friday in the journal Science.
Women's competition has begun in several nations, and the international federation has said it hopes to introduce the women's vault as an exhibition event in future world championships.
C13 A solemn Eastern ritual.
My answer to that inevitable question is always an attempt to shatter the idealistic illusion that surrounds the Peace Corps.
Some scoffed at Clarence Norman, the Brooklyn Democratic Party leader, who tried to explain to them that the police could make an arrest only if there was evidence that the driver had been speeding or drunk.
Robert S. MacLennan, Hitchcock's senior minister, and translated aloud into Japanese by Norman Miyabe, a church deacon.
A better approach for the Child Welfare Administration to take would be to work closely with, and fully evaluate, the biological parents, as it is supposedly required to do, and take some decisive action at the end of the child's first 12-month placement in foster care.
Bobby Jacoby Sally Applegate .
Today's Columns Just as Robert Maxwell is planning to try to sell common stock in the U.S., there are signs that investors may be getting nervous about at least one branch of his publishing empire.
Back From Oblivion Still, the Steelers had come back from oblivion behind Neil O'Donnell, a raw backup quarterback.
The campaign was created by North Castle Partners Advertising Inc., Stamford, Conn.
At one point the women pull out three platforms from under them as if they were rugs.
Prices of most issues in both markets were essentially unchanged on the day.
"Now people tell me the pattern they chose when they got married a year ago has been discontinued."
Before joining World Vision Mr. Mooneyham was special assistant to the Rev.
"And there are other people who, perhaps because of the recession, are realizing that a degree is essential if they are going to compete successfully in jobs in this tight economic climate," he added.
The essay notes, "American historians now wrote about prisons, churches, hospitals, mental institutions, mobility, kinship systems, social structure, public places, private places, sexuality, food, the bedroom and the nursery -- indeed every aspect of family life."
"We can limp along," he said.
You just have to know where to look.
Today, , they appeared to shelve that issue, focusing their discussions on a demand that Israeli settlement in the occupied territories must stop no later than the beginning of a peace conference, which is sought for October.
The use of cars and drivers, what we now call Sununus, should be cut to the bone, because of expense and because the subway would help commissioners and elected officials keep in touch with the city.
In fact, the National Dairy Council uses a similar illustration in its publication "Healthy Dividends."
"They, I mean whites, won't just see this as a case of did he or didn't he sexual harass her?
Underwriters led by Paine Webber Inc. said shorter maturities were priced to yield from 5.70 percent in 1996 to 6.70 percent in 2005, and longer maturities were priced to yield 6.84 percent in 2011 and 6.81 percent for bonds due 2022.
In 1989, an appeals court affirmed the dismissal of most of the claims but said those concerning the disk drive should go to trial.
At one end of the entry list are the seasoned stars, athletes like Carl Lewis, Jackie Joyner-Kersee and Greg Foster, whose Olympic gold medals, world records or world championships attest to their talent, fortitude and longevity.
And how does Riley feel about the honor?
One need not be famous or wealthy to enjoy a beautiful home, with handcrafted objects and foods.
But this, like the three pieces completing the program, was more workshop than stage material.
But to others, Mr. Simpson's behavior reflected something else about the state: the ferocious, howling wind.
Richard Monteilh, Newark's business administrator, said the city's property tax rate will rise to $19.90 per $100 of assessed valuation from $16.98 unless help arrives soon in the form of increased state aid and lower county taxes.
"Thank goodness for the Maktoums and the other investors from abroad," said Betty Mabee, who runs one of California's largest breeding and racing operations with her husband, John Mabee, the president of the Del Mar race track.
The nuclear industry is hoping that political changes in Japan -- chiefly the diminished power of the Socialist Party, one of its biggest critics -- will allow it to pursue its plans for more nuclear power.
One place to find them was among the stockbrokers: Salomon Inc. rose 7/8, to 30 1/8, after setting a new high of 30 3/8.
Gasoline lines nonetheless persist in regions near the battlefields.
A California appeals court ruled last month that the landlord can refuse if the living arrangement violates a "sincerely held religious belief that fornication and its facilitation are sins."
Mr. Nunn, like Ashley Page the night before, stood out as the zebra, while the energy of Stephen Jefferies's Brazilian monkey was matched here by the dynamism of Simon Rice in the same role.
But because these properties are among the company's most valuable assets, most followers of I.B.M.
" Close-Up Look His most distinct memory from that afternoon in the Coliseum had nothing to do with who won or lost, but a long-ago opportunity to watch this new championship game up close.
With the help of global positioning system satellites, the system discovers a vehicle's position and uses map data stored on a disk to direct drivers to their destinations, Mr. Mori said.
One can guess why no findings were ever published.
The industry will have five years to meet these stipulations.
660 of 1990, with the aim of reaching an honorable and acceptable political solution, including withdrawal."
Rumors of a land war were so thick that Senator Tom Harkin, the Iowa Democrat who was the first to demand a vote on the use of force when Congress convened last month, took the Senate floor to suggest that President Bush was going beyond the United Nations resolutions to try to "get rid of Saddam Hussein."
Each of the ten one-bedroom guest cottages has a glassed-in deck facing the river; the weekly rate for two people, which includes fly fishing instruction (a majority of the guests are beginners), guides (one for every two anglers) and transportation to and from Butte airport, is $3,250.
There were the additional three seasons shuttling from the minors to Atlanta, unable to stick full time with the Braves.
Some 300,000 have entered in the last few years, and a million more are expected in coming years.
He has cards he can play and he may be able to organize the other republics to go along with him.
There were high school tuitions and big-time college connections.
But he was challenged, among others, by his own party's whip, Senator Wendell H. Ford of Kentucky, who contended that his state would get less in benefits than under the bill Mr. Bush vetoed in October, and that no Senate Democrat had been involved in working out the compromise before them.
But that I was not willing to have this made public.
But United and Air Wis signed an agreement in September under which 81 percent of Air Wis's shares would be converted into UAL shares on a formula of 0.0606 share of UAL for each Air Wis share.
For one thing, the accord says nothing about the legal framework for elections.
IT is the quiet trends that sneak up on markets, noticed by too many analysts only when it is too late.
Many boaters who must be plucked out of the briny sea are not wearing such devices.
Yields on the serial bonds range from 4.60 percent on bonds maturing in 1993 to 6.60 percent on securities maturing in 2011.
Meanwhile, the region's seaports, on which the authority expects to lose $11 million this year, have been eclipsed as the nation's pre-eminent port by Los Angeles-Long Beach and need expensive rail connections and other improvements to stay competitive with other East Coast ports.
Joe Gibbs gathered his posse -- receivers Art Monk, Gary Clark and Ricky Sanders -- on the sideline in the first quarter here today at Soldier Field.
2 3 MYSTERY, by Peter Straub.
These critics say Canada's system is simpler and less expensive to run and can exert more leverage over what doctors and hospitals are paid.
Some of the early -- foolhardy?
Buried in the debate over bank reform is a struggle over whether taxpayers should be given a permanent role in paying for bailouts.
In the interest of time, Mr. Cowen said, Brookhaven has decided not to repair the secondary liner, but to install a new one.
A service called the Cruise Shoppers Hotline offers information on discounted fares at (900) 740-3400, for $2 a minute.
Still a Mount Vesuvius of anxieties on the court, McEnroe, who will turn 32 on Saturday, has been reborn in the exercise room.
Interest payments on the Federal debt eat up $206.3 billion, or more than 14 percent of all Federal spending in Mr. Bush's budget for 1992.
"Until now, we took away goods and redistributed them around the country.
Some leaders of AIDS service groups say they fear the state may alter its position, especially with the state health commissioner's post vacant.
The ceaseless writhings and shudderings eventually grew monotonous rather than sensual.
Decor: Old maps of New York City, framed collages of yellowed newspaper clippings, glossy photos of voluptuous blond singers.
To them, All-Bright Court is "the dream they dreamed down South," an alternative to the dead-end world of sharecropping that their families and friends seemed doomed not to escape.
Justice Antonin Scalia was the other dissenter.
NOTES OF A HANGING JUDGE: Essays and Reviews, 1979-1989, by Stanley Crouch.
Some analysts, however, contended that today's bond market selloff was more the result of excess supplies of bonds than fears of an economic rebound that might heat up inflation.
The opening theme of the Allegro tranquillo of the Sonata No.
I've clearly heard world music and rock-and-roll and blues, but the idea is to have it come out as some sort of other music than the rest of what popular culture produces."
Mr. Allen and Jeffrey Katzenberg, Disney's movie chief, were far apart on financial terms, executives said.
In addition to the labor provided by the prospective homesteaders, volunteer groups of church youth workers from other parts of the country have been working with SWAP during the summer months.
And he warned, "We risk being the first people in history to have been able to make their illusions so vivid, so persuasive, so 'realistic' that they can live in them."
On the other hand, 'For the Boys' is a period piece.
The stand-up tasting, called "Windows on Long Island" and sponsored by the Long Island Wine Council, will feature more than 35 wines from 14 wineries.
The cold noodles are the best."
He would grab any available glove as a kid in Venezuela and play without error or worry.
Eliminate dinner, they say, and you irrevocably damage the quality of student life.
And crewmen of fishing boats wonder what the process holds for them.
The Missouri Republican said he had spoken to Judge Thomas by telephone and quoted him as saying: "They have taken from me what I have worked 43 years to create.
Last year's budget significantly cut the Administration's request of $2.2 billion for placing MX missiles on railroad cars and $202 million for development of the Midgetman nuclear missile.
"When movie-makers want to say, 'This is New York,' this is what they shoot."
His grandfather made him stand up at meetings of the local chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and read his grades aloud.
There are, of course, many highly principled placement agencies.
In its most recent public audit of B.C.C.I., which was for the year 1989 and dated April 30, 1990, the accounting firm did not detail any manipulations or irregularities.
Ownership is not essential to giving workers a voice in the operations of their companies.
The courtship began anew four years later for graduate school.
(LP) 15 11 4 EYES OF PREY, by John Sandford.
Moon grabbed Lageman and started throwing punches.
His mother is a professor of medicine, molecular genetics and cell biology; his father is a professor of pathology and pediatrics, both at the University of Chicago.
That is 10 times greater than conventional line-of-sight radar.
"Nothing I saw today, nothing, leads me to believe that this man is going to be reasonable," Mr. Bush said at a White House news conference after the meeting in Geneva between Secretary of State James A. Baker 3d and Foreign Minister Tariq Aziz of Iraq.
Many people doubt the Government will repay the money with full interest.
I think he'd be pleased that I took the gamble."
The death of Mr. Casey, who would have been the key witness, and the unavoidable political aspects of an inquiry, may make that possibility remote.
The banking group surveyed 800 commercial banks, tracking loans in all 50 states, Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia.
There will be a showing of Russian haute couture based on Russian folk themes by designers in Moscow.
This weekend, "Green Eyes" will be performed tonight through Sunday at 9:30 at P.S.
VISITING gardens is as much a pursuit for gardeners as turning the soil in spring.
Sessions decided to invite black agents to Washington in hopes of avoiding the lawsuit.
Playing Kate in "The Taming of the Shrew" in 1956, she was seen by Brooks Atkinson, the chief theater critic of The New York Times.
The meetings, and the incidents, have overshadowed what has been the finest of Dibble's four major-league seasons.
Issue only one warning, then act immediately, restating the rule that was violated.
People are frightened because the buildings are old and frame and vulnerable to fire, and I sympathize with the community."
For the price of a good lunch or an inexpensive dinner, a guy can refurbish his wardrobe with a tie instead of a new suit.
ignored the tax costs in selecting the cheapest bidder.
But Kuwaiti officials said again and again that the group expelled on Sunday night were Iraqis, even after it was pointed out to them that such expulsions would be a violation.
But the Mets should make every effort to move them elsewhere.
I'm worried about the person who really needs information, for whatever reason."
Here are a few of the memorable moments for the ABC series.
Some of these guys have been with Al for four years.
They believe that people are basically good, but Mormon missionaries in New York City still don't take any chances with their bikes.
Her husband, Jack, isn't as spry either.
The Braves got only four hits in stopping San Diego's winning streak at three games.
If Johnson has lost some of his speed, he retains much of his confidence.
I saw him several more times.
He stresses the need for the poor to help themselves by working and taking care of their children.
Mr. Allen went on to describe a series of detailed warnings that said he provided to Mr. Gates and other C.I.A.
Foote, Cone sued, and six days later, T.W.O.
He graduated magna cum laude from Emory University and received a doctorate in psychology from New York University.
In the slums of London's East End, a deranged recluse named Spider Cleg reminisces about his childhood, which got off to a difficult start when his alcoholic father took up with a prostitute and murdered his mother -- or did he?
In the 1960's, 70's and 80's Mr. Mercer made and lost fortunes in real estate in Atlantic City and Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
Mr. Rudin said he had resigned both because he disagreed with Mr. Horton and because the president had failed to consult with board members of the nonprofit commission.
It was just easier to go along.
Frankly, he didn't look interested when we started."
His mother, Sara Ruddick, teaches women's studies at the New School for Social Research.
Iberia, the Spanish state airline, and KLM Royal Dutch Airlines of the Netherlands received approval from the Venezuelan Government to bid with local investors for 60 percent of the state-owned airline, Viasa.
Mr. Rahman also described a close relationship between B.C.C.I.
Whatever the obstacles to spreading recovery, the 52 prominent forecasters surveyed each month by Blue Chip Economic Indicators, of Sedona, Ariz., had some second thoughts in their forecasts in the August survey, released yesterday.
Even when a show or series comes along that stands out as original and innovative, I seldom turn on my set.
For oil alone, a Western banker says, that means an extra cost of $250 million, and that is at prices prevailing before Aug. 2, when Iraq invaded Kuwait.
A series of alarms did not work properly on several floors of the switching station.
A school that already does without a nurse might ultimately have to do without guidance counselors.
The department had previously appealed to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, unsuccessfully, to block the license change.
It has a nose cone, an expandable dome covered with nylon (for sleeping in) and baskets below for storing possessions.
When asked by reporters after the hearing whether the suspect, Dante Parker, was affiliated with the Bloods, his lawyer, Stan Slonaker, replied, "As far as I know, he doesn't mess with those guys."
Another innovative aspect of the program is the "tourism package," Mr. Musselman, the program coordinator, said.
All parents want to protect and help their children.
But as Senator Albert Gore, the Tennessee Democrat, and a handful of other members of Congress say until they are hoarse, the basic policy toward Iraq must change.
Student and faculty critics do not dispute the need for such work, but say the administration may have overstated the case.
That's how you really form and build relationships."
But they concede that they are playing down factors that could prove them wrong.
MODERN PENTATHLON United States Men - Stull, Austin, Tex.
The bets, sometimes made on what appeared to be little more than a hunch, often proved to be uncannily accurate.
How did she put this package together?
Replacing them at a cost of $3,000 to $4,000 will be tough for many fisherman, he said.
Although the private contractors later raised their prices and became somewhat sloppier, and Newark's city work force became more productive, the private sector was still 6 to 9 percent less expensive than the public work force the last time the service was formally evaluated.
You can't particularly change it.
His homes come complete with monogrammed bathrobes and custom-designed nightclothes hanging in the closets.
The Dhaka weather office said rivers all over the country were still rising.
A two-tier benefit will be held from 6:45 to 10 P.M., with a buffet at the American Festival Cafe in Rockefeller Center followed by mingling at Tatou, 151 East 50th Street.
The real fat cats are in Washington, piloting a ship that is sinking as the result of their 20-year spending binge.
Fermor probably did not stay for lunch; if he had, he would have discovered just how much Trinidad's Indian culture had evolved in less than a century.
Mr. Badillo first ran for mayor of New York City in 1969.
Partly as a result, banks are offering inadequate loans.
India exploded its first nuclear device in 1974.
How can I eliminate squeaks in them?
Telephone links to Armenia have been cut, and in parts of the capital, Stepanakert, 70 percent of the population are without heat and 30 percent without water, Soviet television reported tonight.
When Pittsburgh scored three goals in the first 12 minutes 10 seconds tonight it gave the Penguins eight consecutive goals against the Islanders in a span of 34:11 over the two games.
A Change in Focus Without the focus on the bipolar world, he said, there is going to be more attention to the relationships among hundreds of nations and ethnic groups.
Another plant that is sometimes sold at holiday time is the large-flowered azalea.
Her father is a dentist and an oral surgeon.
He said his bureau, with jurisdiction over telephone companies, had a $21 million annual budget and a staff of 300 and could not possibly police an industry with 1.3 million employees.
Copland "Fanfare for the Common Man"; "A Lincoln Portrait" Schuman .
We talk every day about this.
Although he was seeking his fourth ring, Smith, scheduled to be the designated hitter tonight, refused to take credit for the achievement.
Just before he departed, Harrelson turned to the elevator operator, and, with a wry smile on his face, said softly, "I never listen to that station, anyway."
(In that respect, it is like the dome of the United States Capitol, which was fabricated by the same ironworks.)
What is clear is that it's going to take a major renovation to get the building back in shape, maybe take even longer to renovate it than to tear it down and rebuild it."
We played off the sides of the Oceania Theater.
Col. Oliver North, a member of the National Security Council staff, funneled profits from arms sales in Iran to the Nicaraguan rebels.
If several taller buildings were constructed on the west end of the park, shadows would obliterate the most heavily used part of the playground in the afternoon, the baseball diamond and child play area.
Housing Programs: Vote on an amendment to an emergency supplemental appropriation bill that would have shifted $779 million in funds already appropriated for existing housing programs to a variety of recently adopted housing initiatives that have not been financed.
I think that today we can speak about the fact that we -- we cannot say that there is a -- that anti-Semitism has been giving -- given a free hand.
Such a sense is frequently a difficult achievement that is felt as precarious by the individual and that is experienced as a struggle: a struggle against being like everyone else, a struggle to hold together or hold up, or a struggle simply to feel that one has a self.
All of those elements were in place tonight in the first game of the American League Championship Series at the Metrodome, but the Blue Jays were not the cunning culprits.
Mr. Herringer, who is 48 years old, will succeed James R. Harvey, 56, on April 25.
In New York City, where the first Labor Day celebration was held 109 years ago, the parade that normally displays the labor movement's pride was conspicuously absent, the city's labor leaders having decided to consolidate their efforts in the huge labor march in Washington on Saturday that drew 250,000 people.
In 1980, he posed as a high school senior in Stratford, Conn.
Around the country, one factor that drove electricity prices higher in the 1970's is rare now: the construction of new power plants.
First, the couple needed an outlet for their program.
In the bedroom, oval oil paintings of Mrs. Berger and her three children when they were young are on a wall by the bed.
Goldman's Stock Sale Goldman, Sachs & Company, the American investment bank, had repeatedly demanded in late October that Mr. Maxwell repay at least part of a loan of about $60 million.
By Thursday there had been three more arson fires -- six church fires set in five days in this city of 25,000 people.
"Their cases are not treated as seriously as if the victim is from the silk-stocking district and is white and has no criminal record," he said.
The Irish and British Governments and the Social Democratic and Labor Party are likely to want such a council to have some sort of oversight powers over the province.
Two Palestinians were killed in confrontations with Israeli troops in Khuzaa in the Gaza Strip, and single fatalities occurred in the West Bank villages of Rajib, near Nablus, and Qabatiya.
But Steve Friedman, the executive producer of the "NBC Nightly News," said.
David Hirsch, the architect heading the restoration of Litchfield Villa, will lead a tour of the 1850's Italianate mansion on March 10.
Chardonel was mainly cultivated at Geneva and Dresden in the Finger Lakes region of New York.
He gave them the thumbs up signal.
Severance and Other Costs The reductions will force Sears to pay severance and other costs.
Wally Whitehurst, with seven scorching and laborious innings behind him and a slim 3-2 lead over the Braves shimmering on the scoreboard in the distance, was asked if he had anything left.
Permanence in love, of course, is just about impossible to achieve.
"I didn't suggest which version was true," Mr. Abramowitz said in a telephone interview yesterday.
shares, Martin Taylor, vice chairman of Hanson, would only say, "I haven't got anything to add to the Wednesday statement."
"Spellbound" builds on that winning approach.
Officials of the agency have indicated they are receptive to such an approach.
Alipio Casali, chief of the cabinet of the Mayor's Office in Sao Paulo, said the readings have generated public support for a number of traffic-control measures, like adjusting office hours to reduce downtown traffic and, at one point, banning almost all cars from the downtown area.
An Army audit of the program last week projected the program's cost would jump to $370 million and the production would take 48 months instead of 36.
He is survived by his wife, Medelise; two daughters, Patricia Summa of Somerville, Mass., and Medelise Reissteck of Saunderstown, R.I.; four sons, John of New Milford, Conn., Geoffrey of Chebeague Island, Me., Robert of Southbury, and Mark of West Haven, Conn.; a sister, Roseanne Benson of Greenwich, Conn., and two grandchildren.
He got the reply he deserved, "Magnificent."
But in March 1985, when Mr. Anderson was kidnapped, the futility of trying to negotiate his release was not a certainty, and so a major campaign was mounted.
While in high school, Soderbergh enrolled in an animation class at Louisiana State University, where his father was dean of the College of Education.
Banking: Vote on passage of a banking bill that would shore up the bank deposit insurance fund; give regulators greater authority to close ailing banks and supervise foreign institutions; restrict the Government's policy of bailing out banks considered too big to fail and limit some banks from entering the insurance business.
His proposals would make it easier for banks to operate across state lines and would break down barriers that now separate commercial banks, investment banks and stock brokerage firms.
The offense has turned the ball over 20 times.
As his parents watched, a baby boy fell through the tracks of an elevated platform in Brooklyn and was critically injured late Saturday after the doors of a subway train closed on his stroller and began to drag it away.
As a deacon of a Pentecostal church called House of God, she helped plan a rally for last night with neighbors in the East New York section of Brooklyn invited to join in prayer and hand-holding as a tonic against the senseless killings that seem to have been growing around them.
But some village residents worry that few elderly people will be able to afford them, since they will sell at market rates.
The book, which includes beautiful drawings of the towers along the L.I.E., claims that the 19 towers deserve attention as an architectural form.
Let me answer questions, then -- and then I will read what Boris Nikolayevich has handed me.
Arabs demanding an unconditional freeze will argue that the extensive building under way undermines the negotiations and prejudices the outcome by changing the situation on the ground.
Included in United's offer was an earlier bid by Delta of $25 million for the route from New York to Mexico City.
Information: Thai Occidental, 5334 Yonge Street, Suite 907, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M2N 6M2; (416) 498-4277.
Pan Am had previously agreed to sell its African, Asian and European routes, its Northeast shuttle and 45 planes to Delta.
A magnificent, minutely beaded Chippewa shoulder bag, circa 1925, costs $2,175; bright blue turn-of-the-century Assiniboia child's dress made from hide, with its yoke ornamented with cowrie shells, beads and fringes, costs $2,436.
Yale, Arkansas and Penn State sent her recruiting letters, but only Nevada-Las Vegas pursued her after receiving her transcript from Upper Dublin, in Fort Washington, Pa., from which Gottlieb graduated last June.
That, essentially, is what you can have in an automobile's interior with the "in-vehicle quieting system," which uses the radio to counteract unwanted external noise.
John Wayne, who died in 1979, is buried in Pacific View Memorial Park, (714) 644-2700, in Newport Beach, south of Los Angeles.
Jolie Rachel Epstein, a lawyer, and Jerome Vaughan Kapelus, a financial analyst, were married last evening by Rabbi Aaron Panken at the Inwood (L.I.)
Among the 200 entries was a nonblooming orchid plant of Harris Kupperman, 10 years old, of Glen Head.
Her father is the president of Insurance One, a brokerage in Duncan.
The City Council also approved a measure that allows landlords of city rent-controlled units to pass on half of any penalties to their tenants.
For the moment at the Paper Mill, they do.
ACCESSIBILITY: Not only can you see it from the parkway, you can also get to it easily from the parkway.
But like the tumbleweed-tossed roads leading out of his hometown of Wellington, Utah, Mr. Norton's life seemed destined to take a strange turn.
So it is natural that the emblematic portrait of Leonard Bernstein is a many-layered affair.
Moore had 6 receptions for 98 yards.
It was instead a radical denunciation of capitalism and its abuse of the "three continents" of the developing world.
Asked if the U.N. contemplated any action, she said that some country has to put the issue on the agenda, and "obviously, no one did."
Monica "used to beat me up twice a week," Alvin remembers.
While he was general superintendent of the 16 million-acre Navajo reservation in Arizona, Utah and New Mexico, he was described in a 1937 article in The New York Times as "grim-jawed, tall and heavy, only 37 years old, holding the toughest assignment in the Indian service."
complaint, Mr. Faitos and his company, beginning roughly from the time the firm was founded in July 1987, engaged in a scheme to steal its customers' money in two ways: The firm cashed checks meant to pay for shares in mutual funds and kept the money without buying the shares, and it sold mutual fund shares without their owners' knowledge.
"If you are paying the salaries of the government then you are the government -- just ask Congress," the official said.
Rebel bands now stop buses on the roads, pulling off suspected collaborators, civil servants and soldiers, usually for swift execution.
At 344 East 14th Street.
The program celebrated the return of the troops from the Persian Gulf, said JEAN McFADDIN, Macy's special events vice president and a former theater producer.
Need to Choose One System In New Jersey, however, by adding a no-fault system to the existing system, "the two work off of each other and afford an extremely high level of coverage," Mr. Walsh said.
And it seemed that when we didn't capitalize in the first it had as big an effect on us as anything."
But they acknowledge serious errors of operation that led to the tragedy, apologized and paid compensation.
Today, she declined to give a public review of the behavior she ascribes to Judge Thomas, behavior that he denies.
He is survived by his wife and two children.
The students from the Torrington center are well represenated on the university's dean's list, in part because "we don't have to worry about how the basketball team is doing," she said.
When Gil, as he is called, exclaims, "My God, Esme, not the Sniffer?"
Itwas the investment banker for Harcourt when the publisher fought off a hostile bid from the British publisher Robert Maxwell.
In its 1990 decision, the Minnesota Supreme Court said the suit had been improperly filed as a breach of contract suit, because Mr. Cohen and the reporters had never entered into a contract as that term is defined by state law.
There are poems about animals -- seal, lion and antelope -- as well as "nonsense birds" like the gondola swan.
For the Fairley family, who live a stone's throw from the Imperial plant, the toll has been even greater, at least in terms of numbers.
The Lions' run-and-shoot passing game is more suited to respond against a stacked, blitzing defense than was the Bears' offense.
The owners also have the right to ask anybody to leave.
In a letter several weeks after the article, the expert who provided the data corrected himself, saying that the 198 attempted pregnancies and 33 deliveries for the year were not limited to cases in which a surrogate mother carried an embryo for another couple; they also included cases in which women received donated eggs, which were then fertilized in a laboratory dish, to give birth to children for their own families.
"King of the world in basketball.
Mr. Kendrick's wife, Sarah Kunitz, a Soviet citizen he met while on a sightseeing ferry in Moscow, died in 1981.
The use of public libraries has been growing at a far faster pace than the population, according to the Library Research Center at the University of Illinois.
Initially, Mr. Bush and Mr. Baker hoped to line up all the Arabs and confront Israel, but that did not work.
The questions are riflery's equivalent to "What do you do at a stop sign?"
"When I got involved with Clairol eight months ago, they wanted to be involved in a competition," said Spitz.
At the close of trading, the Nikkei index of 225 issues was down 162.40 points, or 0.72 percent, to 22,411.58.
But that was not true for men who had been convicted of rape.
1 in The Times's preseason rating, came back with 20 points in the fourth quarter to defeat the Huskers.
Ioan Tipu, Romania's Agriculture Minister, died on Monday as he was being rushed to a hospital for treatment of a bleeding ulcer, the Government said.
Although the Comptroller put the cost of an extra holiday at $175,000, John McCardle, a spokesman for Mr. Marino, said the holiday might have saved money by closing offices, thus cutting down on the use of lights, telephones and equipment.
The scientists said the problem lies along a fault where a tiny plate that forms part of the ocean floor is sliding under the giant North American plate.
Then many priests, bishops, monks and nuns were imprisoned.
Ms. Robertson was found lying on the floor of the larger of two bedrooms, he said.
We'll get back to the Mets shortly."
The police say he beat the victim, Nafisya Abdullah, 24, with a metal bar, causing the injuries that led to her being picked up by the ambulance.
Saberhagen, 5-0 in eight starts before the injury, gave up six hits in four innings.
Scientists have lately learned that the protein produced by the p53 gene acts during a particular point of the cycle, and they are beginning to understand how it controls key events in the cycle.
Before the fall of Ceausescu, 35-year-old Dan Anghel had a coveted job as a waiter at the Hotel Bucharest, one of the two leading international hotels in the capital, and a central haunt of the Securitate, the secret police.
Most cases occur when people are over 65.
As he got out of his car at the beach parking lot in Island Park, the Long Island village whose signs proudly proclaim it as the Senator's hometown, he greeted a friend, Nina Hargrove.
He said that the restricted free-agency clause would now help him "meaningfully evaluate financial offers from the Knicks."
Repeat, if necessary, after the bubbling stops, and rinse the area thoroughly with water and wipe dry.
My co-op apartment has metal cabinets in the kitchen.
"It obviously deals with social issues of our time with enormous wit and humor and irony."
The 12-year-old Brooklyn girl accused of dropping her newborn boy into a trash compactor will not be charged with trying to kill the baby, the authorities in Brooklyn said yesterday.
But Moshe Caspi, the police commander of the Lachish region, where the events took place, said the driver had deliberately rammed his bus into several cars and had been shot to death by a driver of one of those vehicles.
With such limited time to sample a university's diverse curriculum, the student would likely gravitate toward those familiar and pre-professional disciplines.
If there is a grace period it has been set by the co-op, not by the management company."
Far worse, they fail to diagnose the disease for weeks or months in people who are coughing and therefore contagious.
In an advance token of the Group of Seven's concern, the group announced that it would introduce annual meetings between its chairman and the Soviet President.
They remember the Stowe of sleepier years when the Mountain Road was not so congested or dense with mini-malls.
By late yesterday, the Treasury's 8 percent 30-year bonds of 2021 were offered at a price of 101 6/32, up 1/4 point, to yield 7.89 percent, compared with 7.91 percent late Tuesday.
Now that our American bicycle has been bumped and oil supplies are being spilled, and angry, unseemly insults and threats have been exchanged, and war has broken out with the possibility of the loss of myriad lives while millions stand by in horror, when and where can we turn for someone to kiss the American fist, so we can pick up the pieces and go peacefully together along our way?
Bear, Stearns & Co. Marquette Electronics Inc., 1.96 million shares.
"Just shows you how things have changed."
It is very well written, sensitive and beautifully plotted; it also depicts a changing Jerusalem.
I can't condone people living under these circumstances."
The inventor readily acknowledged that children could scheme their way around the system.
What she has gained is the knowledge that she may or may not have been exposed to HIV when she was raped -- exactly the same information she would have had without obtaining his test results -- and a greatly increased anxiety level.
Mr. Bush has helped Mr. Gorbachev to move his country toward a market economy, using his trip to Moscow to announce that he would seek most-favored-nation trade status for the Soviet Union.
In the corporate market, prices of outstanding bonds improved modestly, in line with the Treasury market.
The plays, chosen from proposals submitted by 39 regional theaters, are "The Baltimore Waltz," by Paula Vogel, to be presented at the Circle Repertory Company in New York City; "Dream of a Common Language," by Heather McDonald, to be presented at the Berkeley Repertory Theater in Berkeley, Calif., and the Women's Project and Productions in New York City, and "Today," by Valetta Anderson, to be developed by Jomandl Productions in Atlanta.
But the words and numerals are unreadable until you look at the back cover, which holds a mirror that deciphers the secret code.
Mr. Kummel asked the professor why he was leaving so soon.
Agriculture and textiles, the two pillars of its economy, are in urgent need of modernization if they are to resist new competition when the European Community dismantles old trade barriers on Jan. 1, 1993.
As president, O'Malley said she would be in charge of "everything that happens off the court."
We expect it to articulate eternal values: justice, freedom, rights.
Debbie L. Cohen, vice president for mortgage-backed securities capital markets at Fannie Mae, said, "It will benefit lenders by allowing them to receive full value of the securities."
At the age of 13, he chose to give up baseball to move to the Bollettieri camp in Bradenton, Fla.
The company said sales and earnings do not reflect the full impact of a new wholesale supply contract with Shoppers Food Warehouse, which the company began to service on a partial basis Aug. 5.
Of course, Ms. Mehle will be getting paid more to do less.
They have excellent runners in Neal Anderson and Brad Muster.
The lawsuit was rejected by the court on Wednesday.
Ambassador, Robert Strauss, calls vital for getting substantial Western aid.
It was the rise of Fox's new network that forced the F.C.C.
A Duo Reunited Bob Dorough and Bill Takas, Village Gate Terrace, 160 Bleecker Street, Manhattan, (212) 475-5120.
A former prosecutor defends his daughter-in-law, charged with murdering his son.
They are convertible into the company's common stock at a price of $37.75 a share, representing a 17.968 percent conversion premium over Tuesday's closing price of $32.
When you're brought up on Sevin, it's hard to believe that plain water works.
John Zinsser is one of a number of younger painters whose efforts suggest that Color Field painting and its weaker cousin, Lyrical Abstraction, may enjoy something of a revival in the 1990's.
Randolph Duke, who showed one of the snappiest collections, topped some of his models with palm-frond hats.
Mr. O'Rourke refused to be interviewed about the matter, stating through a spokesman that "it's the first time I've ever been pilloried for following a law passed by the legislature."
The Canadiens rested here Friday night as the Rangers played in New York.
Now the Whitney Museum of American Art has scheduled what is to be the first museum retrospective of Basquiat's work for the fall of 1992, the Metropolitan Museum had also expressed interest in a Basquiat show, and an exhibition devoted to Andy Warhol and Basquiat (pronounced BAHS-kee-aht) is to open this fall at the National Museum of Contemporary Art outside of Seoul, South Korea.
Larry Ledebur, the director of the Center for Urban Studies at Wayne State University in Detroit, said that in many cases governments offered too much in incentives, not realizing that companies tend to make decisions primarily on criteria like access to markets, transportation and other costs.
"It was a horrible pitch," said Timlin.
But Mr. Greenbaum said that five years of outreach work have taught him not to expect dramatic changes.
"Roberto was the fiercest competitor I ever saw," Coach Mandl said.
Official Russian estimates put hard-currency debts to governments, banks and private businesses in the range of $80 billion.
An antenna mounted on the bridge received the information and fed it into a Macintosh IIfx computer.
Babe Azaman Ahman, an American-educated Malaysian industrial engineer, argues that despite the war memories, Asians have an easier time working for the Japanese.
By turns, each player places pieces on the intersections with the aim of surrounding the opponent's pieces and other intersecting points on the board.
Her mother, Phyllis Hinsey, is a gallery instructor at the Boston Museum of Fine Arts.
Stockard Channing Aunt Bea .
'Economy Transfers' Utilities currently use their lines for unscheduled "economy transfers," so that if one company has a plant that can produce power for 2 cents a kilowatt-hour but is idle and a neighboring utility is running a plant at a cost of 4 cents a kilowatt-hour, the second utility will shut its plant and buy from the first at a cost of 3 cents a kilowatt-hour.
In recent years, virtually every major piece of legislation in the area had attached some goodies for consumers.
The team's findings were also contradicted today by a group sent by Friends of the Earth International, an environmental organization, which asserted that the fires were becoming worse and that the white plumes were, in fact, steam, rising out of fissures in the earth created by the uncontrolled rush of oil to the surface.
The seriousness of the scandal began to dawn on Mr. Major last week, just after he had successfully acted as host for the meeting between President Mikhail S. Gorbachev of the Soviet Union and the leaders of the seven biggest industrial democracies.
spy is "completely ridiculous and untrue."
Repeats Threat to Iraq The Bush Administration repeated its threat to use military force to destroy Iraq's nuclear program, and the Senate declared its support.
Bob Friend of Irvine, Calif., one of the association's most respected veteran stars, was a winner in the Knockout Teams along with Willis Troy of Henderson, N.C., Ed West of Seattle, and Henry Bell of Des Moines, Wash. By winning the Open Pairs Championship, Bob Price and Joyce Williams of Chicago added to their large collection of titles.
The dry well in my yard is backing up and is apparently clogged.
The 7-foot Gray, who did not play last night, was placed on the injured list on Dec. 18 with lower back spasms.
provides assistance to members of the armed forces at about 170 locations around the world.
If there can, it must lie more than ever in American leadership.
Self-deception respecting the contradictions of women's lives may be the reason that the Supreme Court's decision in United Automobile Workers v. Johnson Controls was hailed as a breakthrough.
The financial impact in the United States is limited because the Treasury's action affects only transactions under American jurisdiction, and only two of the 52 companies identified and none of the people are in the United States.
A Key Commercial Center Professor Spar, of Ramapo College, said Geshur was near the present-day borders of Israel, Syria and Jordan.
The affable Johnson was at his funniest when he discussed the newspapers that have made his life more public than ever.
We must attend not to individual elements but to expressive gestures.
What they need is reasonable assurance that they can progress at least in step with the other countries of Eastern Europe.
I'll just have to deal with things as they come."
He is Mr. Dinkins's commissioner for the United Nations and is also one of the few Irish-American appointees in the Dinkins administration, which is further confirmation of the ethnic group's political decline.
On Tuesday, Mr. Russert regained sole bragging rights as the king of New Jersey lottery agents when a 54-year-old business administrator, John T. Lettiere of Hamilton, turned up at state lottery headquarters with one of two winning tickets out of 9.2 million sold for the Nov. 21 drawing.
"But I also wanted to silence the critics."
Nowhere are network policies more reprehensible than in the category of children's programming.
And consider the irony: Under the bill passed by the Senate, regulators would lose the right to keep failing banks open while they struggled to get back on their feet.
In 1988 Mr. Swaggart, admitting to "moral failures" and "sinning" in a tearful, nationally televised statement.
"It is a strange hand," says Rimington.
The books were closed and placed in a haphazard kind of storage.
The leaching of lead from plates varies according to food.
Even so, sentiment runs strong that Israel's occupation of Arab lands is as urgent a matter as Iraq's seizure of Kuwait.
Mr. Halberstam added: "Nobody wants to steal from anybody else.
Cornell 74, Columbia 65 ITHACA, N.Y. (AP) -- Bernard Jackson scored 17 points and Shawn Maharaj added 15 to power Cornell.
"If one could do that, it would have many advantages for astronauts.
But lawmakers said it was highly unusual not to request funding for a program if the Administration wanted it to go forward.
For northwest Haiti's growing pool of the disinherited, those without productive land or trees left to cut down, there is little choice but to flee.
For Boston, there is $2 million for a bicycle and pedestrian path connecting the city with Arlington and Cambridge.
Talk of Another Coup The tremor over the Rutskoi affair has come as other political figures, from Foreign Minister Eduard A. Shevardnadze to Mayor Anatoly A. Sobchak of St. Petersburg to President Mikhail S. Gorbachev, have raised the specter of another coup d'etat.
Bleeding police officers and demonstrators could be seen in the square.
Up front, the buckets' cloth covering grips you with strong support, and the rear bench offers more-than-usual legroom.
Mr. McGovern, 29, graduated from Princeton University and is a medical student at Columbia University.
"The Talmud has 36 volumes, and the Jews have not forgotten it."
"I don't think anybody feels we will finish this bill tomorrow or Wednesday or Thursday or Friday or Saturday."
Mr. Yeltsin's decisive victory vastly improves his bargaining position in negotiations over the union treaty, but the detailing of authorities and powers, and the dividing of properties and resources, must be concluded before the full effect of Mr. Yeltsin's victory and newly enhanced position can be assessed and before he can comfortably carry out his full program of changes.
A shellfish platter offers a rich backdrop for the study of great marriages of food and wine.
he wonders as he mounts the brand-new bicycle and rides away, with the girl perched on the handlebars, "through a field flooded with light and mirrors."
Blue stragglers have also been identified in a few low-density clusters and in the peripheries of some other dense clusters.
A subsequent investigation found that the union had not kept any books.
But our relationship has remained positive.
Wednesday, on the "Today" show, Bryant Gumbel reports on the celebrated innovations of the Rochester school system in dealing with problems that many inner-city schools around the country are finding unmanageable.
& S. and its parent company, Federated Department Stores, are working with James Garner, the Mayor of the village of Hempstead, and his staff "to determine what alternative use can be made of that store and the 17-acre property on which it sits," Mr. Cantarella said.
A1 CONGRESS PUSHES ON Lawmakers continued to struggle toward their goal of a pre-Thanksgiving adjournment, acting further on unemployment benefits and preparing for battles on F.D.I.C.
The episode at Child of the Wind School off Hiroshima last weekend reflected not only a mania for rules but the separate issue of what to do about the growing number of teen-agers dropping out of school.
He was freed on $5,000 bail early this month.
There wasn't any spear, just a broken stick."
In her home district, she voted for Robert J. Miller, an Italian-American, against the incumbent, Noach Dear, an Orthodox Jew.
Many of those entering the system these days must wait until the early morning hours for a ride to a shelter, only to have to return to a welfare office a few hours later to start the process over for the next night.
In addition, Mr. Litrenta faces charges of filing false information to obtain a permit to transport medical waste.
Black is safe, but color is magic.
One exception: the dry chenin blanc of the Chappellet Vineyards in the Napa Valley.
"How many does that put me behind Henderson?"
Preliminary data are not encouraging, they say.
"We got kind of confused a little bit because they put in a formation that was kind of foreign to us," Brim said.
It barely survived in the budget, receiving just $11.4 million for less than six months of operation.
Visibly nervous at first and fighting hard to control it, Ms. Foster's Clarice grows up noticeably during the course of this story.
But Republican senators from New York City seem to be loathe to approve the city's aid package without extracting something in return.
Members of gun clubs were allowed to keep certain weapons used for target shooting if the weapons were registered.
The uncertainty created by the prolonged struggle for NCR had been depressing A.T.& T.'s stock price, she said.
Keith McMillan added 21 points for the Flying Dutchmen (2-0), who led at halftime, 46-35.
But lacking the active cooperation of the police and the army, it is doubtful that Mr. Cesar's bloc would be able to implement its legislative initiatives against the wishes of Sandinista militants.
8 Will Clarence Thomas show scars from the bitter nomination hearings?
One of Ms. Backiel's first projects was to help get Ms. Duke, who was being held under the Preventive Detention Act, free on bail.
Still, some aides to the Chancellor were so struck by last week's tensions that they have been describing it as a watershed.
Classes were suspended until Monday.
Most of the nation's four million Alzheimer's victims currently wear identification tags to help people find them when they wander, she said.
Asher Wolk, a magazine editor and writer, died on Saturday at the Veterans Administration Hospital Center in the Bronx.
Real estate brokers and sales people in the New York City region report a buying spurt this summer that was dominated by young, first-time buyers who had decided that prices and mortgage interest rates were unlikely to fall much more.
Should either Mr. Golden or Ms. Shulman prevail with their appointees, Mr. McCall will win the presidency.
Asked about a proposed free-trade agreement with Mexico, Governor Wilder said he would strive to protect American jobs.
The idea, they say, is to make even people like Mr. Pristell, who admits he went through the gate but only to use a pay phone, into examples to keep alive the idea that fare beating is a crime.
As a result, to protect themselves, many funds routinely began to record conversations between investors and the funds' telephone representatives.
The disclosure in November 1986 of the secret arms shipments proved a personal blow to Mr. McFarlane, who has said that he blames himself for the affair's political and diplomatic mistakes, and he attempted suicide in 1986.
Several leading lenders, which include large British banks, Credit Suisse and Credit Lyonnais, today repeated their support for the Maxwell empire.
He wanted more; remember, he would remind, Roger Clemens will be getting $5 million a year next year and he plays only once every four days.
"That's when you separate the men from the boys.
Shelves and sweater bins were empty, as some departments ran out of merchandise.
And while it is the fifth time since since The Times began its computer ratings in 1979 that its final No.
Maybe it's his barber who is at the root of his problems.
Students also examine how each man changed American perceptions of minority groups.
"That has remained in effect."
Travcorps has been around 14 years, she pointed out.
Rickey Henderson got his long-awaited 938th stolen base today, tying the career record set by Lou Brock 12 years ago, as Brock watched from the stands among 40,174 spectators in the Oakland Coliseum.
But no one wore undergarments like these.
But the romantic in me, who thinks she likes nature unbound, loathes anything under wraps.
The concerts usually offer performances by gifted Hoff-Barthelson students as well as Virtuosi excursions through such familiar works as Poulenc's "Babar the Elephant" and Saint-Saens' "Carnival of the Animals"; 723-1169.
He said he hoped that his bibliography would help book dealers, collectors and others interested in pop-ups.
"What I'd like to do is identify the new Sweeney," Mr. Maxwell said.
"It's terribly good news for public health finances," although the findings were disappointing for the newer agents, Dr. Sleight said.
A19 The reservists who refused to serve when their units were called up for duty in the Persian Gulf are facing court-martial and, if convicted, prison time and ignominous discharge from the Marine Corps.
"Peace -- that's the incentive, the growing realization that we share a common destiny," he said.
Gold dropped $1.20 on the Commodity Exchange in New York, closing at $360.90 a troy ounce.
Her husband discovered the body in the driveway, Sheriff Jon Olson said at a news conference.
Some attribute the White House's bizarre behavior to jitters over the upcoming election.
With the Yankees, he was strictly a starter, compiling a 5-6 record and a 4.47 e.r.a in 16 games.
The discontinued operations lost $108 million during the year, and the company charged $68 million against earnings in connection with the plans to discontinue them.
Almost all organizations complied with the mandate, but some could not extend national recognition, and some did not allow women to vote or to live in the houses.
He was unanimously voted the most valuable player of the series, after a 30-point, 10-assist performance that led to a moment he will treasure for a lifetime.
Although he lived until 1949, the second half of his career is as unremarkable as the second halves of the careers of his northern European contemporaries, Munch and Knut Hamsun.
He struck out a pair and retired the Dodgers in order in the second, set them aside without incident in the third, easily survived a two-out single by Mike Scioscia in the fourth, and then did some of his most superb pitching in the fifth and sixth.
The most poular of the early lithographs depicted Yankee Stadium and Fenway Park.
She videotaped the officer as he hit Mr. Anderson with his nightstick, often using two hands in overhead blows.
Mr. Schlindwein, who grew up in Princeton, Ill., holds a bachelor's degree in business administration from the University of Notre Dame in South Bend, Ind., and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago.
With one collective sigh, we all went back to work.
Markets Stock prices fell, after impressive gains in the morning.
All we have left here is a longing for what we once had, and a bitterness for what now exists."
"Acoustics is a science in our day," the conductor said, and added that acousticians and listeners who say that luck is also a factor "are amateurs."
After a decade when Americans struggled to find more time for work to increase their earnings, what people now seem to want even more than money is time off -- time away from jobs and chores, to do whatever strikes their fancy.
Upstairs is a Civil War oil on canvas based on an 1861 woodcut by Thomas Nast.
The Bryan Proposal Senator Richard Bryan, Democrat of Nevada, has proposed raising the industrywide fleet average to 40 miles a gallon from the current company-by-company target of 27.5 miles a gallon.
Phillies 11, Cubs 1 PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- Philadelphia extended its longest winning streak in five years to nine games as Charlie Hayes drove in a career-high four runs.
That is what the General Cinema deal is designed to allow Harcourt to do."
But that's not what they are here for.
Major cuts are being made in Army and Air Force units, which have long been oriented toward the defense of Western Europe.
There was considerable happiness that first holiday season.
The General Dynamics Corporation said today that Egypt and the United States Defense Department had signed an agreement for a new Egyptian order of General Dynamics' F-16 fighter aircraft.
" Clemens is a 230-pound workhorse who prances upon the mound on Clydesdale thighs that have been developed by running three seven-minute miles every day for over a decade.
More than ever, the season has offered new revelations about his works and new impressions.
Boeing has up to $3 billion worth of projects, about eight million square feet, either in construction, design or proposal stages.
"By creating their own committee and refusing to work within the confines of the all-student committee, these persons are advocating separation," said Andrew Blechman, a senior political science major from Princeton, N.J. "With the authorization of the Black Commencement Committee, consistency demands that we later approve a Hispanic commencement committee, a Jewish commencement committee and an Asian commencement committee, etc."
They traded service breaks three times, but Capriati went ahead, 5-4, when Seles, with perhaps too mighty a grunt, pushed a forehand long and allowed the ponytailed Floridian to serve for the match.
Bill Clinton of Arkansas have both formed exploratory committees.
Agassi, who has scrupulously avoided burnout by scrupulously avoiding Wimbledon for the last few years, said he was starting to get anxious about having his day in the sun on Centre Court.
He adapted some of his fall themes to cruise.
Excitement and anticipation, therefore, ran rampant in the spring, as residents watched new owners renovate the Old Whaler restaurant.
Neuroscientists see cognitivists as bewitched by technology and as bypassing the most important clues to the mind: the operations of the brain.
And I am recalling more, in more detail.
Rhode Island: Chafee (R) Yes; Pell (D) Yes.
is aleady a 175,000-square-foot tenant at 26 Federal Plaza and in the new building will have 250,000 square feet, its total allotment.
The nearest the Mayor comes to mentioning the city's racial makeup is in his campaign slogan, which touts him as "a steady hand for changing times."
He spoke French, Greek and Turkish and taught classical Greek.
In Croatia's view, a Yugoslavia without Slovenia would give disproportionate influence to Serbs, since with nine million people Serbia is the largest and most influential republic.
A man convicted of killing a supermarket customer during a robbery in 1980 was put to death by lethal injection early today, hours after the United States Supreme Court had refused to halt the execution.
The cultural and background differences between care giver and employer in these situations, combined with lack of appropriate preparation for the job, can lead to disappointing, even tragic, experiences.
Bank earnings are generally down, hurt by the need to set aside money for future bad loans.
The list of mostly American wines is well rounded and fairly priced.
It may instead choose to do nothing.
Officials hope to close the deal by next summer.
Prices of Treasury notes and bonds rose yesterday, and interest rates moved lower.
The 1988 floods, for example, killed either 2,700 people or 600, depending on which Government ministry one believes.
I'm here to do the job they want."
The slip arrived last summer, a few months after he had purchased CD's of Barbra Streisand's first three records.
Yet some trustees questioned Mr. Orben's recent title change at Cummins from controller to vice president for accounting policy.
As the promoters say, "Tonight, you are the star!"
Championship last Sunday, said yesterday he would set up a college scholarship fund for the children of a man killed by lightning during the tournament in Carmel, Ind.
"This is a very important study," said Dr. Dani Bolognesi, an AIDS vacine researcher at Duke University, plaining that this was the first time such a vaccine had worked in laboratory monkeys.
Mr. Harleston, the president, testified that he approved the special sections because the issue was "whether students are to be held hostage to a particular point of view that by its nature impugns numbers of them, or whether students should have a choice."
"I have a real problem," Mr. Heagney added, "with Japanese corporations paying teacher salaries.
Mix only as much mortar as you can apply in about two hours.
He created the Muppets in 1954.
Water Toddlers love to play with water, so keep bathroom doors closed and toilet lids down.
RICHARD S. LINDZEN Alfred P. Sloan Prof. of Meteorology, Massachusetts Inst.
Using human blood in transfusions has always posed the risk of transmitting a wide variety of infections.
The four women come from widely varying legal backgrounds.
Mrs. Schaefer, 27 years old, is an associate program manager in Norwalk, Conn., with MBI Inc., a retailer of consumer products.
Lee A. Iacocca, chairman of the Chrysler Corporation, said the United States automobile industry was poised for a recovery in 1992 and 1993.
Soviet domestic politics may explain some of the ambivalence of Mr. Gorbachev's policies over the last six months, with popular discontent about the failures of the Soviet consumer economy running as high as passions about who or what is to blame.
Still, a Los Angeles judge once remarked that Mr. Manes had "the greatest reservoir of outrage at injustice" he had ever seen.
Lady Vols Refuse to Quit But Tennessee, appearing in its seventh Final Four in 10 years, refused to quit.
I love the talent that we have.
And Bowie, who still has three seasons left on his contract, may be agreeable to deferring some of his money to a later season.
On the war, I was with you 87 percent.
Its other imprints, in which the editor's name appears on the spine or the title page, are those of Edward Burlingame, Aaron Asher, Gladys Justin Carr and Cass Canfield Jr. A few weeks ago, Michael di Capua moved his imprint to HarperCollins from Farrar, Straus & Giroux.
But he added one caveat: "Don't do it if you are going to need the money for tuition next year.
The United States has long insisted that mineral exploitation of Antarctica be subject to international regulation in the interest of protecting the fragile habitats along the continent's fringe.
Courts have found manufacturers, distributors and other users of asbestos liable for damages, either on a theory of strict liability, or of negligence, or of failure to give adequate warning or provide safeguards against injury.
The upkeep is $4 a week for one rat.
Six-month bills were offered at a 6.15 percent rate, down three basis points.
'Something's Stinking Again' She would hear cursing when she knew he was there alone, or thought he was.
The 1939 film version of Tara, in which Vivien Leigh said "fiddle-de-dee" and bewitched beaus with her cinched waistline, is a highly idealized archetype: the quintessential white house with columns.
In Mr. Gore's case, the loss was particularly acute because he was widely seen as one of the few potential candidates who could hold his own on foreign policy issues.
The hamlet has several smaller lakes and ponds, each with its own character and residential community.
The outflow was the largest since April 1990's record $15.1 billion withdrawal and was the 34th outflow in 35 months, the Office of Thrift Supervision said.
Like understudies waiting for the star to snap a tibia, legions of young artists are hoping for their Big Break in the competitive world of newspaper comic strips.
An $8 Water Pass allows substantial reductions at many restaurants and shops and on transportation.
One thing Washington cannot do, however, is to bring democracy to Iraq -- even if we occupied the place as we did with Germany and Japan.
Microsoft Setting the Standard Many industry executives believe that by moving aggressively into RISC technology, Microsoft will be the software standard setter for the next generation of desktop computers, stealing the International Business Machines Corporation's role.
Afterward, reposition the fixture and install the bolt with a wrench.
But it was not working.
E. & J. Gallo Winery named Deutsch to handle Eden Roc, a new sparkling wine.
One is tempted by Mr. Kundera's writing to revise one's definition of a plot.
R. H. Macy & Company yesterday reported an operating loss of $7.3 million before an extraordinary item for its second quarter ended Feb. 2, compared with a loss of $39 million in the corresponding quarter the year before.
Data 'at Your Fingertips' The field, known as natural language processing, is essential for new software that Microsoft is developing to put -- as William H. Gates, the company's founder and chairman, has boasted -- "information at your fingertips."
While many Vietnam veterans regard this new attitude with satisfaction, some mental-health professionals predict that the new war will inevitably stir up many painful feelings, including envy, in former soldiers who say they have never really been welcomed home.
But another reverse osmosis plant on the coast would be quickly fouled by oil, which has hydrocarbon molecules thousands of times larger than those in water.
This is where Ms. Hearne enters the story.
It is carved from a 125-foot English walnut tree, perhaps 300 years old.
Mr. Asimov, better known for his scores of books of science fiction and on other subjects, predicted "an exodus from the church" to humanism, which approves of varied sexual behavior among consenting adults.
The author, a superb writer, graphically describes the pitiless horrors facing these desperate people as they fight against the vastly superior Nazi legions.
Among current Council members, Ms. Greitzer and Ms. Maloney are considered the most vulnerable.
The police said last night that they did not know what the dispute was about and that they had no suspects.
The white aluminum siding on my house is about 20 years old, and I have scrubbed off the paint.
Belmont, northwest of Boston, is inhabited mainly by symbolic analysts and their families.
Also, it was determined that Ripken had stopped following through on his swing.
Dr. Nesbitt observed that perhaps those doctors had "never had a flush."
All the questions they come up with, grown-up questions that their mother can't answer."
In a memorable game that pushed both teams to their physical and mental limits, the Pistons defeated the Boston Celtics, 117-113, in overtime at the Palace of Auburn Hills.
Race is not the issue, because 90 percent of Detroit's public school students are black.
"So it's important to equalize the pressure on the legs.
Wardens and guards managed to restore order after a few hours, but deserve no credit for the way they did so.
In its heyday as Brazil's colonial capital, Salvador benefited from the largesse of Portuguese merchants and noblemen, who regarded their status and wealth as incomplete unless they lived or worked in an elegant type of manor house known as a solar.
That began a long period of decline for the farmhouse, which had been reduced to a dilapidated eyesore by the 1960's.
These pictures, although still somewhat remote, had the effect of focusing attention on how little actual warfare has been shown so far.
Another type of Simplesse, based on a substance found in eggs, is already in use in frozen desserts like low-fat ice cream substitutes.
You can still point the finger and say they got away with it even if nature did him in."
The developers ended the battle by dividing the property into 12 larger parcels, exempting it from many restrictions applied to subdivisions with lots smaller than 500 acres.
John Killeen, a 32-year-old tour caddie, arranged for all the caddies to wear the caps during the Dinah Shore tournament.
"I won medals in shotput, discus, long jump and swimming.
On a separate subject, the official said that the monetary fund remains ready to offer special associate status to the Soviet Union as soon as it applies, an action that would allow the international financial institution to provide wide-ranging technical advice but not the large-scale financial assistance that Soviet authorities have sought.
In 1984, O'Brien was the recipient of the John W. Bunn Award, presented by the trustees of the Hall of Fame, for his outstanding contributions to the game.
"Knowing that an athlete would be expelled for life, member federations might be less enthusiastic about starting doping controls like out-of-competition testing.
Traffic was especially heavy throughout the East Side, especially in the vicinity of Grand Central Terminal, where 42d Street was blocked off between Third and Fifth Avenues and Lexington Avenue was closed between 41st and 44th Streets, two main thoroughfares, for most of the day.
But we're going to have to begin looking at some other guys."
In an opinion by Justice Harry A. Blackmun, the Court ruled in favor of Sheldon B. Toibb, a former staff lawyer with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, who had $170,000 in debts when he filed for Chapter 7 liquidation in 1986.
They darted across much of Iraq's southern desert toward the Euphrates and then turned east, lining up in fierce rows facing Basra.
But if the ruckus has clearly not died down, gallery officials display palpable relief that the new wing is ready to be seen whole.
He had stumbled springing out of the starting gate, and came out of the race with a strained ligament in his left foreleg.
Dennis (Oil Can) Boyd (3-6), who missed his last start because of upper back spasms, struck out six and walked two in seven and two-thirds innings before being relieved by Scott Ruskin.
Profusely illustrated, unfortunately in black-and-white.
Strongly danced, too, by Ms. De Azcarraga, Gretchen Gunther, Julie Sabatino and Ms. White, it was set to music by Schumann.
"He plays well down here," said Robert Slagle, the chairman of the Texas Democratic Party.
After the strawberries come raspberries and blueberries, then blackberries, then raspberries again.
In every sense -- the soul of an insurgent and family roots that stretch back to Robert E. Lee.
The decline in prices was confined to bonds due in five years and longer.
Source of the Problem The problem involves implants covered with a polyurethane foam intended to help prevent them from being encapsulated in hard scar tissue, a common implant complication.
We should dispatch a high-level emissary to Massoud Barzani.
I'll die happy if I know I kept those damned Yankees from winning another World Series."
Chambers responded with a 3-point shot, and the Spurs got no closer.
The proclamations declared that Moscow would support the entry of the three republics into the United Nations.
Without a compelling reason, power should not be concentrated in the hands of a chief executive.
Scheduled for paring down: Solly's global equities, investment banking and real estate businesses.
A little sprinkling of Parmesan at the last minute, before the casserole is under the broiler, adds a nice final touch.
San Antonio Airport System, $71.82 million in revenue bonds.
As a result, the Court has become more and more conservative, generally showing greater deference to government and less tolerance of criminal defendants while being more supportive of law-enforcement agencies and increasingly skeptical of an expansive interpretation of the Constitution.
All in all, still with some devastating secrets up my sleeve, you'd have to admit I did my thing and I pray it works without me having to pay a huge sum of money to Dominique to publicly berate and try to demolish our man Wilkins's esteem and .
So I fought hard to keep him."
For an initial investment of 50 cents, you can fly the plane that bombed Baghdad.
"When I used to get smacked in class, I wailed like a banshee.
Ms. Motsinger helped with communications with friends and family, sometimes turning away people when Mr. Krieter was feeling down.
The marinated shrimp were grilled and served in a snappy fish broth with butternut squash.
Tiny Parts "This is very important," said Steve Wiederlight, holding a tiny gold ring.
Ask an insurance agent to get price quotes from at least three insurance carriers.
He scooted right over there."
As for Fernandez, the damage to the cartilage under his left kneecap can almost certainly be linked to his chronic weight problem.
His favorite story involves a hospital, no longer in existence, in Muleshoe, Tex.
"Your honor, now for the records am setting out the legal facts finding to the argumentative conceptive resumption contestation substance on the next stated paragraph the why every things due accordance with the U.S. Laws that they have committed to the above mentioned the either negligent or which I do believe to the most possibility it was a Premeditated Crime," wrote one man, representing himself in a suit against an airline that he claimed had seized his passport and forced him to return to his native Iran, where he had to live in a garage.
In some sections, condom wrappers litter the ground.
The Dodgers, of course, are counting on Strawberry to make things happen rather than to be blithely buffeted by events.
More 'Social History' In tandem with encouraging students to appreciate the roles played by many different ethnic groups, the committee suggested that they also spend more time than previous generations of schoolchildren in studying everyday lives and traditions.
Jason Matthews, who scored 17 for Pitt, came back with a 3-pointer a short time later, but that was as close as the Panthers would get.
Ed Goren, senior producer for CBS Sports, said it another way: "Every 30 seconds, a color analyst has to be brilliant."
In his spare time, he earned master's and doctoral degrees in education from Kent State University and Ohio State University, respectively.
Admission for people over 18 is $2.
But when the writer has one of the most respected names in media and advertising, and when he blames advertising for shortening attention spans, diminishing the capacity to distinguish news from entertainment and suppressing novelty in the media, he may find himself in a lively debate whith the marketers and media companies he once served.
The reverse side of the guide includes a description of university services and programs available to disabled students, and a list of buildings that have accessible phones, toilets, drinking fountains and elevators.
'It's Going to Save Lives' "The study looks really promising," said Dr. Robert L. Quackenbush, chief of the bacteriology and mycology branch at the National Institute of Allergies and Infectious Diseases in Bethesda, Md.
In Washington, the Redskins were 27-8 in games he played after replacing the injured Joe Theismann in 1985.
A month earlier, the five-star general had been dismissed by President Harry S. Truman because of his differences with Mr. Truman and the Joint Chiefs of Staff over Chinese Communist intervention in Korea.
To check the load on a transformer, add the wattages of all bulbs being served.
Because new water hookups are almost impossible to obtain, housing prices have risen to the point where the police department has chronic problems recruiting and retaining officers; some commute from as far as Santa Maria, 55 miles north.
He graduated cum laude from Harvard University His father is a financial consultant.
For those who thought their problem with deer feeding on garden ornamentals is a recent plight, the following may put some light on the situation and add a little solace.
In Martin v. Wilks, the Supreme Court in 1989 allowed white firefighters to attack a consent decree that other white firefighters in Birmingham, Ala., had objected to at the time it was entered.
of the Miss America Organization .
"The second year, in the closing moments you could see the other team was resigned to the fact that they were going to lose."
The indictment charges that Mr. Feldman acted with "depraved indifference to human life" and that he repeatedly beat and kicked his wife in the two months before her death.
John Denning, a Roman Catholic priest and a cousin of the bride, performed the ceremony.
Jenkins arrived at Downing Stadium in time to participate in her qualifying heat, but was ordered by officials to go to Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center for an examination.
They think industrial countries can show them how to design a shoe, where to put the shoelace, how to attach the top to the bottom."
An investigation by the Energy Department has found that unlawful spending practices by operators of nuclear weapons plants are pervasive.
But a trader at one international oil trading company, who spoke on condition that neither he nor his company be identified, also said Phibro started buying at about 4:30, and he felt there may have been a Government leak.
But our goal is to act in the best interests of the entire city.
The share has diminished, however: in 1950, they carried half of all traffic.
Its going to be fun up there.
"The verdict is only the first step in this prolonged litigation," James E. Wayle Jr., Centocor's president and chief executive, said in a statement.
Israel is awash in engineers and computer programmers who are sweeping streets and serving teas in Government ministries.
Popular films always generated spinoffs and souvenirs, but those were auxiliary benefits.
She said the power to subpoena mayoral documents had not been invoked in 20 years because prior administrations "have seen fit to cooperate."
Since the 1950's, however, all manner of earlier composers have crowded into the canon, from Monteverdi, whose own "Orfeo" (1607) is the first operatic masterpiece, and even Jacopo Peri, whose "Euridice" (1600) counts as the first surviving opera of any kind.
"People are just not confident to take larger leaps," Mr. Nash said.
Seat down, it is 76.8 cubic feet.
There was also, of course, some curiosity about what butchers would choose to save for posterity.
Thanks to the Safe City, Safe Streets plan, law enforcement is the only area for which Mr. Dinkins proposes real growth.
Musically, I think, "Treemonisha" is only accidentally a black opera.
This time, the Administration has been working closely with the senior regulators, promising them certain new powers in exchange for cooperation.
The two colors faced with a spring show of daffodils are unforgettable.
Talks Seen as Crucial Several advisers close to Pan Am said yesterday that the carrier's fate would be decided in the talks between negotiators of the Transportation Department and the State Department and their British counterparts.
When the deal was done, each Wickes warrant gave its owner the right to pay $22.15 for a new security whose maximum value is half that much, a right no one would exercise.
Meanwhile, public health and veterinary experts who study how Lyme disease spreads offered suggestions that can greatly reduce the chances of infection.
In anticipation of the 50th anniversary, curators began drawing up want lists for their departments.
Vivienne Flesher's illustrations are suitably blue and icy.
"We do shows that are distinctly Fox shows, shows that have a certain edge."
"It doesn't sound like the stuff of a good story," said Mr. Gleason.
The savings in phone costs almost always justify the higher cost of faster modem.
He was a co-producer for her "Sign in Sidney Brustein's Window," which opened to mixed reviews in 1964.
As no one will confuse it with the hit musicals its authors have worked on in happier times -- "Gypsy," "West Side Story," "Bye Bye Birdie," "Annie" and "Miss Saigon," among many others -- neither is "Nick and Nora" remotely in the calamitous league of such recent, excessively previewed fiascos as, say, "Carrie" and "Legs Diamond."
So Mr. Stein, the report said, apparently wrote an identification next to Mr. Tames's signature that indicated he worked for the Office of School Safety, which he did not.
I'm still working after all these years.
"We also want the peoples of the Soviet Union, who are adopting a new form of coexistence as sovereign republics, to take their place in this Europe."
The commission also recommended creating a system that records and assigns numbers to cases so they can then be followed as they make their way through the investigation process.
The cocktail lounge is now a guest room and study, and the hangar is now a playroom.
"Fifty dollars," her son said quietly, in wonder.
"Then you are going to see a real scrap over prices."
About 35 percent are acid-washed ("But that's on the way out," he said) and 30 percent stone-washed.
One morning last month Michelle Rogers returned to Family Court in Manhattan to try to get her children back.
But Mr. Brady was unable to save Mr. Hashimoto's job in the face of the scandals.
The resignation came one day before Japan's four major brokerages were to start curtailing operations for several weeks under the most severe penalties ever ordered by the Finance Ministry.
Dr. Stein, 64, is a pediatrician in Astoria, Queens, and an assistant clinical professor of pediatrics at Cornell Medical School.
In the strange world of personal injury law, tragedy is all too often followed by the black comedy of lawyers competing ferociously to represent the victims' next of kin.
Prince Philip, a Captain-General in the Royal Marines, is to visit the United States Marine Corps base in nearby Quantico, Va., to see training exercises and meet Royal Marines there as part of a troop exchange.
He graduated summa cum laude from Princeton in 1956 and then spent three years at Oxford as a Rhodes Scholar before his doctoral studies in English literature at Harvard.
Now, Cuba is beginning to focus on fencing and rowing.
She said there had been no fires at the store during that time.
The latter parts of his career are also far less compelling, especially a second tenure as president of NBC News, when things went far less well.
"Jane was an integral part of that show.
implement that judgment by the allocation of public funds."
The Pentagon said that it had been successful in disrupting Iraq's efforts to withdraw its troops.
"Some people aren't afraid to use the water, at least until now," he said.
After a five-second countdown, more than half the Skydome roof slowly slid down behind the restaurant and hotel above the center-field wall.
Now quiches, rumaki and lobster thermidor are gone."
"Now we are training teachers in a system driven by the needs of their customers, the students.
The academy recommended research to improve the test, but it also recommended continued use of scoring adjustments.
"I have talked with Al Harazin, although I can't say I've talked to him more recently than any other general manager," said Herk Robinson, the general manager of the Royals.
The programming will originate in Hong Kong, Prime's executive vice president, Mat Tinley, said.
The ever more complicated challenge of preserving urban neigbhborhoods and buildings will be discussed by experts from a broad variety of civic and environmental groups at a conference on April 15 being sponsored by the New York Landmarks Preservation Foundation and several other civic groups.
b-Net lossc-Included write-offs of $ 22.2 million for the quarter and $ 862.5 million for the year from settlement of legal and regulatory problems stemming from a nuclear project.
WARREN CASSELL Greenwich, Conn., Aug. 11, 1991
Chong Gon Byun is one of several Korean artists experiencing a tumultuous love-hate relationship with the West.
But the Communist lords of China have failed for almost a half-century to give their people real human rights, "socialist" or otherwise.
After the war, the company developed sportswear, including the bush jacket popularized by Ernest Hemingway.
While Western and Asian diplomats scoff at the suggestion of an imminent coup -- this is a nation prone to conspiracy theories, they point out -- many agree that Mr. Sharif, whose political prospects seemed bright just a few weeks ago, will not serve out his five-year term.
is accused of a wide range of crimes including fraud, money laundering, arms deals, influence peddling and bribes.
But he clearly relishes the chance to compete in an open market.
Checkmate occurs when he is impaled and killed by the black queen and her pawns.
* Premier Industrial Corp., Cleveland, which makes electronic components, named Philip S. Sims vice chairman and Bruce W. Johnson president-elect.
More money could provide a longer school day and year and expand pre-kindergarten programs, after-school activities and services for children from troubled families.
He also spent hours poring over a children's picture book about the troll and the billy goats Gruff and telling boozy W. C. Fields jokes.
Depending on the nature of the crime, a conviction does not necessarily disqualify a candidate, he said.
In particular, by championing the basic rights of India's Muslims at a time when Mohammed Ali Jinnah and his Muslim League were not showing a corresponding interest in the fate of Muslims in India or of Hindus and Sikhs in Pakistan, Gandhi gave concrete shape to his ethical approach to the country's Hindu-Muslim problem.
TNT, meanwhile, aims at 30-to-50-year-olds.
Weekly broomball tournaments on the ice -- with competitors wearing sturdy boots rather than skates -- are held in the evening and are open to all for $3.50.
International refining and marketing contributed most of the profit gain, with profits in that sector rising to $342 million, from $81 million a year ago.
They also warn of a possible drying out of the Danube's inland delta, a unique wetlands habitat in Central Europe, as water from the Danube is diverted via a canal to turn the eight large turbines at the dam.
The people of Lebanon have never been an excitable bunch.
Beginning this weekend, Commissioner Gotbaum said, the Parks Department will also distribute leaflets spelling out the new regulation, as well as a host of safety tips, such as: "Do not wear headphones.
If the 1980's was school time, the 1990's may be a time for experimentation again.
Trying to keep the victims' spirits up, another officer, John Delarra, handed one man a subway token, saying "Here's a good luck charm."
"It's hard work playing Schubert on period instruments," Mr. Weil said.
" But the club's No.
The same goes for the gallery's current show, in that it is the opposite of the Connecticut artist "assembly lines" to be found elsewhere.
And though they frequently pay tribute to each other -- Mr. Cheney refers to the general as "my compatriot" and tutor -- each man vigorously guards the prerogatives of his office.
Chancellor Kohl plans to be among them.
A press officer for the United States squad quoted a team physician, Dr. Bob Adams, as saying that Nehemiah had sprained his lower right back during a workout over the weekend.
Here is a breakdown of what Handley has to work with and how he might do it: A Toss-Up for Passers Phil Simms, still youthful at age 35, has held the quarterback job most of the time since his rookie season of 1979.
But they noted that the generally arid region is never cloudy for long, even during the rainy season, which is now at its peak.
Mr. Mann, wearing a sportsshirt and an open collar, watched the Spitfire fly over in salute to him, and moved, was seen to mouth the word "wonderful."
If your children set the dinner table, wash the dishes or take out the garbage, ask the visiting child to pitch in.
A6 The U.S. is studying how it might respond to an Iraqi coup.
Death Toll Will Never Be Known Some allied military officers have said that as many as 40,000 Kurds, most of them women and children, may have died during their dramatic flight out of Iraq and in the weeks before foreign aid reached them.
In the mid-60's, debate over public support for parochial schools delayed Federal aid to education for years.
The dance concert was the second event in a series called Lhamo Folk Opera of Tibet, presented by the institute, an organization of Tibetan exiles directed by Ngodop Tsering that was founded in India in 1959 to preserve pure forms of Tibetan art.
Iraq's nuclear program has been arrested, but a significant mystery remains over a possible residual cache of highly enriched uranium that Saddam Hussein may be hiding.
MIPS has "a very strong balance sheet," he said, as a result of its initial public offering.
Officials in the Bush Administration have been trying to frame a plan to rescue the economy, which appears to have emerged from recession but at such an anemic level that it is hardly being felt.
But the report showed that the reason for the improvement was that more people had dropped out of the labor market, not that more workers had jobs.
A clerical-staff employee is paid the going rate in the city where he or she works, the United Nations says.
* Champion International Corp., Stamford, Conn., to Drenttel Doyle Partners, New York, for its recycled paper product lines.
The 12-year-old girl at the Flatbush party, who was shot in the left leg, was in stable condition yesterday at Kings County Hospital, the police said.
And then she wrote it.
SKETCH TO PAINTING How a work of art progresses from sketch to finished painting is explored in an exhibition at the Yale Art Gallery called "The Preparatory Process: Art in the Making."
Relying mainly on interviews with White House and State Department reporters from The New York Times, The Washington Post, The Los Angeles Times and Newsweek, the hourlong report covers the Administration's treatment of Saddam Hussein in the weeks leading up to Iraq's invasion of Kuwait in August; the announced reliance on sanctions in September and October; the doubling of American forces that began after Election Day, and the threat of attack.
And most powerfully, the people on the street, through two threatening nights.
Lawrence Taylor and Pepper Johnson will be starting linebackers, Bart Oates the backup center, Sean Landeta the punter and Reyna Thompson the special-teams specialist.
People with surplus capital are the ones who can seize new opportunities to gain more wealth, and their economic power generally provides political power, which can influence government decisions favoring their ventures.
Match Training Method to Ability Here's a rundown of what's new in marathon training and how you can adapt the methods that are best suited to your ability, experience and goals for the fall.
And, of critical importance to geneticists, the entire transformation, from fertilized egg to fully formed fish, takes only 24 hours.
Where centuries ago, there were hundreds of sovereign entities in Europe, today there are just dozens -- and this trend of consolidation continues apace with the European Community.
Instead of expensive "power lunches" she substitutes breakfast meetings or invites clients to her office.
Defense Minister Moshe Arens told the nation last week that Iraq was unlikely to fire Scud missiles here again.
Only Anne Tyler could make an arresting novel out of material like this.
But unlike some of the career Communists now climbing the ranks of power in Hanoi, these old revolutionaries embraced Communism because they saw it as an ideal means to achieve independence, reunification and economic development.
Analysts, noting that Sears had produced a profitable quarter despite a sales decline, said that the giant Chicago company was making progress in reducing operating costs but still needed a more successful merchandising focus.
"There are many brands for sale," said Jean-Michel Valette, a principal in Hambrecht & Quist, a San Francisco-based investment banking firm that specializes in wine deals.
In these applications, it is copper that is displaced.
For example, a student who borrowed $10,000 could choose to pay the money back, after graduation, at a rate of 1.5 percent for 25 years, 2 percent for 20 years, 2.5 percent for 15 years or other variations up to 5 percent for 25 years.
After five years of rapidly rising prices, the frenzied buying of art at auction is over.
Two witnesses, a man and a woman, later drink together and reconstruct in repetitious and incantatory dialogue a passion so intense that its climax was murder.
Those who slip into mental impairment leave such nest eggs easy prey to financial abuse.
It is also a resident orchestra at the Salzburg Festival.
Mr. Sheldon, 28, graduated from Oxford University and is studying for an M.B.A. at Columbia.
He was new in the business, not like those of us who have seen bodies pulled from the wreckage of cars littered with beer bottles, who have covered press conferences at which politicians who had told us they positively were not going to do something stood behind a microphone and said they were going to do it.
Their findings fit a hypothesis proposed by Dr. Charles Laird of the University of Washington in Seattle, who attributed the syndrome to abnormal gene inactivation.
"It changed my whole perspective of the importance of the film," Ms. Streisand says.
It is outrageous for the United States to give lip service to whale protection and then fail to support fully the only international agency that is capable of maintaining a moratorium on whale killing.
Years ago, the best-selling author Robert Fulghum discovered that a violin case was the best way to carry his squash equipment.
(Mozart is said to have indignantly replied that not one note could be spared.)
It was the second time in two years that the House has passed such legislation.
The seller was the F.D.I.C., which inherited the loans after the Kansas bank that lent the money to the Sheedys failed, records show.
Whatever the shortcomings that more liberal religious leaders found in Billy Graham's rallies or crusades, it soon became apparent that they had virtues raising them above much of the revivalism of the past.
He has told reporters that he goes to Madrid with a single aim: to bring about an Israeli withdrawal from southern Lebanon.
The coastal section is similar to the interior plains, where the relatively few varieties of mammals, birds and plant life signify a delicate ecosystem that exists in an area of wind and very little rain.
In the late 1930's she taught art and painted murals for the Works Progress Administration.
But asked by reporters whether Dr. Myers intended to leave soon, the Mayor answered: "He is not able to respond, really, to that.
Officials said they planned to broadcast 9 hours a day in 1992 and around the clock by 1993.
In the speed challenge last spring, amateur skiers went over 70 miles per hour, but for some, 50 miles per hour was real fast."
She was the full Fury, the dark side of hell, as cold and calculating a witch as ever stirred a cauldron.
"A center usually passes back outside when he's double-teamed, which means you might give up an open jumper.
Younger (and presumably cheaper) quartets are playing at Weill these days, and they represent a step in the right direction.
Heart-shaped brownies, cookies, cakes, tarts and so forth dominate the dessert menu.
Much of the state money has been won through a growing network of Young Turks from Moscow State University who have recently moved into positions of importance in the Russian republic's government.
Some High Risks Rejected All told, the rate for one group can be 5 times or even 15 times that of another group the same size.
Drill the holes at angles pointing toward the ends of the sill.
Chinese Accord Called Unlikely Chinese experts in the United States and Beijing said that it was unlikely that China would agree to such conditions, since it would further what the Chinese regard as the Dalai Lama's efforts to separate Tibet from the People's Republic.
Mr. Peix abhors wasting space.
'He Didn't Do Anything Wrong' "He didn't do anything wrong," MacDonald said.
California, for example, allows such nuisance claims.
Because gold prices have been slipping as inflation rises, experts are debating whether gold remains a good inflation hedge.
One was the friendly $2.8 billion takeover of Alfa-Laval, a manufacturer of dairy machinery, by Switzerland's Tetra Pak.
25 Police Commissioner says anti- crime plan will curb violence 27 Members of the Board of Correction, who say they are upset with the performance of Commissioner Allyn Sielaff, are threatening to bar the department from exceeding the limit on the jail population.
At a time when attempts at human control threatens to strangle nature, Ms. Laramee's modest but menacing constructions are a healthy reminder of the danger inherent in it.
It was the narrowest of escapes for the youngest competitor at the $3 million Virginia Slims Championships last night at Madison Square Garden.
For all of last year, sales grew a weak 3.8 percent as consumers spent at the slowest annual pace since the last recession eight years ago, the report showed.
If we truly believe a free market economy solves the problems introduced by Communism, small Czechoslovakia would be an ideal laboratory for proving that proposition.
The allegations, which surfaced periodically in the 1980's, were recently repeated in an Op-Ed article in The New York Times by Gary Sick, a former Carter Administration official, and in a book by Abolhassan Bani-Sadr, the former President of Iran.
The sheriff said his deputies were exhaustively searching through the bedrooms of the monks, emptying out drawers and turning over beds, following in the footsteps of the killers, who he said had ransacked the living quarters and ripped the telephones out of the walls.
"They're just two confident and cocky cornerbacks.
It would have made a great story.
Mercedes-Benz, which announced the review last month, has asked at least eight agencies to participate.
will be able to raise premiums.
It's Not Memorex, or Montana "I can't say I'm surprised," Seifert said of Bono's improvement over four games.
Starting center Vlade Divac underwent surgery to repair a herniated disk and will be sidelined for six weeks to eight weeks.
The former official, Alan D. Fiers, was in a position to know many details of the Government's efforts to assist a guerrilla army inside Nicaragua from 1984 to 1986 when Congress had effectively banned military aid to the rebels, or contras.
I included a display of the life cycle of a jellyfish to emphasize this point.
The program at this campus in Dalian, a port city in China's industrial northeast, the region once known as Manchuria, also took senior Chinese officials and offered them midcareer training in American management techniques.
At midday shards of broken glass and shattered plastic still lay scattered on the roadway.
And the Kenya Writers Association, moribund for eight years after being co-opted by the Government, is being revived.
A trip across the Tappan Zee Bridge on Friday, to the Rockland Center for the Arts in West Nyack, can yield the delights of an 8:30 P.M. recital by one of the better young string quartets in the area, the Meridian.
This is the corn that the Indians grew."
Diners on the wooden balcony can look up at the original pressed tin ceiling or down at the long, wooden bar.
Such affiliate arrangements have been criticized by the Litigation Section of the American Bar Association, but the initial flap has died down as conflicts have not been evident.
They didn't want their friends to find out that they were shopping in a resale shop.
But so far the losses have been manageable, and the growth has been rapid.
He is a currency trader with Midland Montagu in New York.
The 1990 study showed that deposits in 28 Chinatown banks totaled $3.24 billion, while deposits in 34 Flushing banks totaled $3.13 billion.
That, according to plan, will provide the capital for acquisitions.
Members of the opposition coalition were holding consultations on the political impasse.
His off-the-cuff comment came at a moment of political delicacy in the region and seemed to underscore the importance that the Administration attaches to Syria's continuing support for the Middle East peace talks, as well as efforts by Syria and Iran in the release of Western hostages held by pro-Iranian groups in Lebanon.
Experiments conducted with the device at the Joint Institute for Laboratory Astrophysics in Boulder, Colo., have confirmed some key predictions of a major theory of the structure of matter, and forthcoming experiments will investigate the possibility of subtle deviations from the theory that would reveal previously undetected relationships among the basic forces of nature.
It is filled with the handsome photographs of fauna and flora that viewers have come to expect on Sunday evenings, and there is the handsome George Page as guide.
"If you would ask me what are the prerequisites, certainly to me having that experience is important.
Smith said he hoped Nemchinov's arrival would lead to agreements with the other Soviet players.
But since Start places limits on how much data can be encrypted during test flights, the Defense Department is unlikely to use the boosters for operations that are considered sensitive.
The Pentagon says the presence of homosexuals could damage discipline and morale and could interfere with the system of rank and command and the deployment of personnel under minimal privacy.
Drain well in a colander or sieve and press with the back of a wooden spoon to release water.
The book is nothing but action and heroics.
An Austin lawyer, Mike Davis, said today that the ruling by the Texas Third Court of Appeals earlier this week was counter to other legal opinions that the Federal Cigarette Labeling Act, which provides for health warning on cigarette packages, protects manufacturers from liability actions.
Since school was out for the summer, the school board let her move the clinic into the elementary school.
"After the massacre many friends of his who had been involved asked him to help them and he did."
In Brussels, politesse and brevity are the rule.
"If you've worked here the last six months, you had to recognize how good he is."
They describe the difficulties of organizing women.
These measures, including nonrecurring revenues and overly optimistic projections of tax collections or state spending needs, are what Mr. Cuomo is now attacking with all the born-again fervor of a reformed sinner.
A Washington newsletter, PAC's & Lobbies, now calculates that the 391 members who won in November will carry a record $80 million campaign surplus into the next election -- up from the $66 million left over after the 1988 election, and $44 million after the 1986 election.
Mr. Duke, who despite rejection by party leaders is running as a Republican, has made religion an issue in the governor's race by insisting that his past should not be held against him because of his new Christian attitudes.
Zito draws crowds to his barn at Churchill Downs these cool mornings before the Derby, not just to see Strike the Gold in his stall but to hear the wit and wisdom of the colt's trainer.
In removing Mr. Polozkov from leadership, his hard-line party also expelled Mr. Rutskoy as an unwanted member.
Our post office can't even deliver mail normally."
As I understand it, the Transit Authority will continue to occupy its present building as well.
Ms. Heifetz, 29 years old, graduated from Boston University and Brooklyn Law School.
Mr. McCall and Carol Burt-Beck, the principal at Thomas Jefferson, said in separate remarks that Mr. Sharpe's death was a tragic reminder of the need to quell violence in the streets and schools and to better protect students.
"The state of mind is 'I don't want to lock myself into anything,' " said James Camissa, a travel industry consultant in Miami.
It linked the series of violations to rules imposed by the Treasury to limit the amount of securities an individual firm could bid for in an auction.
Morris (3-4), who allowed 16 base runners in 5 innings in his previous start in Boston, struck out 7 and allowed only a pair of doubles by Jim Gantner.
It is a fact of life that teen-age pregnancy and acquired immune deficiency syndrome pose grave threats to the growth and health of our children.
When did the modern age begin?
"We have increased our sales dramatically in the last five years and increased revenues close to 300 percent," he said, "and our spring list is our strongest ever."
With help from a private grant, California Newsreel of San Francisco has placed dozens of sets of its eight-title Library of African Cinema in libraries around the country.
But a few are pessimistic.
They've got a real doubt in their minds about whether they want to pay the taxes and send the young men and women abroad in support of that role."
The unusually predatory offense the Islanders launched at Vanbiesbrouck in the opening period seemed to catch the Rangers off-guard.
Some paintings have multiple silkscreened images, often of clowns; others sport big red polka dots that can extend to the deep frames of these large-scale works; still others have hard, shiny surfaces and motifs that suggest decals and logos.
Stars & Stripes, the United States boat skippered by Dennis Conner, held fourth with 14.
"Those are the sort of things you want to find out about yourselves now, not later."
Re8 followed by 17 .
Farrar, Straus & Giroux .
The fatal plunge of the abrasive Roz Shays (Diana Muldaur) down an elevator shaft was not quite as accidental as the producers contend.
Now, he is back to writing scripts as a free-lancer.
Tickets available through Choral Charge, (212) 333-5333; Centercharge, (212) 721-6500, or at the Avery Fisher Hall box office.
The general (and the author) speaks: "You have no followers, Pope John.
Do kids pick up on the sexism in children's culture?
The Mariners spent nearly the first two months alternating streaks.
Well, 500 more or less.
Last Wednesday, Seton Hall was smothered by North Carolina.
In a statement aimed at healing a breach with the Jewish community before coming to the United States, Josef Cardinal Glemp, the Roman Catholic Primate of Poland, expressed regret yesterday for suggesting in August 1989 that Jewish demonstrators who scaled the walls of a convent at the Auschwitz concentration camp site had intended to harm the nuns.
RICHARD L. FLEMING Winter Park, Fla.
Dr. Healy's combative performance at the hearing worried her supporters at the institutes, in Congress and at the White House.
Requests for refunds of more than $500 must be mailed to Ottawa.
And it arrived in this country in 1977 amid a flurry of lawsuits, mixed reviews and charges of artistic butchery.
This agreement is diplomatically significant because in-country seismic monitoring stations substantially lower the threshold of detection and identification of small underground tests in the Soviet Union.
His "Life of St. Anthony" and "Passion Predella" pictured a vibrant and detailed contemporary environment embracing anachronistic biblical scenes in the foreground.
Andrew Randall conducts the singers, soloists and chamber orchestra in one of the more unusual tonal juxtapositions of the season: Dvorak's Mass in D with a medley from the Broadway hit "Les Miserables" (694-2200).
She sheds her great-man theory of history long enough to describe artfully the social milieu that created the anti-Yankee dictator.
Guerrillas in the coca-growing Upper Huallaga Valley of Peru raided an American-built anti-drug base on Sunday with rocket-propelled grenades and small arms fire, officials said today.
Waived Doug Reed, defensive tackle; Corwin Anthony, tight end; Jeff Hammerschmidt, safety; Craig Hartsuyker and Pat Tyrance, linebackers; Dustin Quinton, offensive tackle; Trevor Ryals, center; Ernie Thompson, running back; and Jeff Fields, defensive tackle.
Company officials said some employees would be laid off in June and additional layoffs might follow.
But a cousin, Julie Marlow, 24, of Minneapolis, said she was angry about the possibility that Corporal Bentzlin was killed by friendly fire.
Investigations led by a commission of the Peruvian Congress and involving two American private investigative companies have turned up preliminary evidence -- which Mr. Garcia has rebutted -- that during his presidency he siphoned away as much as $50 million from the country and used B.C.C.I.
And the Construction Goes On Construction began at the turn of the century and is still going on.
Other states may file similar suits.
Corporate Finance has a controlled circulation, which means it is sent to specific individuals at no charge.
Birinyi Associates, which monitors such activity, said it spotted only one 13-minute selling wave starting at 10:30 and that it lopped less than 3 points off the Dow.
"In no way are we holding off because we have a black mayor and a predominantly white business community," said Mr. Tisch, whom Mr. Dinkins has named his "ambassador" to Washington.
(206-443-3299) SEATTLE SYMPHONY MAINLY MOZART SER IES June 4-14.
"In each of these days the market was trying to regroup after days of downdrafts," he said.
Gross held the Edward and Gertrude Swartz chair in theoretical physics.
"I've written on a Lear Jet commuting between New York and Des Moines."
The pots are given a good soak, placed on the sand and covered with eight inches of perlite, which keeps temperatures from fluctuating too wildly as the mercury rises or plummets outside.
They could not have unfolded quickly or smoothly.
Inside Israel, the police announced this morning that 10 Israeli Arabs had been arrested over the last two weeks on suspicion of spying for Iraq and the Palestine Liberation Organization.
Yield: 45 to 50 stuffed leaves.
Holloway was dazed for three weeks.
Well, Schwarzkopf is the antithesis of that.
I had a normal social life with other men outside the office.
"Even the Soviet Union has changed very drastically.
Thank you very, very much.
"My family's going to be an F-16 -- no husband, no kids," she said.
Sponsored by the Urban Park Rangers.
The Solar do Ferrao, which dates to 1701 and is just off Pelourinho, houses the Abelardo Rodrigues Museum, while the Museum of Modern Art, on cliffs above the sea, is part of the complex of the Solar do Unhao, which also has a restaurant offering regional dishes and a folklore show.
Homesites Planned The Adirondack parcels, offered by Lassiter Properties Inc. in Atlanta, are spread through the northern and western Adirondacks.
Also, he could hope that by striking now for a cease-fire/withdrawal arrangement, he would catch the U.S. and its allies off balance and unready to dictate other critical terms such as limiting Iraqi forces and inspecting Iraqi military facilities and stockpiles.
"You can call me old-fashioned, maybe even sentimental, but 'Dances With Wolves' is a great picture, even if I didn't produce it myself."
"If we had been in a pennant race, it would have been a heck of a game," said Mets Manager Bud Harrelson.
Call (800) 688-7400 or in Connecticut, (203) 754-8776.
Those republican governments taking an undemocratic course -- and Mr. Baker singled out Georgia -- will not receive Western support.
Jonathan Dolgen, who is president of the theatrical division of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc., has been named president of a newly formed motion picture group at the company.
Claims of Sexual Abuse Mr. Kgase, Mr. Mono and Mr. Mekgwe were previously kidnapped by Mrs. Mandela's bodyguards on Dec. 29, 1988, from the residence of a white Methodist minister in Soweto and kept in her home, where they said they were beaten to make them say they had been sexually abused.
She asks people to remember the pairs.
The industry says they are unnecessary, but environmentalists say they should be the nationwide standard.
"In Vietnam, you never saw the senior sergeants," he said.
* Sun Sportswear, Kent, Wash., has named Kevin James vice president of finance.
Leaders of the major parties and lawmakers from eastern and western Germany spoke on both sides of the issue.
A SUDDEN LOVE FOR AUTOZONE One of the more successful of the recent spate of initial public offerings was AutoZone, a do-it-yourself auto-parts retailer based in Memphis.
He was 78 years old and died of lung cancer, his family said.
Fixed-rate mortgages averaged 9.56 percent this week, down from 9.61 percent last week, according to a national survey released today by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation.
Vaclav Neckar Government Agent .
It may be the longest version yet of Shakespeare's shortest tragedy, it must be one of the noisiest and the people in it are painted blue.
Newspaper advertisements will "match" Meadow Star and Lite Light as though they were heavyweight fighters, and will even match their respective owners, Carl Icahn, the financier, and M. C. Hammer, the rap singer.
Nippon had previously produced German, Italian and Greek versions of "The Sistine Chapel."
And what made some of Rudolf Belling's sculptures acceptable and others degenerate?
There is a full bar, and a small wine and beer list that includes the local brew, Elm City.
And inspired anachronisms ("Thou Swell").
But there will be just as many critics and fans who will relish the revival of the tenor saxophone language, a distinct American creation.
But in some cases, usually 10 to 20 percent of the screened calls in any given day, the workers are unable to reach the callers or cannot find the time to return the calls.
"As soon as I said yes, I thought 'Oh, my God,' and I hid under my covers," he said, grinning.
The small tear in the rotator cuff has been closed.
A10 The politics of closing military bases have convinced a number of Republican lawmakers normally loyal to President Bush that they must now fight the Administration.
Darryl-Darryl- Darryl was born to be a star with that gigantic body and that raw power and the family name, but he was essentially a Californian, enigmatic.
In 1983, Midtown's inventory of class A office space totaled 658,000 square feet.
"I say we teach the comedies, the tragedies, the poetry of the ancient world but in the modern language," Mr. Kakrides said.
He was convicted and sentenced to die in the electric chair.
Dave Magadan pointed his at himself.
At maturity in 2008, this bond will pay the $1,000 face value.
Tickets $35 for cocktails and silent auction only; $100 for the entire evening; (203) 531-6500.
After the closings, Hills will operate 154 stores in 12 states.
18 Re1 Kd8 19 Qg4 Bg4, leaving Black a piece ahead in the resulting endgame.
14 Political memo: Lee Atwater's death leaves a hole in the Republican political operation and in the party's psyche as well.
The Mets want an $18 million ball park and Norfolk will not budge from $15 million.
Justice Philip E. Lagana set sentencing for July 8.
Mr. Armantano said the department would create detours that would send traffic through neighborhood streets.
We're just angry at the result of our sins."
As a former president, he is a member of the Peruvian Senate and therefore has immunity.
Gross National Product $5,521.3 4.9 Consumption 3,730.0 4.0 Business investment 522.6 -7.4 Inventory change -27.6 N.A.
At the moment they are cheaper than cellular services.
A more-permanent way is to wrap the asbestos with a water-activated fiberglass cloth, which is sold in plumbing and marine supply stores.
A project examination assesses how a student works with a group.
But it was the nation's magic carpet.
Faculty members who object to teaching the added course -- usually a seminar -- in the residential colleges can offer it in the academic departments.
Mr. Harbert said the networks had indeed actively pursued the show.
To the Editor: The contentious debate surrounding the appointment of Judge Clarence Thomas to the Supreme Court is the latest, and perhaps most acrimonious, of recent appointments to the Court in a highly political atmosphere.
For information about all New York Is Book Country activities, the number is (212) 522-3043.
"I thank the deputies for this confidence and assure you that it will be used only for the benefit of Russia and its people," Mr. Yeltsin told the lawmakers.
Every player promoted from Utica, the team's top affiliate in the minor leagues, has played well for the Devils recently.
Father Kishkovsky dwelt on another image: the burial of two young Russian Orthodox men and one young Jewish man who were killed in resisting the tanks during the failed coup.
This is an acting choice that leads the character of Blanche away from the fragility of mind and spirit Williams intended to portray.
Loans guaranteed by the U.S. -- low rate, long term and non-collateralized -- to a bankrupt country with hidden assets are tax-paid foreign aid.
"You know, I don't remember if I slept this morning."
"She told me she was feeling left out," said Ms. Sullivan, a medical technologist.
It constitutes both a compliment and an act of faith.
It is more than 35 years now since the cats in this fishing village along Japan's rugged southern coast began to foam at the mouth, tear at themselves and, in fits of crazed blindness, throw themselves into the sea.
"The data in the article are correct.
He won't be able to come.
"We've been up and down, but hopefully this will get us going in the right direction."
He was a 1927 graduate of Brooklyn Law School and was in private practice from 1929 to 1947 with the firm of Levine & Meckler in Manhattan.
In early 1990, Connecticut switched from one game to as many as five.
In two other home opening-game starts, he is 2-0.
Desertion is normally punishable by death.
The Justice Department is preparing to bring civil rights charges in 14 police brutality cases, including one against an agent of the Immigration and Naturalization Service accused of intimidating grocery store owners in Manhattan.
"We faced him in the first day back after the All-Star break and we were a little flat," said Joyner.
Complying With Charter The three republics "are reintegrated into the Olympic movement with immediate effect," it said.
Like many kindhearted people, Ms. Worobel initially took the change personally.
(Open 9 A.M. to 6 P.M. Monday through Saturday, 10 A.M. to 5 P.M.
A New Yorker by adoption stopped to watch them.
Mr. Mozer, according to the details of the scandal Salomon has acknowledged, made the firm's top managers aware of a bidding violation in April.
At the same time, the agency was shaken by a departure of top executives, the closing of its entertainment division in Los Angeles and the loss of several large accounts.
KRISTINE LILLY of Wilton, Conn., scored in the 27th minute.
Redskins 20, Cardinals 14 TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) -- Mark Rypien passed for two touchdowns in the third quarter as Washington rallied from a 14-0 halftime deficit to beat Phoenix and guarantee itself the home-field advantage throughout the N.F.C.
Among their favorite shows are reruns, on Nickelodeon, of the situation comedies I watched myself, back in those years.
"For investors who don't need fund distributions, failing to reinvest dividends is a costly mistake," said Stuart Goldberg, who manages Merrill's mutual funds research department.
The company, Nutek Computers Inc., will face many legal and marketing obstacles in selling its technology.
Following that game, shortly after 4 P.M. Eastern time, the kickoff for the National Football Conference championship game between the Giants and San Francisco 49ers is scheduled at Candlestick Park in San Francisco.
But he too noted of the treaty: "It advances the interests of Europe as a whole.
Armed with $10 million more in private and Federal grants, researchers study ways to make mental health care more effective.
It was distributed by the Justice Department press office after 6 P.M., after most Congressional offices had closed.
But back in Port St. Lucie, when the Mets had not yet lost a game, Manager Bud Harrelson had very different reasons for making the assignment.
As individuals and governments, we have an imperative moral obligation to oppose the military government and thus avoid any appearance of its acceptance by the international community.
Rizzuto has never been one to mask his feelings.
"Then, when I get closer to the Olympics, I'll make a decision on the 1,500.
"It's the first number we'll have really confirming the recession," said David Marshall, senior currency analyst for MMS International Inc. Signs of economic weakness generally erode the dollar's value and prompt investors to seek currencies from countries with stronger economies.
Today the Ache live in two villages adjacent to Mbaracayu, but still use the forest as their traditional hunting grounds.
This rate, 10.591, is computed by dividing the total tax levy by the total billable value.
Even if my play is successful, I will never win the Pulitzer.
The Right Combination This combination of teacher initiative, administrative supervision and public accountability is how choice has helped improve schools in East Harlem, a district with all the problems of most inner-city school systems.
At the close, a beaming and grateful Desi is telling their fans, "Thank you, America, and thank you, Lucy."
Yet the number of lab personnel is down by only about 20 percent from cold war highs.
He joined the faculty at Chapel Hill in 1963, served as department chairman for a decade and retired in 1978.
After four months of hearings, the mood of the board yesterday afternoon was best captured by Dorothea Kuritzkes, an aide to Mrs. Gresser.
NBC has a huge investment in the 1992 Olympics and hopes to make as much as $100 million from an ambitious plan for special pay-per-view coverage of the games.
The assumption is that soot would rise into the stratosphere and linger, blocking some sunlight and lowering surface temperatures.
I wished her better luck than I was having being someone like, uh, me.
Father John sent back the letter with a note saying, "We don't accept money that way."
But in the mountains and jungles, where more than 50 percent of the country lives, it is a different story.
The trial was moved to Minnesota partly because of pretrial publicity in the Southeast.
My husband and I and an artist friend, Leslie Bostrom, requested an itinerary combining standard routes, modified for our own particular interests.
A piano is situated a few feet from world maps.
Silver for current delivery gained 2.1 cents on the Commodity Exchange, ending at $4.067 an ounce.
Two months after a military coup, Thais feel secure enough to grumble more loudly about the country's affairs, but Mr. Anand, 58 years old, is not normally the target.
"This is not greed, but simply a desire to deal with a cruel world and to seek a sense of self-sufficiency and security that earlier generations took for granted," said Bickley Townsend, a Roper vice president.
Mr. Moody was the only defense witness, taking the stand against the advice of his court-appointed lawyers.
Along with many newspapers, The Times ordinarily omits the names of sex-crime victims and juvenile suspects.
Dave Pederson, a third class petty officer who plays in his ship's heavy metal band, Voodoo Meat Bucket, wrote: "You would really be surprised to see the effect a letter has over here.
I mutter all the way to work and don't stop until lunch time.
Only the trattoria is open for lunch; in the evening guests can dine upstairs or enjoy the lighter fare of the trattoria.
Satisfied that South Africa has committed itself to abolishing discrimination in sports, the International Olympic Committee today lifted a 21-year-long ban on the nation, allowing its athletes to compete in the 1992 Summer Games in Barcelona, Spain.
Coast Guard regulations mandate that each person on board have an approved flotation device, not necessarily wear one.
Whole countries -- first Kuwait, now Iraq, then, perhaps, other countries -- are facing the threat of catastrophic destruction.
Perhaps most striking are trompe l'oeil mosaic rugs designed by Patty Madden, with hundreds of small squares creating an illusionistic three-dimensional surface.
By Monday afternoon the Corps' chief scouts, the men of the Army's Second Armored Cavalry Regiment, were reported to have reached as far as 80 miles north and east into Iraq, leading a modern-day wagon train of men and heavy armor.
After World War II, the phenomenal development of Kuwaiti oil really began.
Analysts note that the average three-month bill rate was the lowest yield since Oct. 26, 1987, when it was 5.12 percent, and the six-month was the lowest since Oct. 27, 1986, when it was 5.21 percent.
Because many mobile-home park residents own their homes and lease the land underneath, he said, they are vulnerable to the whims of landlords.
Have Glove, Will Travel LaPoint, who has played for eight teams in nine years in the major leagues, compiled a 13-19 record with a 4.74 earned run average in two years with the Yankees.
The Iraqi information ministry claimed that several American pilots had been captured.
Daily Life A Steady Struggle For a Cup of Rice With the fighting and a drought, nearly 10 percent of Cambodians are now displaced by the war, a record number, and there is not enough rice to feed them.
Both worlds were represented on Friday night at a surprise birthday party for Mr. Falk at the Players Club in Manhattan.
Joe Kocur, acquired by the Rangers on Tuesday to add a dimension of toughness, spent the third period in a local hospital and stayed behind when his teammates headed home tonight after he complained he had trouble breathing.
* Valley Bancorp, Appleton, Wis., will merge with United Savings and Loan Association, Sheboygan, Wis.
The German central bank's surprising decision to increase interest rates last month has raised new questions about Germany's commitment to international cooperation in general and to Western Europe's goals of economic integration and monetary union in particular.
It is BASEIII, which has already been enthusiastically adopted by numerous experts, including the world champions Bob Hamman and Eric Rodwell.
But none of the allies were prepared to support a messy civil war with an unclear outcome.
This production was directed by Alex Darie, director of the Comedy Theater in Bucharest, Romania.
Still, the family vacation endures and the travel industry is trying to rewrite the script.
After that, if Bavaro gets medical clearance, he will decide whether he will try to play pro football again or retire after six seasons.
There lies American national interest in Tibet.
If the parasite is present, it is killed when the meat is cooked to 137 degrees.
Had the conflict been long, bloody or indecisive, Fahd would have been weakened.
For a man who seems at home in a pew, the partnership with Mr. Rostenkowski, a backroom politician of the old school, appears a puzzle.
A10 Reporter's notebook: Et tu Anatoly?
Now there's a new version, available at Walden Books and the Civilized Traveller.
"I owed this club a little something."
Ms. Noriega said the teen-ager's death was the first suicide in the 11-year history of the Buffalo Limited Secure Facility, which houses about 100 male juvenile offenders and juvenile delinquents between the ages of 13 to 17.
He tracks down lost luggage or lost owners of luggage.
b-Net loss and after a loss from discontinued operations of $ 2,480,000.
White House officials said today that they first learned of the contents of the commercial last Friday.
Larry Rivers was one of the first to own a work.
Warren Stewart, who leads a statewide petition drive to get a nonpaid King holiday on the Arizona state ballot by 1992, used today's Fiesta Bowl parade to gain public support by asking citizens to sign the petition.
Will any minority members be hired as head coach this year, or even interviewed?
All of which is fairly routine sitcom fodder.
"It was never taken into a public arena."
"Then again, I doubt the world in general is as friendly as it used to be," he said.
Many of the vignette-like songs about "people who are not like you -- who are just like you" were dropped from the team's other shows, most notably the 1983 "Baby."
I train very hard in the off season.
The three governments froze the money on that basis.
Choose a good, hearty bread for dunking.
But traders said the interventions failed for the most part to curb the market's widespread belief that postwar euphoria has primed the United States for an economic recovery.
Since taking over the Apollo, Mr. Sutton and his family presided over a renovation project that was budgeted at $5.7 million but ended up costing more than $20 million.
Trying to contain Jordan is the Knicks' top priority.
"I'm an old guy, and I need to get on.
Leftist Singer Arrested On Friday, the force reportedly arrested a popular singer, Manno Charlemagne, whose rousing Creole songs with leftist themes were highly sympathetic to Father Aristide.
It is eminently approvable and perfectly in order."
About 25 people made it past this first cut, then went on to interviews with the committee, which picked the final 10 for such traits as their ability to work with groups and dig for information.
Rh6, nor 48 Qg3, because of 48 .
Students were tested for 65 minutes in problem-solving and concepts on the first day.
The musical is scheduled to open at the St. James on April 25.
This is absolutely inevitable if the Jordan River is to be developed by anyone."
"The things we are doing are not going to relax rules or result in funny accounting standards or in any way attempt to hide losses," Mr. Clarke said yesterday after a speech to the New York State Bankers Association.
He said they were not "corroborating witnesses," as most had seen them, but "collaborating witnesses, collaborating with the special interest groups that pounced on Anita Hill and her story in their effort to assassinate the character and integrity of Clarence Thomas."
It was intended to desegregate the schools without mandatory busing, using upgraded, specialized curriculums to lure white students into predominantly black schools, and vice versa.
The recording studio has seen the likes of Tony Bennett.
"Jews go crazy if someone desecrates a synagogue, or if is one of us is killed by a non-Jew," she says.
The bride, who was a widow, teaches prekindergarten in the Mount Vernon school system.
And we need more employers that try to accommodate their workers' family needs."
A public school on Staten Island that has ranked among the top schools in New York City in reading scores is under investigation for possible tampering with standardized student tests, Board of Education officials said yesterday.
Consumers would not be left high and dry, however, because state law requires Allstate to secure alternative coverage for its customers, but it was widely agreed that the withdrawal of such an important company would bring more uncertainty to a auto-insurance market already in upheaval.
A judge today dismissed 12 of the 46 fraud counts pending against Charles H. Keating Jr. and three of his former associates at the Lincoln Savings and Loan Association, citing technical problems with amended charges filed by the prosecution.
Should you hover over the desk and thumb through the morning paper or just plunge right into conversation?
In the game with U.N.L.V.
In San Francisco this year, Tom Hsieh, an architect born in Beijing, is one of four candidates for Mayor.
Once his parents cruelly made him get rid of a pet duck.
Their decision has been based on the belief that detainees had stockpiled food, purchased at the prison commissary in anticipation of the takeover, and were sharing it with the hostages.
They cite in particular its homogeneous assemblage of mid-block town houses and apartment buildings interspersed with mansions on the avenues.
No money has been invested in either company for 20 years, he added.
Overall tobacco advertising revenue dropped to $200 million in 1989 from $358 million in 1988.
Flags, meanwhile, are a different story.
Mrs. Perrotte, and her husband, Edward, of Candor, N.Y., tearfully embraced outside the third-floor courtroom at 60 Centre Street yesterday moments after Mr. Benjamin, who was handling his first big DES case, reached a settlement with the lawyers from Brown & Wood, who were representing Lilly, the last drug company that had remained in the case.
The Glass family -- by this time including Healy relatives -- sold the building to make way for the Mary Manning Walsh Home in 1966.
The telephone number is (802) 253-4010.
Yes, such a meeting is necessary.
One of the ways we do this is by destroying the bridges that lead into the Kuwaiti theater of operations area.
It said the rules require the company for the first time to amortize its licenses and rights.
GOOD BOYS AND DEAD GIRLS: And Other Essays, by Mary Gordon.
When all the facts become known, our role in this matter will be vindicated.
Mike Boddicker (11-10) gave up four runs on six hits in six innings.
Half its 98 residents are from Spanish-speaking cultures, primarily Mexican-American.
The DeLonghi case points up one of the agency's most contentious issues: how it discloses information involving hazards.
The 777 has two large wing-mounted engines, providing greater fuel efficiency and simpler operation than comparably sized four-engine jets, and can carry a maximum of 360 passengers.
Teterboro would pay their salaries and benefits, and the county would patrol here on weeknights and weekends.
Her father is the United States Ambassador to the Vatican.
You have to try it once.
When all but two of the 13 dancers suddenly drop to the floor, a man rises suddenly to kiss passionately one of the two women who stand.
This is poetry that marches in a stately order; classical in its dignity and perfectly readable, it argues the mystical union of dark and light, death and life.
At the time of his mysterious death on Nov. 5, Robert Maxwell almost certainly knew he was about to be caught.
With storms of worry sweeping Long Island schools over state-aid reductions and the possibility of layoffs and cutbacks, Sagaponack may indeed be the wish-granting Emerald City of school districts.
Instead of following the regular process of nominating 11 directors subject to Senate confirmation, President Bush engages in a cynical evasion of the advise-and-consent process.
"Most people have a child without thinking about why.
The gulf war put this new world to its, its first test.
Taxes and labor costs are rising.
There has also been a surge of aircraft training in recent days, officials said.
Usually, a combination begins with the sacrifice of a piece or a pawn to break down the defenses of the enemy king, so that the follow-up punches will come with greater force.
To the New York Mets Fans: Over the past three years, there has been an awful lot said and written about me.
His first marriage ended in divorce.
I'm a pretty conservative guy.
Best bets from the tropics are the conch in creole sauce and the chunks of lobster, given a similar treatment.
When new Supreme Court majorities hasten to overrule the Court's own recent precedents, the justices invite the public to believe, as Felix Frankfurter once warned, "that law is an expression of chance -- for instance, of unexpected changes in the Court's composition and the contingencies in the choice of successors."
In Minnesota: "E." (Perhaps the missing vowel?)
George may have been the biggest loser in the Nets' decision to take Anderson over Syracuse's guard-forward Billy Owens, who went to Sacramento with the third pick.
The woman at the cash register shook her head and gave me a "This is New York, pal!"
"I can't do anything," Lourdes Osorio said.
Rice said the B-2's failure this summer in an early trial of its ability to elude enemy radar was a minor technical setback.
To illustrate the casting processes developed in China 4,000 years ago, the Shanghai Museum sent facsimile molds, photographs showing metalworking techniques and reproductions of ancient bronzes.
Tough and challenging are two adjectives he used, along with delightful and smart.
"Everything was up in the air until we saw Yeltsin on television," a 70-year-old pensioner named Polina said.
Mae S. Schmidle, a Republican from Newtown, who gave up her seat in the House after 10 years to mount an unsuccessful bid for the party's nomination for Secretary of the State, said the change is good.
In a laser printer, a small laser beam flashes off a spinning mirror and "writes" its image on a rotating drum.
The low-price strategy raised Macintosh sales by 85 percent last quarter compared with the corresponding quarter of 1990.
"The question was always whether they could build them fast enough.
"The industry had a pretax loss last year, and they very well could have record earnings this year," said John Keefe, an analyst with the Lipper Analytical Securities Corporation.
Yesterday's rise "could signal a move to 3,100 soon," he added.
He flied out to center to end the inning, and then it got louder and any allies the slugger had were gone.
It is the biggest scandal since Poland began its transition from Communism to capitalism in January 1990, and it highlights the way financial fraud can accompany the emergence of free markets.
Saunders ran for three touchdowns and caught a scoring pass from Hartlieb to become the fifth Hawkeye to score four touchdowns in a game.
The firm will offer stock, not just cash.
IF confirmed by the Senate as the Director of Central Intelligence, Robert M. Gates may well take the United States intelligence "community" through its most important transition since President Harry Truman set the structure for America's bureaucracy of spies in 1947.
Four other Seattle pitchers had operations, and a fifth, Mike Schooler, missed the last six weeks because of a strained shoulder muscle.
The sequels, however, have been a classic example of flogging a winner to death.
The United States and its economic allies yesterday executed an "amubush" in the foreign exchange market, with waves of coordinated selling that knocked the value of the dollar down as much as 2.4 percent.
Las Vegas had outgrown its need for Tarkanian.
The film will star KEVIN COSTNER as the former New Orleans prosecutor JAMES GARRISON, whose investigation maintained that Kennedy was the victim of a Central Intelligence Agency and Federal Bureau of Investigation conspiracy and that Oswald was set up as their fall guy.
Tim Cheveldae made 27 saves and Sergei Fedorov had a goal and an assist tonight as the Detroit Red Wings beat the Islanders, 2-0, for their fourth victory in five games.
Christmas portion, by candlelight, followed by a carol sing-along.
Marijuana is not considered a performance-enhancing drug and thus is not prohibited by the International Olympic Committee.
For all its heavy responsibility, his job was an anonymous one: Mr. Ray, one of 2,900 New York subway train operators -- commonly referred to as motormen, even though more than 100 are women -- was glimpsed fleetingly, if at all, in the tiny cabs of trains entering stations, but was entrusted daily with the smooth operation of multi-million dollar trains and the safety of tens of thousands of passengers.
Army technical experts, already in the midst of upgrading the Patriot's software to improve the system's ability to intercept Scuds at higher altitudes and detect the missile's explosive warhead as it broke up -- both steps taken to reduce the amount of debris that would fall on cities -- added a fix to correct the targeting imprecision.
These swarms of orbiting miniature rockets can intercept strategic missiles in their trajectories and pulverize them.
It is open free of charge Tuesdays through Fridays and on Sundays from 1 to 5 P.M. and Saturdays from 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. Free tours are given on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Sundays at 2:30 P.M. Exhibition-related family workshops are scheduled for March 9, April 13 and April 27 at a cost of $4 each.
No guidebook, not even the "AIA Guide to New York City," mentions it, and two works devoted to such anomalies -- "New York's Nooks and Crannies," by David Yeadon, and "New York Enclaves," by William Hemp -- miss it entirely.
At Khabarovsk, Soviet soldiers carried a wreath of red roses to the tombstone, giving poignancy to the long-awaited visit today and to the fact that there was never any peace treaty between the two countries after the war.
That was a very lucky 16 imps to Poland, but it was against the run of the play.
Surviving are two daughters and a son.
We wanted to transfer that energy onto the football field."
British officials said environmental consequences had been fully considered in the planning of all the projects where construction is already under way.
"Well, Andrew," said Whitney Rowland, a fellow pupil, bringing some perspective to the discussion.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
She doesn't go to hear the Philharmonic.
It's still up to Mr. Gray and Mr. Sununu to maintain the ethical tone their President says he wants.
But he was barely conversant with what was just then beginning to matter: public opinion.
That may be why a mutation to it is so deadly.
Mr. Kuhnen was the most prominent leader of the small but fanatical neo-Nazi movement in Germany.
"I felt that if the club ever wanted to pay me more, I'd be happy to take it.
Those in the treatment group started with a low dose of the diuretic chlorthalidone once a day.
In the Hague the European Community renewed an effort with Yugoslavia's six republics to bring the three-month conflict to an end.
By Tuesday, Mr. Massaccesi was somewhat of a national hero.
"Our audiences have been sending us signals that they were ready for a return to a slightly more conservative season," Mr. Kapp said.
To remove a push-pull diverter mounted in the wall, unscrew it with channel-type pliers.
And two forthcoming movies, "Another You" with Richard Pryor and Gene Wilder, and "The Fisher King" with Robin Williams and Jeff Bridges.
Researchers believe the repair genes work in healthy people by generating enzymes that merge together into an active bundle, which moves ceaselessly along the DNA molecule to recognize deformities.
"We're not going to run out of money and close shop," Mr. Dinkins said.
"A very important book," said Professor Charles P. Korr, a historian at the University of Missouri-St. Louis.
A density sensor is about the size of a pocket calculator.
Camel's pro-smoking message may be reaching even children in first grade.
At $363 for 31 grams, six milligrams would set you back about 7 cents.
It was her decision and we believe in her and we believe in Israel."
Airlines are also in a stonger position to get concessions from creditors, particulary leaseholders on planes, because there is a surplus of aircraft on the market.
Although the man who in 1962 broke Ty Cobb's single-season base-stealing record discusses love affairs with Doris Day, Edie Adams and others, the only person he really ends up telling on is himself.
scientist who helped pioneer RISC technology and now heads Micro unity Inc., a Silicon Valley start-up that is building an advanced RISC chip.
A determined experimenter as well as a deluxe showman, Mr. Guillemin's strongest looks were in fake fur, expertly cut into coats and dresses, but closed with the black plastic fasteners used in luggage.
Mr. McDonald said that no negotiations with prospective buyers would take place until negotiations with The News ended.
'We Are All One' Referring to criticism of his position, Mr. Gorbachev said: "Today you have a President.
Mr. Ford replaces Kenneth C. Merrill, 61, who is retiring after 34 years with the company.
"We built the observation levels so you could go to the windows," said James D. Mansour, vice president for design at The Limited.
His promise of toughness was intended to defy a stereotype -- of a liberal who, as a Manhattan borough president, was more concerned with producing social programs for his constituents than more police officers.
While the Pope has frequently condemned abortion, sterilization and contraception, he seemed to shift emphasis today to underline permissible notions of family planning.
The first part will be shown at 8 tonight on Channel 13 and at 9 tonight on Channels 21 and 49; the second part will be shown on May 23 at 8 P.M. on Channel 13 and at 9 P.M. on Channels 21 and 49.
Emrick was recently named by CBS to be anchorman for the hockey telecasts at the Winter Olympics next year in Albertville, France, with analyst John Davidson.
Dallas increased its record to 6-3, the club's best start since the 1986.
When stereo, or "hifi" as it was then called, was a specialized interest, thousands of independent stores served a mostly hobbyist market.
Officials here say United Nations relief activities are often inefficient and overlapping because the individual agencies concerned have their own particular objectives and are financed by voluntary contributions.
Though a shopkeeper might attempt levity about the crisis in an encounter with a foreigner, the mood in the city was uniformly grim.
The clash over the artist's sculptures raises several questions, among them: What is art?
Today conductors accept from a big-shot singer that they want it this way or that."
If you want a complete medical history of many of the great composers from Bach and Handel to Gershwin, "Was Mozart Poisoned?"
It has something to do with being independent.
At the same time, negotiations toward a new Government, while difficult, are moving ahead.
A wool jersey jump suit or a stretch-velvet body suit would be all she needs under the glitter accent.
If he had begun with Q-x-x of diamonds he would have been able to exit safely with a diamond.
In response, the students went on strike, an action that ended in the fatal shooting by the police of two students taking part in a campus rally last month.
The nation's attention span is short enough that we've all but forgotten the budget meltdown and throw-the-bums-out rhetoric of a few months ago or the questions about whether the nation can do anything right.
Each costs $70,000 to $80,000 and "something in your blood" to build, said Julie Anderson of Kill Devil Hills, N.C., who with her husband, Dennis, owns Grave Digger.
Today, tripods are truly valuable, but most photographers would not carry a camera if it meant transporting a tripod, too.
William Cunningham, a priest in Detroit's inner city.
The next week you made my humble window display the subject of an editorial, "The Togs of War" (Feb. 13).
Mr. Barbagallo said that cutting so many trees would be "devastating" to Mashipacong Island.
Look for them in health-food stores or Indian markets.
A middle-aged man sits forward, covering his face with his hands.
David L. Lewis, the lawyer for Carolyn Warmus, a 27-year-old Westchester teacher who is accused of killing Mrs. Solomon in the Solomons' Greenburgh apartment, asked Mr. Solomon, "Why did you think you needed immunity?
Chris Bosio (6-7) allowed three hits in eight innings.
For Edberg, this entire joint is a chamber of horrors.
The count is now 28 times at bat without a hit.
"You tend to be very conscious of someone who's beaten your butt."
He did not propose to halt nuclear testing.
Northern cities would be spared considerable expense in heating costs, snow removal and road maintenance.
Local St. Julian wine is $8.50 a bottle.
Police officials say it is often impossible for drivers to avoid them.
The joint venture follows a familiar pattern at Corning, which has moved into areas like optical fibers and television glass through deals with conglomerates from Germany to Japan.
And even in announcing that he would not join it, he delivered a vibrant stump speech promoting Democratic alternatives to the Bush Administration's domestic policy.
A certain amount of fuel gets past pistons in an engine and winds up contaminating the oil.
They told the operator it was all right to give them his number; they were acting students.
Good French food in a friendly atmosphere.
Soloists include Edith Mathis and Josef Protschka and the conductors, Gerd Albrecht and Herbert Blomstedt.
As the officials spoke in the Peace Palace, several thousand people demonstrated outside in support of Croatia and the ethnic Albanian enclave of Kosovo in Serbia.
Common Stock * Shopko Stores, Green Bay, Wis., made an initial public offering of $16.5 million shares yesterday at $15 a share on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SKO.
Closing arguments in the murder trial are set for tomorrow morning at State Supreme Court in the Bronx.
It is expected to be completed next summer.
In the French resort of Arene Cros, 20 miles east of Marseilles, where the small bay filled with sea grass is an important feeding and breeding ground for fish, residents have blocked construction of a new marina for 1,200 boats, plus hotels and apartments.
"But the energy that I expended running after an infant was a deterrent to my career goals.
The game represented the comeback of A's veteran Carney Lansford, who played for the first time since he suffered a severe injury to his left knee in a snowmobile accident last December.
Mr. Rau said he was looking forward to the freedom of leaving the chief executive's seat.
Mr. Clay's appearances on "Saturday Night Live" and the Arsenio Hall show prompted boycotts by female entertainers scheduled to appear.
Service: Observant and well informed.
Admission to the Enid Haupt Conservatory is $3 for adults, $1.50 for children and the elderly.
To the Editor: In "Demystifying the Japanese Mystique" (Forum, May 26), Charles Wolf Jr. seeks to apply Occam's razor to existing scholarship upon the subject of Japanese competitiveness, but I think the article itself can be "simplified."
The National Forest gets 80 cents.
Their language is on a very low level.
But Lincoln had the victory, despite the layoff.
Referred to School District The parents investigated and learned that therapy cost $90 an hour and was not covered by their insurance.
And if you get it right in the beginning it's much simpler.'
Her father is the executive vice president of McGlinn Capital Management, an investment company, and her mother, Joan Schmaltz, is a principal of JDS Associates, an interior design consulting concern, both in Wyomissing.
Basketball National Basketball Association SEATTLE SUPERSONICS -- Placed Bart Kofoed, guard, on the injured list.
In 1963 he acquired the Freeman Company of Beloit Wis., a leading manufacturer of men's footwear.
That may result in a strengthened conservative majority.
"I knew I was sucked in when I saw my name on the front page of The Home News," she said.
But he just wanted to go."
Mr. Kriss insisted that Mr. Nicolosi still really lives in Manhasset, despite having an apartment in Queens
Clothes unable to provoke the palest memory facing those with rich histories and associations.
"What initially looked like a watershed in the Mideast may turn out to be one very long, loud hiccup," said a veteran diplomat in Tunisia, which opposed the presence of American forces in the region.
President Slobodan Milosevic of Serbia and President Franjo Tudjman of Croatia agreed that his Croatian forces would cease blockading 40 garrisons of the federal army in the Croatian republic.
But in a speech at a National Party conference Thursday night, President F. W. de Klerk said the National Party would not let the African National Congress or any other party take over the country.
Yemen's Government has denied Arabian Shield's claim, and Ray Hunt, in a rare display of anger, describes the suit as "a bunch of garbage."
It remains unclear whether Executive Life's customers face losses.
"I can assure them that this isn't the end of it," he added.
International 2-5 A major pact in the Afghan civil war was reached in Moscow as the United States and Soviet Union agreed to stop all arms sales to combatants to help pave the way for free elections and a settlement of the war.
"I was thinking of leaving to go to Germany to work.
At 17, she filled in for an actress and liked it so well she changed direction, appearing in 28 plays in Australia.
There was a steady crossing of box turtles in Kentucky, and herds of Holsteins dotted the Midwest.
"I don't want to strike out, or hit into a double play like I have lately," he said.
His previous positions included assistant director of the Federation of Social Agencies in Pittsburgh, executive director of the Health Council of Greater New York and acting director of the Welfare and Health Council of New York City.
's ratings on preference and preferred shares and revised its ratings outlook to "negative" from "stable" for the bonds and preference shares of Ford.
One impetus is that because of Federal budget concerns, taxpayer subsidies are unlikely.
Other late dollar rates in Europe, compared with late Thursday, included: 1.6755 German marks, down from 1.6820; 1.4590 Swiss francs, down from 1.4640; 5.7055 French francs, down from 5.7300; 1.8890 Dutch guilders, down from 1.8960; 1,253.00 Italian lire, down from 1,255.85, and 1.1338 Canadian dollars, down from 1.1348.
The canal has, in fact, been experiencing a renaissance of recreational use: in 1989, 159,000 boats passed through the locks, double the number of a decade before and more than at any time since the turn of the century, said John R. Jermano, waterways director for the New York State Department of Transportation.
In the previous 24 hours, a long-awaited deal with the New York Yankees had transformed Taylor from a 19-year-old would-be junior college pitcher to the highest paid player in the history of baseball's amateur draft.
Bell, an MRI technical consultant in Solana Beach, Calif.
Wealth of Stories The Mets, on a night with a wealth of story lines, were encouraged by Sid Fernandez's return.
The United Nations Secretary General, Javier Perez de Cuellar, will present his proposals for the new military observer force to the Security Council on Saturday for its approval.
Imelda Marcos is being sued by a company that alleges she acquired real estate with money that can be traced to a cache of stolen treasures that includes jewels, art and a massive golden Buddha.
was faced with uncertain conditions affecting markets and economies worldwide.
Today's Columns Corporations are expected to issue a considerable amount of new debt this week, analysts and investment bankers said, because they are afraid that interest rates will soar if the U.S. goes to war with Iraq later this month.
The system, called the Paragon XP-S, will cost from $2 million for a model that can process 5 billion calculations a second, or gigaflops, to a model for $55 million that runs at 300 gigaflops, Intel said.
He finds an exceptionally tight link between income and spending in recent years, the two falling since the third quarter of 1989 at "virtually identical" rates of five-tenths of 1 percent and seven-tenths of 1 percent, respectively.
However, pregnancies are absolutely forbidden.
We are really just starting in earnest.
They suspect we wouldn't know a strong-side safety blitz from an entrechat, and they are right.
"It's too bad we can't get out in front of problems for a change," Mr. Nunn said in an interview today, warning against the spread of Soviet weapons around the world.
Eunice Groark voting yes just after 3 A.M. to break an 18-18 tie.
Ahmed Salah of Djibouti was second in 2:15:26.
But that's not it, either.
Another boon has been family, namely his wife, Karen, and his 4-year-old son, Dennis Jr. "Everybody needs somebody and it was definitely the right way for me to go when I got married," Boyd said.
she exclaimed about the Bingo buddy whose voice she hadn't recognized.
Wine appellations, better known as the names of viticultural regions, define the area in which wines may be made.
The house, like all Historic Hudson Valley properties, is decorated with replicas of early Dutch- and English-style swags, trees, toys, foods and wreaths.
The Metropolitan Opera baritone Arthur Thompson and two young sopranos, Arlene Adler and Joan Eubank, will sing, with Thomas Schilling at the piano.
In two of the last three days, they played a better brand of baseball and one of their old employees noticed the change.
Mr. Sullivan said that two other lesser but significant factors also weighed on the bond market.
Another style ($100) has a black-and-white floral pattern inspired by ancient Egyptian borders.
But this hall has been designed with better sound, not bigger box- office receipts, in mind.
Mr. Gescheidle said his group has been working with 20 of the 60 high schools in Chicago to build interest in careers in food service.
But there are steps you can take that can greatly reduce the chances that you or a member of your household, including your pets, will be among the victims.
2) "Uncle Jim's Question Bee," with Bill Slater as master of ceremonies, Dan Seymour as announcer and Spry shortening as sponsor.
At first, it seemed he would not make it.
I'm hoping the parameters won't be limiting."
Finally, he read from a dictionary: "immediately or soon."
"I'm concerned for his family."
Nonetheless, nearly all of the first 44 houses are occupied by people from nearby neighborhoods.
According to diplomats and United Nations officials, Mr. Reed could be a candidate for the top post of Unicef, the agency that promotes humanitarian and other programs for children around the world, or he could return to one of his former jobs, either as Under Secretary General or as a representative in the American mission.
"The pressure to appoint a black is going to be pretty heavy," a senior official said, "given the civil rights fight and also because people honestly believe that in this case we have one -- Thomas -- who is a good candidate in his own right."
Loud, a native and lifelong resident of Manhattan, was active in civic affairs for several decades.
"They're proliferating more than we would like," said a Western military specialist.
Boston rookie Mo Vaughn hit his third homer in eight games with the Red Sox.
as the cornerstone of an empire of 17 nuclear power plants the utility planned to build across the South at a cost of tens of billions of dollars.
These questions are being raised afresh in the British press as the scope of the financial disaster left behind by the British entrepreneur becomes clear.
It's not like we have a deal every week.
They really stepped back and gave us the ball."
"The Giants knew I wanted to play, and I did on special teams.
A White House official said today, "The concepts in the governors' draft policy statement are not wholly beyond reason and, in some ways, represent an attractive approach."
The Wall Street Journal last Friday ran an unsourced item on its front page: "Israel supporters quietly campaign against him [ Sununu ] , spreading their complaints about his ties to Arab-American groups."
The crash that killed five passengers on a New York subway train this week raised a question asked repeatedly after transit disasters: Why does the Federal Government, which contributes hundreds of millions of dollars a year to local subway systems, do almost nothing to insure that they are operated safely?
Eric Prat Jeanne Billard .
The rise of a tycoon, from Nazi Berlin to London and New York, and his relationships with five women.
However, it does call for talks over "phased reductions in armaments, including the elimination of weapons of mass destruction and surprise attack capabilities."
With investors ignoring both Soviet peace initiatives and President Bush's cool reaction to them, the Dow Jones industrial average, after jumping 57.42 points on Friday, edged down 2.47, to 2,932.18.
Icahn May Alter His Bid Reuters reported last night that Carl C. Icahn, chairman of T.W.A., said he might alter his bid over the weekend to counter Delta's new proposal.
The evening's high points include those scenes in which the two pathetic Casanovas survey each other's lives, and especially a ballroom finale in which Mr. Seitz's decrepit and rouged elder Casanova has an ironic final waltz with a transvestite whose proud self-realization makes a mockery of the dying rake's old masculine order.
Only three teams in National Basketball Association history have recovered from 2-0 deficits to win a five-game series.
Recidivist war correspondents have difficulty explaining the thrill of anticipation of combat to healthier minds.
Eighteen states are now above that level and the Administration says that some states have abused this provision of the Medicaid law by designating too may hospitals as eligible for these extra payments.
The company noted that year-ago sales were positively affected by distributors who increased their purchases in anticipation of the federal excise tax increase that took effect Jan. 1, 1991.
Clarence Thomas discussed the opinion, the editorial said, but he did not debate it because 99 percent of the nation's lawyers know the opinion is so bad it is beyond debate.
Since the start of operations like these with the commissioning of the Farallon in 1986, the Coast Guard has deployed 10 cutters from bases in Miami, Key West and Puerto Rico.
The only white singer in Vernon and Ruby Shakely and the Shakettes tries to settle down to a dull life as the wife of a Jewish lawyer.
Mr. Nelson runs a London-based ecological study center that is financed by Edward P. Bass of the multibillion-dollar Texas oil family, who is also the major sponsor of the Arizona project.
BEDFORD -- Presbyterian Church on the green; 234-3672.
Another is how puny a distance 20th century man has crept if he still must solve disputes through brute force.
The main dining room, which is two steps below street level, is a bucolic lair with a wooden bar up front, terra-cotta floor, whitewashed brick walls and colorful fabric-draped banquettes.
Accepted a Ride She said Mr. Calandrillo began a sexually oriented conversation at the practice, pointing to a Sports Illustrated photograph of a woman in a bathing suit and asking if she "looked like this."
Some opponents of the revision have asserted that it could hurt homosexuals, whose sexual activities are illegal under state law.
One lobbyist implicated in the operation has also pleaded guilty and has agreed to cooperate with the police.
Sasser was 0 for 3 at bat on Monday, dropping his season average to .250.
The certificates have an 8.5 percent coupon and are priced at 99 9/32 to yield 8.612 percent, or about 95 basis points more than a combination of three- year and five-year Treasury notes.
Iraq filed a formal complaint about the Israeli flights at the United Nations today.
Keysville, she noted, has retained a strong sense of family and community involvement.
Soviet Turmoil 4-7 The K.G.B.
"I had to update my file on Roger -- everything he throws now can be a strike."
"As the economy improves, their appeal will not be as great."
The Jets managed to get the ball back with 53 seconds to play, more time than they had when they tied Miami and forced overtime with 44 seconds to play last week and then went on to victory.
Admission, free, with museum admission of $6 for adults and $3 for children.
After its commercial theatrical release, from which the foundation will share in any profits, the film is to be shown next winter on WNYC-TV.
"If you play hard defense, it results in fast breaks for you," said Reggie Theus, who had 20 points and 6 assists.
Indeed, some predict that once Western-style wholesale distribution systems are established, the exchanges will lose much of their role.
And I knew him the best way there is to know an actor: through his work.
The one thing I knew I didn't want to do was get out of that sleeping bag."
The current Cadillac retail sales leader, which does not include sales to corporate fleets, is Don Massey Cadillac in Plymouth, Mich., which sells about 135 cars a month.
No Pressure From Advertisers "We knew by running the numbers that we had to get 75,000 subscribers to break even," said Ms. Bower, who helped start Ms. in 1972.
Legends don't take long to build in jazz.
RANDY MOLLER received a game misconduct at 8:04 of the second period for a high stick against high-scoring GARY ROBERTS .
Centralized System County officials generally have two choices in adopting E-911.
But the commission disagreed, fearing that a broader rule would be too vague and would jeopardize shows like "Sesame Street," which has spawned thousands of toys.
"We're being told we've been killed again, but we'll be around for awhile," said Juan Gonzalez, a News columnist, whose defiant stance was echoed by many others at The News.
In the meantime, a softened rental market is enabling dealers to get better spaces in better locations or to open for the first time.
The episode offers jurisdictions everywhere an illustration of the potential for savings from better court management.
The sole suspect in the case is Christopher J. Hightower, a Barrington Sunday school teacher, soccer coach and the Brendels' former investment broker.
Not that the Giants necessarily would be 11-3 or 10-4 if Simms had opened the season at quarterback.
His competitors suggested that he sell Hialeah to the state, but he refused.
Father Aristide is taking over from Ertha Pascal-Trouillot, who has served as interim President for nearly a year, As the leader of the hemisphere's poorest country, he inherits a catalogue of problems that may resist solution even with heavy international aid.
Outside of Kashmir, in the newspapers that give India one of the most exuberant presses in the developing world, the war is little discussed, except for the body counts that are regularly chronicled.
The situation has produced a classic standoff between the styles of the Cambridge classroom and those of the Washington office.
On my trip, the only riders to use English tack were those in Cinch's jumping class.
Sydney McHugh, a spokeswoman for Procter & Gamble, whose products include Tide detergent, Crest toothpaste as well as Citrus Hill orange juice, said, "We can't discuss the nature of the business secrets."
Earnings from continuing operations almost tripled last year, to $45.6 million, from $15.6 million in 1989.
The game in Marseille last week was halted in the 87th minute because of a floodlight failure, with Marseille leading, 1-0.
researchers propose that the men had somehow cleared the virus from their body because they were incompletely infected.
But I was learning that a real Andy Warhol lurks behind that carefully crafted public image.
Yonkers voters also will be filling another new office by electing a Council president, whose tasks will be similar to those performed by the current Mayor.
In modeling, Degas found not only an inventiveness but also a speed and physicality that tested and balanced the unflinching acuity of his eye.
AUCTION companies collect 10 percent of total sales as a commission, instead of the 6 or 7 percent that conventional brokers earn.
"Cheney and Powell not only saw the handwriting on the wall, but were enthusiastic about it," an official said, noting that a bold gesture like the one Mr. Bush wanted could ward off pressure for further cuts in spending.
Peaks in blood sugar increase the body's need for insulin and dips in blood sugar can trigger feelings of hunger.
On Oct. 12 at Shale Hill Farm in SAUGERTIES, N.Y., a festival will run from noon to 5 P.M.
"There is both a tremendous sense of accomplishment and failure," Mr. Rosser said.
Gun Groups Denounce Ban The telephone poll was conducted with 800 New Jerseyans between June 18 and June 24.
Admissions and boat trip: $23.
Silja Line (see Bergen Line).
The requirement of a high school diploma for janitors, for example, would hurt blacks more than whites.
This gives his art a greater breadth than that of Ms. Hayes and Mr. Mitchell, but in the end it is also more familiar.
Woman Two: You're using aluminum.
He also said he knew of no influence exerted by the oil minister on behalf of the project or contact made with him about it by the business people involved.
But Athens acknowledged that only a very small number of Albanians showed any willingness to return.
The 4O-year-old former entrepreneur was appointed nine months ago by President Lech Walesa to head a Government of experts.
Members of Congress are drafting dozens of other proposals to assist the veterans.
Mr. Croom said that while the pipeline portion of the company faced losses, "in terms of preserving the viability of all our facilities, it was critical we not do anything to hamper the operation of other companies."
It was almost obscene how much they enjoyed themselves, mating on the deep green leaves, burrowing into the blossoms.
Or how "the streets" -- meaning the Arab world -- were "resonating" with "resentment" against the coalition for "humiliating" Saddam Hussein?
Journeys!, 1536 Northwest 23d Avenue, Portland, Ore. 97219, (800) 344-8890, represents a company called Tre Laghi, run by Americans living in the Italian Alps.
For "Use Your Illusion II," the piano moves into the foreground (played by Mr. Rose or by the group's new keyboardist, Dizzy Reed) and the songs grow more reflective, with glimmers of Derek and the Dominoes and Lynyrd Skynyrd.
'The Greyhound of Cats' Sprouts, a 16-month-old cornish rex making his Garden debut this week, appeared confident of a victory.
Spencer Drate, a graphic designer, collects them.
The Birhore, who speak a dialect of an unwritten language they call Shantar, began to be resettled on farm landabout a decade ago, usually in a clan or village group.
Mr. Llorens has hung a new sign, Le Paradis, outside a familiar locale (the former Il Villano), a free-standing building in a spot that has swallowed several restaurants through the years, although it is handy, on a side street just steps from Main Street.
And if we conduct our business well, we will earn the support we need."
CALIFORNIA (AL) -- Agreed to terms with Mark Eichhorn and Jeff Robinson, pitchers, on one-year contracts.
"Livin' Large," a comedy from the black director Michael Schultz to be released this summer, concerns the misadventures of a young Atlanta black man who accidentally becomes a television newsman.
In Westhampton Beach, 19 homes on Dune Road were destroyed and 17 more were irreparably damaged.
But Representative Charles B. Rangel, Democrat of Manhattan, who is chairman of a House committee on narcotics abuse, dismissed the figures.
The players still remembered that when we came out to the Coast.
The nominees were: "The Sound of Music, 25th Anniversary Edition" (Fox), "The Last Picture Show" (RCA/Columbia), "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" (Fox), "Peter Pan" (Disney), "Harvey" (MCA/Universal).
The debate exemplifies the wrenching issues that may increasingly bedevil American medicine in an era of fast-changing, enormously expensive treatments and rising concern about costs.
The Senator said that he was "totally unaware" of Mr. Hammoud's B.C.C.I.
Policy of Newspaper Mr. Williams denied he had knowingly sexually harassed anyone.
That imagery was perpetuated, he said, by last year's re-election campaign of Senator Jesse Helms, Republican of North Carolina, whose commercials played on white concerns that affirmative action programs were depriving white people of jobs.
Later today, another Marine helicopter, this one a UH-1, crashed in Saudi Arabia, killing all four crew members, according to an American military spokesman in Riyadh.
WPP's stock promptly bounced back yesterday after dropping sharply on Friday.
Each week he receives four or five inquiries about the operation.
Al-Tae Dawod fled his native Iraq as a teen-ager, but considered himself an American before he ever arrived in this country, became a citizen or developed a taste for steak and mashed potatoes.
To help visitors understand the African art in its context, a video of tribal ceremonies runs next to explanatory text.
In particular, they speak openly for the P.L.O.
The museum's collection is cobbled together through loans and a few acquisitions.
In Moscow, in his middle 20's, he was made welcome by two great directors, Konstantin Stanislavsky and Vsevolod Meyerhold.
Bradley Brookshire conducted ably from the harpsichord and organ, though the widely dispersed chorus escaped his grasp at times.
On Jan. 27, a splendid 1860's copper and zinc weathervane of a horse and rider changed hands for $770,000 at Sotheby's in New York, a record for a weathervane.
Presented by Circle Repertory Company, Tanya Berezin, artistic director; Terrence Dwyer, managing director.
Grounds open daily dawn to dusk.
For one week each year, Nuremberg is host to the world's largest toy exposition.
Rosy veal roast stuffed with figs, roast leg of lamb with garlic and rosemary, nicely browned poussins, oven-dried tomatoes layered with fresh mozzarella and drizzled with olive oil, and nubbly wheatberry salad are ready to go, in the range of $9 to $14 a pound.
Jordan was right, proving he knows a little about boxing.
"The End" is usually just that, and if you'd like to spend a few more moments reliving the delicious ones you've just spent with some minor character, your eyes and schedule are out of luck, forced to retrace their whole triple-deckered trek.
These uses often conflict with those of another industry.
A. I could have gone that direction, but I decided to go up to the top through the C.I.A.
Manny Lee popped up a bunt into foul territory that was a few feet out of catcher Matt Nokes's reach.
The formal advisory gave no details.
Plus, all the guys we have, they're good from both sides of the plate."
"I have a five-and-a-half-room co-op with a fireplace and terrace in a 1929 Tudor-style building," he said.
"We'll use the pullback as a buying opportunity," he said, "but we won't buy on the first plunge."
Defense Secretary Cheney and Mr. Rice handled the development of the F-22 beautifully.
(213-857-6000) "DRAWING NOW: NEW SPACES" The Modern's first full-scale examination of contemporary drawing in 15 years, 200 drawings and drawing installation works by more than 40 American and European artists.
In making its earnings projection last week, Security Pacific said it was adding $200 million in commercial real estate loans to its pool of troubled loans.
As the game unfolds today against a backdrop of uncertainty, there will be a number of unusual aspects.
Limestone is the primary building material on a facade adorned by tall black granite columns and small gilded windows in the manner of Fifth Avenue's Scribner's store.
But Mr. Bush is anxious not to appear to be meddling in Kuwait's internal affairs and has therefore confined his advice so far to gentle prodding in private correspondence, the officials said.
RENE AROCHA, the Cuban pitcher who defected to the United States on July 10, agreed to a minor league contract with the St. Louis Cardinals yesterday.
Interviewed in his Park Avenue apartment in Manhattan, the composer offered a long-range perspective on the world of music.
In the past, Mr. Simon has often come across as a meticulous, painstaking craftsman.
But he said that despite severe job losses and layoffs, its effects were not as harsh as those in the recession of 1981-82.
The same piece of steel at L'Ambiance had a crack in the same place."
Some products might be sold by both companies and some by only one, executives said.
Yet most people with high eye pressure never develop the disease.
Before any criminal charges could be filed against him, "they would have to prove that it was his ammunition that went off," he said.
The banks have asked for a meeting with university officials on Monday.
Mr. Shamir apparently thought the Administration was simply using the loan issue as leverage to get him to say yes to Mr. Baker's peace conference.
"We found that the students felt they were getting all this cool stuff about how to manage, but no practical tools they could apply," said Paula J. Weigensberg, one of the investigators.
Clark Clifford served as a member, then chairman, of the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board in the Kennedy and Johnson Administrations, and in the last year of the latter he was its Secretary of Defense.
Mr. Handler termed "significant" the fact that producers' purchases of capital equipment actually climbed at a $4.1 billion pace instead of falling by $700 million, as first estimated.
Of course, getting a handle on where the money is going and deciding where it ought to go are only the first steps in sound financial management.
Despite the income drop, consumer spending rose 0.4 percent in July after hefty gains of 0.7 percent in June and 0.8 percent in May.
It was there from Fitch and probably from a player or two.
The Dime is trying to coax bargain hunters to foreclosure auctions for properties it is about to take back.
Little Hunt wasn't raised so much as groomed.
There is also a need to recognize that the Arab world suffers from retardation.
and allow their agents to investigate the claims and to talk to Judge Thomas.
Mr. Bredesen said that his plan would protect Metro General from losses if Meharry could not meet the standards, and that this was fairer to Meharry because a commitment allowed recruitment of doctors to begin in earnest and objective standards would be known at the outset.
Slappy White, an early partner, accompanied other friends and relatives to the hospital.
Similarly, when the Army's First Cavalry Division went to Saudi Arabia, its manpower was expanded by attaching to it a brigade from the active-duty Second Armored Division, instead of sending the 155th Infantry Brigade, a Mississippi National Guard unit.
"They figured if the internal auditors weren't satisfied, the external auditors probably wouldn't be -- and neither would the C.E.O.," Mr. Sullivan said.
"This Government is the product of a peaceful revolution," Mr. Izmery said, explaining the supposed American opposition to the newly elected leadership.
If weary of discord we gaze heavenward through the same eye that looks at us, vision makes light of contradiction: Granite is grass in the holy meadow of the soul's repose.
Sadly, I have been well educated in the need to protect myself, my career and even my family in conjunction with caring for my patients.
She graduated from Pine Manor College.
Wide Margin Predicted Senate staff members said that a close vote was possible in the committee, 8 of whose 14 members are Democrats, but that he would be approved and probably be confirmed by a wide margin in the Senate itself.
stoned the building, the police said.
But the new line for the Islanders responded for the next three goals.
"At a certain point in your life you do certain things.
(The clear plastic wrap around each piece of fish may help retain freshness, but it isn't very esthetically pleasing.)
In the public mind, the accident at Three Mile Island in 1979, followed seven years later by the catastrophe at Chernobyl, seemed to seal the technology's fate as a long-term source of electricity.
Art of Picking Partners The top women on the circuit continue to treat the task of allying with doubles partners like a game of musical chairs.
But in a meeting here on Saturday, the council, the church's 40-member governing body, agreed with the Presiding Bishop, the Most Rev.
"He can make a bagel better."
The PGA Tour record for 36 holes is 125 by Blaine McCallister in the 1988 Hardee's Golf Classic.
She is a very strong person."
A word about those sauces: There are four "heat alarms": mild, medium, madness (hot) and mean (very hot).
Mom," is left to fend for himself and the kids, often with the help of a male in-law.
January platinum tumbled $6.90, to $361.80 an ounce, at the New York Mercantile Exchange.
(AP) Fromberg, Clavet Are Upset: Fourth-seeded Richard Fromberg and fifth-seeded Francisco Clavet were upset in straight sets in the first round of the Association of Tennis Professional tournament in Bologna, Italy.
Witnesses have said that many inmates were sent there without trial, and that an unknown number died from overwork, exposure, disease and famine.
He could have made his contract by saving diamonds and establishing a winner in that suit, but he did not expect that suit to break evenly.
But as Mr. Levy suggested, bond market investors will need to see tangible evidence of improvement before the Fed's credibility as an inflation-fighter is fully restored.
Angora has only 16 students, from kindergarten through eighth grade, in two classrooms, with each grade having no more than two or three students.
The agreement, which requires the approval of the Federal Bankruptcy Court, would allow a JMB unit to obtain $28 million in claims in the retailers' reorganization plan.
"You can't say there were fewer Lyme disease cases in Connecticut last year than there were the year before," he said.
But last year some people in Gloucester, Mass., found it worth a smile -- and second helpings.
Diana, too, is strange, but she is the patient.
"This is the book that Gay was born to write."
STEPHAN COTTON San Francisco, Sept. 20, 1991
His statement caught some officials by surprise.
Recently, he met with representatives of the Art Commission to start one of his pet projects, the restoration of the long-neglected Council chamber.
Mr. Panico said, for example, that Red Cross workers who have experience in dealing with earthquakes are tied up aiding refugees on the Turkish and Iranian borders.
A Higher Success Rate The analysis of employees' productivity, made by ICF, measured how quickly agents worked, their success rate in making reservations, absentee and job-turnover rates, said Michael C. Barth, senior vice president of ICF and director of the Commonwealth Fund's study.
Don Majkowski has the lowest rating (57.4) among starting quarterbacks in the National Football League.
The NCNB and C&S/Sovran arrangement comes after nearly four weeks of well-publicized merger talks and was approved over the weekend during meetings between the two boards in Atlanta and Charlotte, the headquarters of NCNB and the new headquarters for Nationsbank.
Hey, he got strike one.
The Kenai Fjords, off the coast of the Gulf of Alaska, are home to northern sea lions, sea otters, harbor seals, killer and humpback whales.
Among Palestinian leaders and those in Lebanon, Syria, Jordan and Egypt, I have found uniform support for a peace conference, and willingness under its auspices for direct talks with Israel.
At the high end is a marble-topped side table from 1725, veneered with tortoiseshell panels inlaid with brass in the Boulle style and embellished with gilded bronzes.
Although other tests such as culture and polymerase chain reaction are used to detect evidence of the human immunodeficiency virus, which causes AIDS, they are technically difficult to perform and the results are not always reliable, Dr. Quinn said.
Mr. Scher said he had hoped to book Natalie Cole into the Paramount, too, but had been outbid by Radio City, which has also lined up Aretha Franklin, Diana Ross, the Moiseyev Dance Company, Ann-Margret and the Rockettes, Johnny Mathis and Dionne Warwick, and a return engagement by Liza Minnelli, whose two-and-a-half-week run last spring grossed over $3.8 million, setting an all-time record for Radio City.
It wasn't a rosy forecast."
"These are very, very small increases," said Sandra Shaber, an economist with the Futures Group, a Washington consulting firm.
The prosecutors deny having any knowledge that Teheran ordered the killing.
The wonder is that nothing is static in this author's work; everything develops and keeps changing shape.
With some of the football players also on the basketball teams, Long Beach asked that the games be played at secret neutral sites.
The usual retirement age "bears no rational relationship to the age at which dancers are compelled to retire and need income -- almost always prior to age 40," the lawsuit contends.
GALLERY TALKS AND LECTURES, Whitney Museum of American Art, 945 Madison Avenue, at 75th Street.
But while the poems of Castellanos can be heartbreaking, this dance was visually astonishing without also being emotionally evocative.
Next came a nage of Dover sole with sea scallops, lobster, potatoes and fava beans in a compelling sauce of white wine and mussel brine flavored with saffron.
Some pieces are on loan from the Heller Gallery in Manhattan, specialists in art glass, and the Alan Brown Gallery in Hartsdale, N.Y.
Mr. Johnson's office also said that the girl's mother, Marilyn Carter, frequently handcuffed the girl to a rail in the apartment bathroom, and on a recent occasion choked the girl "leaving her gasping for air."
"In many cases, the woman is the only witness, and you take the risk of knowing that the judge or jury may not believe her story," she said.
And they might not have had as good a feel for the values in the areas where they were loaning money."
"I'm not good at politics," he says, shaking his head regretfully.
Later, in London, it was quoted at 138.40 yen.
With a domestic box-office take of more than $280 million, "Home Alone" ranks as the biggest money-making comedy ever.
A few days later, a woman who answered refused to identify herself but said Mr. Roe was not there.
I bow down to the mothers and fathers of Dmitri, Volodya and Ilya, and I express to them my deep condolences, and to all their relatives and loved ones.
Mr. Abrams, a Democrat and one of the leading vote-getters in the state, clearly has the potential to make next year's race the most closely fought Senate contest in New York in a decade.
Pentagon officials said there was as yet no evidence that Iraqi planes that have flown to Iran have returned to Iraq.
F-117's, using precision-guided bombs, accounted for 2.5 percent of American aircraft but struck more than 40 percent of the strategic targets in Iraq.
"There is the pre-race dance that is different from fleet racing."
The earnings of workers with only high school diplomas dropped 9 percent during the 1980's and the earnings of dropouts fell 12 percent.
Next to many of those sharing his three-hour wait to see an employment counselor at the Pennsylvania Job Center, Mr. Phillips, 32, who is single and ready to move elsewhere in search of a new job, is philosophical about his fate.
On the New York Stock Exchange yesterday, Omnicom's shares closed unchanged at $32.75.
Aside from the drop in orders, Mr. Jones and other economists said a 1.1 percent decline in backlogs of new orders, the fourth consecutive drop, was significant.
"Over all, exposure was proper and the pictures showed no technical flaws."
I don't go for it.
She is very made up, like a whore.
He is no longer the single executive master of the Soviet Union, but he never really was, as is attested to by the need for the latest desperate plan itself.
Eastern airlines Is Out of Business, folks.
Also in the running for best opener are the steamers in a wine-garlic broth good enough to drink, top-of-the-line gravlax paired with a creamy dill-pepper sauce and crisp, chewy focaccia crowned with grilled vegetables and nubbins of goat cheese.
As a result, colleges will be selecting next fall's freshmen from a smaller pool of graduating high school seniors and from an even smaller number who can afford the costs.
There is also concern that the trade in fake art may undermine public taste and the tradition of artworks as unique objects.
Having previously mastered the farcical art of Joe Orton, Mr. Tillinger proves to be equally secure with the understated intrigue of Mr. Pinter.
Silver futures soared to an eight-month high, with the June contract at $4.414 an ounce on the Comex.
"These drummers are the apogee in their field," Mr. Hart said just before he boarded a plane from Los Angeles to Washington.
This year may be different.
On the New York Stock Exchange, GlenFed's shares dropped 87.5 cents each, to $4.625.
Country music, Nancy Reagan's wardrobe, national political conventions, the Iran-contra affair, the Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders, football as the established religion in Texas, the differences between Southerners and other Americans and also the differences between Texans and other Southerners -- on all these matters and many others, she has wise and often hilarious things to say.
Utah climbed to sixth in job creation last year, and sees rosier prospects on the horizon.
The Paul Winter Consort, Dimitri Pokrovsky Singers, a Russian ensemble; Noirin Ni Riain, singer.
And K-III Holdings, a company controlled by Kohlberg, Kravis, agreed to buy nine publications from Rupert Murdoch's debt-laden News Corporation for $650 million.
He said his knowledge of physics -- a field he descibes as one of breaking down complex movements into simple ones -- helps him break down the elements of good writing.
But economists linked the latest increase to special factors tied to the start of the third quarter and said the figures did not change their outlook for a gradual improvement in the labor market and economy.
The Administration turned to Uri Lubrani, the coordinator of Israeli activities in Lebanon and an Ambassador to Iran during the time of the Shah.
He turns off the lights.
For now Mr. Deng's health remains largely a mystery.
He was apparently walking from a party to his off-campus apartment when he was attacked, the police said.
Among vital targets for the allied bombers today, with skies clear over Kuwait and over Iraq as far north as Baghdad, were the positions of the Republican Guards in northern Kuwait and southern Iraq.
Addicts often borrow used needles, which may be contaminated with the AIDS virus.
As a result, said Yossi Olmert, head of the Government Press Office, "the Palestinians, they are going to be the losers."
He was dying of Lou Gehrig's disease and she promised she wouldn't let him suffer.
He sold the company to Warner Communications Inc. in 1976 for $28 million.
Illegal guns, fast becoming New York's top public safety problem, provide a perfect target for Police Commissioner Lee Brown's new emphasis on problem-oriented policing.
With their hints of building blocks, tools, homes and stars, the forms are loaded with symbolic meaning.
5 7 THE BAD PLACE, by Dean R. Koontz.
On Thursday, a day after the demonstration, Apple laid off 900 people.
A threat of sanctions may be more effective than their actual imposition.
The city was just beginning to expand drug treatment and had expected to triple the number of places in recovery programs in the coming year.
While there are no absolute rules to follow, the therapists, both social workers, recently suggested some practical ways for parents to help children "decode a confusing world," as Mr. Robinson explained it.
Roosevelt Field Eightplex Exit M2W off the Meadowbrook Parkway, Garden City, (516) 741-4007.
One of the things that attracted the Hickeys, who bought a 1921 center-hall colonial, was the diversity of housing.
And if it is, the solution will only deepen, not lift, the sadness.
The quickest thing the city could do to deal with the budget crisis would be to abolish rent control.
After hitting bottom at 1.4475 marks on Feb. 11, the dollar surged on the war news, stirrings of economic life in the United States and hopes for falling interest rates abroad.
In the last 18 months, Chrysler has lost several key executives because of retirement and because some, disillusioned over the auto maker's long-term prospects, took other opportunities.
She did not know where they would spend the evening, she said, but a shelter was out of the question.
"I really liked it," he said.
Few tried to stretch "pool rules" and most "took handouts and standard briefings" from the military, he asserted.
This reunion ends with the gang watching the very last show with tears in their eyes.
The sharp intelligence, the emotional reserve and the ironic humor, often signaled by no more than a twinkle in the deep-set eyes, are the hallmarks of the patrician.
In later games, Czechoslovakia defeated the Soviet Union, 5-2, and Finland tied Canada, 2-2.
Stanford officials denied that there was any link.
The 50-part television series, called "Aspirations," has caused a sensation in China.
Staggers argued that the waiting period would not be a deterrent to crime.
Mr. Caras, 63 years old, who joined ABC News 17 years ago as its wildlife correspondent, is returning to his former career in conservation and animal preservation.
The dollar ended slightly lower in European trading after the Federal Reserve in Washington cut the discount rate, the loan fee to commercial banks, by a half percentage point, to 5 percent, an 18-year low.
Uncertainty Over Medicaid So for all the trauma of last year's mid-year budget cuts, when all sorts of local-aid programs were reduced and state workers were forced to defer a week's worth of pay until retirement, the fight over this year's budget gap could be even more vehement, lawmakers in both parties say.
"I have never ever believed that the British have acted on behalf of the Hong Kong people," an analyst at a brokerage house said.
He marches next door and cold-bloodedly kills the man who killed his daughter.
By comparison, Dan Rather seemed to have thrown together his costume from remnants of a sidewalk rummage sale in the East Village.
The original "Star Trek," Mr. Roddenberry told an interviewer a few years ago, was technically primitive, but it aimed high for adventure and in the way it portrayed people and their relationships.
Now the former East German athletes live in the same competitive world of managers and agents, appearance fees and endorsement contracts that their capitalist rivals have known for years.
Mr. Speziale, who in real life designs and installs temperature control systems in commercial buildings, has won so many prizes for his showmanship in the last 13 years that he was inducted into the Mummers Hall of Fame last year.
USX, which was split starting yesterday into two companies, declined more than a point.
He retired in 1960 as dean emeritus.
Current practice makes the majority suffer to protect the minority who might run into trouble, Dr. Antczak said.
A loss would have been quite embarrassing for the Redmen.
* McDonnell Douglas Corp., St. Louis, said Ronald L. Kerber, vice president-technology and strategic business development, had resigned to direct technology operations for Whirlpool Corp. * Northern Telecom Ltd., Toronto, has named Guy D. Gill vice president, investor relations.
Frank McGuire, the old coach, used to tie up the best schoolyard players (telling them the seat belts were for their own protection) and ride herd on them until the subway reached Chapel Hill.
None of Major Irwin's children seriously considered the military for a career, he added.
The next opponent for Yale (12-3-2) will be Virginia (17-1-1), a 2-1 winner in sudden-death overtime over Hartford this afternoon.
And every opera must contain secrets."
For reservations, call the SUNY box office at 251-6200.
Until recently, only a few combi-players have been available in the past, and they tended to be costly, with prices starting at $700.
Marlin Fitzwater, the White House spokesman, said Mr. Bush's national security adviser, Brent Scowcroft, did not know of the statement until he was asked about it by a reporter early Tuesday night.
Ba2 and thus pushing the knight back to an inferior square.
The Lightning is negotiating to play in a building planned for the lot adjacent to the Tampa football stadium.
Hubie wins, Dave loses then Hubie loses.
'REALLY ROSIE' The poems and drawings of Maurice Sendak's "Really Rosie," set to music by Carole King, will be performed by the Hartford Children's Theater on Thursday through Saturday at 8 P.M., and Saturday and Sunday at 2 P.M. in the Roberts Theater, Kingswood Road, West Hartford.
In the first -- consisting of 15-minute rebuttals by Mr. Shamir, Mr. Sharaa, Foreign Minister Fares Bouez of Lebanon, Foreign Minister Abu Jaber of Jordan and a Palestinian representative, Haidar Abdel-Shafi -- each began by saying that it had come to Madrid to talk peace and did not want to engage in polemical arguments with the other side.
1 seller is still the map of New York City and its five boroughs.
While the company took a $14 million charge in the third quarter to cover problems with a new missile it is developing, earnings in its military businesses have remained relatively strong.
He is also daring enough to carve out the back of a long wool coat and fill the opening with see-through lace.
Daily 11 A.M. to 4:30 P.M., closed holidays.
But how about the tips?
The two-year-old residential curbside program has suffered from lagging participation in many neighborhoods and high collection costs.
"But that was the money I lived on."
No one charged with rape, arson or murder is eligible.
All along Hauptstrasse, the main street, stand small workshops where woodworkers and carvers ply their trade.
Human knowledge is breaking out all over, this image seems to say.
Proof That the Sun Does Not Set Over the British Ballet Empire -- The Royal Ballet, in the doldrums when last seen here in 1983, staged a comeback with a young crop of dancers led by Darcey Bussell, a marvel of big, bold expressiveness.
Though her free-skating program was delicate and lovely, it was no match for the fearless Harding, who combined enough artisty with her power to satisfy the judges.
Polka dots, pinstripes, florals and corduroy may be juxtaposed on a single 35-by-40-inch quilt.
The country's first publicity agency was the Publicity Bureau, established in Boston in 1900 by three former newspapermen, George V. S. Michaelis, Thomas Marvin and Herbert Small "to do a general press agent business."
He said he had intended to sleep for more than three hours but that pain in his leg had awakened him.
Debbie Gibson's career so far says some thing about the difficulties of succeeding and surviving in the pop-music world.
July 21-27 MURDER ON THE L.I.R.R.
Health Care Like Russian Roulette Yet many residents of central Harlem have come to think of their hospital as a filthy place where the staff is notoriously rude, the waiting is excruciatingly long, the patients and their visitors are unruly and medical care is like Russian roulette: Even if you are fortunate enough to be treated by one of its best doctors, you might be done in by the haphazard follow-up of hospital aides or the shortage of medicine and working equipment.
"The magic, as you can see," Mrs. Lopes said, "is not just limited to children."
This information is relayed to computers at Teletrac's control center, which monitors when the signal arrives at the different antennas.
As of last November, the United States has the right to a bit more ship maintenance and repair than before, some short-term rotation by American planes and an increase in American military personnel stationed there to 95, from 20.
From Puerto Rico come Miguel Trelles and Edgar Franchesci, both of whom studied in the United States.
Three years later, Granville Burgess wrote a play on the same subject, titled "Dusky Sally."
For more information or to make a reservation, call 888-9280 or 453-1228.
Now, provided you have the door or window and can install it immediately, open the outside of the wall.
What the stars mean: (None) Poor to Satisfactory * Good ** Very Good *** Excellent **** Extraordinary Ratings reflect the reviewer's reaction primarily to food, with ambiance and service taken into consideration.
Rashid A. Sunyaev, head, department of high energy astrophysics, Space Research Institute of U.S.S.R. Academy of Sciences.
What one doesn't see, of course, is the inside of his head.
Over the last 10 years the formations have increased in number and complexity; the photographic evidence in several books on the subject is absolutely stunning.
Approval of that deal will have to wait until a new Belgian coalition government is formed, a process that could take months.
But it said the effect began to wane in December, the last month of the quarter, and would have less impact in subsequent periods.
The groups concluded that "the Acer case is bizarre," Dr. Schwarz said at a news conference called by the A.M.A.
Mr. Bryan, for example, suggests that interest rate controls be revived to prevent a bank from paying a higher interest rate on deposits than the prevailing rate on Treasury securities.
As the rout evolved, Coffey skated fewer shifts and took fewer shots.
5 4 HARVEST, by Belva Plain.
Interest on the floating-rate notes, which are usually issed on a monthly basis, will be adjusted the day after each weekly Treasury bill auction.
Are we doing something wrong?"
Cover, reduce heat and simmer 3 to 5 minutes, just until broccoli is tender-crisp.
Rack of lamb au jus was buttery and delicious with little potato fritters and julienne of zucchini and carrots.
For one thing, Federal regulators would supervise the lending practices.
Quickly, he learned enough to convince his partners that Cravath should take the case.
The bomb that destroyed Nagasaki on Aug. 9, 1945, was designed at the laboratory, and in the decades since, Los Alamos has been a center of nuclear research and weapons design.
The catalogued photos remained in the archives of the historical society, which is in a 19th-century tenant farmer's cottage on Washington Avenue, until last year, when trustees of the 1,200-member organization decided to embark upon the current project.
"Every time the little guy comes in, he makes something happen," said Clark, his admiring teammate.
Cunningham was injured after he remained in the pocket after tossing a short pass and was tackled by the Packers' Bryce Paup.
On her head are patches of fur -- fetishlike touches that identify her as the Wild Woman of the Kwakiutl.
Self-consciousness and anxiety never had it so good.
Lee and Lois W. first became ill last Christmas.
Productions of Berg's "Wozzeck" and Reimann's "Lear" were acclaimed but filled only 50 percent of the house.
Pipes argues that it would be sinful for a historian to try to do so.
That left the offense up to quarterback Rick Mirer who was not quite up to such a formidable task.
J. Edgar Hoover The Man and the Secrets.
The First Lady is always eager to find ways to spend more time with her husband.
Our mother provided the author with a lengthy, detailed, tape-recorded description of family life during Anne's early years -- a normal, healthy, happy, loving environment.
Why do insurance companies subsidize human growth hormone shots while they desperately seek to avoid paying for "experimental" drugs that might ease the pain of thousands of Americans with AIDS?
No one has cornered him yet, and no one probably ever will.
Rates on policies are actuarily determined, he noted, as is the reduction in the pension to provide the survivor annuity.
"There really isn't anybody out there that's national."
A nationwide slump in the sale of boats has turned the tide on prices, a softening effect that is likely to be seen at the upcoming New York National Boat Show.
A walking tour with stops at the neighborhood's oldest general stores, led by Peter Kwong, a historian; sponsored by the Lower East Side Tenement Museum, 97 Orchard Street.
The agency already handles Evans's restaurant and food divisions.
Ron Darling, who appears destined for the bullpen or another team altogether, said he was fully aware that tonight's outing against the Montreal Expos might be his last start as a member of the Mets.
"People were dying in your arms, one after the other."
And it's very damaging to have us lurch from crisis to crisis."
Complicating matters further, lawyers for Councilwoman Susan Alter of Brooklyn, who was moved out of her current district and put into one represented by Noach Dear, said that if the commission did not redraw her lines as well she would press her challenge to the plan in Federal court based on language in the Justice Department decision that she viewed as favorable to her case.
He was at the White House on Sunday promoting a fund raiser to benefit families of troops who died in the Persian Gulf war, when the fire began.
And now, a word from our sponsor.
IN the 30's Heckscher lost the building through foreclosure -- for which he blamed, in part, unfair leasing methods at Rockefeller Center -- and in 1942 the weathervane was removed, apparently as scrap for the war effort.
Without that gain, profits for the year would have fallen 5 percent.
"There are so many variables.
A crisis in one market is heard almost instantly around the world as investors and companies react to industry rumors, political scandals and price fluctuations.
The corporate and tax-exempt bond markets were closed, as were the stock and commodity exchanges.
Waived Lester Brinkley, defensive end.
By halftime, they were already trailing by 29 points (65-36).
Melissa K. Bock, vice president of the Pan Hellenic Association and a senior in education from Midlothian, Va., said the policy changes may also help reduce incidents of drunken driving, date rape and alcohol poisoning, which have been growing concerns of Purdue students and faculty.
Mephisto 1 Nf3 d5 2 e3 Nf6 3 c4 e6 4 Be2 Nc6 5 d4 Bb4 6 Bd2 O-O 7 Bb4 Nb4 8 a3 Nc6 9 O-O Na5 10 c5 b6 11 b4 Nc6 12 Nc3 bc 13 bc Qe7 14 Rb1 Bd7 15 Bb5 Rfb8 16 Qa4 Nd8 17 Bd7 Nd7 18 Qa5 Rc8 19 Nb5 a6 20 Nc3 Qf6 21 Rb3 Qg6 22 Rfb1 f6 23 R1b2 h6 24 Kh1 Qd3 25 Ne2 Qd1 26 Nfg1 Nc6 27 Qa4 Ndb8 28 Nf4 Kf7 29 Nd3 Rh8 30 Rb1 Qd2 31 Nf3 Qa5 32 Nde5 fe 33 Ne5 Kf6 34 Qa5 Na5 35 Rb8 Rhb8 36 Rb8 Rb8 37 Nd7 Ke7 38 Nb8 Nc4 39 Na6 Kd8 40 a4 Nb2 41 Kg1 Na4 42 Kf1 Kd7 43 f3 Nc3 44 Nb8 Kc8 45 Nc6 Kd7 46 Ne5 Ke7 47 Ke1 g5 48 Kd2 Nb5 49 Kc2 Kf6 50 Kb3 Na7 51 Kb4 h5 52 Ka5 Nc8 53 g4 hg 54 fg Ne7 55 Ka6 Ng8 56 Kb7 Ke7 57 Kc7 Nf6 58 c6 Ne8 59 Kc8 Kd6 60 Kb7 Resigns cam stl 1 Nf3 d5
Plagued by physical ailments this year, Burks batted .251 and drove in 56 runs, the nadir of his five-year Red Sox career.
The Mets, in a statement issued through a spokesman, were no less enthusiastic about the prospects for a deal with the star right-hander with the 95-mile-an-hour fastball and the career record of 119-46.
Her father is a managing partner of the Clipper Group, a merchant banking management concern, in New York.
Goldman, Sachs & Co. Tampa, Fla., $130 million in revenue (utilities tax and special revenue refunding) bonds.
While support is received from a Federal McKinney grant and Medicaid reimbursement, programs are developed and sustained by a foundation, the Children's Health Fund.
Mr. McFarlane was President Reagan's chief national security aide and Mr. North's boss from 1981 to December 1985, when arms were secretly being shipped to both Iran and Nicaraguan rebels.
He is survived by two daughters, Vicki Cobb, a children's book author, of Mamaroneck, N.Y., and Eleanor Zabb of New Rochelle, N.Y.; two brothers, Gilbert and Oscar, both of New Jersey; four grandchildren, and one great-granddaughter.
For the $5 million in motor vehicle fuel tax serial bonds, the yields for shorter maturities range from 4.5 percent in 1992 to 6.8 percent in 2008.
The delay will probably mean that one of the seven shuttle missions scheduled for this year will be dropped, Mr. Crippen said.
"They took their time getting in there," said a Marine officer.
John Ruskin had to come in through courtesy of darkness.
Bowman is believed to be staying at the O'Neil house inside the guarded development.
Yet the apparent multiplicity of perspectives in "Mendelssohn" is dominated by a powerful authorial presence, as Weil inhabits the characters in turn, pulling their puppet strings and then rushing on to the next figure in the gallery.
The insurance fund, at $8.4 billion, stands at its lowest ratio to deposits since it was created during the Depression.
But it might be dangerous to place Washington on injured reserve before Howard proves he is sound.
He chose the opposite of President Kennedy's course in the Cuban missile crisis.
Between 1980 and 1990, 660,000 jobs, an increase of 17 percent, were created in the 18 counties of northern New Jersey, the mid-Hudson Valley and Long Island that sweep around New York City.
Wearing a long red gown, Ms. Clements struck chic poses.
He was referring to "Voice of Peace," Iraq's version of the Axis Sally or Tokyo Rose propaganda broadcasts during World War II, and he couldn't know how right he was.
The German approach was suggested Monday in remarks by Chancellor Helmut Kohl and by Volker Ruhe, chairman of Mr. Kohl's Christian Democratic Union.
Susan Sloan is convinced that undiscovered treasures are sitting in antiques shops all over New England.
"Like an old club member at the bar, New York restaurants keep repeating themselves," said Mr. Batterberry, who is currently updating "On the Town in New York."
Barry had anointed his oldest son, Worth, as heir apparent, but after a promising start, the young man was killed in a freak accident.
The company has reported losses for years, but reported a profit of $4.6 million for 1990.
They said he had always made them laugh and never missed an opportunity to sing along with the music of his favorite rock groups, like Led Zeppelin and Journey.
The circle will close later this summer, with Mr. Zyw (pronounced ZHIV) back in Warsaw, for only the second time since he fled.
Lower Level Officials The United States and its allies do not want to limit their ability to sell aircraft, tanks and other conventional weapons to their clients in the Middle East, while allies, especially Israel, continue to seek major arms purchases.
But where the objects grind together is not near the top, where the mouths of two figures would be, but farther down, below their waists.
Expenses like those are considered frills, but many educators say counseling prospective dropouts is also an unaffordable extra at a time when the board has to consider making bruising cuts in classroom instruction.
A company official said yesterday that Novell had received a number of reports from customers that the virus had invaded their systems, although there had been no reports of damage.
"There are areas that hardly have any trees left," said Sylfida Joseph, a thriving 33-year-old trader, pointing to her 200-sack stockpile of charcoal.
A memorial service has been scheduled on the Westhampton base this Saturday.
The White House is close to naming Adm. Jonathan T. Howe, the commander of NATO forces in southern Europe, to succeed Robert M. Gates as deputy national security adviser, Pentagon officials said today.
WHITE once wrote in The New Yorker of a woman he knew who moved into a small apartment with no kitchen shelves.
"It's not going to be easy for any of these clubs to find a whole lot of black people who are willing to put up the kind of money needed," he said.
The plan is modeled on the program under way in Poland, where the World Bank and International Monetary Fund play their traditional oversight role.
And Mr. McNamara, who says that his wife's death may have been hastened by the national trauma of Vietnam -- "she was with me on occasions when people said I had blood on my hands" -- and who is asked by Mr. Bernstein about the people who really know him, the real McNamara, the inner man.
The owners went out and hired Richard Ravitch to be head of the Player Relations Committee, their labor arm, and they gave him a $750,000 salary.
"This is serious to me.
A: Well, I don't imagine there's been any change in that.
It is not something that I intend to do simply because they told Moody's."
Bonds gave some strong support to stocks, as the Commerce Department yesterday reported retail sales up seven-tenths of 1 percent for September, about three-tenths of 1 percent better than expected, and the the Labor Department reported that September's producer prices were up by one-tenth of 1 percent, compared with a forecast of two-tenths of 1 percent.
Saddam Hussein: he belongs to us all.
It was tactical and heartfelt.
His publicity agent, Larry Goldman, read a brief statement proclaiming his client's innocence, but he also refused to answer any questions about Mr. Reubens's career prospects.
They point out that they have published pamphlets in five languages explaining fire-safety laws, and have sent letters to every single owner.
They send him documents on the cases via a fax machine in a local store.
He also originated the negative double and the unusual no-trump.
In fact, he had never served in the Israeli Army, or the American one for that matter, having been declared 4-F for hypertension.
Or of mavens who counsel the converse.
Other busy and expensive restaurants, both old and new, include Le Cirque, Bouley and Coco Pazzo.
"We were playing for that route," Carroll said.
But the testimony came from men and women who had experienced the very corruption they described.
"I missed quite a few shots," he said.
Consequently, he said, the bond market lacks enough traders and speculators to buy bonds and push long rates back down to the 7.5 percent level that prevailed for much of 1986 and 1987.
The first involves the filming of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" starring Melchior and Daisy Duck, the American actress who will become his second wife.
The title is plucked from his musings on skin tone: "I'm not white, I'm pale blue.
Raft of the Medusa By Joe Pintauro; directed by Sal Trapani; scenery by Phillip Baldwin; costumes by Laura Crow; lighting by Dennis Parichy and Mal Sturchio; sound by Chuck London; production stage manager, Marjorie Horne.
Mr. Balian told another visitor he thought the children might raise $50, which would help, of course, but would be less important than raising their awareness of the homeless.
At School Partnerships International, a program of the National Association of Secondary School Principals in Reston, Va., student travel planned to France, Spain and Italy has been put off until after March 1 at the earliest.
Kern melodies like "All the Things You Are," "Bill," "The Folks Who Live on the Hill," and "Long Ago and Far Away" demand beautiful voices.
Trying to impose furloughs unilaterally would be risky.
In fact, data compression in general can be tricky.
Where and with whom will they live?
There were still, of course, things to admire in Friday's performances: the cadenzas by Robert Levin seemed etched in glass; the orchestra was completely focused on the soloist because he was also the leader; there were even telling moments of virtuosic figuration and crystalline harmonics.
A10 Boris Yeltsin and striking miners held a daylong round of meetings, raising expectations that the two-month-old Soviet coal strikes may soon end.
The 11 Air Force bases that are home to the fleet of nuclear bombers are Barksdale in Louisiana, Griffiss in New York, Wurtsmith in Michigan, Carswell in Texas, Fairchild in Washington, K. I. Sawyer in Michigan, Minot in North Dakota, Dyess in Texas, Ellsworth in South Dakota, Grand Forks in North Dakota and McConnell in Kansas.
apparently have deemed too sensitive to investigate.
"Every fundamentalist organization passes at one time or another through a stage of terrorism," he said.
They live and worship in yurts, the customary dome-shaped dwellings of Mongolian nomads.
She is the assistant design director for women's accessories at the Ralph Lauren Corporation in New York.
"People have learned a lot about the blood-brain barrier and how these tight junctions can be manipulated, but I don't think that anybody understands how they get there in the first place," said Cynthia Robbins-Roth, publisher of Bioventure View, a biotechnology newsletter.
They'll corner me and tell me that if I live on the street, I have to be in their gang."
By Clark Clifford with Richard Holbrooke.
"I've never had anything this good at this point in a season," said Johnson, who is 30 years old.
As Mr. Miranda paused for a moment, James Butler, president of Local 420, the union that represents 15,000 hospital employees, rose to say: "You've got guts.
Carol Iannone's thin scholarly record caused an outcry in academic circles, and the Senate committee rejected her nomination.
Mr. Frank said the company had also received inquiries about the system from computer companies, banks, military contractors and others who feared invasions of privacy.
The $1.7 billion is what the law sets as the insurance companies' share of a $3.3 billion deficit in the state's fund for insuring high-risk drivers.
The Social Democrats, who advocate liberal policies toward foreigners, plunged from 51 percent of the vote in 1987 to 39 percent.
Later, at lunch at the Hotel du Cap in Antibes, sitting on a sun-drenched terrace, looking at the Mediterranean, Mr. Kurosawa expressed satisfaction with the film's reception here.
To the Editor: It is easy for powerful, male editors and broadcasters to rationalize that rape should be treated like any other crime and pretend they are expressing a progressive point of view, as you did in publishing the name and biographical details of the Palm Peach, Fla., woman who accused William Kennedy Smith of rape (news article, April 17).
Things are going about as we expected them to go.
He said the embassy had been guided during the three-day coup by Mr. Gorbachev's policies and a directive Monday from Foreign Minister Aleksandr A. Bessmertnykh.
It has a reputation as a master of effective gimmicks like baking bread and boiling cinammon sticks in model houses to give them a homey atmosphere, or placing a fountain near the model house to mask the noise of traffic on a nearby highway.
Credit should be made available on a sensible basis so that values can be maintained and increase again over time, thereby safeguarding the banks' existing loans, which will be at risk if values decline.
Committee members and their staff said they did not believe the C.I.A.
"I was shocked," she said.
Last week, Mr. Bush wrote a conciliatory letter to Jewish leaders saying that his remarks were not intended to be pejorative.
So the way Boeing designs, engineers and assembles an aircraft has implications for American manufacturers in all sorts of industries that compete with imported products.
In general, a bright and showy surface or alluring scent catches insects' attention from a distance."
Mr. McKinney is believed to be the first black executive to head such a media or advertising organization.
They know the name and age of every kid on the block.
"Don't they have compassion for us?
"Solving this problem means changing our ways and spending money to control emissions -- a lot of money," said Dr. Gary Glass, a chemist at the E.P.A.
"He was saying he had nothing more to live for, that his family was against him."
It does not appear that the current crisis will be as devastating as the 1984-1985 famine, which took an estimated 300,000 Ethiopian lives.
"But if I go there I can't stand here.
Pan Am, which was once T.W.A.
The particles also disrupt the ionosphere, a layer of charged particles.
But Mr. Grant said that he accidentally hit the volume button, which then became stuck, and that this angered the officer.
The special performances Leonard Bernstein gave in 1989 of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony (whose text, of course, includes the words "all men shall be brothers") to celebrate the tearing down of the Berlin Wall mirrored this conceit.
I think they're hoping we're politically naive."
Not everyone interviewed yesterday agreed.
But Billington now has four victories in four starts, while Terreri is without a victory in his last four (0-3-1) and has only one triumph in his last six (1-4-1).
Subscriptions may be ordered by writing to P.O.
"I have been talking about it, writing about it, helping people to understand it," he said.
And I cried, I cried."
American Airlines and Air France have donated about $2,000 worth.
For many years he sang with the New York City Opera and the San Diego Opera, as well as many other regional opera companies.
"He was getting on top of everything," Connor said.
The publishing and broadcasting concern has seen its stock fall since recently announcing lower earnings.
May 16 -- The Founders' Award dinner and dance of the New York Botanical Garden will honor Edmund T. Pratt Jr., the chairman and chief executive of Pfizer Inc., for his concern with environmental problems.
He was 58 years old and lived in Manhattan and Manchester, Vt.
Boeing and agency officials stressed that they still did not know what caused the crash in Thailand and that they had not concluded that their concerns about thrust reversers were valid.
The forecast for the fiscal year that ends this June is for a smaller operating loss of $11.9 million on revenue of $19 million.
The options with the most appeal are more straightforward.
Mr. Giampiccolo, in challenging Mr.
As new weapons have been designed and built, tens of thousands have been retired.
For all his nastiness, it is hard to dislike Isaac, even as one is grateful that he is not one's own father or cocktail-party acquaintance.
They had got hold of a gun and told him, "They are Jewish and we are going to shoot them."
It was his job to "supervise," said Mrs. Kawuda, ridiculing a suggestion that he might pitch in.
"He's very willing," Mr. Sutton observed as the dog's training concluded.
She occupied herself instead by noisily digging through her purse for eyedrops, which she applied, but only after removing her glasses and dropping them on the floor.
Michael Spinks moved up and won the heavyweight title.
Even late in his life, when he was told in a memorandum that "Jean-Paul Sartre promised to take an active part in the French 'Who Killed Kennedy Committee,' Mr. Hoover scribbled a five-word response: 'Find out who Sartre is.'
Here are some of them: TITAN FOODS 25-50 31st Street, Astoria, N.Y., 11102; (718) 626-7771 (takes mail orders).
New North Secrets "Under Fire" is being kept under such incredible wraps that HarperCollins refuses to acknowledge that it is on the verge of shipping the book, Oliver L. North's account of the Iran-contra scandal, written in collaboration with William Novak.
Similar as they are in range and signal quality, the various systems are not alike.
From another, they prolong dying.
People are making mistakes on both sides.
But a new state of emergency is imposed nationwide in June 1986.
The three previous quarters have seen small net profits.
If you must use an extension cord, make certain is the heavy-duty type intended for high-wattage appliances.
After his visit to the Middle East, Mr. Baker is expected to travel as scheduled next week to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, to attend a meeting of Southeast Asian nations.
"Backing a superior management team to acquire those sorts of pieces I think is a brilliant way of approaching the business."
The legislation extending unemployment benefits has offered Congressional Democrats similar opportunities and in recent days they have been lining up to denounce Mr. Bush's opposition to their bill.
From totem poles in pocket parks to provocative banners hung by city-sponsored political artists, Seattle at times seems to be a city with a stage on every corner.
And finally there's Paige herself, who justifies her desperate efforts to make a life with her husband by saying: "We need each other.
Among films that he puts in this category are "The Gypsy Moths" and "The Iceman Cometh," both about 20 years old.
At this point in time, my experience with Long Island restaurants finds wine lists falling short in the Long Island wine area.
Buddy Roemer, who vetoed similar legislation last year.
Gold was slightly higher in New York after falling overseas.
"Kiki works on his shooting, and that's why he's such a great shooter," said Ernie Grunfeld, the Knicks' vicepresident of player personnel.
Doesn't he know that more than four-fifths of recent strikes were responses to the insistence by employers on cutbacks in employee health benefits or making employees pay for their own medical insurance?
A group of pilots who had joined the strike and were dissatisfied with the settlement filed suit, alleging that the union had breached its legal duty of "fair representation" of its members by agreeing to the settlement with Continental.
His testimony related to the right of privacy, criminal law, religious freedom and many other issues was forthcoming.
Mice, great seed eaters, are particularly fond of impatiens and clover seed.
"Hard times are coming, no doubt, but we'll get through better this way."
They say Chinese leaders are concerned about Communism's deteriorating in the Soviet Union, for such a collapse could throw into question the legitimacy of Chinese Communism.
Susan Gail Hartman, the daughter of Eileen Kaplan and Sheldon Kaplan, both of New York, was married yesterday to Maurice Leibenstern, a son of Lucy Leibenstern of Miami Beach and Rubin Leibenstern of Brooklyn.
Yet gardeners do plant this curious flower, and hellebores are a challenge to grow.
There's no time to sit around and worry."
Still, he said, the Senator's financial record "leaves a bad taste in everybody's mouth."
Mr. Adelsohn, 26, is a professional civil engineer with Frank H. Lehr Associates, engineering consultants in East Orange, N.J.
Holyfield will fight what is being termed an interim match, probably on Nov. 23 against a top 10 opponent in either Atlanta or at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, Nev. Francesco Damiani, a clever boxer from Italy, is mentioned as a likely opponent , but no deal has been made, and other names -- Carl Williams, Alex Garcia, Larry Holmes and Pierre Coetzer -- have surfaced as potential opponents for Holyfield.
"We've got skillions of machine shops and other small businesses that are vulnerable to downturns in defense and other areas," Fredric Q. Raines, an economics professor at Washington University in St. Louis, said.
The exhibition will run through March 22.
"It was my decision," said Harrelson.
Jordan scored 26 points, not 46 as he has often done in the past, as the Bulls spread the scoring wealth, as well as the defensive and rebounding chores.
The income tax failed again today because of opposition in the Senate from not only Republicans, but also the top Democrats, Mr. Larson of East Hartford and the majority leader, Cornelius P. O'Leary of Windsor Locks.
After returning from Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, in April, General Schwarzkopf, who is 56 years old, is completing his assignment as head of the Pentagon's Central Command, which is based in Tampa, Fla.
Although the two cases are different -- Ms. Woodbury never repressed the memory of her assaults but rather avoided a confrontation with her father -- experts say they suggest a growing respect for the memories of adults troubled by childhood traumas.
Around the swimming pool, townspeople who have paid admission take their ease, and in the clothing and furniture shops they hunt for bargains.
Leaves everywhere began to die.
*Fifty-one percent believe the Government should ban "hate speech," which demeans someone's race, sex, national origin or religion.
Trinity Park Playhouse (817-923-6698): In repertory, June 11-July 7, "The Merry Wives of Windsor"; "Henry IV, Part I"; "Henry IV, Part II."
For most fishermen, the thrill is in the hookup and the aerial entertainment, not in bringing one to boat, and virtually all of the tarpon landed are released immediately.
After missing Blockbuster Video "by a couple of months," he said, he hopes to find something in sports memorabilia or video games.
Mr. and Mrs. Shannon received patent 5,029,344.
Alan Lefkof, Grid's president, said the Gridpad is an "electronic clipboard," while the new NCR machine is of an emerging breed he called a "personal productivity tablet."
A3 Saudi Arabia has been storing oil at an increased rate and signaling its determination to keep worldwide supplies plentiful and prices down, as Soviet production falls.
Mr. Gorbachev has said on several occasions that he might use his constitutional power to introduce presidential rule -- including suspension of civil liberties and use of force -- in regions where political conflict threatens to become violent.
Mr. Erfert said well-known Western brands of food and household products were virtually unknown to many Eastern Europeans.
This is the moment of the Final Four, the culmination of March Madness, which, appropriately this year, concludes on April Fool's Day.
But those perceptions can change, and quickly, as anyone who bought C&S/Sovran last fall can attest.
Her father retired as the president and chief operating officer of Reader's Digest in Pleasantville, N.Y.
Still, he is aware that reaching a level apparently not achieved before by a black media or advertising executive will bring him recognition beyond the world of cable.
No sentencing date was set.
They will repair chimney liners and dampers, repoint and recondition a chimney's brickwork and mortar, install chimney caps and remove dead wildlife from inside a chimney.
Mrs. Hills said then that in a month, Japanese companies would be barred from bidding on many Federal and federally financed construction projects if Commerce Department negotiators were unable to resolve the dispute.
"If there was a honeymoon it was a brief one," Mr. Kaufman said.
(I use mates rather than spouses so as to include the rest of the animal kingdom.)
More recently, videotapes were crucial evidence in a case involving six correction officers and two inmates who were being disciplined by being transferred to other cells in the Shawangunk Correctional Facility in Wallkill.
"Saddam Hussein continues to amaze the world," Mr. Bush said.
Some aging piers were demolished, others fell into the water or have been boarded up for years.
"I'm very happy because he wasn't guilty," Carmela McKesey, 70 years old, said of the prosecution's motion to dismiss the charges after Judge Eugene H. Nickerson narrowed the case against Mr. and Mrs. Flake on Monday.
Mr. Chernin said Fox had made remarkable strides this year toward its long-term goal of a full seven-night prime-time schedule.
Members of the Fund to Preserve Hillside Woods have sold T-shirts, held fund-raising events and are planning a door-to-door campaign to match the State Parks Department grant.
But after calling Mill, who was in London, she had to head to the White House for lunch.
What that means is that if K-III were to sell any of the publications, Seventeen may well be a likely target.
Pasternak was not permitted to travel to Sweden when he won the 1958 Nobel Prize for literature for his novel "Dr. Zhivago" and for his poetry.
Indiana 13, Kentucky 10 BLOOMINGTON, Ind.
Often, the most vocal proponents of conspiracy theories can win admiration even from blacks who disagree.
Part of the reason may be cost.
Deborah Yoho, a high school principal in Columbia, S.C., whose husband Master Sgt.
3 Areas of Application So this leaves hotel and motels as the first part of the travel industry to take big steps to adapt or face lawsuits, either private or by the Justice Department.
Earlier this month the Senate voted to water down Mr. Florio's ban on assault weapons, the toughest such law in the nation.
It blooms in late summer with charming yellow flowers, an unusual color in a genus that runs strongly to blues and purples and reds.
George Schultz writes to resolve anxieties about the 1960's.
They thought a day for a foreign language was good because it meant a day devoid of math, English and bio.
"It's a passing fancy," Ron Kaufman, the White House political director, said in an interview with The Associated Press.
The Federal Government allows failing newspapers to merge their printing, advertising and business-side operations but keep the news and editorial voices separate.
The study found that black students (46 percent), those in big cities (33 percent) and Hispanic students (32 percent) were most likely to report being victims of racial or religious incidents.
"The clerk was filling in all this information and I noticed there was a space for race," Ms. Perczek said in a telephone interview.
"Nobody, not even the town, could maintain that house without a substantial tax increase."
Behind her, a friend held her dog, which barked and had to be restrained from eating a microphone.
For decades, Joe Slovo, an African National Congress stalwart who is also general secretary of the South African Communist Party, was anathema to the Government; it was a crime to quote him or publish his photograph.
Members voted to direct Dr. Edwards to make budget cuts in other programs instead.
Baseball, as well as other sports, is in a quandary.
The union leaders, in turn, have recommended that the rank and file agree to compensation systems that reward mastery of several skills, team approaches to some jobs and other changes that involve rewriting work rules.
The Mayor's plan does not offer that.
The band's combination of country roots and ferocious hardrock reaffirms a Southern identity and tears up the pea patch, too.
But the offer met with quick resistance from senior bank creditors.
"At this point in my career I didn't think I'd be competing with guys like this."
Pavin has now shot in the 60's in 9 of his last 10 rounds.
With a rock-solid technique that remains effortlessly fluent, Miss Morishita was quickly sought out as a partner by superstars like Rudolf Nureyev and Fernando Bujones.
In late December, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, a Government review panel, recommended that the White House approve the deal.
A whole torta ($18) will serve six.
Mr. Kerry, asked to respond, said, "I'm really surprised that the Justice Department is trying to rekindle a battle here and pick a fight about trying to get to the truth.
We kept calling the authorities and they did nothing."
For the last two months, Congress and President Bush have devoted a lot of energy to civil rights legislation.
Some Sherpas and other Nepalis speak English quite fluently; ours spoke well enough to meet our needs.
Atlantic Southeast Airline is a commuter line affiliated with Delta Airlines, which owns 20 percent of the company.
A judge functioning in this "gatekeeper" role, they said, would not be allowed to substitute his or her judgment for an expert's -- something the court has already ruled out -- but would help to insure that the underlying methodology used by the expert in reaching his conclusions is "internally consistent."
But when it comes to food that really repulses people, the culprits are more often animal than vegetable, said Paul Rozin, a professor of psychology at the University of Pennsylvania who is known to his fans as "Mr.
They were told again that they could not come in.
A new agency, the Resolution Trust Corporation, was formed to manage and dispose of the property.
Mozart has become such a mainstay of our culture that one wonders why additional expositions were needed, unless they were to present something provocative and coherent -- new discoveries, new juxtapositions, new insights.
Mr. Mubarak, undoubtedly feeling this mounting criticism, has scheduled an address to the nation in the form of a speech Thursday to a combined session of Parliament and the Shura, or consultative council.
A spokesman at the British Embassy, Michael Price, said that it was a "straightforward brief on the game of baseball, the object of the game and a bit about the teams, the purpose and the rules of the game."
And you don't have to join a special service.
First, two-thirds of the club ownership would have to approve it.
Underwriters gave the telephone facility bonds, which are due in 2022, a 9.19 percent coupon and are offering them to investors at a price of par, to yield 113 basis points more than the 30-year Treasury issue.
Q. I recently moved into a nine-year-old house that has windows with double-pane glass.
Rejected Republican Roots Mrs. Louchheim was born in Manhattan in 1903.
Others in need include nurses and health workers at Riyadh Central Hospital's Maternity and Children's Hospital.
The trip was worth the travail.
Yoel Ravid, the hero of Amos Oz's latest novel, is a man in a state of transition.
It had taken part in a few violent confrontations with less risk of widespread injury and in fugitive arrests in high-risk situations and it had been posted to several sites where there was a potential for violence.
Every few seconds, a close-up of a woman's face flashes on the screen, and she repeatedly recites the campaign's theme: "Sharp thinking about business."
They are all determined to learn English.
Upon opening the chamber door, the figure is in fact gone, and it suddenly reappears in a separate chamber elsewhere.
"These are the kind of losses that kill you," said Wilkins, who shot 2-for-7.
And the political terrain on which he intends to fight was clear: repeatedly, he said it was time to turn American resources toward American problems, in the schools, the streets, the infrastructure.
In the photograph, Balkisa sits up proudly, eyebrows raised, earrings dangling.
Many Refuse to Work Mr. Baumanis said many of the journalists and others among the 700 people working in the building refused to work in protest and prevented publication of most Russian- and Latvian-language newspapers today, including those belonging to the Latvian Communist Party.
Other car makers argue that G.M.
"Guys are trying to figure that out," says Lois, "and they're gulping all the way."
Surviving workers said that fire exits were routinely locked, that there were no alarm and sprinkler systems and that no fire drills had ever been conducted.
They beat out finalists that included Time, The New Yorker and U.S. News & World Report.
Just as the European Coal and Steel Community in the 1950's served as the embryo for the Common Market, the European Bank signals a continent-wide raising of consciousness to build a peaceful political future."
As for the date itself, it will be set at the appropriate time by .
In other words, engine speed means little if the engine has to idle while waiting for the image to be processed.
"There were seven lightly injured in the entire country from all of the strikes," the army said early this morning.
"It takes two to four years to unify a blended family successfully," she said.
The Big O wore 14 when he began his career with the Cincinnati Royals, who subsequently moved to Kansas City, Omaha, and, ultimately, Sacramento, where his number is retired.
Sales rose 2.1 percent, to $:4.89 billion, or $8.5 billion, from $:4.79 billion a year earlier.
"It was not rationally designed.
Senators could retain a maximum of $27,337 in honoraria last year, under the rules of the chamber.
Jeremy Kumin explained how Earth Rite, a new household cleanser, is put in plastic bottles made with as much recycled plastic as possible, with labels made from recycled paper, with dye on the labels made from soybeans -- and the cleanser itself is natural (mostly vinegar and citrus).
Similar Stories, No Data No official agency collects data on whether incidents like those Mr. Holloway and Ms. Malveaux experienced are on the rise.
Many Questions Mr. Bush knows as well as anyone that popularity is ephemeral.
"The answer is that New York's subway system is a special case.
Their attorney, Edward L. Wolf, declined to comment, saying that he was studying the indictment.
More than 30 youths descended on Valley Stream North High School on Tuesday, attacking students in the parking lot and slightly injuring a school official who tried to intervene, the Nassau County police said.
"When things come together like this it's such a happy mix of food and family," says Ms. Simonds.
He has proposed requiring that the homeless help out on public works projects, such as cleaning graffiti.
Box lunches will be available for $8.
When he treated the samples with substances that destroy proteins, on the other hand, they lost their infectivity.
It's a pity the supervisor did not elaborate on just how the meters served the best interests of commuters.
West has a difficult decision when his partner plays the spade three under the king on the first trick.
Its share of the foreign cereal market exceeds 50 percent, compared with less than 40 percent in the United States.
The $100 bonus that school officials offered to parents who completed the 11-week session just added incentive to the venture, they said.
Alabama never drew closer than a dozen points after Arkansas' outburst, and frequently appeared disorganized.
When Michael was asked if Piniella was the No.
Among the 30 wines tested so far by the Cornell scientists, red Bordeaux had by far the highest levels of resveratrol and white Bordeaux had among the lowest.
Next, fasten the framework to the floor and walls.
Encouraged by their success in killing the penalty against the Devils, who are ranked seventh in the league in power-play efficiency, the Nordiques went on the attack and took the lead on Pearson's fourth goal of the season, 7 minutes 12 seconds into the game, after a rebound.
"There was not a rush-hour traffic jam; now there are traffic jams any time of day or night, weekday or weekend.
Only a student of modern literature could have conceived the idea that putting together what he saw as symbols of the Reagan 1980's would constitute an artistic statement about the 1980's.
Zmeskal's overall score was 39.848, which represents the total of her marks on the vault (9.962), uneven bars (9.937), balance beam (9.962) and floor exercise (9.987).
A small hint for people who want a bit of assistance is to read the program with care.
from the Yale Medical School.
"Sheep is just a little bit too common."
"You could tell that the guy wasn't conversant with the computer he was on," the executive said.
While plans have not been completed, the students will probably be housed in International House, adjacent to the Columbia Uninversity campus.
"Any program that helps nondisabled people explore their own negative attitudes is going to help."
"One reason why some people may have been surprised at the soft funds rate was that today was settlement day for the $16 billion of the cash management bills that the Treasury auctioned last week.
"They're talking too long and not saying too much."
Freeway Sale or Layoffs Mr. Berman, a chief adviser to Gov.
Even admirers acknowledge, however, that Mr. Gates, like Admiral Turner, is wary of the sometimes-risky style of the C.I.A.
Synagogue's Restoration Dec. 3 -- A black-tie benefit for the 104-year old Eldridge Street Synagogue on the Lower East Side, which is undergoing restoration both as a house of worship and as a landmark that served as a refuge for a generation of immigrants, will feature Laurie Beckelman, chairwoman of the city's Landmarks Preservation Commission, as keynote speaker.
Moreover, the allegations by Ramsey have coincided with another dispute that might affect Dye in his role as athletic director.
Work in Restaurants When Miss Painter retired as an economist from O.E.C.D., she became, in the best French tradition of restaurateur's wives, la Patronne of Chez Garin, presiding over its cash register.
Thomas Buckner Baritone Merkin Concert Hall Thomas Buckner's evening of American vocal music at Merkin Concert Hall on Thursday centered on Robert Ashley's piece, "The Producer Speaks."
Mr. Gates, who has said he knew little of the secret efforts to aid the contras, and only sketchy details of the diversion of profits to them from secret arms sales to Iran, had to withdraw his name from nomination to head the C.I.A.
"But I hit third or fourth.
That family might have paid only 28 percent on its 1990 capital gains.
This is no small amount of money in dispute, either.
"All 20th- century Northwest Coast art that has been in the possession of a family and has been displayed at historic potlatches is problematic because of possible differences between native law and white law," she said.
To gain the young lady's attention, the prince changes into a hummingbird and fascinates the young woman with its colorful plumage.
The new law allows the troops to get interest on tax refunds based on their time of service in the war.
legal counsel, said he was sorry for the controversy over the taping, but said he was worried that additional N.C.A.A.
They represent the first trickle in what is expected to become a flood of new stations this year.
But Dr. Ernst said he believes that physicians in Canada simply wrote prescriptions for Berotec for patients who did not respond to albuterol because it seemed an easy solution.
Such a settlement, nationalists say, would have to include an institution that would have representatives from Dublin, Ulster and undoubtedly Britain.
As Dokes crumbled to the canvas, where he would remain for a full 12 minutes, a grave voice intoned, "What's amazing is that Dokes got up at all."
Moreover, President Kravchuk, who is anxious to meet all of the American military, political and economic conditions for formal recognition by Washington of Ukraine, clearly wanted to give Mr. Baker everything he wanted to hear in their meeting today.
Something bizarre is taking place at the Federal Communications Commission.
He was 60 years old and lived in Edina, Minn. Mr. Spicola, who had a major role in developing Cargill's oilseed processing business, spent his entire career with the company.
They also took with them the emotional commitment to Cambodia of a generation of foreign service officers who knew Phnom Penh in better days and could never forget this tragic country loved by almost all who visited it.
She shows cracks in the newly formed crust as they release molten, red-hot forces.
The billboard problem is getting worse each day.
"I own copies of many of the same works that I've had for 30 or 40 years, none of which are to be sold," he said.
"This is the worse part," Mr. Sinclair said.
Racial Issues Denied While some of Mr. Duke's supporters see his association with the Klan as a plus and are happy to hear racial overtones in his speeches, others go to considerable lengths to deny that racial issues are a factor.
"Long live President Gonzalo," red graffiti proclaim outside the settlment entrance, using Mr. Guzman's nom de guerre.
Will Cytotec, approved in the U.S. for treatment of ulcers, be the anti-abortion movement's next target?
At the same time, they are likely to be pressed to release a Shiite clergyman, Sheik Abdel-Karim Obeid, who was kidnapped by Israeli commandoes from his home in Lebanon two years ago.
Initially each adult would receive vouchers worth one share of each fund.
* Children with a difference in leg lengths of more than half an inch to three-quarters of an inch should be taken to a physician, although doctors vary over how great the discrepancy must be before a shoe lift is considered.
But Laura Conigliaro, an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc., said the signs were improving but that Digital was not yet out of trouble.
Bob Milacki (5-8) took the loss.
The Chatwoods live in the countryside where noise is more often made by crickets.
Mears led the race after one lap, and after 200, but for just 31 laps altogether.
Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir of Israel received further criticism from Cairo last week after he told his Parliament that he was still against trading land for peace and that the issue of Jerusalem would not be discussed at the conference.
It will mean, as impresario, using technological resources -- notably television -- to insure that when musical performance enters the home, it instructs, entertains and enlightens.
It sexily sold Citizen watches by showing adults preparing for dates, as an Al Jolson sound-alike sang "A Quarter To Nine."
Guardsmen fired a 21-gun salute.
The latest plan is particularly aimed at increasing Hispanic representation.
125 Years of Musical Theater" runs through July 13 at the I.B.M.
Green Bay is busy trying to find some respectability, after following a 10-6 finish in 1989 with a 6-10 record last season.
's far-flung operations after British authorities discovered evidence of a huge fraud.
Stingy Miami allowed only 9.1 points and 288.7 yards.
Underwriters said $125 million of the debt was not backed by a letter of credit, while $50 million was by one issued from Morgan Guaranty.
A $250 million 40-year issue by the Mobil Corporation was offered at 8.72 percent.
"People just feel very uncomfortable about having one of my pieces in their house."
SHE (cutting him off): But you look pretty good now.
The statement today said that the Ukraine, the wealthiest Soviet republic after Russia, guaranteed the safety of nuclear arms on its territory.
Boards need to know that in dealing with the frail elderly who break rules, the traditional remedies -- fines and sanctions -- may be totally inappropriate, said Matthew Perlstein, president of the Connecticut Chapter of C.A.I.
Now France's tough-talking new Prime Minister, Edith Cresson, has promised to redouble the nation's high-tech efforts, especially in electronics.
Should the notion of featherbedding be writ large and tolerated in this Government entity too?
In Malibu, waves of more than 10 feet undercut a home's foundation and sent part of the house crashing into the ocean.
A Defense Department official said yesterday that the test, which involved a ground-based interceptor fired on Monday from the Government's missile-test range in the South Pacific, was "an unqualified success."
The services are used by banks and brokerages to exchange currencies through computer systems.
The term bond, which represents more than 60 percent of the issue, was reoffered at a price to yield 7.08 percent.
's album "Efil4zaggin" ( Ruthless/Priority ) soars to No.
The view espoused in "Jungle Fever" has less to do with facilitating an accurate perception of interracial unions than with shedding light on possible causes for a married man to succumb to an affair during an impending life crisis.
Her father, who is retired, was the president of Haywood-Berk, a custom construction and renovation concern in New York.
A3 KURDISH PACT WITH BAGHDAD Kurdish leaders say Baghdad has agreed to end a partial blockade of their region in return for a pullout of most Kurdish guerrillas from major cities in northern Iraq.
There he will vote to restrict the right of choice by women.
This year, the administration hopes that some voters will come to appreciate benefits from those programs, including property-tax rebates and a promised 20 percent reduction in automobile insurance premiums.
He plays instruments (guitars, keyboards, drums) rather than turntables; he thinks like a band rather than a sonic collagist.
Appearing today on the ABC News program "This Week," Haidar Abdel-Shafi, head of the Palestinians' official delegation, repeated its formal position, saying: "I think the Palestinians are still committed to this peace initiative, which in essence recognizes the right of Israel to exist.
Mr. Bristol's portraits range from 14 by 18 inches to 20 by 24 inches.
She told me, 'I used to go to Paris with my husband and when he went to do business I went shopping.'
"If Europe wants to share the world's leadership, it must equip itself to do so," Mr. Delors said.
Gabriel Chagas, East for Brazil, was no doubt praying that his partner would lead a club, and his prayer was answered when Marcelo Branco tabled the eight of that suit.
Not just unemployment, but concepts like the competitive economy, the variety of options, and the need to make choices are completely new here.
And the 6 3/8 percent two-year notes were offered at 100 3/32, down 2/32, to yield 6.32 percent.
* Comdisco Inc., Rosemont, Ill., filed for up to $400 million in senior debt securities.
The degree is dated December 1989, but carries the signature of David F. Saxon, who retired as president of the university in 1983.
I have devised "Operation Knick Anger," which quite simply is me going way out of my way (and with much pain; "what price glory") to psychologically upset many of the key players so that they will vent their disgust and ultimately their frenzied hostility at the thought of one of their biggest supporters (I'll be in disguise until we go all the way) trying to undermine them.
A conviction for armed robbery in 1979 got him two years in upstate prisons.
Earlier in the day, Greenfield elicited from McNiff, a former agent in charge of the F.B.I.
d4) Bg4 13 Qf4 Bf3, Polgar aggressively offered a gambit with 14 Bf5 Qd8 15 Qf3!?
'Legislative Craftsman' Today Mr. Foley, who advanced two years ago to the Speaker's role that Mr. Bolling once sought, called the Congressman "a legislative craftsman of unsurpassed skill, the wisest of counselors."
Most of the Democrats on the panel voted for the entire package, and the Republicans against it.
8 An experimental school in Chicago has attracted national attention for its success in integrating preschool Hispanic children with mental and physical impairments into classes with students without disabilities.
This is the fall that thinks it must be spring.
As regards the displaced and the homeless, the authorities themselves have not yet been able fully to assess the impact of the recent hostilities.
Pratt & Whitney said that All Nippon Airways had placed a $704 million order for 58 engines to power its new fleet of Boeing 777 super-twin aircraft.
Over the years, several became adroit at inserting themselves between the cameras and the defendants.
Grocery store sales were up four-tenths of 1 percent following a gain of two-tenths of 1 percent in November.
Others are merely photocopies of news reports of Lennon's political activities and reviews of his concert appearances, including an appearance in Ann Arbor, Mich., in December 1971 An F.B.I.
He also said that Judge Thomas had strongly suggested that he would be cautious in overturning Supreme Court precedents and would therefore not add to the momentum of what Mr. Specter called the "revisionist" Court.
If Chris could look out of the window, I know she would think it is such a gas that all of this could be going on in such a tiny little place like Rochester Mills."
Add the red pepper and onion and saute until barely beginning to brown.
rules because it took place off campus.
For a few years, one can share the excitement of the archeologists who first discovered the temples.
The idea behind asset allocation is simple: dividing a portfolio among a variety of investments to reduce risk and increase total return.
Why Fifth Avenue and 52d Street?
Mr. Hammond said that Mr. Azcarraga was not available for comment.
Guns 'n' Roses have nursed a lot of grudges since 1987, and they vent them all in the two-and-a-half hours of music that pack the two new albums.
The hospital, Hennepin County Medical Center, said the primary cause of death was multiple organ failure caused by infection, which was aggravated by earlier brain injury.
The continuing decline of First Executive's junk bonds drew a warning from the company's auditors, Price Waterhouse, which notified the company that there was "substantial doubt" about its ability to continue operating.
A broader strategy involves the promotion of parrots as a valuable tourist attraction.
And the Office of Technology Assessment said two weeks ago that even if cars get smaller they are likely to get safer.
Base salaries are $15,000 to $25,000 for the 10-game season with incentive bonuses based on performance and games won, with a cap of $100,000.
"They came with guns over their shoulders and they just told the people, 'Climb, get on.'
The Minnesota Twins have four days between now and the start of the World Series on Saturday to savor their American League pennant.
"Driving Miss Daisy" was the No.
They are no longer an advocate," she said.
* Chiles Offshore Corp., Houston, a drilling concern, named Robert F. Fulton vice president and chief financial officer.
Mr. McAllister attended Union College and received a mechanical engineering degree from Brown University.
I paint about the things that surround me -- things that I pick up and handle every day.
Such services are expected to spur the sale of phones equipped with display screens.
"Frustration is a parental concept," she said.
He is revered for having defied the Selective Service System during what has been labeled an unpopular war.
He died three days before the opening.
"They're hiding," said John E. Pike, head of space policy for the Federation of American Scientists, a private group based in Washington.
The intruder then pulled a knife and lunged at church members before being slain, they said.
He was 60 years old and lived in London.
Most of the few rental apartments are over stores on Main Street or in two-family homes.
Most of Parcells's players considered him an excellent coach.
The Expos, who had rallied with three runs in the sixth inning, scored twice in the bottom of the seventh after the Braves tied it in the top of the inning.
"I don't know what these students will do," said Lujuana Treadwell, executive director of the National Association for Law Placement, an organization of law firms and law schools that researches legal recruiting.
In New York City, where the National Audubon Society has its headquarters, Graham Cox, a spokesman, called the decision "unfortunate."
The document from the Arts and Sciences department heads painted a grim picture of what further spending reductions would mean at Columbia.
Her parents refused to believe her and were themselves abusive.
There are theories why no trace of D. B. Cooper has ever been found.
But consider the flip side -- being on the sending end.
But the Florio administration and Democratic legislative leaders say the new budget only clarifies the message they have been trying to send the voters since they took office: that they are coming to the aid of middle-class taxpayers who are struggling to get by.
Many people think he's up to the task.
Or "I have to help my mother."
But a team with the kind of firepower they have, you have to find some to match it."
Mr. Fusaro's is the fourth known death -- and the third last week -- since the shooting war among the families erupted in June.
The museum, which was founded in 1979, features original cartoons by artists like Chester Gould, who created "Dick Tracy" and Hal Foster, who originated the "Prince Valiant" strip.
The House Administration Committee has a new scheme to help members target voters.
"I consider this one of the most neglected forms of charity," he said yesterday.
Part of the natural attraction of a four-year program is the inherent synchrony of campus activities.
Some offerings are, indeed, show stoppers.
Such pieces should be promptly repaired to keep moisture from entering the walls and to prevent decay.
Ted Muehling, the jewelry designer, devised the clever lamps that protrude from corners and hang cheerfully from the ceiling.
Right now, few drivers involved in fatal accidents are indicted.
Well, by his own account the former Ranger coach has spent much of his adult life smoking two packs of cigarettes and drinking 25 cups of coffee a day, not to mention eating like a pig.
Mr. Lee, who has been persistently critical of Chinese interference in the territory, gathered the largest number of votes in the election, which saw 54 candidates vying for the 18 seats.
"We are not fighting the people.
They contended that the animal rights organization, the Fund for Animals, suffered no actual harm from a policy under which bison, the American buffalo, are killed to prevent them from spreading disease to Montana cattle.
There have actually been two scandals.
The official institutes are often called upon by the Government to draft legislation and programs for changing the country's legal, economic and political systems.
For tourists in search of panoramic views, a platform atop the Grand Army Plaza Arch is open 28 days a year.
Ramirez arrived with only five merengue tapes; you can buy Madonna in Burlington, but no merengue.
Reinstein is not alone in this observation.
Mr. Schimmer clutched his wife's ticket as if it held the power of life or death.
The article states that the debate with the state began when hundreds of dead fish washed up on the beach.
Interpretations of Mondrian's color blocks, Matisse's cutouts and Monet's flowers have become almost as familiar on clothing as on canvases.
Georgie has a great idea.
In years to come, many analysts expect windmills and solar cells to provide an increasing portion of electric power, but those sources are notoriously intermittent and must be complemented with plants that can start or stop quickly, a capability nuclear plants and most coal plants lack.
But Thomas R. Gibson, the president and chief operating officer of Subaru of America Inc., said there had been no trouble between Levine Huntley and Subaru.
Over time, the fumes destroy brain cells and in some cases cause death.
The company reports as profits its estimate of the current value of the money it will make in future years from servicing the loans.
He was always concerned about his guys after football.
It was acquired by Hearst in 1917 and continued to publish in Britain until 1982, when it began publication in the United States.
A5 Psychiko Journal: Learning about the Greeks in Greece A4 National A12-20 White House Memo: President Bush is riding a wave, and while Republicans are dreaming up campaign commercials for 1992, Democrats are desperately trying to forget their early skepticism about the war.
As Getz plied his way across the river, Milligan telephoned the police and announced, "There is a jazz musician drowning in the Thames."
Susan Dunn, a spokeswoman for the United Way of the Capitol Area, said a campaign just ended raised $26.5 million, $500,000 more than last year, but only because of a $1.4 million emergency supplement initiative organized by the campaign chairman, George David, an executive vice president at United Technologies Corporation.
Juilliard Dance Ensemble Juilliard Theater 155 West 65th Street One could do far worse than attend the vibrantly performed program that the Juilliard Dance Ensemble will present tonight as part of its spring series.
Now she was suing the New York City Housing Authority for damages, and wanted to get the trial over with.
With an all-volunteer system, they contend, offspring of privilege can go to school and work while those from ordinary families fill the military ranks.
Saying the policy would be reviewed by C. Boyden Gray, the White House counsel, the President added, "We'll get our best people to review it in the light of practice and see whether it should be altered in any way."
Some top-paid models evoke legendary film actresses; others simply look like other models.
Plain wild rice is $1.99 for a six-ounce package, $4.73 for a one-pound bag, plus shipping.
The youngest skier in the 1988 Calgary Olympics, at 14 years of age, Johnson is well positioned to compete in five Winter Olympics, one more than Henie and two other women who share the record for the winter games.
"I used to say when I was young, 'One day I'm going to have a big house, and I'm going to have the white people bring me my coffee,' " Grady said, leaning back in her chair.
(Ashod Press, Box 1147, New York, N.Y. 10159; $15.)
She is the assistant marketing manager for Hild Sails, a sail manufacturer in City Island, the Bronx.
"THE PRIZE" (Simon & Schuster, $24.95), Daniel Yergin's detailed study of the politics of oil, has been on The New York Times best-seller list for a month now; and four books about the Middle East also head the current paperback best-seller list.
Overall, the city's crime rate has shown a varied pattern in the past year.
Sherry Haller, the executive director of the Justice Education Center, a state-financed education and research group, said that sentencing reforms are needed to extend punishment and give people convicted of crimes more incentives to remain in alternative programs.
When the New Yorkers arrive in the small, rural community, the mayor turns out to receive them, bands play and there is a ticker-tape parade.
Detroit, Atlanta and Houston use the run-and-shoot, and Buffalo and Cincinnati are masters of the no-huddle.
If their 8-5 record has been tough to achieve, it has, for the Mets, been no easier to interpret.
One recent day, for example, a trainee was an hour late for a picture-taking session.
Price: $29.95; children under 10, $18.95.
To emphasize and center some text, highlight and click.
Dr. Andrew Spielman, discoverer of the deer tick that transmits the organisms that cause both diseases, named the tick Ixodes dammini in Dr. Dammin's honor.
"We do not know what is here or what is ahead."
Reinstall the valve, taking care to replace or renew any fibrous packing material beneath the large nut.
Among them are Frederic Church, Albert Bierstadt, William Bradford, and Asher B. Durand.
A committee will begin evaluating the report this week.
's denials that it knew anything about support provided to terrorists by the former East German secret service through the 1980's.
There are two hairline cracks on the outside that accumulate a sandlike material on the inside.
The Grabinowitz family had not heard of Mr. Scaring before hiring him.
But there cannot be buyers without sellers, and sellers there are, though increasingly distressed ones.
Transportation Flights daily from San Juan, Puerto Rico, and Tortola-Beef Island on Air B.V.I., American Eagle and Sun Aire; from St. Thomas, U.S.V.I., on Air B.V.I.
"This is a very positive move which opens up new areas of opportunity," Robert Stone, president of General Motors of Brazil, said in a telephone interview from his factory outside Sao Paulo.
Very Very Circus is his own surreal pit orchestra; with trombone, two tubas, guitar, bass and drums, it's likely to oompah in all sorts of unlikely directions.
He stayed on active duty in the Navy until 1927.
He is trying to rekindle the appeal that opera once had for a general public.
"Once it's out, it ain't never going back in."
"There seems to be some moisture in the forecasts someplace virtually every day this week," said Gerald Zusel, vice president of E. D.& F. Man International Futures Inc. in Chicago.
Mr. Issawi brings humor, urbanity and wide knowledge to the present perplexities and problematic future of the Middle East.
"If you only drink the best," he said.
The lawsuit, filed in Superior Court here, asks that Motown's distribution agreement with MCA be terminated and seeks millions in damages.
Like so many great movie theaters built in the 1920's and 1930's, the Roxy represented a particularly American kind of decadence, exotic but clean-cut and family oriented.
Completion is planned for late 1992.
The plan, approved unanimously by the Security Council, forbids Iraq to possess nuclear, biological or chemical weapons and requires it to report on scientific and industrial activities with military applications for years to come.
In every other category, you get low marks.
"I'm real happy to be in the position to have the starting job, because that is why I am here.
But as a result of a misunderstanding between the judge and the jury, the jury was dismissed without reaching a verdict on two other felony counts.
He added, "Of course, price is a concern.
For the last 30 weeks, the low-budget show, now in its third season, has finished second only to ABC's "Good Morning America," beating NBC's "Today" and "CBS This Morning."
For the artist, it functions as accomplice, confidant and co-conspirator.
Asked if its sales network was not the heart of Nomura, Yoshikazu Kitsuda, who runs the securities sales and trading operations and is rumored to be a possible successor to Mr. Tabuchi, responded crisply, "Exactly!
Dr. Joseph Schulman, the institute's director, said that at one time infertile couples sought only a physical match, so the baby would look something like them.
"You are the one," R.S.
She said, 'It's O.K., it isn't poisonous.'
Tickets are $8 today and $10 tomorrow and Sunday.
The usually placid hobby is confronting a daunting burst of new philatelic items that appeal mainly to the young just as the graying of collectors becomes more evident.
"I don't agree with the action of my assistant coach," said Omar Antonio, the Nicaraguan manager.
The audience howled and cheered.
The Office of the Chief Medical Examiner in Farmington has not released the identities of the victims, pending notification of next of kin.
Keep cutting annuals until the first frost, saving seeds from nonhybrids like cleome and hollyhocks.
FOR MORE THAN A CENTURY AFTER that episode, the speech and press clauses of the First Amendment lay essentially dormant.
advisory committee is to review the test results early next year.
"I'm angry that they would let someone work in that condition," she said.
Is the husband's infidelity a fact or fantasy?
Afterward, several jurors said the jury had voted to acquit Mr. Stressler of murder and convict him of a lesser weapons charge before the mistrial interrupted the deliberations on other charges.
"I had a show the night before and one the next day and I was hoping to sleep in," Miss Sternhagen recalled.
"I guess Mr. Ziegler will take a look at the medical reports, the counseling he's had, the fitness work he's been doing.
When the skin is nicely browned, turn the hens and cook on the other side.
LOS ANGELES RAMS -- Placed Marcus Dupree, running back, and Robert Bailey, cornerback, on injured reserve.
In the six-week course in Bejing and other parts of eastern China, Mr. Wang learned that in some parts of the country peasants had tripled their incomes by beginning small businesses, and he concluded that the road to wealth laynot in more farming but in running sideline businesses.
Jasper DeMarco, a 46-year-old retired detective, was shot to death on May 12 at his flower shop on Forest Avenue in Mariner's Harbor.
"Through its predatory practices Nintendo has effectively closed the American home entertainment market to American manufacturers," said Mr. Alioto, a former Mayor of San Francisco.
It dates from last spring, when bureau officials told Interior Secretary Manuel Lujan Jr. that the agency's books were in disarray and that as a result, millions of dollars could not be tracked.
Nor is he the unsurpassed painter of silk and satin, gusset and gore.
Other films in the festival are to be announced this week.
It shows people from the East as good-humored, optimistic and happy with themselves.
U.S. markets were closed for Thanksgiving.
The coach of the New York Rangers is concerned that published reports of injuries to his players might prompt opponents to pound on the injured areas.
There's going to be endless opportunities for us to be a good neighbor," Mr. Henning said.
The architect was still working shortly before his death, and his design was chosen for the renovation of Florence's renowned Uffizi Gallery.
Pepsi's plight illustrates the hurdles facing companies seeking the investment premiums awarded growth companies -- it is growing at a mere 9 percent rate during the recession.
"It's more the smaller store, which depends on a variety of middle men."
That very much included Puckett.
The idea of core banks is a workable solution to bank reform, not the best answer but incomparably better than what Congress passed last week and surely better than any other plan that could get by the lobbyists.
"I had this feeling that we would crash and I couldn't face the flight.
"MOTHER GOOSE AND HER STORYBOOK FRIENDS," a new musical about the Little Mermaid, Prince Charming, Old King Cole and other popular storybook characters, produced by the International Performance and Production company, at the Westbeth Theater Center, 151 Banks Street.
Man Loses 10 Adoptees A judge ordered that 10 adopted children be taken from a man who won national acclaim for taking in troubled youngsters.
BEFORE the countdown to 1992 begins, the countdown for that New Year's Eve party or New Year's Day open house has been under way.
The civic groups who were initially expected to support the proposal said that the information gathered could be used by a speaker to control members.
"He's going to make a good 3-year-old.
If she goes that route, she will be adding drama to the growing image of the noble filly, starting with Ruffian in the 1970's and continuing through Genuine Risk and Winning Colors in the 1980's.
Defense Confuses Carlson More shocking, though, was what Cincinnati's defense did to the Oilers' offense.
Her father is a Federal administrative law judge in Newark.
The construction of I-287 in 1966 and I-78 in 1970 made Bedminster accessible to nearby cities and further opened the township to development.
Her mother, Muriel Kelly, who is retired, was a business representative for the New England Telephone Company.
That he has come this far is a disgrace to American journalism.
To finance an intensive effort to cut the number of infant deaths in 10 target areas, Mr. Bush proposed to siphon money away from some community health centers -- specifically the centers' year-old rural outreach program -- as well as from the Maternal and Child Health Services Block Grant.
In all three, the common thing is to use a sweeping motion with one free arm and rake down on the ball, to come from behind and swing up underneath and try and pop it loose or to be the second or third tackler and make the hit at the ball with your helment or try and pry it loose by pulling the ballcarrier's arm away from the ball."
One Environmental Tax Working There is relatively little experience with environmental taxes in this country.
Her first trial ended last spring in a hung jury; eight jurors were for conviction, four for acquittal.
Proceeds from the fund go to seven charities to help the poor.
A core group of Croatian and Slovene yachtsmen continued with their project anyway, but in the arguments the challenge's sponsorship changed from the Galeb Yacht Club in Croatia to the Maribor Yacht Club in Slovenia.
"This is where we live.
He is a graduate of Hamilton College.
The rest of the amount, about $1 billion, could be drawn by the corporate parent to pay operating expenses or to develop new models.
Today, we also have them available on computer disk."
The Tokyo stock market was closed for four national holidays last week.
That's all Lieutenant Franks knows for sure.
Or will the Bulls breeze to their first N.B.A.
Jones, who was fifth last year, finished second (2:26:40) and was followed by three women within five seconds of each other: Pippig, who caught Samuelson with 300 meters to go (2:26:52), Samuelson (2:26:54) and Kamilla Gradus of Poland (2:26:55).
To the Editor: In "The Bormann File" (Op-Ed, Nov. 13), I challenged President Carlos Menem of Argentina to acknowledge his country's pro-Nazi past and, as a first step, to release his Government's file on one of the most powerful men in the Third Reich, Hitler's personal secretary, Martin Bormann.
I don't believe anyone has ever found any direct evidence of what a mastodon ate before."
It is no simple task to define a new strategy in a world changed so fundamentally since the end of World War II, when the nation's aims were relatively simple: to rebuild the war-shattered countries and to contain Communism.
Our reviewer called this "a demystifying biography of de Beauvoir -- the serious, frumpy mother of feminism."
By the mid-70's, the Kay group had made it possible to give each researcher a personal computer small enough to fit under a desk.
The veteran, William Benefield, 40 years old, of Amarillo, died at Brooke Army Medical Center here, doctors said.
The figures are statistically adjusted to represent sales in all such outlets across the United States.
Some city agencies declined to provide aid they believed would be given by other city agencies.
The terminal is not, by any means, one of New York's tallest structures, but it is one that has been considered among the most beautiful and the most impressive ever since it took shape between 1903 and 1913 on 42d Street west of Lexington Avenue.
"Most of the people in the countryside are trying to get out for economic reasons of course.
Assailed as Dickensian Kim Hopper, an anthropologist who is president of the National Coalition for the Homeless, said there was a "terrible lunacy" to the dinner.
Word of President Bush's announcement on Tuesday that the United States would be setting up and protecting refugee camps for the Kurds in northern Iraq spread quickly among the several thousand inhabitants of the Silopi camp, which, unlike the mountain refugee encampments, has running water, regular medical care, food supplies, bathing facilities and a mosque.
It amounts to an opening bid in those negotiations.
"It is unthinkable," said Mr. Delors, "that societies as industrialized as ours do not, in the treaty, give themselves the means to follow words with action."
There are guys in the gulf putting their lives on the line.
These days, the 43-year-old Ms.
She suggested he would not, saying, "My understanding is that he is coming back today."
"On finishing his book, you'll want to practice your jump shot.
Mr. Wagner also failed in an attempt to gain the Democratic nomination for mayor in 1969, and in 1973 a deal that would have made him the Republican-Liberal candidate for mayor also collapsed.
And I'm not sure how a duck that is merely a duck and not some exotic variety can qualify for this book, as it does in the roast lacquered duck with muscat-tamarind sauce.
Yet even as one's mind insisted that everything on stage was preposterous, the performers' manic energy was so compelling that it was easy to suspend one's disbelief.
In the ocean, nautical mines and submarines are a growing concern to Pentagon officials, who said that Persian Gulf naval forces were preoccupied this winter by the military potential of Iran's single, difficult-to-locate mini-submarine.
The agency is proposing a system of licensing under which individual railroads would issue an operating license after training and testing their own employees according to standards set by the railroad agency.
Officials from many states, as well as environmental groups, are also calling for Federal action on environmental claims, although they are likely to seek tougher standards than the manufacturers.
His original name was Yitzhak Jazernicki, and he was born on Oct. 15, 1915, in a Hasidic village in eastern Poland.
A1 NORTH KOREA SOFTENS ATOM STAND North Korea said it was ready to permit inspection of its secret nuclear sites if the United States allowed inspections to guarantee that it was removing all nuclear weapons from South Korea.
A Soviet official arrived in Beijing today for a four-day visit, part of a broad effort by China to improve its relations with the Soviet Union and European countries.
Like the County Health Department and the Medical Center, social workers help people with the bureaucratic process, with child care and with transportation.
"We still continue to find problems," said Wayne Osten, the assistant director for Health Care Surveillance of the state Health Department.
Next, get out the black eyeliner.
The buyers will keep FNN, its syndicated television show, "This Morning's Business," the FNN business radio network, financial inserts distributed across the country on various radio staions, and FNN Sports, a program of sports highlights that replaces news on FNN on the weekends, the companies said.
Daniel R. Heischman performed the ceremony.
He won Panama's Premio Ricardo Miro in 1969 and in 1971 for playwriting and for his philosophical essays.
We had files that documented the extent of the Iraqi nuclear program, particularly in the fissile material production and weapons area as well as financial records relating to their procurement both in Iraq and, more particularly, abroad, of items for that program.
"It's usually on time, but if you're late for class it's, 'The PRT was late,' " said Julie Trevana, 21, a senior.
Still, the pictures from the cockpit should raise travelers' appreciation of the pilots' skill.
But some troublemakers join in."
In contrast, younger viewers are by far the most likely to zap.
From City Hall to City University headquarters, the authorities met to discuss what was widely regarded as a needless calamity, one of the worst in years here -- though it had happened before in other cities -- and to search for answers to hard questions: How did it happen?
The suit on which the appeals court ruled Friday was filed by Norml and the Alliance for Cannabis Therapeutics in 1989 after John C. Lawn, who was then the D.E.A.
A few days before the vote, Kerrey reflected, "I think it's going to be very difficult over the next 20 years or so to come to that conclusion: the conclusion of when do you die?
The United States team's shooting woes were apparent early as an 11-3 lead quickly evaporated when the United States went 4:09 without a point.
But the voices do not always come.
The survey, in conjunction with inflation data contained in the Commerce Department's preliminary estimate of economic growth in the third quarter, were all positive influences on the sharp increase in prices of Treasury notes and bonds.
Come-from-behind victories, dramatic homers and an abundance of confidence have replaced the daily despair and numbing experience of constant losing.
Despite the filtration system, they became decidedly murky.
Lisa Rebecca Gubernick's tale of a shiftless heir, "Squandered Fortune: The Life and Times of Huntington Hartford," should be read in a similar pathological spirit.
He has constructed a shrine that places a pulp paperback novel alongside a book about the Grail.
"You get what you pay for," That was possible when customers kept 30-day inventories of products like Tide.
One member of Parliament, Konstantin Lyubenchenko, said he was pressing for disclosure of legislators who had cooperated with the K.G.B.
At the same time, however, many Haitians have been anguished over the break with a constitutional order built around the country's first democratically elected Government.
He is survived by his wife, the former Elizabeth Etnier; four daughters, Elizabeth Aldrich of Germantown, N.Y., Lilias Outerbridge of Belfast, Me., Evelina Kats of Guilford, Conn., and Angelica Braestrup of Washington; a son, Harry Jr. of Chico, Calif.; two stepdaughters, Stephanie Doane of Bath, Me., and Elizabeth Villamil of Chestnut Hill, Pa., 19 grandchildren and five great-grandchildren.
Given that any deal would also undoubtedly guarantee Mr. Allen large sums of money for his work, a long-term arrangement with him would be considered financially risky at a time when most studios are trying to reduce their spending.
Having struggled to win the right to go off to wars with men, they reach Saudi Arabia as their first big-time war zone, which insists that woman's place is in hiding.
The other superpowers are playing a more limited role in forging a peace agreement in Cambodia.
The son of Maya archeologists, he was already deciphering the glyphs and reading stone monuments when he was only 12.
This hybrid design will make it easier for people to accept the car, said Lars Kyrklund, the company's representative here.
"Partly it's a definitional problem.
Unroll about six inches of solder from the spool.
Evan Pappas, who was so fine as another brand of selfish New Yorker in last season's Off Broadway revival of "I Can Get It for You Wholesale," is equally striking here, bringing a savage edge (along with his strong voice) to Marvin's self-indulgence and emotional greed ("I want it all!")
Films of such wildly different quality as the clever "Home Alone" and the lamebrained "Problem Child" became hits by showing grown-ups at the mercy of pipsqueaks.
We're asking the community to concentrate on building what could be a very exciting place.
Five thousand fishermen were reported missing.
They too are barnstormers; they give a single performance and get out of town as fast as they can.
"That should be done for the customer."
Fifty years ago, muscadet was an unknown local wine.
The distributor of natural gas, faced with a liquidity squeeze while seeking to negotiate new lines of credit with its banks, defaulted on $15 million in commercial paper and other short-term notes on Thursday.
The tax is added to the price of the ticket, except for tickets sold overseas; in such cases, the fee will be collected in cash at the airport, a process familiar to overseas travelers.
Ahmet Adnan Saygun, one of Turkey's leading composers, died in Istanbul on Jan. 6.
Results are in Canadian funds.
According to a recent survey in The Chicago Tribune, only 10 of the 74 clubs in the Chicago area have black members.
I think that in my place, others would have long quit this business.
"He's such a big part of the offense.
It would take the military only 48 hours to get ready to attack, the officer said.
He finds no humor in their jokes, and refuses to cooperate in their mindless, obligatory hazing of him.
"101 Dalmatians" follows Pongo and Perdita, the parents of 15 Dalmatian puppies, on a search from London to the English countryside as they track down their lost offspring and dash Cruella's plans.
It used to be easier to find ice cream in Harlem.
"I should forget the job interview," she said, after waiting more than 90 minutes for a train.
Because Healthnet's managers and Shamrock propose converting Healthnet to a profit-making operation, the state agency must approve the transaction.
"We haven't made enough progress giving out information on how well the children can do."
They are instead blaming and trying to punish the parents.
Proud to be New Jersey 101.5 FM," is a refrain repeated regularly on WKXW-FM in Trenton.
They are phrases that come up repeatedly in her personal appearances and in her stints as a talk show host.
Mrs. Jones's father is the associate dean for student affairs and a professor of clinical medicine at New York Medical College.
An exhibition of 12 panoramic photographs by John Yang of the landscape architecture of Long Island golf courses starts Saturday and runs through Aug. 8.
championships, in 1970 and 1973.
Experts note the difficulty of inferring the thought processes of any animal, whether ape, dolphin or parrot, from its behavior.
Concerts take place in the hay mow.
* Par Pharmaceutical, Inc., Spring Valley, N.Y., said its board of directors had approved the creation of a holding company, Pharmaceutical Resources Inc. * Proctor & Gamble Co., Cincinnati, said it had reached an agreement to buy the bleach and cleaning brands of a private Moroccan company, ONA Morocco.
The BOSTON BEAN COMPANY, open for lunch, has an American-style bar; a meal for two, with wine, is about $30.
Four prominent magazine executives predicted that their business would soon start climbing out of its advertising slump.
The group says that the savanna ecosystem, essentially grasslands punctuated by oak trees, is composed of a distinctive mixture of plants and animals that make it different from both prairie and forest.
On one side of the guide is a color-coded map of the 600-acre campus indicating which of the university's 125 buildings are fully or partly wheelchair-accessible.
Not like the Gauchos, which nurtures 500 city boys for upward of $500,000 per year, in a $2 million gym.
Critics say these actions and claims may do little more than inappropriately raise the hopes of consumers who want to do the right thing for the environment.
'Maybe an American' "I'm more optimistic than at any time before that one Western hostage, maybe an American, will be freed," the newspaper quoted its unidentified correspondent as saying.
Today 200 passenger and freight trains to and from northern Italy roll every 24 hours over the railroad tracks that skirt Bellinzona on the east, while a stream of autos and long-haul trucks pass the town on the highway on the western outskirts.
Another reason most women who are sexually harassed remain silent is that "women feel a responsibility to be emotional managers of relationships and often want to keep things friendly," said Antonio Abbey, a psychologist at Wayne State University.
didn't trouble me because I never got any of the money per se," Mr. Young said.
TODAY'S COLUMNS Fran Tarkenton is not through scrambling.
Fox added no new hit series; no Fox series, not even its big three from a year ago, increased its ratings from the previous season.
For customers, they seem to suit the new tone of the time: informal and unpretentious, requiring less of a commitment than going out for a real meal at a real restaurant.
Banks take big losses on their mortgage portfolios and their credit-card and business loans; under pressure from regulators, they sharply curtail their lending, even to healthy businesses.
30-Year Bond Prices In late trading, the Treasury's 8 1/8 percent 30-year bonds of 2021 were offered at a price of 98 7/32, down 2/32, to yield 8.28 percent, the same level as late Tuesday.
The quarterly loss compared with earnings of $6 million in the final quarter of 1989.
"They change every 10 minutes," said an owner, Ken Richter.
In our 40's, we move into a cruising speed, navigating curves with the comforting knowledge that we've been through most of them before.
America West, which has its headquarters in Tempe, Ariz., and hubs in Phoenix and Las Vegas, Nev., has implemented a $100 million cost-cutting program that includes trimming its route system, returning some planes to leasing companies and imposing an across-the-board pay cut of 10 percent.
Another explanation as to why adults are adopting Halloween as a holiday comes from Sherry S. Timbrook, a spokeswoman for Hallmark, from the company's offices in Kansas City, Mo.
Although it accounts for only 1 percent of all cancers in men, it is the most common cancer among those between the ages of 20 and 34, according to the National Cancer Institute.
Ms. McKerrow even brought a touch of fragility to a character who is often portrayed as a saucy soubrette.
REBOUNDS The Knicks and guard GREG ANTHONY have moved closer to reaching an agreement.
It's not just the happy hordes at the ball park or sports bars doing the Tomahawk Chop, the Braves' newly minted stadium exhortation.
Milk for the Young But only one type of cockroach is frequently kept as a pet: the three-inch Madagascar hissing roach, which attempts to scare off predators by expelling a noisy blast of air through holes in its upper thorax.
This distribution avoids overburdening any one source.
Two spots down, someone had tried the old "jammed meter" trick, sticking a coin part way in, to be retrieved later.
At a Breakfast With the Beasts at 8 P.M. on July 20, children age 7 and older will prepare such yummy items as fish laced with liver oil, monkey biscuits with special nutrients, and fruit salad sprinkled with vitamin powder.
In 1965, Frank D. Gilroy, 39 years old, won the Pulitzer Prize in drama for "The Subject Was Roses."
Mr. McDonald had been head of mortgage sales only since early July, when Paine Webber revamped its mortgage securities division.
That's a chess term coined in 1884 by Bernard Horwitz: "The real end game consists of a position where the method can be analytically demonstrated by which the slightly superior force can win."
Remove the garlic from the dressing.
KNOTS IN THE CHAIN OF COMMAND Its instant communications a shambles, Iraq's central command spends a full day to get word to the front lines via "pretty primitive" - but relatively safe - backup networks, American intelligence officers in Saudi Arabia said.
He has experience editing literary supplements, including eight years at the official newspaper of the Latvian Communist Party.
In five spades doubled the heart three was led to the ace, and a club was returned.
"The tension level is not high enough in the business -- everyone is too damn comfortable at a time when the business is in crisis."
Andrew Hill Sweet Basil 88 Seventh Avenue South (above Bleecker Street) Through Sunday Andrew Hill's band played a sprawling first set at Sweet Basil on Tuesday night.
"It's a pretty high price to pay for a company that did not make any money last year," said Richard Ryder, an analyst at Salomon Brothers.
And under Herbert von Karajan, the Berlin played Mahler with straightforward, stunning grandeur.
First Class Paul Harrington, a paratrooper, said that 2,935 people had passed through by 5 P.M.. As work crews set up more tents and several hundred women and children from Kurdish families sat patiently in the fields where new arrivals were being processed, Capt.
But not long after the premiere of "Atlas," she was performing the small-scale "Facing North," a duet with Robert Een, in the relatively humble venue of St. Mark's Church in lower Manhattan.
Before joining Nautica in 1988, he was group vice president for marketing for Palm Beach Inc. and senior vice president of the Grief Companies.
The Philip Morris Companies, the world's largest consumer-products company and the maker of Marlboro cigarettes, said yesterday that its earnings inched up only 2 percent in the fourth quarter.
But it is not unimportant.
They reinforced suspicions that he tailored intelligence estimates to please his superiors.
Qc5, it is not easy to judge whether Black has quite enough compensation for his sacrificed exchange.
Contrary to promises that the process would be more open than 10 years ago, it has mostly been negotiated behind closed doors.
The study pointed out that while top Iraqi officials from President Saddam Hussein to senior officers in the military and ruling Arab Baath Socialist Party are exempted from suffering by special access to food imports and hard currency, the majority of Iraqi households are in a state of crisis over food and health because of rampant food-price inflation.
I think this is a plus."
Especially during basketball season, at least until last year.
"I've enjoyed your carrier," he told a pilot.
There is even a mechanism already in place for state-city cooperation.
This is what it said: "I already have the following menus on file," followed by a list of seven local Chinese restaurants.
The Botanical Garden holds to the old ways, however.
It would also provide strong protections for employers, including the right to require a second medical opinion.
Ne4, attracts so few disciples.
"Insofar as that occurred we deeply regret it."
The result was a show that wandered and became exhausting instead of exhilarating.
Interest-rate enthusiasm was temporarily dampened early in the session after a widely followed survey showed sustained growth at the nation's factories last month.
Bids on the new six-month bills produced an average discount rate of 5.78 percent, up from an average rate of 5.71 percent a week ago.
Omar Pasha, who works inside a black box, produces Day-Glo objects (and people) at will and then simply erases them, as if they were no more than chalk drawings on a kindergarten blackboard.
In the first months, there was some difficulty in obtaining ingredients, he said.
Among the kinds of content she is aiming at, she listed "sexual innuendo; gratuitous sex, even in commercials," and violence.
Lee Smith pitched out of a two-out, two-on jam in the eighth by getting Ricky Jordan on a foul pop to first, then pitched the ninth for his 22d save in 25 opportunities.
He was transferred to Pearl Harbor in 1942, was attached to the staff of Adm. Chester W. Nimitz, and later helped establish naval air-transport throughout the Pacific.
In downtown Los Angeles, for example, the office vacancy rate stood at 22.6 percent as of June 30, up from 15.7 percent a year earlier, according to Cushman & Wakefield, a commercial real estate firm.
"As partners, we are extremely happy," said Jean-Claude Boulet, president and chief executive of BDDP, which takes its name from the former name of its French agency, Boulet Dru Dupuy Petit (now BDDP France).
"There are real border-issue problems here," she said.
And where the history is spicier, controversy is sure to follow, as was evident at the San Francisco School Board's public hearing on the books this June at the Everett Middle School.
The hijacked plane was held in Beirut and Algiers for a total of 17 days.
And they pay for it all themselves or with help from their parents.
A Catholic priest reported that four bodies had been found in cleanup operations yesterday.
Kurt Masur, the music director of the New York Philharmonic, and Deborah Borda, the orchestra's general manager, will discuss plans for the Philharmonic's future, tomorrow at 6 P.M. as part of the Lincoln Center Off Stage series.
He depicts the prosecutor's fabrications as actual events, and adds fabrications of his own.
Meatless Savories Of course, foie gras and sweet wines are not the only options for entertaining between now and New Year's Day.
On the Ladies Professional Golf Association tour, the word for Heather Farr was competitor.
Not only will this result in cleaner sludge for safe use on land, but it will also result in the discharge of fewer toxics by sewage treatment plant outfalls, thus sparing harbor water, sediments and fisheries from toxic contamination.
He could be sentenced to death.
Because it was a good day to die.
"The selloff was largely technical in nature, with nothing outside the ordinary" to account for this, said Harry Schwartz, an analyst with Cargill Investor Services Inc. in New York.
The authorities estimate that about 200,000 Bangladeshis cross into West Bengal every year.
That agreement was rejected on April 24 by Federal District Judge H. Russel Holland in Anchorage, saying he considered the fine too small.
is the person charged with making and carrying out the foreign policy of this country."
It was not clear whether the negative attitudes toward promotions was also reflected in responses to other questions that have not yet been disclosed.
Dr. Friedman said some viruses that infect the eye are so hardy that they can live on dry surfaces for weeks.
An Unlocked Entrance A man dressed in a postal uniform who declined to identify himself said he saw Mr. McIlvane come into a large room where letters are sorted, start shooting, and then leave the room with a coat draped over the rifle.
Mr. Mittler, who was born in Czechoslovakia, received a law degree from Komensky University in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia, in 1938 and moved to Palestine in 1939.
Graf's record streak of 186 weeks at No.
"What this country does not need is another test," said Mr. Geiger of the National Education Association.
An innovative package of hardware and software that can transform a computer into a desktop television studio has stirred an unusual degree of excitement in both the computer and video worlds.
Many more hunkered down in Washington, drafting letters of appeal to the commission.
'They're Just Waiting' After his visit, Mr. Sununu said, "Basically, they're just waiting until everything gets back in sync.
"The war really dispersed us to the winds," said Leon Moskowitz, a retired insurance executive from Interlaken, N.J., who helped organize the reunion.
"If one looks back at the Chicago Symphony's programs five years ago, and at those from last year, the change is unbelievable.
Doug Drabek, an ice pack bound to the back of his left leg, sat on a sofa in the Pirates' clubhouse today, having a catch with his 3-year-old son, Kyle.
The choice was between me and extinction.
Sophreap, 18, is an engineering student at the University of California at Davis.
All along the road, whole families hack at fields, meadows and gardens with hoes and shovels -- bearded intellectuals, children in cloth caps, heavy-set old women called babushkas.
Sari Shops and Card Store "We have 70 different languages in our schools," said Charles A. Boyle, the Superintendent.
Performances today at 7 P.M., Tuesday at 8, Wednesday at 2 and 8, Thursday at 8, Friday at 8:30, Saturday at 5 and 9.
The push-up or underwire bra is featured in most suits, giving a more voluptuous look.
But that day may not be too far off.
Harry Stoner takes his work very seriously.
"Extending this type of benefit under the worst possible personal situation usually gets us a loyal customer for the best possible circumstances," said Don Fleming, a spokesman for Trans World Airlines.
He said it would be wrong to withhold benefits before the Government has made immunization easily accessible.
It crashed in a deserted area and no damage was reported.
Lots of Harrumph "It clouds the public debate and misrepresents the problems the city faces," said Allen J. Proctor, executive director of the State Financial Control Board, which could resume binding control of the city's finances if it failed to balance its budget.
A Nice Complement Nevertheless, he has placed Hampton and Anderson on a level above the rest, and he said he wanted his two best runners on the field as much as possible.
So instead of Simms and Montana, essentially pocket passers, the offenses will be led by Hostetler and Young, mobile quarterbacks who are not afraid to run.
The referral system is a tradition, part collegial camaraderie and part financial quid pro quo.
Sponsored by the 92d Street Y.
The next Secretary General will be expected to have managerial skills to match the diplomatic prowess that is required.
We were a homeless congregation.
"The shadow you refuse to look at is much worse than the shadow you actually look at."
Soon, he was under investigation by the Manhattan District Attorney's office and resigned from the academy in disgrace.
* NEC Corp., Tokyo, a communications equipment company, and Omron Corp., Kyoto, Japan, have agreed to develop and market a computer system to improve electronic products.
The authors of "Once on This Island," Lynn Ahrens and Stephen Flaherty, are relative newcomers to the theater, and hugely promising ones, though their show, with its simple appeal to the emotions and its slick repackaging of ethnic culture, is, like "Miss Saigon," in the mode of Rodgers and Hammerstein's "Oriental" period.
The defense's opening statements began with Mr. Gurino's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, telling the jury that the informer, Mr. Savino, had orchestrated the crimes in the case for the Government.
Janet Louise Kendall, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Kendall Jr. of Gladwyne, Pa., was married yesterday in Gladwyne to Joseph Jeffrey Lankin, the son of Eleanor Lankin of Hartford and the late Dr. Joseph J. Lankin.
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police has been forced to draft into its security network officers whose normal duties are with the force's renowned Musical Ride -- men and women more accustomed to donning the force's red tunics and riding breeches and giving equestrian displays.
The later, quiet weekend hours are preferable for visiting these quarters.
Like a typical member of his species, Mr. Wright fished and fished for trout until he noticed there weren't as many to be caught anymore.
Voicing anger at repressive measures taken by the Soviet authorities against pro-independence forces in the Baltic republics, members of Congress called on the Bush Administration today to impose sanctions on Moscow and take other retaliatory steps.
She is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Stephen A. Greene of Short Hills, N.J.
When Mrs. Zeiler, 52, of Maplewood, N.J., died of cancer, her husband, Matthew, requested that gifts be sent to the Neediest Cases instead of flowers.
* Millicom Inc., New York, a telecommunications company, said an affiliate, Millicom International Cellular S.A., will sell its entire interest in Pacific Link Communications Ltd., a cellular telephone company in Hong Kong, to its partner in the 50-50 joint venture, First Pacific Co. Ltd., Hong Kong, a financial services company, for about $150 million.
Among the next steps for the South African delegation are to come to an agreement on its debt to the United Nations, which is nearly $60 million, and to apply for reinstatement to the General Assembly, from which it was suspended in 1974.
"Everyone was looking at him, knew there might be trouble," said the pub's owner, Estelle Whellan.
For the moment, little will be outwardly different except for the blue-and-white United Nations flag that was raised during a ceremony in a wheat field dozens of yards from the nearest refugee tents.
Susan Alison Ivory, a freelance photographer and art historian in Chapel Hill, N.C., was married yesterday to Richard Adler, the composer, of New York and Southampton, L.I.
A prime example of the resistance the Government is encountering can be seen in its effort to bring the currency in line with its market value.
These dance rites of manhood are short-lived.
Mexicans call these immigrants "los rodinos," after Representative Peter W. Rodino Jr., a New JerseyDemocrat who sponsored the 1986 law in the House.
Ms. Jackson has met with great success working with the production team of Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, just as her brother Michael Jackson has experienced his greatest successes with the producer Quincy Jones.
For a while, her interest in art was manifested in a collection that became well known for its broad range and exquisite taste.
"I figure it's about a 20-minute ride, right?"
If the Jets, who haven't been to the playoffs since 1986, can beat Buffalo today, they will be much closer to experiencing the real thing.
Sixteen small hotels, guesthouses and housekeeping apartments on the Caribbean island of Anguilla have formed an association called the Inns of Anguilla, enabling vacationers to make reservations at any one of them with a single call.
The national rate of infection among intravenous drug users, too, seems to have stabilized at about 35 percent, with education at drug clinics and free bleach to clean needles.
Mr. Gates said American intelligence would be forced in the immediate future to concentrate on the disintegration of the Soviet empire, adding that he had recently ordered analysts to produce 10 major reports on aspects of the breakup for the White House and other policy makers.
The Chikabumi Ainu Kotan, in north central Hokkaido, has 70 Ainu houses where 300 people work, and an Ainu cemetery.
A second dissent was registered by Dr. J. Christopher Wagner, a British expert on asbestos exposure.
While the improved results were greeted enthusiastically by investors, retailing is chiefly a market-share game; cutting overhead does not build a business.
Failure to do so, he said, could result in clients eliminating their agencies from any meaningful role in advertising decision-making, thus "relegating agencies to just filling in orders for the ads."
Mr. Darbone, who moved to Texas with his parents (his father worked in the oil industry), began learning country tunes at dances.
"When a cancellation occurs, you try to stabilize the program for your public, given the personnel you have," Ms. Vulgamore said.
Mr. Gorbachev started his mediating effort on Feb. 9 with a statement warning that the United States-led alliance in the war threatened to exceed the United Nations mandate and the declaration that a political settlement should also include the issue of the Arab-Israeli conflict.
A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point.
One possibility would be the Hang Seng Bank, a major Chinese-managed institution that is 61 percent owned by the Hongkong Bank.
The Senators begin play in 1992-1993.
British publishing houses may allow bookstores to start discounting some best sellers as early as this summer, for the first time this century, leading booksellers and publishers say.
The latest beige book, which was prepared by the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, is based on information from the Fed's 12 banking districts obtained before Sept. 9 and would not reflect the Fed's credit-loosening moves of last week.
Here are some of the other dishes being offered.
Other critics cited by the newspaper included the Center for Auto Safety and Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety, a coalition of safety groups.
"For Zubia, of course, I hope he wins," Dotson said.
But with Prudhoe Bay in decline, she said curiosity about the Cook Inlet basin had been renewed.
For unless you have a large staff, or are incapable of reflection, gardening quickly thrusts you into a complicated, intimate relationship with nature, one in which the moral and philosophical questions are at least as pressing as the esthetic ones.
What they need to do is find out why the dog is doing this."
Associates speaking under the condition of anonymity, however, said that Jaffe had embarked on an administrative remodeling of the Garden.
Dr. Fitzgerald added, "Professional men don't go around putting used condoms in your desk, as can happen in a blue-collar setting.
Mr. Fallon and his partners bought the building for $67,000 in 1978; it was appraised last year at $1.2 million, he said.
The hour ends with a report on a disagreement at the J. Paul Getty Museum in California over the authenticity of a seven-foot Greek kouros, a marble statue of a young man from the sixth century B.C.
Now that it looks like the troops might be coming home sooner rather than later, the flags and the ribbons and the banners are starting to mean something different to worried residents and workers here.
"When a client says, 'I want a news environment,' CNN is now a much stronger competitor relative to network news," Mr.
Cholera Cases Reported PARIS, May 3 (Reuters) -- A hundred Kurds at the Turkish refugee camp at Cukurca have been treated for cholera in the last week, an international medical charity said today.
But she may be more concerned by the fact that smoking will give her bad breath and increase the wrinkles in her face, two concerns that address her immediate goal of physical attractiveness.
When I checked in I was handed a stack of take-out menus from nearby delis and Chinese restaurants.
Still, analysts said that Groupe Schneider's $78-a-share proposal, which came in the form of the letter to Mr. Stead rather than through a formal tender offer, might be hard for Square D's directors to turn down.
This man is not challenging the fact of science; he is challenging the action of science.
They also can give up runs.
"I felt like a 10-month baby; I felt so overdue," Gilbert said.
Certainly, there is no room for papers, disks and other essential clutter.
The girl, whose name was not given because she is a juvenile, was charged yesterday afternoon by the Brooklyn District Attorney's Office with first-degree manslaughter in the death of Freddie Reyes of 909 East Fifth Street in Parkville, Brooklyn.
The playwright's setup (Place: "a bus stop in a dream"; Time: "out of time") is an imagined dialogue between Mrs.
The songs cover more than 25 years of rock-and-roll history, and Mr.
Do stereotypes lurk even here?
A First Dictionary of Cultural Literacy has severe lexicographical problems, including many examples of factual inaccuracy or incompleteness -- why Chicago is the Windy City, who is Dracula, who rules Gibraltar -- in addition to quirks of omission -- Psalms but not Proverbs in the Bible section -- and its questionable evaluation of cultural artifacts -- twice as long an entry for "The Little Engine That Could" as for the New Testament.
"I don't think he's going to do anything different than he's done so far."
While biding his time, however, he decided against re-signing as the New Orleans Saints' play-by-play announcer.
Garnish with a sprinkling of chives, and serve at once.
In his memorandum for the transition team in December 1980, he said the commission had gone too far in encouraging affirmative action and should re-examine its policy.
The Center for Science in the Public Interest, a nonprofit lobbying group that has long fought for stricter controls over the alcohol industry, would like to see even tougher labeling requirements.
Allegre has been healthy for weeks and is ready to play.
And Helene Alexopoulos's characteristic mix of lyricism and steely precision, epitomized in her fluting arabesque, made the woman in mauve a special pleasure.
Here I can only point to Madonna, who is shown in her recent film with a constant retinue of a half-dozen young men who might otherwise be dragging down the employment statistics.
He thinks the importance of fishing upstream has been much exaggerated, and the value of a long cast vastly overrated.
"Some years we get no new members at all."
"I had always been programmed to be up and bubbly and uncontroversial on the air, no matter what," said Mr. Minot.
But it is a clear departure from the auction-type trading that now exists on the floor of the exchange between 9:30 A.M. and 4 P.M., which leads to price fluctuations throughout the trading day.
Yesterday, Mr. Congel said, "Bonwit Teller continues to thrive, and Pyramid's efforts to revitalize it are proceeding as planned."
LOS ANGELES (NL) -- Agreed to terms with Lenny Harris, infielder, on a one-year contract.
Since the failed Soviet coup, however, the latent division between orthodox Communists and more reform-minded leftists has suddenly surfaced.
Mayor David N. Dinkins went to Crown Heights on Monday night and stayed several hours.
Bankers said customers should first notify their own bank, even if they were using another's automated teller.
The Israeli authorities who oversee tightly restricted research on the Dead Sea Scrolls are backing away from earlier threats of legal action to prevent a California library from opening photographs of the rare documents to all scholars.
We're really trying to prepare for the fare card days under the automated fare collection system, so that people who ride the bus don't have to go to a subway station to buy a fare card.
I had grown up in a working-class neighborhood in Louisville, Ky., where the thought of someone branding his skin was as foreign as worshiping cows.
If Gray is claimed, the Knicks would free themselves of the remainder of his $422,000 guaranteed salary for this season and all of next season.
34 was a bit heavy-handed, too, with the string section reduced to just under 40 players.
Given the uncertainty facing WPP and the change in shareholder structure, the more pessimistic analysts recommend selling the common shares.
Ladies and gentlemen, when we were here, we were 150 miles away from Baghdad and there was nobody between us and Baghdad.
He graduated from Princeton University in 1970 and Harvard Business School.
David Elving Schwartz, a Newark lawyer, recalls driving along the Garden State Parkway when, he says, he felt a wave of fatigue sweep over his body.
"During 1989, criticism from State and Commerce Department staff was severe enough to cause the Export-Import Bank board of directors to reconsider its negative conclusion regarding Iraq's creditworthiness."
Bruckner has long been a Philharmonic mainstay.
Easing the Pressure With Wednesday's methodical, 4-1 thumping of the Rangers, the Canadiens extended their winning streak to nine games and ended the Rangers' winning streak at six.
The greater problem is the diversion of attention from Joan by dithering love music for King Charles and his mistress Agnes Sorel and, worse, for Joan and her cardboard lover, Lionel, the Duke of Burgundy.
"Athletics is just another category.
JEFF KOONS Grist for last season's rumor mill, the latest paintings and sculptures from this artist-provocateur and media circus ringmaster will finally make their way to public view.
Strawberry was out by half a step and the night of remembrance, regret and revenge was complete.
But the average time remains just above 24 hours in the four largest boroughs, meaning that many suspects are not being arraigned within the time limit.
Environmentalists as well as the people in the region, chiefly the Cree Indians and the Inuit, have fought to stop the project.
"Downtown employers and owners are painfully aware of the recession," said John Zuccotti, president of Olympia and York and chairman of the advisory group, which has obtained a commitment of $350,000 a year in corporate funds, and is looking for more.
Von der Heide joined the stock exchange in 1914 as a runner, and when he left in 1948 he was a vice president.
But Mr. Herenton described Memphis as a "mean-spirited" city that put too much emphasis on tourism and business and too little on social programs and the city's public schools, 80 percent of whose students are black.
The blitz was complete with slick brochures and managers eager to cut deals, offering everything from launching services and communications satellites to space photographs that rivaled those from spy satellites.
Information: (212) 269-5755 or (201) 435-9499.
An October wedding is planned.
His first game with Buffalo was the first of his professional career in which he was not a starter.
He had just completed a series of games with Dynamo against club teams in Sweden, including a match Wednesday against Hanninge in which Kovalev scored a goal and had an assist during his first 45-second shift.
They come large and small but the 64 examples here stand but a few inches tall in the same slab.
The diplomat said things have changed irrevocably since the tense period less than two years ago when the United States showed great deference to Arab sensitivities during the gulf crisis.
Each state administers its own program, and Federal guidelines give states wide latitude to fashion their own package of services and eligibility rules.
Company officials said the camera was installed because a man had been sneaking in.
The intimation to me was to fix it or put it out of its misery."
"Foreign capital must be given incentives," he said in an interview, criticizing the Government's newborn economic conservatism.
Cooper was not available yesterday, but both Nastase and Vilas were reached by phone, Nastase in Paris, where he is stopping on an exhibition tour, and Vilas in Argentina, where he, too, is honing his game for exhibitions.
In August, net proceeds of the sale of these items will be contributed to the Juvenile Diabetes Foundation.
But by then the coup was over, and Mr. Gorbachev returned to Moscow without incident.
"I can't let ego get in the way of a fiscal crisis that could cost people their jobs," Mr. Hill says.
John N. LaCorte, a champion of Italian heritage who won a national holiday honoring Christopher Columbus and got a major bridge named for a neglected explorer, Giovanni da Verrazano, died on Wednesday at Long Island College Hospital in Brooklyn.
She is a partner in Tallwood Associates, merchant bankers in New York.
In one of the strangest artistic transformations imaginable, a newly constituted Borodin Quartet -- with the violinists Mikhail Kopelman and Andrei Abramenkov replacing Mr. Dubinsky and, ironically, his bitterest antagonist within the group, Yaroslav Alexandrov -- soon recorded an icily detached Shostakovich cycle, the one now available on Angel CD's, in which even the playing of Mr. Berlinsky and the violist Dmitri Shebalin is unrecognizable.
William R. Miller of New York and Rita C. Larson of New Canaan, Conn., have announced the engagement of their daughter Jane Samantha Miller to Michael Warren Tierney, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Jerrold N. Tierney of Leesburg, Va. A September wedding is planned.
"I'm happy to be home," he said.
Energy futures, meanwhile, moved higher on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
But he quickly became dissatisfied as he worked with the longer clothes.
In other islands nature hikes and protection of marine life are being increasingly emphasized.
"But even the basic moves are tough for us.
Shop sells 12-year-old single malt for $35.60.
Steinbrenner made his last appearance in Yankee Stadium in the summer of 1990, putting the club in the hands of Gene Michael, his longtime factotum, and Stump Merrill, a sad, overmatched minor leaguer.
The disk is formed as a transparent glass that is heat-treated to turn it into a opaque white fine-grained ceramic with a crystal structure similar to jade.
Oil shipping companies say there is a dearth of equipment that can be used from the decks of a tanker after a spill.
This meant there was a flood of currency exchanging, which left the company doubly exposed to the risk of dollar-yen fluctuations.
But missing in the traffic and the backstretch primping is Meadow Star, the champion juvenile filly of last year, the winner of 11 races in 13 starts.
"The science facilities in our high schools don't equal up to some science labs in suburban elementary schools," said Kirk Smith, a public information officer for the Newark schools, noting that some laboratories have not been updated since they were built more than 60 years ago.
There was a lot left, however, and it was lovingly performed.
"There's still no indication the design work is congealing," he said.
HORSE RACING El Senor's Late Run Gives Him the Victory El Senor came from last in the four-horse field with a bold run in the stretch yesterday and won the $47,000 Requital Handicap on grass at Belmont by a neck.
We had an agreement because he wrote about me in his diary and we exchanged our diaries so we could see what we had to say about each other."
Even when he seemed to be doing nothing much of anything, the movement of his pencil had a beautifully sprung rhythm as it momentarily pressed hard, here and there, and elsewhere left the page blank.
Time to Forget Rancor Mr. Bush had set a difficult task for himself today.
One organization, Direct Action for Treatment Access, or DATA, even refers patients to buyers clubs that sell drugs for their particular condition and will refer them to doctors who will monitor them if they take unapproved drugs.
They presented documents and witnesses over the 19-day trial to support their argument that Mr. McCann spent the money on luxuries, leasing a Mercedes, buying furs, jewelry, tickets to sports events.
They didn't "look the money," as the saying goes.
"Our library and gym were long ago converted to classrooms.
"I knew Amy was going for the Hall of Fame," said Geddes, who played with Alcott in the last group of the day.
"I've never heard of a general manager doing that," a veteran agent said.
The Kiev Ballet school in the Ukraine also sent two students to the Pillow.
Donkeys, laden with wood and charcoal, still compete with rickety cars on potholed roads.
Energy futures sank on the New York Mercantile Exchange; there were no indications that Russian oil exports to Europe were slowing, analysts said.
The diagram appended to the picture is incomplete but it enables the viewer to identify most of the stars.
Maybe I gave him too much money.
You call up the calculator by pressing the F3 key, enter the four numbers required in the blanks provided, press F10, and the rate of return appears.
Poland started the day well, and at one point had cut the Icelandic lead to 16 imps.
"This is the last struggle for all of us."
Congressional leaders have refused to raise taxes or cut other spending to pay for the unemployment benefits bill, and until today the Administration had refused to designate the shortage of staff at unemployment offices as an emergency.
Like all fashionable artistic trends -- and in the 1880's in particular Neo-Impressionism was certainly this -- the movement accommodated artists of vastly different outlooks, the talented and the unimaginative, the progressive and the conservative.
And if the universe is indeed full of life, the energy it might have generated in 20 billion or 100 billion years could be immense.
You lose track of everything.
"It may be the specific action of red wine tannins which may have protective activity on the cardiovascular system," the report said.
In contrast, "The Addams Family" grossed $24.2 million on its first weekend.
David Harris, as a juvenile, was too young to be executed.
As for Mr. Steinberg, he began setting his poetry to music while a literature major in college.
And theaters like it are facing similar decisions.
Among those who have made wine from scheurebe are Joseph Phelps Vineyards in the Napa Valley.
The asking price was $535,000, said E. J. McCoy, the listing agent.
Today, maintaining their common approach to the Lithuanian issue, Germany and France issued a joint statement condemning last night's killings and appealing to Mr. Gorbachev to end the violence and to engage in a dialogue with "the freely elected representatives of the Baltic people."
Iowa 76, E. Tenn. St. 73 The seventh-seeded Hawkeyes (21-10) advanced to a second-round meeting with second-seeded Duke on Saturday afternoon.
"Depending on the timing, a Grammy win can increase the sales of an album by anywhere from half a million to two million albums."
"I thought she was hurt.
The residents, she said, would be "required to participate, and, I repeat, required."
To support them now, and to respect them when they return.
The National Conservative Party, one of the 14 parties that backed Mrs. Chamorro's election, recently introduced legislation in the National Assembly to derogate the two 1990 laws legalizing la pinata.
The case has sparked a controversy in Lloyd over the fairness of its zoning law and whether accessory apartments should be allowed.
But as these cars age, especially if they are poorly maintained, they become dirtier.
With a last low wail the music ceases, and the dance for the night is ended, but not the evil work of the night."
To convert this menu to a New Year's Day buffet to serve 24 guests, first triple the mushroom recipe and mound a tablespoon or so of the mixture onto small rounds of French bread.
If high bids emerge, for example, for the Northeast shuttle or some of the routes promised to Delta, the judge overseeing Pan Am's bankruptcy case, Cornelius Blackshear, could consider them if it meant a higher return to creditors.
Pacific Telesis Pacific Teleis earned $316 million, or 80 cents a share, for the three months ended June 30, compared with $287 million, or 72 cents a share, in the second quarter of 1990.
Under the proposals, the minimum prison term for those convicted of violating a trade embargo imposed by the United Nations would be increased from six months to one year, with maximum sentences up to 10 years.
Even putting Nicklaus and his 20 major championships aside, the 12 other players within four shots of the lead have won 20 major championships.
After tempers cooled, Mr. Hamm was charged with assault.
Mr. Levinson said he asked Mr. Garcia in their first conversation if he had any bank accounts abroad, even ones that might have not been named by the Olivera commission.
He pulled out a desktop display of a dozen 3-by-5-inch historical flags, including the Bunker Hill flag, which is red, with a fir tree on a white field in the corner, and the Grand Union, with the familiar red and white stripes but with a Union Jack in an upper corner.
With contempt, let's dispose of the argument already being heard that Americans opposed to a settlement that would strengthen the Moscow-Baghdad axis are itching to march on Baghdad and don't care about American casualties.
Short-term rates, which had been moving lower during the morning, went back up after Mr. Mullins's comments moved across trading screens.
Until last year, the 35-member Council was a relatively toothless body that shared power over the budget and other legislative prerogatives with the Board of Estimate, which was far more powerful.
They hope to get six hours of sleep each night.
Petroleum futures prices jumped yesterday on the New York Mercantile Exchange as traders bought contracts on the expectation of production cuts by OPEC members.
The Cubs, meanwhile, ignored their bad experience with free agents this season and gave Morgan the fourth year and an average annual income of more than $3 million, a remarkable coup for a pitcher who this year had his first winning record in a 10-year career, 14-10, and has a .392 career percentage based on a 67-104 record.
But a lot of condominium owners pay more than owners of single-family homes."
She taught her son Neapolitan songs and Roman ditties.
"I came here with my father when I was a kid," said Ed Gleeson, originally from just across the border in Canada.
Price range: Lunch entrees are $6.50 to $13.50.
As for improvements in the readiness of conventional forces, the Reagan-Weinberger duo merits about half the credit.
It is investing some $7 million in northern Mexico to purify the water and improve sewage systems.
* The Center for Education in the Arts.
Freedom National's failure resulted in losses for several churches and other nonprofit organizations that held some of the $11 million in uninsured deposits at the bank.
It's about a five-minute walk to the nearest pier and 10 minutes down to the foot of the Brooklyn Bridge, where, on an early winter's evening, I waited for my friends to take me on a fly-fishing excursion to the tidal flats between Ellis Island and the New Jersey shore.
The play opens with the most predictable of framing devices: a television team tries to report on the crisis and distorts the truth for dramatic purposes.
and set aside $3,000 for next year.
Several days later, the firm acknowledged that three top executivies, including the chairman, the president and a vice chairman, had known of one bidding violation since April but had failed to report it to the Government.
Some officials in Europe speculated that the timing of Mr. Bush's decision was somehow connected to domestic policy considerations.
But Robert L. Marshall has just compiled a useful anthology of excerpts from Mozart's letters and other early testimony about the composer's life and music, "Mozart Speaks."
The bill provides that anyone performing an illegal abortion could be sentenced to a prison term of one to ten years and a fine of $10,000 to $100,000.
And the occasional comrade walked by and said it was about time they threw the guy out.
No two prairies are alike.
He was burned with cigarettes and his nails were beaten and pressed by weights until they turned black.
They gathered for dinner, along with some old friends from Seattle.
The mall, which opened in March in this small town 35 miles southeast of Houston, is a joint venture of the Edward J. DeBartolo Corporation of Youngstown, Ohio, and the MGHerring Group of Dallas.
To ride out the slump, the Boston-based Green Company is working down its inventory and helping banks sell development projects that were foreclosed.
Seton Hall's defense wrapped Sealy up like a sandwich in a Ziploc bag and he could not move or score.
His emphasis on the need for clinical studies, which many rival companies today credit with "professionalizing" the industry, led to a slow international product rollout by Nobelpharma.
"The dollar amounts are pretty impressive: 182,000 here, 130,000 there," said Joseph DePlasco, a Transportation Department spokesman.
Among the technology stocks, I.B.M.
Fifteen minutes later, the protesters were gone, Mrs. Fallor said, and she added: "Why did we have to threaten a riot to get into our building?
By 1995, he said, Chrysler expects to have converted all of its home-grown four-door sedans to the cab-forward look.
Party in a Subway Station Nov. 7 -- To help prevent the closing of the New York Transit Museum, a dinner will be held in the restored 1936 subway station that houses the museum at Boerum Place and Schermerhorn Street in Brooklyn.
It would no longer bend to meet his needs.
Harold Nebenzal, whose father, Seymour, was the producer of much of Pabst's best work, recalls a close friendship between the two families.
Why were allegations by Col. Millard A. Peck, former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency's P.O.W.-M.I.A.
The revisions were announced only a few hours before Mr. Parry, who will become a voting member of the Federal Reserve's policy-making Open Market Committee next year, told an audience in Seattle that because of favorable inflation trends, the Fed has more leeway to push interest rates lower to stimulate the economy.
to supply a letter of credit for an office building project in Alexandria, Va. Another First American memo, written in June 1986 by an official at First American's international banking section, describes how B.C.C.I.
Maj. Tony L. Salter and Sgt.
In early July, Elie Wiesel, the author, Nobel Peace Prize winner and founding chairman and member of the United States Holocaust Memorial Council, was interrupted while making a Holocaust memorial dedication speech in Iasi, Romania.
Since Mr. Udall's fall, in which he broke at least six bones -- including his shoulder blade and more than one rib -- he has been hospitalized at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Md., the National Rehabilitation Hospital near his Washington home and now at the Veterans Affairs Hospital in Washington.
The work is conceived, to use Mr. Kopit's word, as a "nightmarish" rodeo, a hallucinatory collage of effects that used to be fashionably referred to as "total theater," often at the expense of dramatic structure, coherent plot and developed characters.
It contains intricate sculptures exploring the spiritual nature of numbers, in particular 666, used in the Book of Revelations to denote a beast from below with horns.
Well, it's like a bank.
Once, when his money ran out, he charged the magazines at the local store in his home town of Tripoli in Lebanon to the account of his father, a foreman at a petroleum company.
But many who do get jobs perform better than their test scores would indicate.
John G. Von der Heide, a former official of the New York Stock Exchange, died on Sunday at the Sprain Brook Manor convalescent home in Scarsdale, N.Y.
Officials at the election commission and officials from Presidential campaigns said they had no idea exactly how much more spending would now be permitted.
Cocktails at 6:30 P.M. at the New York Hilton will be followed by dinner and a performance of "Forbidden Broadway."
A bride who wants a color other than white should ask about any extra fee.
RICHARD A. CONE Professor of Biophysics Johns Hopkins University Baltimore, Jan. 14, 1991
No date has been set for the selection of a development company, Mr. Kadish said, and eight developers have expressed interest.
Lord Young, as part of his duties, has already met with Coopers & Lybrand officials to discuss their review of the firm's compliance procedures.
When it comes to subordinating a movement to the rights of an individual of either sex, some activists just don't get it: an attempt to shoot from ambush and a refusal to complain until the perfect moment suggest unreliability.
But Southampton Town Attorney Michael G. Walsh says the town has rights, too.
Riding in the school's indoor ring and on Forest Park bridle paths; trail riding in Forest Park.
"In five years they have come from the back of the pack in the software race to become the leader in terms of product quality, market growth and perception in marketplace," she said, adding this caution: "The dark side is that Borland's merger with Ashton-Tate has sapped a lot of resources."
"I'm looking forward to come back," Fernandez said.
SUBBIAH KANNAPPAN East Lansing, Mich., April 4, 1991 The writer is a professor of economics at Michigan State University.
On Wednesday, Hampton will participate in a full-scale practice for the first time since he injured the shoulder against New England in the Giants' last preseason game, Aug. 24.
If Israel receives additional aid requested from Washington, it would be on top of the $3 billion in economic and military assistance this state already gets from the United States each year, more than any country.
"He had an arsenal of stylistic weapons, and he used them in his letters like a fencer whose attacks are a pleasure to watch."
The motorman, Robert Ray, 38 years old, also acknowledged that he had been operating the train at 35 to 45 miles an hour -- about four times the speed limit -- when it hurtled off the tracks, the court papers said.
"Not playing this year, it will always be there, a little emptiness," Seles said of missing Wimbledon.
In fact, I think this passionate desire for complete gender integration of all clubs or "societies" on campuses does more harm than good in many ways.
The Giants were masters in 1990, increasing their possession time from 32 minutes 15 seconds per game in the regular season to 38:41 in the playoffs to a whopping 40:33 in Super Bowl XXV.
The neurosciences institute, with more than a score of scientists, conducts basic research on the brain and also are hosts to visits by scholars from around the world.
They constitute a brilliant solo debut for Mr. Pfrang.
The purpose was to free space in the overcrowded prison system, which today was at 118 percent of capacity with 57,235 inmates.
Tiranno left the cornstalk blind and walked into the field.
Many switched to competing brands and aren't interested in switching back.
Nadia, who was the daughter of Ms. Robertson's estranged boyfriend, lived with Ms. Robertson in the two-bedroom apartment where the shootings occurred.
He was 52 years old and lived in Niantic, Conn., and Manhattan.
He doesn't use it, but he's superstitious -- this is where he began operations and he does not want to forget where he came from.
By late Saturday, the lead was down to one-half game.
While Stewart slipped, Faldo breezed to his first European tour triumph since the British Open at St. Andrews last year.
While fans purchased packs of tennis cards in the book shop, a courtroom stenographer was trying to keep up with the high-speed ramblings of Monica Seles in the interview room.
"It is a film about an American journalist who writes a fictional book about the Red Brigades.
He's also among the most obvious to anyone who has been around him.
"If I find something I like, and they say yes, I get to produce it and see what that side of it is like."
Corporal Verizzo said he had turned to her rather than call a bail bondsman because he had wanted to get out "as quickly as possible and involve as few persons as possible."
The reactor itself, one of three in a small town called Mihama, 220 miles west of Tokyo and not far from Kyoto, will be inoperable for at least several months.
Evans finished the game, which the Raiders lost 27-0, completing none of his three pass attempts while throwing one interception.
He began to comb the woods and pastures himself, based on his knowledge of where the various armies had marched.
Electronic monitors and pumps for intravenous drips are one example, she said "We're going back to the basics," she said.
(An acre-foot, 325,850 gallons, is about enough to supply two typical families for a year.)
The acts were directed against Jewish students and faculty members as well as places of Jewish activity, like Jewish fraternities and sororities.
The next year, after dropping their first eight games while scoring 10 points and allowing 243, the Reds were suspended by the league for defaulting on payments.
Because insurance premiums are charged only on deposits in domestic offices, a recent analysis by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods concluded that the higher rates will hurt many banking companies in the economically troubled Northeast and Middle Atlantic States.
The worst records of the Falcons, the Eagles, the Bears and the Lions would also be 9-7.
Some Conciliatory Words Mr. Skubiszewski balanced his argument on Soviet troop withdrawals with conciliatory passages.
The federation partly finances the Y and also contributes to Beth Israel.
Film executives also say that the movie bears all the trademarks of a problem picture -- an ending that was refilmed and then discarded in favor of the original ending, re-editing, and noisy disputes between the star and the director that eventually had to be resolved by the Walt Disney Studios, which produced the movie.
Chilean imports posted a whopping 57.1 percent increase last year over 1989, with 921,000 cases, making it the fourth largest table wine exporter to the United States after Italy, France and Germany.
They did their job well enough that young Puckett stayed out of trouble.
"I knew he wasn't a robber, even though he was under the mill, looking around," he said.
Two years after he started the shop on Shelton Avenue in 1981, he said, he turned it over to his children.
"We've been struggling," Vandeweghe said.
Earnings for the third quarter totalled $119 million, or 85 cents a share, compared with $240 million, or $1.76 a share, in the similar period last year.
But, as George Steinbrenner said when Hank opted not to try for the job, the family's sense was that he would have had a hard go of it when it came to gaining needed approval of the team owners in both the American and National leagues.
"In this situation, we're agreeing with the C.D.C.
Most of the soloists' words, more than those of the chorus, came across clearly and movingly.
It was rebuilt and refurnished with money largely provided by Lila Acheson Wallace, who founded Reader's Digest with her husband, DeWitt Wallace.
At Irvington House, he participated in a major study that found in 1961 that continuous doses of antibiotics could ward off strep infections and thus prevent rheumatic fever.
I do not recall whether she went on to say the name Clarence Thomas, but if she had said it, the name would not have meant anything to me at that time, because I had no idea who Judge Thomas was.
Here comes the Atlanta Falcons' blitz.
Mr. Bush likes to say that the veto power can bend Congress to his will.
This practice should be stopped.
And that's just the dollar gain.
The team also changed ownership when the long feud between factions of the Mara family ended with Tisch buying out the half owned by Tim Mara, his mother and his sister.
Dr. Wood served seven years in the 1950's as an associate at the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research in New York City, where he carried out extensive studies into strep infections.
The waterfalls are taller than her school.
Nearly everyone recognizes these phrases as the repertory of the yo-yo enthusiast.
Willard M. Berry, vice president for Congressional affairs at the National Foreign Trade Council, said that before Congress takes up the proposal, "it is in the interest of all concerned to insure that all alternatives are explored and the pros and cons of each are fully debated."
Reasons for Big Problems One reason for the problems at Savannah River, according to Mr. Moore and other plant executives, is the sheer volume and complexity of the work.
Subsumed in those five months were 39 days when the temperature exceeded 90 degrees.
This thinking is no prescription for economic growth.
Asked whether the community, which two weeks ago urged Slovenia and Croatia not to declare independence, was again taking Belgrade's side, he said, "We're not on the side of Belgrade, we're on the side of Yugoslavia and the interests of the peoples of Yugoslavia who live in different regions."
Also jumping into the fray was Lois Lee, the director of Children of the Night, a Hollywood-based foundation that works to get children off the streets and out of prostitution.
The deficit will be at least $5 billion for the next fiscal year.
No theory adequately explains exactly why electromagnetic fields may increase the risk of cancer.
Mr. Ferrer explains that he is mocking advertising but does not acknowledge Tom Wesselmann as an influence.
But few deny the gamble by Rio Negro's Governor has paid off handsomely for him politically.
The Yankees think the 25-year-old will improve while he learns more about pitching.
And the undercurrent of anxiety about the economy stands in sharp contrast to the pious assurances from Washington that all is well.
Stephen Prospero of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey police.
"Maybe Weicker will have the ability to break with the past on this," Mr. Pomp said.
With central controls lifted, he asked, what would prevent environmental protection -- still young and fragile here -- from falling between the cracks of the old Soviet empire?
The University of Michigan runs a blue-chip athletic program and is an annual fixture in lucrative bowl games.
According to Broadcasting magazine, the number of Classic Rock outlets went up 160 percent -- to 240 stations -- from 1989 to 1990.
Replays appeared to show that the ball had just crossed the goal line before Meola stopped it.
"They don't have that free flow they do where liquor is served.
Essex County, N.J., $62.5 million of general obligation fiscal year adjustment bonds.
There followed a tortured legal struggle that now rests with the Supreme Court.
First, most of them hate and distrust each other.
They stopped at the university's unguarded western gate, which faces the sea.
Only the most foresighted of owners, like the O'Malley family of Brooklyn, which was handed a quiet little ravine near downtown Los Angeles, were able to survive with a team as their principal business.
And for the baby boomers themselves, lacking faith in Social Security, more saving would improve the prospect of a more secure retirement.
He began working for a Canadian subsidiary of Ferro in 1933, and spent the next 43 years with the company.
Now a date has been more or less fixed: October.
It was a lawsuit filed by Allstate challenging the state's rate policies that led indirectly to the rate increase, Mr. Berzok said.
This recipe has many variations, especially in summer when so much fresh produce is available.
I'm excluded because my family didn't know their great-grandparents.
It may be true, as the law school's dean, Mary Doyle, recently said, that Justice Brennan "sprinkles magic moondust wherever he goes."
Washing your hands may help a bit, Dr. Gwaltney said, if you happened to touch a sick person, but the best way to avoid being infected is to "try to avoid being exposed to people who cough or sneeze," a nearly impossible task.
This, I've discovered, should not be mistaken for the evasive doubletalk of a Steinbrenner-era Yankee -- instead it is the idiom of "well-trained professionals."
season ended in the spring, Aguiar (pronounced AG-ee-are) was the league's fourth-leading punter with 49 kicks for 2,029 yards, a 41.4 yard average.
A giant settee in the form of a geometric sunburst became the centerpiece.
I think we would drive viewers away if we emphasized the two men.
Several other top managers have also been replaced.
Bahr's kick, his fifth field goal of the day, was a fitting ending to a game filled with solid defense and spectacular hitting.
Judge Tauber said his motive was to make the program more therapeutic, mimicking successful anti-addiction programs like Alcoholics Anonymous and Smokenders.
It is paradoxical that even in Japan -- the leading producer of audio equipment -- American speakers outsell Japanese products.
For the crew of the Farallon, a sleek white Coast Guard cutter, dusk signals the start of "stealth" operations, when surprise becomes the crucial weapon in a cat-and-mouse struggle to police the Caribbean against drug smugglers.
This is also a film whose battle scenes look as if they required the services of a real army, because they did.
Actually, Fassel didn't really hit Hostetler hard.
He is on the Armed Services Committee.
Football was the champion of Nielsen's 1990-91 ratings season in sports, holding the top six spots.
On the way back on the subway, Mr. Frank knew all the stops before they were announced.
Officers from the 71st Precinct are building a table that will support Ms. Sparhawk's work-in-progress.
Goodyear's new chairman, Stanley C. Gault, the former head of Rubbermaid Inc., has said he wants to sell assets to help bring the debt-laden Goodyear back to profitability.
An aide in the Democratic leadership said Democrats wanted to "cut off at the pass" any attempt to play politics with the war in the gulf and the votes that authorized it.
Local telephone traffic showed little effect from the weakening economy, but there was a drop in the rate at which businesses ordered new telephone lines, Mr. Springer said in a telephone interview.
"The party will continue to fight to guarantee peace and liberty for the Angolan people."
Charles Eames, for instance, got many of his ideas for molding plywood chairs from developing lightweight splints for the U.S. Navy.
Mr. Dinkins must do more than persuade the union leaders, who are basically politicians elected by their members, that he is not bluffing.
For these Republicans, the current stalemate may or may not serve strategic ends of keeping Mr. Cuomo saddled with his gubernatorial responsibilities, but it carries serious risks as well.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
"They have their own schools and theaters in southern Ossetia.
"We view the reversal as a great victory, and we are highly optimistic that we will also obtain a reversal of the one remaining count," said Theodore Wells, a lawyer in the case.
Lawyers' many abuses, real or imagined, make an inviting target for a politician.
David Rosow, a spokesman for William Koch's America 3 syndicate, said that both defense teams, America 3 and Team Dennis Conner, support Ehman's position.
"It's a shame you have to hang around," Assemblyman Anthony S. Seminerio, Democrat of Queens, said recently before settling in for a nap at his desk.
Mrs. Flake has been a teacher and administrator in the school.
Today the potential enemies were a brilliant sun and the logic that favored an opponent nearly half his age and ranked 137 computer spots ahead of him.
They decided it was Meadow Star, the gentle little filly, officially by a nose, visually by an eyebrow or so.
In little more than a decade, the N.B.A.
At the time of her death, she was hoping to revive "Bolero," "Chopin Concerto" and "Impressions de Music Hall."
What do I have to do to help myself prepare for Florida State?
"They shoulda rolled the head on stage," said the burly high school student in the letter jacket, who had just seen the Hartford Stage Company's production of "The Master Builder" and was making his way up the aisle and out into the street, where a yellow bus waited to collect him and his companions.
the team title over San Jose State at the N.C.A.A.
Mickey Mantle: "All I have is natural ability."
Such cutbacks would make the recession harder to shake off and, in the long run, would make the companies less competitive.
Tandy's shares closed today at $29.375, down 12.5 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.
"The entire city was just sparkling at us."
Take a fresh look at the problem.
I'll never know the answer that question, but as I say, thank God that they didn't.
With the machine running, drop the garlic and ginger through the feed tube of a food processor and process until minced.
This quickly led to a meeting between the President and the general at the President's house on Dec. 18, but each man apparently thought the other was going to bring up the retirement question, so neither did so.
Victims of Type II diabetes cannot produce enough insulin or fail to respond to the insulin that is produced by the body.
(The tour bus entrance, which is also a prominent part of the approach, does nothing for the hotel's sense of occasion.)
From that number the two expansion teams will be selected by the fall of 1992, unless the league is unable to reach a collective bargaining agreement with the players that will take into account the two new teams.
He was 74 years old.
as its president in 1948, when internal dissension threatened to tear it apart.
One key to the work is its play between symmetry and asymmetry.
The Metropole, a graceful but old four-story white building in the Art Deco syle, was built in 1936 when Vietnam was ruled by France.
That was always said of it with a slight hint of contempt on the "respectable."
Plus, my fiancee was in the stands with about 40 members of her family from Chatham, N.J. And none of them had ever seen me pitch before."
Because of an editing error, a report in the Chronicle column yesterday about a luncheon to honor Zubin Mehta, music director of the New York Philharmonic, misstated the scheduled date.
"So the authority has been a cushion for the governing body, for the mayors and the freeholders, in building these facilities that have to be built," Ms. Gulbinsky said.
And yet, that opening melody isn't only sad, or sad and pensive.
He also took a firm line that cooperation with major record labels and advertisers amounted to collaboration with the enemy.
Breakfast and lunch (sandwiches, grilled foods, knishes) from the clubhouse can be eaten at its old-fashioned counter or on the deck hanging over the lake.
In the transportation industry, there is no unanimity on these issues.
And the louder it gets, the more you can be sure that their own problems are growing in severity."
It is about half the amount the Steinbergs are estimated to have spent out of their own pockets on the 1988 nuptuals.
'A Great Friend' "Cypress Point has been a great friend to this tournament, and it's as if it's passed away," said Tom Watson of the course he calls one of his five favorites.
Mr. Anderson said he was alarmed at a region becoming more segregated by race and income when the global job market was increasing competition for jobs that could just as easily be located in Ireland as in suburban New Jersey.
I don't know what he's selling."
He said that the M.T.A.
Michael and Leonard Kleinman, the Yankees' chief operating officer, informed Alan Meersand, Buechele's agent, of the change in plans late Monday night.
The newly developed index of real estate trends found that more than half the professionals polled across the country said the strongest gains in residential real estate had been in the West, the South and the Midwest.
On longer window seats, the triangular pieces may require additional braces; make them by mitering the end of a 2-by-4 so it fits against the side ledger and is perpendicular to the front wall.
Air New Zealand, 1960 East Grand Avenue, El Segundo, Calif. 90245, (800) 262-1234, will customize ski tours on request.
On the other hand, magazines whose revenues come mainly from circulation, like most of the smaller niche publications, are far better off.
"While we are not going to see the consolidation that we are seeing in banking, we will see movement of capital in indirect ways," said Stephen L. Brown, president of the John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company.
It relies on optimistic hopes for tax collections, and it is still missing one big piece of the budgetary puzzle: a contribution from the municipal unions.
The computer, triggered by low demand on the flight, released cheaper seats, which the seatmate was lucky enough to get.
But those days may be over.
He is running unchallenged on the Republican ticket because he says he does not want to split the Asian vote in the primary.
Like everything else in this garden, these two are a lot easier to look at than they are to pronounce.
Both Kelly and Hector are doubtful for the Kansas City game.
He smiled at his joke, but acknowledged that the objects that came from the stands in the late innings Monday night, and the succession of confrontations going on behind him, forced him to divide his attention between the game and the stands.
He was a guest lecturer at the Fashion Institute of Technology and the Parsons School of Design.
But he's not at all the kind of doctor I want to be.
In the front row were the Antiquaires a Paris, five French dealers (including Mr. Rossi) with their own Paris galleries who hold joint exhibits and often buy pieces together.
The National Organization for Women, which is marking its 25th anniversary this year, has seen a decline in membership and interest as the women's movement seemed to be treading water in recent years, several speakers said yesterday.
As president of the N.B.A.
This will mean about a one-third gain in jobs in Richmond Hill, said Mr.
Two Wests Collide: The Old and New Ms. Mulroy said that Las Vegas intended to harvest only a "safe yield" of perennial water -- meaning water that is replenished through rain and snow annually -- and that it intended to give some of it to the rural counties to help them develop.
Mr. Dimitrov, a 39-year-old maintenance worker with tired eyes, has heard the reports that Western experts consider the plant so dangerous that they want to have it closed.
NOTE: Recipe may be prepared a day ahead.
In between diplomacy, Mr. Baker took time out for two important side trips.
This excerpt from "The Pickwick Papers" is included in "A New Christmas Treasury," edited by Jack Newcombe (Viking).
As recently as 1965, when Congress created Medicaid, black babies in Mississippi died at a rate of 54.4 for every 1,000 births, by far the nation's worst.
The enemies range from real-life characters like Al Capone to the semifictional Musstler (a mix of Mussolini and Hitler) to the purely fictional Rastapopoulos.
These lovers cry and hug one another, and in the face of disaster their sorrow abounds.
These were most evident in the Symphony No.
With the failure of Communism and the debunking of the Lenin cult, there are many who believe that the quasi-religious maintenance of the body -- in a glass sarcophagus inside the red granite mausoleum on Red Square -- should be halted.
Legislators will search for new rules to control what has been described as a lightly regulated Government bond market.
Phillies 7, Astros 3 PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- Rookie Wes Chamberlain had four hits and John Kruk drove three runs to lead Philadelphia over Houston.
Having decided on war, months ago, President Bush prosecuted it with impressive skill.
Mr. Roddenberry, who said he always thought of himself as a storyteller, wrote not only the original shows, but also what he called a bible for later writers to follow.
It is not known who President Bush might select to succeed Mr. Thornburgh at the Justice Department, but Administration officials have said that potential successors include Samuel K. Skinner, the Transportation Secretary, and Carla A.
The tragedy is played on a bare, black-painted stage, lighted by glaring white beams that illuminate the characters who are speaking.
"It can always be replaced."
"I remember playing against him when I was at Penn State and he was at Syracuse," said Redskins linebacker Matt Millen.
He added that the city was prepared to cope with the disparity between resources and needs that he agreed constitutes a crisis.
Rabbis Joel Y. Zion and Morris S. Friedman officiated.
Last month, Mr. Dinkins appointed a commission headed by Andrew Cuomo, the Governor's son, who has been instrumental in creating a program of transitional housing coupled with social and medical services.
"Costs are increasing, technical performance standards are not being met, and the schedule is seriously slipping."
"They would go into a physician's offices and say, 'If you don't use T.P.A.
"The notion of denying benefits when an additional child is born and providing generous subsidies to those who marry is unknown in the U.S. welfare system," said Gary Burtless of the Brookings Institution in Washington.
7358, which was built in 1957 by the St. Louis Car Company.
The local production is directed by George Croom.
The global collapse of Communism, coupled with the success of South Korea's policy toward Moscow and Beijing, has placed Kim Il Sung's regime in its greatest diplomatic isolation.
Supporting Actress Annette Bening, "The Grifters."
The Moi Government needs to take a number of other steps, he said, including the repeal of a section of the Constitution that allows political opponents to be detained without trial.
Just as, for the last 18 innings, there had been no runs.
Then you never hear from them again."
A variation on this theme is the example of another general, Wojciech Jaruzelski, who instituted martial law in Poland in 1981 and served as Moscow's custodian.
Some states have surcharges known as mortgage taxes, realty transfer taxes, mortgage recording fees and others.
Or rather, you wrote it.
One is led to question the solidity and strategic value of a coalition based on the exclusion of America's strongest and most reliable ally, but that includes Syria, whose terrorist credentials equal those of Iraq.
The Moons have filed a notice of claim for a civil action against the school district.
Mel Bochner SteinGladstone 99 Wooster Street SoHo Through tomorrow This elegantly ephemeral exhibition recalls a moment in the late 1960's when younger artists, stopped in their tracks by the absolute simplicity of Minimal sculpture, attempted to go it one better.
The old campaigner, Mr. Lynch's friends say, is deeply distressed in a government role he is not sure he likes, but feels powerless to change, and has considered leaving.
Hard-to-Treat Pain A second group suffers from daily migraine headaches with no known cause, which Dr. Green said were very hard to treat.
Two examples: a 15-inch high transparent birdcage crown (center) made from glycerined ostrich plumes, and the high turban (top left) of black coq feathers.
Mr. Hendrickson will remain at the Transportation Department as a project engineer, the agency said.
He was 71 years old and lived in Manhattan.
Near Norilsk a succession of 45 layers has been identified, stacked like pancakes.
Nevertheless, scores of Stetson students attended the party, said Stephen Kilpatrick, a postgraduate accounting major from Altamont, Fla., who was there.
Outside the Forum in this Los Angeles suburb, a couple of hundred fans lingered quietly, most of them in disbelief, some of them hoping to see Johnson as he left the building.
In the city on a steep-sided cross street, the sun hardly gets to the sidewalk, except when it bounces off windows and breaks up the pavement with watery splotches.
About 40 percent of the 3.7 million ounces of platinum mined last year went into these antipollution devices."
After all he has seen in New York, he is certainly tough enough.
Instead of sitting in locked cars waiting in the lot, mothers chat on benches while toddlers shovel sand piles.
Mr. Dubilier is survived by two sons, Michael and William, and a daughter, Patricia Coughlin, all of New York, and by one grandchild.
Peters fans will recognize such villages and hamlets as Atcham, Leighton and Wroxeter, as well as the market town of Much Wenlock.
On Wright's third attempt, the electronic timer read 4.14 and the stopwatch said 4.17.
But in a telephone interview he said the mall's owner had failed to pay some requisitions from subcontractors after Modular's contract was terminated when the project fell behind schedule.
Although the ticket in question is not good on another carrier, Pan Am will reissue it for use on a Pan Am flight, say, from Los Angeles to San Francisco or some other comparable destination.
Pornographic Film Cited In the apartment, Mr. Murphy forced the girl to watch a pornographic videotape, Lieutenant Spano said.
"The system we've got now is a charade, a farce.
Born in Shamokin, Pa., on April 13, 1896, the son of a business college president, Frank Lynn Magee attended Bethlehem Preparatory School, graduated from Lehigh University with a degree in electrical engineering and joined Alcoa shortly afterward.
In its eventful 13 seasons, Crossroads has been a front-runner in the ascendence of theater in the state and has made a dent in farther-reaching theatrical consciousness, with productions of new works for audiences countrywide.
I'm a political worker as a teacher and I know that anti-Communism emerges as a result in reaction to Communism, just as anti-fascism arises as a response to fascism, as a deviation from -- and standard.
The company, based in Fairfax, Va., also said it had deferred some investments until business conditions improved.
2, it keeps our commitment to defend Saudi Arabia and use force if Saudi Arabia is attacked.
Neatly combed red hair and a banker's suit make Mr. Lipton look all business.
THEATER DECOR: Ridged fabric walls, comfortable seats.
The associations, which planned to finance the rehabilitation of Executive Life through assessments of nearly $1 billion on insurers around the country, had never before taken over the operations of a failed insurer.
Mr. Hoffman, 41, is a speech pathologist at the New York Developmental Center in West Seneca.
Mr. Mandela said he still opposed any further lifting of sanctions against South Africa for now.
Mr. Lensky was ill but sent best wishes.
In September, Senator Alan Cranston, Democrat of California, put the brakes on two top State Department nominations until the department agreed to make public classified diplomatic cables on April Glaspie, the former United States Ambassador to Iraq.
Because of the unabashed country dialect and the broad characterizations, "Mule Bone" has long been viewed in some quarters as perpetuating noxious stereotypes.
Sherzer, an international master from Fallston, Md., rebounded once, given the chance by Dzindzichashvili, and made his renowned opponent sorry for not obeying the old advice that when you achieve a winning superiority, you bear down with everything you have to guarantee victory.
If a survey indicated that, as many people suspect, vacancies now exceed the limit, the law should be allowed to run its course, subject to existing leases.
Mr. Gates has also said he sought to remain ignorant of any dealings with the contras because of Congress's bar to assisting them.
He was appointed head of the State Planning Commission, or Gosplan, at a time when central control of almost every sector of the Soviet economy was still firmly in place.
At the house, she testified, he then induced her to drink a mix of vodka and orange soda that caused her to slip in and out of consciousness.
But since the Syrians were armed with Soviet T-72 tanks like the Iraqis, the minor role accorded the Syrians may have prevented confusion on the battlefield.
Among them are embarrassment, reprisals and a fear -- often borne out by experience -- that those who complain will be harmed professionally.
The new system has reached the market quickly in part because it uses chips available from Intel rather than requiring new ones to be custom-designed.
SONNY WERBLIN always liked to describe his occupation, modestly, as "selling tickets."
For the three months ended March 31, sales fell in real terms, by about 3 percent.
And perhaps a "shiny weapon" -- a knife, screwdriver, toy pistol, you name it -- would have turned up in a later search of the scene.
This then puts a special responsibility on intelligence agencies to be truthful, straightforward, candid, and forthcoming in dealings with Congress.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Committee staff assured her that, as previously agreed, once the committee had the F.B.I.
Israeli tanks and soldiers took up positions at the northeastern edges of Jezzin, about 10 miles east of the port of Sidon.
"MESSIAH SING-IN," Avery Fisher Hall.
First Boston declined to comment.
The two men were partners in a chain of newspapers in Italy a number of years ago, and they both have been active in supporting the Socialist Party in Italy.
The deal, which is subject to financing and regulatory approvals, includes more than 40 gas processing plants, a storage operation and an import terminal.
Her sister was exterminated in a camp.
It's hard to talk about it."
Like many Leningraders, Galina Shmakova is on the lookout for sugar these days, to make preserves for the winter.
Other favorites are the news weeklies, Playboy and women's magazines.
The two companies plan to share marketing and drug development costs, but each will keep the profits of existing products.
This is one of the few statements where those acknowledgments do not seem like window dressing on one side or the other.
Cook over gentle to moderate heat for about 5 minutes, stirring and shaking the pan occasionally to redistribute the vegetables so they cook evenly.
The dispute over the scope of the Voting Rights Act focuses on a single word: "representatives."
Where development already exists or goes ahead anyway, sand rights would require people who benefit to mitigate the damage caused by the development.
Use it as spinach in the summer, and just cut off the outer leaves one by one and leave the rest of the plant.
When a man rides off on a bicycle without paying for his ice water, Amiro chases him, pulls him down and demands payment.
Kevin Stevens gave Pittsburgh a 1-0 lead at 13 minutes 31 seconds of the first period and Ron Francis made it 2-0 early in the second period as Pittsburgh beat Boston at the Bruins' own conservative, mistake-free, hard-checking game.
Another law bans littering, with a $100 fine if you're caught in the act.
In following seasons, he played for the Lions and for the Green Bay Packers.
The phoenix's "hat" is the lotus blossom at the top of the speckled green flower-form handle.
In the gastronomic revolution of the 1970's, cooks discovered pesto, rushed out to buy pasta machines and books by Mr. Bugialli and Marcella Hazan, and flocked to restaurants that served tortellini alla panna instead of baked ziti.
The friend's collection of everything from Masai arrows to photographs of Nehru and Leni Riefenstahl to a sacred jeweled Tibetan knife forged from a meteorite seems to fit the way of life of a museum curator more than that of a philosopher.
Mrs. Riley apparently led her family in their own Pentecostal sect, holding weekly services at their red brick home on Snyder Avenue, the police said.
Loaves of Golden Harvest Bread, made in North Haven, are stacked up in the shop, which is decorated with sheepskins from Sugar Hill Farm in Colebrook and bouquets of pastel-colored chocolate roses by the Fudgery in Vernon.
Then Lathon returned a deflected pass 52 yards for a touchdown that clinched the Oilers' first victory at Riverfront Stadium in five games.
To the Editor: David Lindorff has decided that the best way to promote the Literacy Day observance in New York is to circulate a petition to ask Gov.
The St. Louis Symphony, for example, raised $500,000 for its European tour, and was able to keep $400,000 to present a festival of mostly free concerts featuring American music in St. Louis and nearby cities.
I don't want to build my personality on what someone else has done, so I can justify what or who I am.
My family owned a building at 1335 York Avenue for 100 years beginning in the 1860's.
Mr. Ruggieri said he expected to complete the negotiations by early next year.
Wait several weeks, until the soil is warm, or, as the Indians used to say, "until the oak leaves are the size of a mouse's ear," to sow corn, beets, chard, cucumbers and other crops.
Both schools have since been re-accredited.
Taking It Easy The new champion took life easy down the way in Stall 17 of Barn 42 while Zito and 15 other trainers decided where they would go next.
And the tranquil seaside village where his inheritance is situated has become infested with drugs, gunrunners, developers and "duppies" -- local parlance for ghosts or zombies, or maybe just a linguistic joke.
Of the novelist Erica Jong, whose "Fear of Flying" Ms. Phillips tried to make into a movie, she says, "It is remarkable how much she looks like Miss Piggy when her face is in repose."
The legs of many new briefs are cut higher, while boxers are longer and knit to be soft and stretchy.
There is white-out all over the screen.
Dr. Bowen, a native of Osborne, Kan., was a 1918 graduate of the Naval Aviation School at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and received a medical degree from George Washington University.
While one might wonder about the need today to evoke and exaggerate century-old avant-garde imagery, there can be no doubt that Roland Ropor, the designer of the Munich production, has a real flair for wallowing in the most vivid manifestations of degradation.
New System Reported Needed Even so, the steps envisioned by the Pentagon would have been inconceivable before the gulf war because of Saudi and other Arab sensitivities about an American military presence.
Information on visits to vineyards is available at the tourist office in Oporto at 25 Rua Clube dos Fenianos; telephone (02) 312740.
At an earlier film-making time, the subject might have been avoided as not being positive enough.
His posts there have included officer-in-charge of the Michigan banking and consumer-loan departments, and president and chief executive of a former affiliate, Manufacturers Bank of Southfield.
"I am really excited by it," Mr. Hiscock said in an interview.
The orders for the assault came from Acting United States Attorney General William P. Barr on Thursday night after word from the prison that the situation was deteriorating and that the hostages were in danger, officials said.
And the Open isn't USA's only score.
"We do know there's movement, and we went after that," Lieut.
"But in working with her, I always found her clear and straight.
"I eat the fruit, anyway," she said, laughing.
After water therapy and work on a stationary bicycle, the injury has healed nicely, she said.
"I came in 1988, and started the withdrawal from Afghanistan.
Some stores will be company-owned, and others franchised, Mr. Bechtel said.
Victor and Sandra Bequary of Litchfield, Conn., have announced the engagement of their daughter Christine Ann Bequary to Brian Richard McGovern, a son of Richard and Adrienne McGovern of Oyster Bay Cove, L.I.
In contrast with killings committed in passion or drunkenness, there was no question that he intended his victim's death.
The other two victims were enrolled at nearby Santa Fe Community College.
How much the old order has changed was evident in this week's admission of three Baltic States, two Koreas, Micronesia and the Marshall Islands.
There were 65 to 85 passengers on board.
Of course he should have paid more, $22.50, or $32.95, or something, since we all know what inflation has done to the cheeseburger and the bleacher ticket.
And the tapes remained in Government files -- with Tampa prosecutors denying they existed -- despite repeated requests for help from Federal examiners and District Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau of Manhattan.
And the unemployment rate, despite the third-quarter recovery in real G.N.P., stayed like an indigestible lump in the belly of the economy.
But during his performance he was knocked cold by a kicking horse and ended up in a hospital.
But in matters of such complexity, the quick fix is not a real solution.
That Leo Rosten is American may help explain the disaccord, the memoirist having a low opinion of our writers and of our literature, most of which he declares "a disaster."
Bb4 14 ab Nb4 15 Qb2 bc gives Black three pawns for his sacrificed piece plus a winning mating attack.
At the same time, it has opened its first stores intended specifically to woo the affections of men.
Perhaps officials also sensed that Mr. Bush's hero's lap around the region might become an embarrassing procession of questions about Arab-Israeli negotiations.
I really felt the Saints believed I was going to come crawling back last year, but I didn't have any bills to pay."
Takeover Directed and produced by Peter Kinoy and Pamela Yates; a Skylight Pictures Production.
But directors of the community clinics say they cannot pass on the added costs to patients because the patients generally cannot afford to pay more.
This was a logical question to ask in the course of discussing with her her employment history.
Boris Yeltsin is a politician for the domestic landscape, a strategist rooted in the provincial earth.
Head injury is a leading cause of epilepsy in this country, resulting in 5,000 cases a year.
On the 107th floor observation deck, daily, 10 A.M. to 4 P.M.
It needs a share of the tourist season.
She also perused the Yellow Pages.
He said that despite genetic predispositions to certain diseases, like sickle cell anemia among blacks and Tay-Sachs disease among Jews which are cited by many who argue for such separation, interracial breeding from the time of slavery has made race as socials definition with little biological meaning.
Ocean dumping costs Middlesex County about $4 million each year.
Girls looked at their mothers, did not necessarily like what they saw, and maybe in fantasy lived out being a boy.
In New Hampshire, for example, the Governor has vetoed a bill to repeal a pre-Roe criminal abortion law.
Aides said the intensification of the strife in Iraq and the Iraqi military's use of combat helicopters to attack rebel positions prompted Mr. Bush to review his policies toward Mr. Hussein.
That is why, he added, the agency, in creating Sears's holiday campaign, "gave consumers both kinds of messages, the price-product message and reasons why to feel smart or good about shopping at the store."
The Government began an intensive review of security after the incident, which was described as the first mortar-bomb attack by Irish terrorists in mainland Britain.
Colicchio uses fried chips of celery root to layer a crab-meat salad.
The Devils killed off Maley's first penalty, but Housley scored on the second one, which carried into the third period.
And as Mr. Reuter points out, "it raises the demand for protective services from the guerrillas," increasing the guerrilla take from what is reportedly already their primary source of income.
And subsidies to such factories absorbed nearly a third of revenue in 1990.
"You do the playing," he said, "and I'll do the coaching."
As of yesterday, no striking unions hadscheduled negotiating sessions with The News.
The delay will strengthen Sun Microsystems' hand in the highly competitive market, analysts said.
Though the Constitution refers to "judges" rather than "Justices," Chief Justice Rehnquist has precedent on his side.
The Interfax report also could not immediately be confirmed, according to The Associated Press.
Neither manager was a stranger to the style of the other.
That's troubling because any candidate's record bears on judgment and character.
Mr. Dinkins was expected to decide before the M.T.A.
This year its benefits office changed its call routing methods, and increased by 40 percent the number of calls answered by a person rather than an answering machine.
It is now a smaller company, and since it left Park Avenue last fall, has maintained two "World Headquarters," each designated as such.
One of the victims worked at the grocery, the police said, but they were unable to identify the men further.
Which is significant, believe me."
The generosity will cost $6 or $7 million.
Shearson, Lehman Brothers advised clients that trade in the futures market to use "utmost caution" in taking positions "because of the potential volatility," depending on what happens in the Gulf.
Sara Jane Moore (Debra Monk) is a true flibbertigibbet, as likely to pull a banana from her capacious handbag as she is a pistol.
Coleman averaged 18.4 points and 10.3 rebounds.
In a separate trial in November 1985, he had been convicted of smuggling the hijackers' weapons aboard and received a seven-year sentence.
At the same time, he was preparing to film "Simple Men," based on his screenplay about two brothers, a scholar and a small-time criminal, searching for their radical activist father, a former major-league baseball player who vanished 23 years earlier.
Americans understandably worry about Soviet missiles that can reach the U.S., but the problem, if any, lies with shorter-range arms.
In that case, what would Dr. Naismith think of today's basketball with its multimillion-dollar pros about to soar into midair in the Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, next summer, its multimillion-dollar college tournament, its multimillion-dollar television contracts, its multimillion-dollar sneaker contracts for coaches?
Instead, he has denounced it as "a kangaroo court" stacked in favor of the accusers, "giving them all the time they want to prepare complaints while the accused gets only 90 days to respond."
It would be preferable, then, if instead of marking such sums with the familiar (but misleading) dollar sign, we had a new symbol.
"An auditor should not approve the accounts without knowing the extent of the fraud," said Lee J. Seidler, an accounting expert and a special associate director of Bear, Stearns & Company.
It was an opera of wisdom; it was an opera of foolishness.
N.C. State has picked off 13 passes this year and has caused 20 turnovers.
In Gabriel Garcia Marquez's haunting novella "Chronicle of a Death Foretold," a man is killed in full view of his neighbors, who all knew of the impending murder.
"Then later on I heard Dan call him a rabbit again."
Compactly built and never particularly good at sports, she fit into no popular stereotypes of a dancer.
Harvard 77, Columbia 76 Ralph James's driving lay-up with 1:12 to go put Harvard ahead to stay as the Crimson withstood a second-half charge from in an Ivy League contest at Levien Gym last night.
"But this is an acknowledgment of the reality that sometimes there are certain kinds of diplomacy and there are exceptions to the rule."
The painful and peculiar possibilities of hostile-family plays were more vividly realized in contemporary works like "Grownups" by Jules Feiffer and "Love Diatribe" by Harry Kondoleon.
Palestinian guerrillas made an amphibious landing in Israel's self-described "security zone" in southern Lebanon today, took 12 United Nations peacekeepers hostage and clashed with Israeli-backed militiamen.
But first he had a ceremonial duty on the Capitol steps.
Freed from the yoke of mozzarella and tomato, pizza has become a dumping ground for anything from sushi to kippered herring.
Then yesterday, when investigators called the police in Puerto Rico to report the arrest, they were told of five other slayings in which Mr. Beniquez was a suspect, including the killing of a police officer in the Virgin Islands for which he was wanted.
"Racial prejudices and fears have been inflamed," said Lawrence Powell, who teaches history at Tulane University in New Orleans.
AT HUDSON RIVER MUSEUM A quartet of new exhibitions is opening this weekend at the Hudson River Museum in Yonkers.
Trailing by 11 points at the start of the fourth quarter, Lafayette rallied behind Rexha, Desire and Antonio Carrasquillo to lead by a point with 15 seconds left.
His son is the director, a creator and an executive producer of the television show "Cheers."
Maybe that's basically what it is: a ritual of chores, a giant almanac as old as the Pyramids and the rising of the Dog Star, which has marked the onset of spring, and spring planting, since the first man, or woman, first put a seed in the ground.
"I always ask my parents if they're disappointed that they don't have any grandchildren yet," said Ms. Anstett, an office manager in Minneapolis who is an only child.
At stake is the future of Clark Air Base, Subic Bay Naval Station and four smaller installations whose lease expires Sept. 16.
The funniest line was delivered after Terance Mathis fielded a punt over his shoulder on his own 2-yard line and turned it into a 98-yard touchdown, tying an N.F.L.
"Perfect days have no formal menu schedule," Ms. Hollyn said.
* British Sky Broadcasting, London, to McCann-Erickson London, from in-house, with a budget of $42 million.
The brick building, set back from the road, is surrounded by grounds and a parking lot.
Peterson said he planned to sign six World League players, which doesn't include the two Kansas City players, quarterback Mike Elkins and linebacker Tracy Simien, who were loaned to the W.L.A.F.
'Oh, the Heat' That heat will be a factor when the 170 remaining riders, of the 198 who started the race in Lyon, travel Tuesday from Gap to Alpe d'Huez.
Mr. Conable not only enhanced the bank's image in Congress but also obtained a huge infusion of capital to further lending and technical assistance programs in more than 100 countries.
"It's regimented and it does not brook dissent.
It's the difference between 6 calories a serving and 8 calories.
"People always walk by and say, 'A black square -- isn't that stupid?
Davis, who is from the Bronx, won the title from another fighter promoted by Duva, Mark Breland, whom he knocked out in nine rounds in July.
Innocent children suffer in America as well.
This is because the pool of Federal matching dollars for Presidential candidates is likely to run out before the end of the primaries.
While riding out the storm in Yugoslavia, Kompas is emphasizing its tours elsewhere in Central and Eastern Europe and to the Soviet Union.
The financing also includes $1 billion of a one- year issue that matures Aug. 25, 1992; $413 million of a two- year issue due Aug. 25, 1993, and $687 million of a three-year issue due Aug. 25, 1994.
The Israeli office is primarily charged with cultivating scholarly exchanges, but it has also been permitted to issue Israeli visas.
Tomorrow at 7:30 P.M., the opportunity to see the work of young film makers arises again, when the film division of Columbia University's School of the Arts presents its fifth annual selection of the year's best shorts.
I eagerly assembled the ingredients to make this cherished delicacy and followed the recipe scrupulously.
confuses customers with too many brands and too many models in overlapping market segments.
But it must be administered within eight hours after the accident occurs to have any effect.
Tight end PAT KELLY suffered a concussion in the first quarter and missed the rest of the game, but Jets spokesman FRANK RAMOS said Kelly would be O.K.
But I also wanted it to last for five or six years.
Lisa Koshinski needed no signs to remind her that her husband Capt.
At a minimum, care should be taken to insure that any short-run stimulative action does not imply a widening of the deficit over the longer term.
That could bring Mr. Gorbachev back to power.
But today's action is not likely to end the debate between the futures and securities regulators and their respective industries because the legislation must still be reconciled with a House measure adopted last month.
Doctors and key Congressmen were justifiably outraged.
Mr. Runnels was born in 1928 in Lufkin and started his major league career in 1951 with the Washington Senators.
But he warned that economic recovery in this country "is likely to be a slow, gradual process" and noted that recessions continue in other countries, including Canada and Britain.
Ms. Byrne says she expects renewed access to the books to be of particular interest for those studying the science, culture and society of the 19th century.
Why the daughter, little Mahtob, goes so willingly to her aunt, who resembles a witch in a Disney cartoon, is one of the smaller questions the film raises.
announced last week that it would cut 20,000 employees worldwide, and is expected to report a loss for the fourth quarter and full year.
On the other hand, it is a practical challenge to a man's courage and personal integrity.
The magazine will be divided into three parts.
Why do those people in TV commercials sing, dance and jump around while drinking soda, the stand-up Jerry wonders.
The new law, called the FAIR Act, is the latest in a series of laws enacted in New Jersey since 1973 to control insurance costs.
Pinch-hitter Bobby Rose then stroked a shot to left field that Hensley Meulens leaped for and could not catch as a few fans competed with him for the ball.
On the lodge grounds are a motel (rooms, $84 a night, are often reserved well in advance) and a restaurant.
"Roses," Mr. Gilroy's autobiographical tale of a veteran and his Bronx family, originally opened on Broadway in 1964.
"Very candidly, no laws having been violated, I think we ought to move on to something more important," the President said.
Troubled Times on Wall St. After a difficult year in the markets, attention is focused on interest rates and the prospect of economic revival.
Melt the butter in a skillet and add the onion, garlic, mushrooms, celery, salt and pepper.
doorman, concierge, dining area, 2 exposures; common charge $709, taxes $8,520 (Broker: Corcoran Group) West Side 1.4 million 115 Central Park West (71st Street) (The Majestic) 3-bedroom, 4-bath, 2,600-sq.-ft. prewar co-op; 24-hr.
There are in the show letters with drawings by Piranesi and Ruskin and a receipt from Picasso to the art dealer Paul Rosenberg, with a sketch by the artist of a painting that Rosenberg had just bought.
If planning to tape the broadcast, be advised: because of pledge-week breaks, the 90-minute concert will be spread over two hours.
As many as 50,000 visitors pass through Georgetown on a weekend night, an influx that has prompted some of the more exclusive stores and restaurants to move to other locations, to be replaced by bars and sometimes seedy shops.
But David F. Robertson, vice president of the Nilson Report, a credit-card newsletter in Santa Monica, Calif., said the move made financial sense.
It shows where Mahler was going.
In the last week, the crisis in Yugoslavia has landed with a thud on the European house, a dwelling so often touted as a welcoming home for the battered nations of Eastern Europe, crashing through the roof like a rotting limb off a dead tree.
One evening, he was in tiny Weill Recital Hall for a violin recital, the next at the Metropolitan Opera for "Salome" or at the Carnegie Hall centennial gala or seeing "Les Miserables" with his wife and son.
By hitching would-be hits to the pervasiveness of television, the recording business found a marketing tool that brought it unprecedented profits.
When I think I can pull it off, I'll do it."
HAYDEN PLANETARIUM, American Museum of Natural History, Central Park West at 81st Street, Manhattan.
* Chiquita Brands International Inc., Cincinnati, a subsidiary of American Financial Corp., appointed Peter K. Shea president of its meat group.
And if spa life becomes too stifling, an appealing lineup of shops and art galleries beckons on East Ojai Avenue, just a block from the Oaks.
Mr. Lasko said about 40 percent of the mortgage applications were for refinancing, particularly as borrowers with adjustable-rate mortgages converted to fixed-rate loans.
Many stars' contracts specify that they must appear in all promotional materials.
Not surprisingly, the pictures reveal just how much gardens, like any other human construct, are subject to interpretation.
Silver fell in London to $4.51 an ounce from $4.52.
We did a piece on a program that teaches couples how to fight with each other."
At the Lollapalooza Festival, Corey Glover sang with a new banshee falsetto and a soul-shouter's rasp, while the rhythm section seemed to be running on rocket fuel.
Back in Hungary, the Puli herded sheep by day and the komondor guarded them at night; the couple, whose Fuzzy Farm kennel is a word play on Steve's profession, has been buying, breeding, and showing the two unusual breeds for 20 years.
Mares notes that there was no widespread extinction of species in the eastern United States after its forests were cleared.
said Judith D. Zuk, a former resident of the area who had worked long and hard to save trees along its path.
Today, President Fernando Collor de Mello sent Congress a bill that would allow all Government titles and certificates to be used at the auctions.
And they said a Commerce Department report showing that personal income fell by a tenth of 1 percent last month raised concerns about whether consumers have the wherewithal to bolster what already seems to be a tepid recovery.
"Things that the judge hears in chambers may not necessarily be admissible when you're trying the case."
Pointing the Finger at Tokyo Commerce Secretary Mosbacher became the first Administration official to blame Japan publicly for the United States's economic slump.
The hostages, Mr. Larijani said, are "for Iran a pure liability," although he denied that Teheran exercised decisive influence over their captors.
This was a good play for two reasons: It allowed a second finesse when East held the jack, and preserved the North-South communications when the finesse was due to fail.
Ticket prices are $15, $13 for students and the elderly.
To minimize potential corruption, the department plans to rotate inspectors so they will not make repeated visits to restaurants, require inspectors to bring in evidence of health hazards and explain closing orders in detail, and have supervisors double-check "approved" restaurants within 24 hours.
'Nothing Changes' "People thought a new India would be born with Rajiv Gandhi," Rajesh Kumar, an engineer, said near India Gate, the high stone arch on the eastern end of Raj Path.
In Venice, she made a black comedy called "Blame It on the Bellboy," with Bryan Brown and Dudley Moore.
Peter Gomes, Plummet Professor of Christian Morals, and Barbara Johnson, professor of English and comparative literature, spoke openly about their own homosexuality.
But for those who might have, the Anglican Bishop of Portsmouth gave it in one sentence: "It cannot be a victory when a wicked dictator remains in power."
So the posters will be concentrated near the places where media buyers work, live and dine, a strategy that has also been employed recently by magazines eager to catch the eye of agency people who buy print advertising space.
It's very disappointing that in a city as big as New York they should have such a hard time."
But there was one small hitch: the architect and the client had still not agreed on what they were building.
The heroin songs and the misogynistic tantrums are part of the Guns 'n' Roses legacy.
That involvement takes the form of weekly attendance at Sunday Mass, as well as a daylong meeting with the child's teacher and with other parents each month.
He is totally devoted to the chase.
Patrick only getting 7 shots was the most glaring thing.
Children who do not wave watch the large machines move through the dirt streets.
"But we need to have it done," said George Karcazes, a Chicago lawyer and former head of Orthodox Christian Laity, a group pressing for reform and unity in Orthodox churches.
Its stock fell 25 cents on the New York Stock Exchange today, to $31.75.
"We were able to make up the lower profit margins through increased sales, and our profits are up significantly on the Compaq line," he said.
Retail space in conjunction with new assisted housing usually is not possible, according to Kathryn Wylde, president of the Housing Partnership, because the obtainable rents are generally not high enough to support the cost of construction.
A more grandiose sensibility would do them in bronze and, perhaps, would lose the fleshy impact that comes with the pink and beige ceramic.
One example is the Church of the Holy Ghost near the town of Waiakoa.
One night, she steals apples from a tree near the cozy little cottage she has rented.
The President was expected to issue a statement later today.
It is a fundamental problem in the Slovak-Czech crisis today.
Besides Dr. Baker, the two others who voted against Ms. Tucker were Luis O. Reyes and Westina L. Matthews.
Mr. Bennett held many Government positions before becoming a dean at Baruch College.
Initially, the links between the Yugoslav Army and Serbian irregulars were covert.
After the tape wound up on national television, angry State Department officials barred the Ronnebergs from further visits.
"The measure was slaughtered," said Jim Morris, a spokesman for Robert Bartman, the Missouri Education Commissioner.
Loyola University New Orleans, July 11, 1991
"I said at the time that the Ohio action was unprecedented and unique," said Sue Osthoff, director of the National Clearinghouse of the Defense of Battered Women.
"It's a way to get somebody who's been arrested for drugs off into treatment into a noncriminal environment so the basic problem can be addressed."
Last year, aided by meteorologists and a Philadelphia rug dealer, Woven Legends, he sent a photo of the Earth's weather patterns to Kurdish weavers in Turkey, and asked them to make a carpet.
In a Spanish monotone, Vilas has developed a form of Latin rap.
Many working-class families spend lavishly on food for the monkeys, carting bags stuffed with eggs, fruity yogurt, peanuts, chocolate bars, loaves of white bread and little plastic containers of jelly.
The pair, now two of Washington's best-known Democratic consultants, worked again for Ms. Holtzman in her races for Brooklyn District Attorney and New York City Comptroller.
Mr. Hanley denied the accusations.
For the Catholic University Jan. 18 -- The Cardinals Dinner at the Waldorf-Astoria will benefit the academic programs of the Catholic University of America in Washington and honor eight American Roman Catholic cardinals.
To a large extent, the new framework will merely legalize the highly stylized and somewhat theatrical dynamic of church-state relations that has evolved since a liberal President, Emilio Portes Gil, promised Catholic hierarchs in 1929 that he would not enforce the Constitution if they in turn muffled their attacks against the Government.
Dan Rostenkowski and Dick Darman can hold their heads high, having preserved budget principles.
He has, as he writes in the new edition of his book "The Callas Legacy," "dealt with every scrap of recorded sound by Callas that I have been able to unearth."
Laid out in his dress greens, Christopher, who was 27 years old, looked every bit the sergeant.
Owners with demanding careers also have problems finding the time to take their dogs to the veterinarian and to the groomer, and that is where Leda Hanson steps in.
Our defense and rebounding have been solid, and eventually I believe the offense will come."
"Pearl," she said, is "a deadly, disastrous material."
27 Legislators outline plan to ease the city's fiscal plight 32 Report says the region's transit is better, but still bad 31 Governor Florio is facing a dilemma over prisons.
A MAN WITHOUT WORDS By Susan Schaller.
But that absurdity ends when individual or minority rights are trampled by the majority, or by a tyrannical AUT>Anthony Lewis is on vacation.
THE dollar may have recovered 10 to 20 percent of its value against other major currencies in recent months, but there is hardly a squeak of gratitude to be heard from Americans in Europe this summer.
This argument apparently was undercut, however, by Mr. Brady's contradictory singing of the Administration's domestic tune -- that the U.S. recession is coming to an end and recovery is about to begin.
His son's girlfriend, Anna Vacchio, said the younger Mr. Connor, who most recently worked driving a coffee truck, graduated from St. Dominick's High School in Oyster Bay, L.I., in 1988, and the others went to Carle Place High School and another neighboring school.
The man, Encarnacion Valdivia, known as Comandante Tigrillo, said he was now coordinating the efforts of four rearmed former contra field commanders, including Bolivar.
JACKIE WINSOR A 20-year retrospective of an artist whose post-minimal sculptures of the early 1970's brought art and craft into a new alliance.
9 * 5 19 LOVES MUSIC, LOVES TO DANCE, by Mary Higgins Clark.
We worked on it for the last couple of days."
The Italian financier Giancarlo Parretti, who is Pathe's president, traded 10 million shares of the MGM/ UA Communications Corporation to obtain an insurance bond three days before Pathe acquired MGM/UA, the film studio, in November, according to documents in a lawsuit obtained by The Los Angeles Times.
The Braves, who lagged nine and a half games behind the Dodgers at the All-Star break, ended the National League West race today by defeating the Houston Astros, 5-2, while the Dodgers lost in San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES RAIDERS -- Signed Steve Beuerlein, quarterback, to a two-year contract, and Nick Bell, running back.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The National Guard members participating here, who volunteered for the duty, are from the military police and have training in handling explosives.
Another effectively grim composition was "Gnawed Little Sorries," in which Kathleen Cruz and Kate Gyllenhaal clutched themselves with guilt and remorse.
The group, which has offices in Boston and Washington, petitioned the Nuclear Regulatory Commission in June for an immediate shutdown of the 31-year-old plant.
MAKING BUNNIES Gigi Carnes, historical interpreter for the Washington's Headquarters Museum in North Castle, will hold a free two-day adult workshop on Easter bunnies.
They said they were also unaware that the British counterpart of their agency had forced Hoffman-La Roche to lower the concentration and dose of Versed 10 months before the F.D.A.
For me, one moment in particular stands out.
For the year, Kroger reported net earnings of $82.4 million, or 95 cents a share, compared with a loss of $72.7 million in 1989.
The congress wants another conference on the violence to be held under the auspices of church leaders, a proposal endorced by some conference participants today.
The proposal for an international arms register was included in a separate statement, reflecting the difficulty in reaching agreement.
Behind the scenes, Northern and Southern entrepreneurs supported whichever side helped their ambitions to control railroad routes running westward.
However, the first tenant after decontrol has the right to challenge that rent if he believes it exceeds what is fair for the market.
Watch "America's Most Wanted," then go fugitive-spotting at the Port Authority.
It also makes their use an "illegal employment practice" under the 1964 Civil Rights Act.
A bountiful bowl of summer-sweet raspberries for $4 was a reasonable midwinter-blues buster.
A 'Leaden Autocrat' The word on Mr. Gonzalez, said a senior aide who takes soundings for the Democratic leadership, is that the chairman "has been autocratic in that he doesn't permit flowers beneath him to bloom, and leaden in that he has not been an activist."
* Landmark Land Co., Carmel, Calif., a real estate developer and holding company, has been notified that its common stock will be removed from trading on the American and Midwest Stock Exchanges.
Many of those immigrants came as part of a stream of professionals who began arriving from India's teeming urban centers after American immigration rules were liberalized in 1965.
Edwards's first 3-point play gave Miami a 94-92 lead.
But when she returned to Harvard in recent years, she once told a reporter, one professor was dismissive, taking her to be a spouse, rather than an alumna.
"We fear that the children will be at risk from ash particles' blowing around in one of the windiest places on the Island.
Alcoholism is a serious social problem these days, not to be made light of.
Investigators worked through the weekend, combing through documents at the firm's offices, but many questions remain unanswered, including what became of the remaining $10.4 million.
Beginning with William Daley and running through the current owners, Richard and David Jacobs, the club has had eight owners or ownership groups.
They said Mr. Holderman, 55 years old, had been diagnosed by his psychiatrist as suffering from manic depression, a condition in which a person's moods alternate between extreme depression and being elevated, expansive and grandiose, which contributed to his creative energy as well as to his profligate spending.
His obsession with "The Local Stigmatic," the actor explained, not only gave him a better grasp of the mechanics of film but was also the therapy that exorcised his personal demons.
The amount illegally discharged is small compared with the 1.8 billion gallons of sewage the city's 14 plants treat each day.
The refugees, he said, would probably be brought down from the mountains in trucks, although he cautioned that some of the mountain encampments were so remote they could only be reached by helicopter.
Mr. Carnogursky, who had been First Deputy Prime Minister, said today that he did not intend to make any substantial policy changes.
The theory is that a law's undue breadth might otherwise discourage valid First Amendment challenges by those who did not want to risk prosecution.
"Sometimes you feel like you're intruding," Hal said.
Mr. MacLachlan said his research showed that condensing without removal of the content resulted in improved comprehension and recall by viewers and listeners.
I hope Chairman Richard Breeden will preside over a comprehensive reassessment of disclosures and that it will have as a bedrock the needs of financial statement users, including government.
A professor of botanic pharmaceutical sciences at Trieste University, and like her son a confirmed pacifist, Laura Lokar believes that Marco's recent experience will make him stronger.
The company said for the purpose of calculating share earnings, income in fiscal 1990 has been adjusted upward by $ 21,398 because of application of the modified treasury stock method.Sales represented net sales.
The riots by detained Cubans took place at the maximum security Federal penitentiary in Atlanta and at the "low-medium security" Federal correctional institution in Oakdale.
Dr. Howard B. Krone, an Atlanta orthopedist who has bought shares in two imaging centers, said: "The whole thing is absurd.
Leigh Steinberg, the West Coast mega-agent who represents three first-round picks this year, said he doesn't share salary information.
"Texaco's U.S. wholesale gasoline prices fell 16 cents per gallon, while crude oil costs fell only 4 cents a gallon," he said.
Some of the most prominent players in the world continue to trickle into Germany to take advantage of the high playing fees and lavish perquisites offered by the sponsors of the Bundesliga club teams competition.
An original, ambitious and entirely successful novel that is partly about espionage but mostly about ordinary Russians of the Gorbachev generation.
Dan brought a particular kind of humor and wackiness and sort of an unexpected quality to it."
Conservatives are having good sport with liberalism's tyrants of tolerance, also known as the P.C.
This uncertainty was brought to the forefront with the Judiciary Committee's 7-to-7 split on Friday over whether to recommend Judge Thomas's confirmation.
"At best, the numbers support a rate of economic growth of only about 1 percent -- hardly fitting anyone's notion of a significant recovery," he said.
"His left arm, wasn't it?"
A Western ambassador in Riyadh, the Saudi capital, said it "marks the beginning of the end for Hussein."
Shake-ups were also anticipated in the K.G.B.
Combine chickpeas, tahini, water, lemon juice, garlic and tamari in food processor and process until well blended and smooth.
The second time was on a running play, the fumble at first charged to Brad Baxter but later charged to O'Brien because Baxter never touched the ball on the handoff.
The company is talking with Blockbuster, as well as "a number of other interested parties," about buying all its stores, a Cox spokesman, David Andersen, said.
All three list at $1,000 -- everything included.
"It's a nice fit for me," Mr. Ziegler said of his new post.
Marking an end to a tug-of-war that lasted a quarter of a century, the family of Jack Ruby has gained possession of the revolver that he used to kill Lee Harvey Oswald.
That version lacks amendments like the D'Amato ones so there is no assurance they would be in a final bill.
Finley (14-5) allowed both runs and six hits in seven innings, walked four and struck out two as he improved to 5-0 at Cleveland.
Local television and radio stations and newspapers provide free advertising; restaurants supply breakfast, lunch and a big barbecue dinner, plus a party for painters and homeowners when the work is done.
But, La Russa added: "He had a nice winter and a nice camp as far as getting himself into shape.
But it may take some time to adjust to this role."
Herbert Abramson, owner of Silver Lake Dodge in Wellesley Hill, Mass., hopes that new incentives announced today by the Chrysler Corporation, which extended rebates on leftover models and slapped them on selected 1992 models, will draw buyers to showrooms.
When it comes to comedy, Mr. Columbus said his approach was "to deal with it in terms of what makes me laugh," adding, "That's the cleanest and most honest way."
They transport the flowers in a van in the styrofoam box lined with ice packs that Mr. Coleman built.
And they say prices may go even higher if Soviet exports decline more or if Iraq does not go along with a United Nations plan to enable it to export $1.6 billion worth of oil.
This revealed the bad split and South picked up clubs easily, with the missing honors marked in the East hand.
As children play video games, a teacher speaks of the players "becoming socialized into the computer culture," which arouses worries about what the pupils are learning from somebody who talks that way.
Among Russia's neighbors, an alarm went off soon after the coup when Mr. Yeltsin and his aides seemed to be dictating the shape and course of the new Soviet Union.
He was his own man."
Memory prices soared that year because semiconductor companies were closing their 256-kilobit chip production facilities and retooling to produce the more efficient 1-megabit chips.
With that many new homes, the Soviet Jewish population of the Golan is certain to mushroom.
Despite his expressed feelings about recordings, Mr. Cherkassky has been remarkably well served in them during the past decade.
"If you have to, pull the bed out so you can paint over the canopy," she said.
Their work started smoothly enough, but as the presentation at Sydmonton drew closer, say those who were there, Mr. Lloyd Webber decided the lyrics were poor and enlisted Don Black, who co-wrote "The Phantom of the Opera," to work with Ms.
Sure, he could have used rippling muscles and flashing blue eyes; but confidence, astuteness and, of course, interest in me counted for far more.
Big Revenue Sources Nearly half of the increase in revenue would come from five items: elimination of the sales-tax exemption on adult clothing ($105.6 million), new and increased taxes on gasoline ($101 million, or several cents a gallon), a new fee on mortgages ($68 million), a new tax on commercial leases ($73 million) and higher fees for renewing vehicle registrations ($33.7 million).
The Soviets still operate two at Novovoronezhski and two at Kola, Bulgaria four at Kozloduy and Czechoslovakia two at Bohunice.
And there are always new things happening.
It has been in bankruptcy proceedings for 26 months.
He graduated from Avon Old Farms and the University of Denver.
The city's Consumer Affairs Commissioner, Mark Green, said: "Roulette is a game of chance, and poker is a game of skill and chance.
But Mr. Dinkins hit a sore spot, since the Council President's office, which costs $3.7 million a year, was greatly diminished by revisions in the City Charter two years ago.
Mr. Halperin attended the University of Southern California and in the early 1950's joined the public relations staff of Warner Brothers, where he worked on publicity for films starring James Dean.
Painted between 1968 and 1971, before Mr. Rand began his exhibition career, they are only now having their first full-fledged exposure in a beautiful, bittersweet show at Exit Art in SoHo.
It was the local headquarters of the guerrilla army of ethnic Tamils -- the so-called Tamil Tigers -- who are fighting to establish a separate state on this island.
But the report said Stanford failed to correct the 1986 and 1987 charges.
But though the elite teams got by in one fashion or another, other teams did not.
Mr. Maxwell had been at Fannie Mae, a Federally chartered, shareholder-owned financial institution that helps to finance home purchases, since 1981.
His father, who is retired, was the national sales vice president in Stamford, Conn., of Hilti Inc., a toolmaker.
"They are really proud of this."
's computer operations to allow NCR to start with a clean slate, according to Jack Grubman, who follows telecommunications for Paine Webber.
Since Munich, such marker events inevitably elicit from Presidents a powerful impulse to avoid appeasement.
That classic 19th-century publicity campaign began with planted letters from the countryside to big-city newspapers, reporting the appearance of an actual mermaid enroute to Barnum's show.
At New Milford Village, one-bedroom units rent for $600 to $650 and two-bedroom units for about $100 more.
In addition, Kemper has at least $600 million in commitments to real estate ventures that it has not yet financed.
And Mrs. Steiger said in Congressional testimony last July that the F.T.C.
Mr. Crane, 32, is an associate general counsel at ABB Energy Ventures in Princeton, N.J., a builder of power plants.
But instead of sticking around to blame his troubles on regulators, Joseph Mollicone Jr., the bank's president, vanished.
He had a good run, made money, felt great and can probably still get a pro job.
The talks between the Cubs and their perennial All-Star second baseman epitomize one of the developments created by the winter escalation in player salaries.
"This is the worst thing for a politician; he's being beaten with his own weapon," said Naum Dimitrijevic, a professor of linguistics who attended today's protest against the government.
Some of the bags dropped from the low-flying C-130 transport burst as they thud to the ground, sending hundreds of boys scurrying to scavenge the scattered grains.
Most don't have the S.A.T.
There was a time when Japanese auto makers only imported vehicles to the United States.
"And when they spoke, they spoke with a foreign accent."
And the 6 1/8 percent two-year notes dipped by 2/32, to 100 10/32, to yield 5.95 percent.
"I'm not a Broadway type of person," she said.
14 12 8 THE DECEIVER, by Frederick Forsyth.
I love the way Hunter plays.
Only nasty guys like Kocur and Mallette are able to camp out in front of the net against the oversized Capitals.
He also served on President Harry S. Truman's Commission on Migratory Labor and on the board of the United States Olympic Committee.
And he has remonstrated with those who take issue with the security that surrounds himself when, as chairman of the National Olympic Committee, he attends a soccer game.
Ms. Ulasewicz has been Bloomingdale's regional vice president for stores in White Plains; Bergen County, N.J.; Garden City, L.I., and Fresh Meadows, Queens.
Mr. Hollings expects regulatory authorities to keep the phone companies from overpaying their manufacturing affiliates for equipment or subsidizing the sale of their equipment to other users, at ratepayer expense.
A former chief purchasing officer in the Israeli Air Force was sentenced today to 13 years in prison for receiving $10 million in bribes and kickbacks on purchases of American-made equipment.
That's the way things are in California, where it seldom rains unless it pours.
Trenton Tries Strong Steps State regulators have increasingly split over the best way to handle troubled insurers.
A hallful of routiers looked up from their meals as we entered.
Their vigorous dissent is a hopeful sign that today's Soviet Union has come a long way from its totalitarian past, too far to retreat.
Halfaouine Written and directed by Ferid Boughedir; in Arabic with English subtitles; photography by Georges Barsky; edited by Moufida Tlatli; music by Anouar Braham; produced by Ahmed Baha Eddine Attia, Eliane Stutterheim and Hassen Daldoul.
"They're not affected by the recession in the United States," he said.
"We will not be hindered by anyone," Mr. Vallone, a Queens Democrat, said.
She added, "It's like being taken to a different land, to places you've never gone before."
"Last year, our sweet cherries were ready on June 28, but they are ready now," said Joan Fix at the Fix Brothers' Orchards here on White Birch Road.
The chairman of the House Banking Committee, Representative Henry B. Gonzalez, said today that he expected to have legislation to recapitalize the insurance fund through his committee and onto the House floor by the end of May.
Yet, of the three scenarios, win-lose, win-win or lose-lose, the win-lose scenario is not practical or possible.
The deteriorating quality was hidden by company employees through an apparently purposeful misclassification of records, which made some accounts that could not be recovered appear to be in better financial shape than that.
Add the asparagus in one layer, cover and cook over high heat for about 6 minutes, to the desired tenderness.
The officer who issues the traffic ticket often also gives a scolding.
See what arrangements, if any, the consultant has with hardware and software vendors.
The City Ballet's version of the 1870 classic with music by Delibes dates from 1974.
Even with staggered reservations, if you don't deal expeditiously with the first pre-theater arrivals and their orders are piled onto those of stragglers, then the cooks will head for Rome.
The New York Post has hired WILLIAM NORWICH, a former society columnist for The Daily News, to succeed AILEEN MEHLE (SUZY, that is), as The Post's society columnist, PETER S. KALIKOW, the newspaper's publisher, said yesterday.
Ms. Alldredge, a 36-year-old unemployed cashier and the mother of three children, said she had never before considered herself a feminist.
Guess, the jeans company of Georges Marciano and a prolific advertiser, shows the model Karen Mulder clad in sequined top hat, feathers and what looks like pieces of a chandelier remade into a crystal bikini.
Island Edition covered the mile in 1:35 to earn $28,200 (AP)
Revealing, for example, the arcane etiquette of Washington insiders, Mr. Tower shows how a seemingly innocuous conversation with James A. Baker 3d, the nominee for Secretary of State, amounted to "a non aggression pact" between the two men.
He and Henry Kissinger, they both speak in this gruff contemptuous manner, like, 'You're probably too stupid to understand this answer, but let me try anyway, Ted.'
Mr. Gaffney, who learned in 1987 that he was also infected, has been in court for five years.
Plausible madness, however, doesn't necessarily mean real madness.
But the new technology is filtering down to mid-priced racquets, too.
Ceramics boldly embellished with flowers evoke the heavenly garden.
To keep it going, Mr. Toppo said, "I'd like to see Rainbow become more of what it is."
Barbados Traffic Hit A weekend ticket to Barbados, which is now served on a direct-flight basis from New York only by American Airlines and B.W.I.A., is a difficult item at the moment.
Paulino, as Franco, makes one quick visit home to see Emilia, arriving in the middle of a seance, for the expected effect.
A 20-course Tuscan feast is served, during which Silvia's philandering father flirts with Angelo's elegant, widowed mother.
"In the final analysis, she had a better bead on my life," Mr. Reynolds says.
She graduated and received a law degree from Harvard University, where she was a member of the Hasty Pudding Society-Institute of 1770 and managing editor of The Harvard Law Record.
Officer Slain Chasing Robber An off-duty police officer was killed yesterday in a shootout with a robber he spotted holding up a man at a bank cash machine in Manhattan.
But Mr. Zimmermann now perceives improved leadership, leaner operations and brighter prospects.
Tax officials said they obtained evidence from bank records and statements by current and former employees.
The rail blast occurred at a branch track near Clapham Junction just before 6 A.M. No one was hurt, though a passenger train in the area was rocked.
He is also chairman of the United States Telephone Association, a national trade group.
Major Sebastian, a 39-year-old engineer from Orlando, Fla., said the marines would probably set up several water-purification points close to food distribution centers established by foreign and local relief teams along the coutry's badly damaged southeastern coast.
The most important change, continuing an effort begun three years ago to have the valuations conform more closely to market realities, is the establishment of a minimum price of 15 cents for the most common stamps, up from 5 cents.
"We have a four-team race going on here."
Board games from the 1920's to the 70's -- and books on the subject -- have been stocked for more than a decade at Mythology, 370 Columbus Avenue at 77th Street in Manhattan.
Maris hit his 61st home run on Oct. 1, 30 years ago in Yankee Stadium, "The House That Ruth Built."
NCR, target of a $110-a-share takeover bid, fell 1/8, to 101 7/8, after a new high of 102 1/4.
The museum is at 1130 State Street; (805) 963-4364.
"We are particularly grateful to you, especially for your visit to South Africa where in many respects you turned our country upside down."
"There will be some migration of jobs away from Omaha as a result of the changes at SAC," said C. Roberts Bell, president of the Greater Omaha Chamber of Commerce.
Aguilera struck out Espinoza with the tying run on second to end the game and get his 19th save.
"It is hard to kill, to fight someone when six months ago you were a friend," Prpic said.
"As for the team I'd choose, I think you'd have to go with the team that has played them once already.
"Many of these procedures are reimbursable," Dr. Daniels said.
The synthesizer parts drew heavily on new-age cliches, and several of the movements, particularly those accompanied by synthesized drums, sounded so much like second-rate film music that it was hard not to imagine lists of gaffers and unit publicists rolling up the silver screen.
As with many autodialer messages, the company sponsoring the message never revealed its identity, even, as Mr. Padula found, to those who called back at a charge of $9.95.
Jim Florio is just the latest politician to try to curb them.
A lawyer for General Noriega, Jon May, said in a letter to Mr. Horgan that he was convinced the violation of the judge's order was deliberate.
Are we in a recession?
The little republic of snow and yodels and numbered accounts is beautiful, staid, quaint and blissfully peaceful.
Empire, the nation's largest nonprofit health insurer, said it was discontinuing the association policies because of sharply rising expenses, which were made worse by a trend familiar to consumers and insurers across the country: The healthy younger members of a group drop out because they can find lower-priced insurance elsewhere.
Instead of an annual $50 fee, they will pay $1,076 every two years.
"But I still believe in the chances of peace," the French leader went on, "and France will work for peace right up to the last moment, as long as we stand by our principles.
Opposition to the proposed plan has already begun among Staten Island community groups and elected officials.
A software glitch caused concern -- later found to be misplaced -- that Prodigy was gaining access to the confidential computer files of its users.
By concentrating on energy sources, the tax would not penalize the least-developed members of the community.
The Surrogate's Reasoning While conceding that Mr. Baghoomian had "promoted and sold" Jean Michel Basquiat's work during his lifetime, the Surrogate, Renee R. Roth, found that the oral agreement was a consignment arrangement that ended when the artist died.
For instance, rules may be negated: under the famous Americans category, you could turn the "boxing greats" category into "not boxing greats."
The second part was to have included about two dozen F-15 fighter jets, three dozen Apaches, more than 200 additional M1-A2 tanks and several airframes for early-warning Awacs radar planes.
She said 3.5 million first graders last year were placed in remedial mathematics courses because they came from backgrounds of poverty and because teachers did not expect them to succeed at math.
Manuel Jaka, a driver, said he was moved by his customers' words of support.
("I read all I could in those early years in the warehouse -- Homer, Shakespeare, everything," he says later.
Pay for play would essentially protect owners from shelling out millions of dollars to unproven talent, say to someone like Michigan's Desmond Howard, by imposing a wage scale during a player's first three years in the league.
The general said Iraqi ground operations were limited to "sporadic artillery and rocket-launcher fire," and allied forces had responded with close air-support strikes and artillery attacks.
The companies' "greatest gains in profitability were directly tied" to the sharp increases in crude oil prices that occurred in the months after the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2, the report said.
The man said a heartfelt "Thank you," he said later.
"Caught in the Middle" confirmed that a timely subject does not guarantee a fresh or significant report.
Watching the Governor spar with reporters in SoHo on Thursday, the 57-year-old secretary for Samuel Levine Plumbing and Heating said that he was right to take his time.
Dave Smith got his 14th save by pitching the ninth.
Mr. Jones went on: "In an era when we have a tax bill every year, the chairman feels he should tell as many people as possible, and just as important find out their thinking.
"If the cross had been burned down at the corner, in the middle of the day, at a protest, that's probably not something you could prosecute," said Tom Foley, the Ramsey County Attorney.
Ms. Lynch graduated from Rosemont College and studied at the British American Drama Academy in Oxford, England, where she and her fiance met.
in 1936, joined in its activities.
One of the values of this single-volume biography is that certain of Churchill's lifelong attitudes emerge more clearly.
A spot check of the current "for sale" inventory for the Northeast shows that several of the properties -- including the two Toms River houses -- remain listed even though they have been sold for weeks, and even though Resolution Trust is trying to revise its listings every two weeks.
Place carrots in the center of the dish.
"It's a rat's nest in there sometimes," Mr. Eslinger said.
In 1985, the year before European sanctions were adopted, South Africa exported some $700 million worth of gold coins, iron and steel to community countries.
But in recent years, auto makers have improved paint, upholstery and warranty protection, reducing the need for many of the products.
It would create a flagrantly unjust system for deporting foreigners deemed to have terrorist connections -- using secret charges and secret evidence.
I always look forward to playing those two games."
In 1976, the city lost the potential of a generation of college graduates.
The economy appears to be growing again without pushing up the inflation rate.
The sport is especially appealing to women, said Pieter, because 90 percent of the movements involve kicking.
The Holiday Inn donated $5 million to the College of Hotel Administration, and the Summa Corporation gave $2 million to start the Howard Hughes College of Engineering.
"The quality of this credit is closely monitored by bankers and other lenders.
The leaves disappear at this time of year, but the bright red berries hang on for what seems forever, if the birds do not get them first.
The outbreak of the Iraq-Iran war in 1980 forced the meeting to be held elsewhere.
In 1985 the two disagreed on what direction the advertising should take, and Club Med abandoned Ammirati for the Ayer agency.
Earlier this year, Mr. Abrams's office obtained an injunction barring the company from using the site, and when the use continued they brought civil and criminal contempt charges.
WHILE Dave Fowler is pleased with the competitive achievements of his latest trio of young tennis proteges, he is especially proud of one quality they all share.
The World Jewish Congress called the vote "a victory for decency."
"You can't get away from it,' she said, "and you never will be able to."
By the 1980's, mainstream culture wanted to look as naughty as its children, and Ms. Leibovitz was happy to oblige.
Her most memorable classical portrayal was that of Princess Aurora in "The Sleeping Beauty."
A spokesman for the California Institute of Technology, builder of both Keck telescopes, said the resolving power of the two instruments working in tandem would allow them to distinguish between the two headlights of a car from a distance of 16,000 miles.
Last spring, he borrowed $60,000 and used his savings to renovate an adjacent campground.
The set for Alan Ayckbourn's comedy "Absent Friends" -- also at the Manhattan Theater Club and also by Mr. Beatty -- depicted a more traditional home, belonging to an upwardly mobile English couple.
Mr. Savino discussed business problems with VeneroMr.
may sell to investors the tax benefits from depreciation.
They were married three years ago, and have juggled life in a house in Washington and an apartment in the Bronx, where Dr. Macovski teaches English at Fordham University.
Only the Police and Fire Departments would be largely spared.
And when a consumer agency does cut its services, the savings to cities and states are often quite small.
If there is snow on the ground, the clinics will be held outdoors and participants should bring skiis and dress for the weather, Ms. Koch said.
It is not for the weak of heart.
Dr. Frank Press, president of the National Academy of Sciences, said one common element among those investigating cases and calling for institutional changes is that "everyone wants to do something about this without having to send inspectors into every lab to check the day's entries in the notebooks."
Stumbling Upon Treasures So, not surprisingly, on his walks Mr. Mathieson eventually stumbled on some history.
Mineola 180,000 177 Garfield Avenue 3-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 70-year-old Victorian; fireplace, front porch; taxes $2,600.
After the course ends, she said, she plans to study accounting at the college rather than immediately seek work.
(The real danger will come when others try to imitate him.)
Chris Morris hit only 3 of 18 shots for the Nets; Mookie Blaylock hit only 5 of 16, and Derrick Coleman hit 5 of 13.
One network estimated that the three networks combined lost commercials worth $15 million to $20 million while covering the hearings.
"The results for the fourth quarter indicate that the company has responded in a positive manner to the difficult retailing environment that exists today," Bruce Nordstrom, co-chairman, said in a statement.
At a time of economic doldrums in the city, when advertising is scarce, New York Newsday has used its Sunday surge to attract advertising that had been in The News.
"I saw excessive force more than one time."
But from the music, we are not sure what to make of the precocious boy.
There would never have been any question if Lansford had been hurt in another recreational pursuit: boogie boarding.
The chairman of the NCR Corporation said today that his company would move swiftly to combine its operations with those of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company.
The market has settled some in the last few months and spreads have fallen back to the 30 basis point range.
Moved Tim Naehring, shortstop, and Mike Miller, pitcher, from the 21- to the 60-day disabled list.
It also called for more money from Federal, state and local governments for drug treatment on demand to eliminate situations like that in New York City, where there are only 38,000 publicly financed treatment slots to handle the city's estimated 200,000 intravenous drug users, about half of whom are believed to be infected with the AIDS virus.
She succeeds, but not without personal sacrifice.
The complexities stem from the tight deadline mandated by the proposed budget of $200 million, which is to be voted on by the General Assembly.
Sales rose 5.6 percent, to $2.62 billion, from $2.48 billion a year earlier.
"I love seeing kids open to new things.
"I thought, 'Great, another bad luck thing,' " said Krickstein, "but if you can't get up for this match, you can't get up for anything."
Because the tax is keyed to a Federal tax definition, any Federal regulations that apply in calculating adjusted gross income in filing a 1040 form would apply to Connecticut's tax as well.
The tour, June 5 to 19, will make stops in Warsaw, Cracow, Auschwitz, Prague and Budapest.
Second, they persuade the Justices they have named to the Supreme Court to disregard plain legislative history about Congressional intent and sustain narrow executive branch readings as minimally plausible in interpretations of the law.
It was signed, "Fed Up."
It doesn't show the happy person the family wants remembered, like the photos by the porch door.
Even the short ones compare themselves to, what's his name, Spud Webb?"
The United States, he indicated, was giving Israel information about the military situation in western Iraq, where Iraq has fixed Scud missile sites and mobile launchers that have been attacking Israel.
His father is a vice president and a risk manager at Goldman, Sachs & Company in New York.
From 1984 to 1989, she also headed a special committee on women in the courts set up by the state bar.
As more grown-ups take part in Halloween, advertisers are taking notice.
And there are many -- there are a few others who are officers, quite a number are officers -- are African-American men and women who went to military academies or they used the benefits of the R.O.T.C.
In granting a motion to dismiss the lawsuit, Judge James T. Carlisle of Circuit Court agreed with the defendants that Price Waterhouse should also have sued Stanley R. Fimberg, Mr. Reynolds's former business manager.
Small wonder, then, that landscapists today, though they are proliferating, continue to approach the subject obliquely.
Jurors heard it cost $1 million, and they might have been forgiven a chuckle when Mr. Smith said he could not afford to fly first class from Washington to Palm Beach.
Dr. Nolan, a thoracic, or chest, surgeon, died of kidney failure due to diabetes, his brother, Dr. Thomas Nolan of Madison, Conn., said.
Waived Chris Thome, Brady Pierce and Paul Berardelli, offensive linemen; Ken Stills, safety; William Kirksey and Mac Stephens, linebackers; Carl Mims and Tony Jones, cornerbacks; James Pruitt, Darren Hughes and Anthony Owens, wide receivers; Scott Reagan, David Westbrooks and Steve Berg, defensive linemen; Brad Williams, punter; Chris Cochrane, quarterback, and Frank Griffin, tight end.
A memorial concert for the composer Elie Siegmeister is to take place at 8 P.M. on Monday at the Ethical Culture Society, Central Park West at 64th Street.
A Slew of Con Artists However, in addition to the legitimate consultants, there is a slew of con artists -- inexperienced or simply unprincipled -- who are likely to give clients very little value for their money.
In that event, his salary for '96 would be $6 million.
Not only has he recognized the Baltic states but, during a little-noticed trip to Kiev in November, he signed a treaty recognizing the Ukraine as a sovereign state and Russia's equal -- a move without precedent in Russian-Ukrainian relations.
There are already long lines waiting to get in when the restaurant opens in the morning.
City College faculty members and university administrators say that the president of the college, Dr. Bernard W. Harleston, appeared ready to seek police intervention on April 8, when students took over the main classroom building, the North Academic Center.
He recently dug up the Sept. 28, 1970 edition of The Echo, the student newspaper at John Dewey High School.
But six have been unearthed recently by Michael Brooks, an independent producer for Columbia Records.
They pointed their flashlights upward after hearing screams.
member to be shot as an informer by one-time comrades.
The bridegroom, 37, is a graduate of the University of Michigan.
Her mother teaches art at the South Orange Middle School.
Industry sources say about 9.3 million cassettes of "Fantasia," with a suggested price of $24.99, have been distributed, which would place it third on the all-time best-seller list, behind "E.T."
Still, "Water Totem" has the virtue of resembling the skeleton of a shark standing on its tail.
Far from applauding the transformation to centrism of a Socialist Government that set out to "change society" and force a "rupture" with capitalism, the opposition bewails that Mr. Mitterrand has stolen their thunder.
Mitchell Friedman, Bayside, Queens Answer: It depends.
A spokesman for the Allied Pilots Association, which represents American's 8,800 pilots, denied Mr. Crandall's assertion.
So she opened a shop on East 70th Street in 1986 and three years later, moved to larger quarters at 1027 Lexington Avenue near 74th Street (Telephone: (212) 772-3320).
"I came away from her going away party feeling that she was somewhat unstable and that in my case she had fantasized about my being interested in her romantically."
Top American players are paying more attention to the Ryder Cup team standings, which are based on points they have compiled from January 1990 through this year's P.G.A.
He also said the city should get some regular payments in lieu of taxes for services provided to the Federal, state and county institutions in the city.
We've got to make that up."
They then fled, taking 104 workers, the police said.
Many Canarsie residents, on the other hand, argue that their neighborhood has been unfairly portrayed by Mr. Sharpton and in news reports as a racist white enclave.
It is responsible for initiating policy, insuring that community laws are observed and carrying out legislation that it approves along with the community's other institutions.
He noted that President Bush had signed a major disaster declaration request for the United States territory in the South Pacific.
Metropolitan Digest, B1 BANKRUPTCY FOR THE DAILY NEWS The Daily News filed for Federal bankruptcy protection.
After a month of receiving power from the sun, Ms. Nelson's electric bill was less than $5.
Maybe Thomas said it best.
RANDY AND SHANNON Prater's gypsy family agreed to put Florin up for adoption, and soon he was staying with them in their temporary apartment in Bucharest.
Indeed, it includes only books by Americans.
But at least I'm making inferences and watching myself make those inferences.
"It's already got circles on it so kids can't do anything to it, and the boards are going the wrong way.
His "Alegrias" alternates staccato stamps with unexpected jumps.
The total still would not equal the 1.6 million tons of aerial munitions used in Europe by United States aircraft in World War II.
And Vernon Maxwell (22 points) hit several key outside shots to deflate the Knicks when they seemed to be gaining momentum.
"There were also times when there was good defensive pressure on the ball so they can't make the entry pass they want to make.
She is a candidate for a law degree from Cornell University.
Since then it has carried 35 million passengers more than 12 million miles, with no accidents and scarcely a graffito.
The day after the fire, Robby Lowry, the manager of the Social Security office in Rockingham, said he called undertakers to track down children of the workers who died.
"I thought the Mayor was truly moved by the pain that the budget cuts were going to bring to the children and families in New York," Mr. Canada said.
From $3,181 to $1,925 for Bypass Under the new fee schedule, as described today by the Department of Health and Human Services, the average payment for total hip joint replacement surgery on an elderly Medicare patient would drop from the current $2,111 to $1,888 next year and to $1,486 in 1996.
Latin music will dominate three of the four evenings of Midsummer Night's Swing on the Lincoln Center Plaza this week.
In court papers, the Homeless Family Rights Project said that from September 1990 to May of this year, at least 691 families with pregnant women or newborn infants were placed in barracks shelters in violation of the city's own policy.
In one tale, Mr. Chabon describes the proliferation of arguments that preceded the divorce of Nathan's parents, and he describes Nathan watching one particularly vociferous argument about a small paring knife that belongs in the kitchen of the house they have rented for the summer: Mr. Shapiro wants to steal the knife, his wife is aghast at his suggestion.
And if additional states initially refused to sign up, the mere act of the Americans and Soviets promoting this ban would make procuring ballistic missiles wicked rather than wonderful.
But its effort to take the chain national bombed.
Few Investments Come In India attracted only $70 million worth of foreign investment last year, compared with $480 million even in the Philippines, Mr. Kapur said.
Malcolm is excited about Mark's discovery of a pair of jaws and other parts of a skeleton of Zalambdalestes.
Mandelbaum Mooney Ashley, San Francisco, was awarded the $6 million advertising account of the Shakey's Inc. pizza chain of South San Francisco, Calif., after a review.
John L., 28, Air Force, Niceville, Fla. PHILLIS, Capt.
Judge Weiner's penchant for juggling several tasks at a time extends off the bench.
"But we are quite pleased with what we got out of it, and we think there are some mild positives, politically."
New Agressiveness The Silwan events are part of a new aggressiveness being shown by Jewish settlers, not only in Jerusalem but also in the occupied West Bank, where in recent days they have come into frequent conflict with an increasingly exasperated Israeli Army.
Self-identification is a complex issue for Israeli Arabs since the word "Palestinian" has gained recognition even in Israel, where it used to be publicly shunned by Arabs and Jews.
Rally in Blue Chips Blue-chip stocks, which were down in early trading and throughout most of the day, made a strong comeback, helping a Dow that was off as much 34.66 points in afternoon trading cut half its losses.
Prosecutors identified those arrested as Marta Concepcion, age unknown, of 620 Manida Street in the Hunt's Point section of the Bronx; Ana Morillo, 41 years old, of 1971 Grand Avenue in the Morris Heights section of the Bronx; Maria Ramirez, 37, of 69 West 225th Street in the Kingsbridge section of the Bronx; Myra Collado, 25, of 351 Wadsworth Avenue in Manhattan; Dinora Caba, 35, of 111 Marble Hill Avenue in the Kingsbridge section of the Bronx, and Jane Arrendell, 22, of 567 West 125th Street in Manhattan.
In November, Prince Sihanouk is scheduled to return to Phnom Penh, the Cambodian capital, for the first time since the city fell to invading Vietnamese forces early in January, 1979.
EAST VILLAGE WALKING TOUR, Manhattan.
2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes 1 tablespoon sesame oil 1 tablespoon soy sauce 1.
As one astronaut pointed a flashlight into a computer panel stuffed with bundles of cables, another astronaut snipped the designated wire.
Choose screws that are twice as long as the lumber is thick.
Flanked by Mr. Yeltsin and the leaders of nine other republics, the man who six years earlier first loosed the democratic processes that created this Congress now sternly demanded that it fulfill its purpose by clearing the way for the new era.
In 1980, in Pruneyard v. Robins, the United States Supreme Court ruled that the First Amendment does not permit public access to a shopping center for noncommercial purposes against the wishes of the property owner.
Greg Gagne's string of errorless games ended at 76, the second-longest streak for a shortstop in league history and third-longest in baseball history.
Paraguay wanted to try him on charges of illegal enrichment.In his defense, Stroessner Mora, a 46-year-old air force colonel, said he was being persecuted because he planned to run for the presidency of Paraguay in 1993.
Even makers of silverware, an industry that nearly vanished, are saying that business is up.
A color Macintosh that was announced at the same time as the Classic, it is also scarce and will remain so for at least a month, Apple says.
"You flip a switch, it runs on natural gas.
Not only the return to the physician investors, but also the rate of return for each scan, rises with the total number of scans performed.
Mills had 10 tackles to go with his interception, and fellow linebacker Pat Swilling had three tackles and a sack, his third of the year for the Saints.
"I'm just so excited, I think I'll pop," she said tonight, ending a day of frantic housecleaning and shopping.
"I guess I've been around for a long time," said the 35-year-old Malone, now in his 15th professional season.
Transit were able to come up with only a name, Domenico Mortellito -- not much, but it was a start.
"After all, it's his livelihood.
The most damaging assault on the industry's pricing strategies, however, may have come from Dell, of Austin, Tex.
These trends surfaced over the last few months, as city budget analysts began preparing what became known as Mayor David N. Dinkins's "doomsday budget," with deep cuts in city services that many worried might finally push the city over the edge.
Statistics show a gender gap: 57 percent of men in a recent Times poll favored military action if Iraq does not withdraw from Kuwait by Tuesday's deadline, while 37 percent said we should give sanctions more time to work.
Last year, the Senate Democrats voted unanimously against a revenue bill that included $1.8 billion in new taxes and fees.
Many other ideas are also under discussion to help limit the size of the fare increase on the subway and buses, transit officials and board members said.
But the price supports are increasingly unpopular in Washington because they drive up the cost of consumer products -- by $3 billion annually according to critics -- and undermine the Bush Administration's credibility when it pushes other Governments to support freer trade.
And this was a plain destruction of the U.S.S.R. Constitution.
The Dow rose 9.84, to 3,071.78.
Officially pegged at 22.5 dinars to the dollar by the national Government, banks in Croatia and Slovenia have effectively devalued the currency as much as 65 percent.
We should take the peace dividend and use to it take care of the problems that we've got.
Truffle scientists say a tree can produce truffles until it is about 60.
'Follow the Law and the Facts' "You don't do things to establish history," he said.
Mr. Hussein's officials have reneged on an agreement with Kurdish political leaders to end a monthlong economic blockade imposed on the north, instead closing roads and confiscating food and fuel from the few cars they let through.
Mr. Denson was among the opponents of the plan, which had sharply divided the 5,000-member tribe.
Mr. Rendell's and Mr. Rizzo's positions are polar opposites.
A tax cut would give us a reason to party.
"Kennedy did business by the telephone," he said.
The craft is propelled by a 3,500-horsepower turbo diesel engine with enough power to pull a train or drive a warship.
"When you start playing the foreign exchange game you are adding risk to the equation," Mr. Meredith said.
"Indians who seek the return of art objects have to prove they were taken illegally," she said.
In addition, the formal gardens extend deeply behind the main building to a magnificent double-tiered staircase, which leads to terraces providing sumptuous views of the Residenz complex.
as far as this industry is concerned has been total."
In 1960, he helped found Air Treads Inc., a retreader and retailer of commercial and military aircraft tires with seven plants in the United States and Canada.
Three unpublished canon texts believed to be by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart have been found at Harvard University.
"You get a lot of images that conflict," Mr. Washburn said.
"They buy six tulip bulbs instead of investing $50 to $100 on a whole display, and planting in big blocks."
Haitian legislators have announced they will not meet with President Jean-Bertrand Aristide as required in an agreement they signed with the O.A.S.
"The Shawl," an attempt to copy Molly Picon's evocation of a woman's struggles, just didn't squeeze the requisite tear.
Astronauts aboard the space shuttle Discovery guided the craft through a series of flips and twists high above Earth today in a critical "Star Wars" experiment delayed by an errant satellite.
Nevertheless, "There is no way of retrieving any equity until the building increases in value," said Mr. Carter.
MARIO MARRA scored three touchdown as Lawrence routed Mac Arthur, 30-8. .
To the Editor: "Can Foie Gras Aid the Heart?
"God's Stepchildren" is just one of the cascade of highlights of Landmarks, Breakthroughs and Milestones in Black Film History, the richly detailed five-week retrospective beginning today at the Film Forum.
Dr. Donald H. Smith, chairman of the CUNY African American Network, a group of faculty members, administrators and staff of African descent at the university, called the trustees' decision "unfair" to Dr. Jeffries.
Robert May, chairman of the industry group, said the proposal was not intended to address reporting by auditors but instead aimed at improving controls at companies.
This permits the spirit displayed in the central medallion to rise from the ground into the blanket, giving the wearer special powers.
The 650-year-old covered wooden bridge, often restored, is adorned with 120 gable paintings representing the legend of St. Leodegar and the origins of the city.
We had what I would characterize as a moribund police department: morale was low.
Mr. Anderson also has said the accidents were caused mainly by people driving too fast for the poor road conditions.
As Mrs. Lamb sees it, Professor Hill has now written her own kind of letter.
Rain is filling the sunken well around the outside of my basement window, and water runs under the window on to the basement floor.
I've done that in my life, when I first started, but I haven't done it since 'Sleeper.'
The Syrian had held up an old "wanted" photograph of the Israeli Prime Minister, Yitzhak Shamir, during Mr. Shamir's underground days, and also engaged in vitriolic exchanges with the Israelis.
Many were prepared to accept conspiracies, but few were able to adopt the film as a route to understanding them.
Ms. Strossen, 40 years old, a professor of constitutional law at New York Law School, was elected on the second ballot of the group's directors.
Money can be changed -- New Zealand dollars are the currency used -- and traveler's checks cashed at the banks in Avarua.
Even in the last few years, they have included suspects in Irish gun-running and Edwin P. Wilson, the rogue American intelligence agent who sold arms to Libya and tried to kill his prosecutors.
Cut in the shortening until the mixture resembles coarse meal.
"We do it because Jesus Christ commands us to do it," said Capt.
For years the Soviet Union and other Communist-bloc nations used state-sponsored basketball "pros," but for the first time, N.B.A.
If using a stovetop grill, prepare.
According to Leading National Advertisers, spending on Ruffles totaled $2.3 million during the first six months of 1991.
Mr. Norris was one of 7 finalists chosen from 35 nominees between 16 and 67 years old.
A Japanese ivory netsuke, a palm-sized toggle four inches high in the form of a grazing horse, brought $257,180 at Sotheby's in London in May.
Some wrote Jim Leyland that he was a hero.
The hotel will be operated by Mr. Liuzza's company, the International Hotel Management Company, but he said that he is negotiating now with both Holiday Inn Express and the Hampton Inn chains and that the hotel eventually will be a franchise of one of those.
The Soviet space enterprise is the world's largest and mostactive, forged in the cauldron of the cold war.
The quantity of equipment, The Post said, was not enough to produce enough enriched uranium for even a single nuclear bomb but was significant in the transfer of technology that it represented.
Edward Doherty, president of the Boston Teachers Union, said the union would appeal that ruling.
The senior long-term debt ratings of the Marriott Corporation, the hotel operator based in Bethesda, Md., have been downgraded by Moody's Investors Service to Baa3, from Baa2.
The winners could well make the chip that will come to dominate the business.
Smith took his place in the final quarter.
The only reason anyone in the private sector has for investing in technology is to try to gain or improve a competitive advantage.
His "Vega" chair has fanglike legs and a profile reminiscent of a motorcycle; his chaise longue suggests nothing so much as an unusually svelte shark.
"With C. elegans, you can interfere with the musculature and the nervous system to the point where it can't move, but it can still reproduce," said Dr. H. Robert Horvitz, a geneticist at Massachusetts Institute of Technology who worked with Dr. Brenner in the early days of C. elegans.
"In our last series, a Michigan State punt had backed us up on our own 30-yard line and we never got beyond our 41.
In the eyes of its critics, notably Public Citizen, an organization founded by Ralph Nader that has mounted a vigorous campaign against the council, its machinations have been potent indeed.
"It's true that Mr. Greenbaum has been objecting to the exclusion of whites," Mr. Nosair's lawyer, William M. Kunstler, said Friday while the trial was in recess.
Pamela Deidre Kelly, a daughter of Mrs. James M. Kelly of Beverly, Mass., and the late Mr. Kelly, was married yesterday to Andrew Whitmore Robertson, the son of Olivia G. Robertson of Foxboro, Mass., and Eugene C. Robertson of Washington.
And in western Germany, where nearly half the attacks have taken place, there is no pattern of poverty or social dislocation.
The Wrong Chant "I don't think we're out of it yet," said Coach Rollie Massimino.
Other House Moves In other action today, the House Banking Committee approved by voice vote a measure sponsored by Representative John W. Cox, Democrat of Illinois, that would give the deposit insurance corporation the authority to borrow money from banks instead of the Treasury.
At 9 and 11 A.M. next Sunday, "O Sing Unto the Lord a New Song" by Healy Willan, "Canon of Praise for Easter Morning" by Allan Robert Petker, with choir, organ, brass quintet and percussion.
"Pawnbrokers realize that more and more, people are stepping into their shops for the first time."
Even in the relative calm of the prewar days, the organization's quota was more of a goal than a limit.
The story of the troubled Lincoln Savings and Loan Association moved one step closer to completion today when the Great Western Financial Corporation said it had agreed to acquire Lincoln's 28 branches from the Federal Government.
What the actual state of affairs is may be known at the highest levels of government, but I doubt that the Bush Administration is willing to divulge what is known.
The $150 million Rose Building, which has been named for the founders of Rose Associates, the New York real-estate firm whose chairman, Frederick Rose, made the major gift toward its construction, serves as a base on which rises both its own shorter tower and the tall condominium tower.
Mr. Costner follows in a long tradition of literary and cinematic heroes who have discovered Indians.
Mark Recchi and Bryan Trottier each scored twice and Jaromir Jagr had one goal and an assist as the Pittsburgh Penguins defeated the Quebec Nordiques, 6-3, today.
Groups are usually no more than 15.
Aficionados -- what the Haitians call les vrai melomanes -- would explain this as evidence of the breadth and suppleness of real Haitian compas rhythms.
"Lotfi came down to see the models.
Re-enactments are filmed at the scene of the crime, using local police detectives to portray the victim and the attacker.
Senator Joseph Biden released his version of a crime bill yesterday and while it contains many of the Bush bill's provisions, it would provide $1 billion in criminal justice aid to the states.
Lawyers say a fine balance has to be maintained between a compassionate response to the troubled tenant and the fiduciary responsbility of board members to all other residents.
Along with the bodies lay the booty that the Iraqis had been trying to take home.
Six Celtics scored in double figures.
There remains, of course, one supreme test.
A Year of Touring After a year of touring, the band took slightly more time to make "Gumbo Millennium," which was released in 1990, with songs that address, among other topics, the Exxon Valdez oil spill, slasher films, racism, the afterlife and lost love, with music that stomps and zooms and cackles and struts.
Does he truly believe that in 1935, when Thurgood Marshall entered the civil rights battle, he would have been considered for the office of assistant attorney general of Missouri or that he would have been hired as in-house counsel by Monsanto Chemical Corporation?
He said only 5 of the 1,162 were caught shoplifting at those stores again.
You grow old very quickly."
We significantly misjudged the percentage of Soviet G.N.P.
By the book he does, but it wouldn't be a bad idea if his agent did not bring up this outing at the next contract negotiation.
650 Missions Against Troops About 650 missions were flown against Iraqi troop emplacements, part of a campaign to wear down their numbers and fighting ability.
In the same period, the value of city contracts awarded to minority companies in open bidding shrank to $21.3 million from $65 million.
And the Federal Trade Commission has notified Intel that it is investigating the company's business practices.
While the targets can be attacked out of sequence, pilots run a greater risk of enemy fire or higher possible civilian casualties.
Three gang members were shot, but no passers-by were injured.
Does affluence present special problems?
Doctors say they do not yet know whether complications from the injury will keep him from playing for any team the rest of the year, or permanently.
After consultations with this doctor and that expert led to no consensus, she wondered if the problem in her legs might be straightened out with her head.
Navy with a white edging is one of the color combinations: It accompanies a navy and white striped silk shirt.
We granted certiorari to resolve the obvious conflict between the Fourth, Seventh and 11th Circuits on this issue, and to address the important and difficult question whether an employer, seeking to protect potential fetuses, may discriminate against women just because of their ability to become pregnant.
Because the Bears did not commit a penalty, moved the football for 319 yards and on 8 of 13 drives reached Detroit territory, Coach Mike Ditka viewed the game differently.
because they lacked temperament and/or vigor necessary to respond to the impulse celebrated in the lyric.
At the age of 67, after almost 40 years in the music business, Mr. Johnson has reached a momentous juncture in his career: He has just released his first major-label solo album, "Johnnie B.
I. M. Pei's glass pyramid in the courtyard of the Louvre enraged traditionalists, as did James Stirling's polychromatic Clore Gallery at the Tate.
Those numbers sound offensive, but the most troubling aspect about the season-ending loss was that it forced the Bears into a hurry-up practice schedule to get ready for the Cowboys.
Stephens still disapproves of her running, but he understands that White's will is stronger than his objections.
'Natural' and 'Real' A woman struggling with two bags veered toward him.
Comparing the woman's trial testimony with earlier statements she had given to the police, Mr. Black noted inconsistencies at several stages of her version of events: when he had first proposed going for a swim and whether he had kissed her before or afterward; the words he used to invite her into the Kennedy estate; whether she had fallen to the ground or simply stumbled after she said Mr. Smith had tackled her at the top of the stairs; and how far from the house the purported rape occurred.
She said fundamental support stemmed partly from jitters about possibly tight supplies of Soviet crude and heating oil available for export to Europe.
Frey Isn't Worried Now "I'm not going to worry about deadlines right now," Jim Frey, the Cubs' general manager, said.
The Carl's Jr. franchise will open 15 fast-food restaurants in northern Mexico in the next 15 years, the newspaper El Norte said today.
In addition, the organic compounds in wood smoke have been linked to cancer, heart disease and disorders of the central nervous system, although the evidence is inconclusive.
In the 1950's, cafes were dark places filled with cigarette smoke and bohemians.
In voting this weekend, 87.5 percent of the union members favored ratification, said Bill Casstevens, the U.A.W.
Harvard, with the benefit of a jumped start that was ignored by the starter, grabbed an early half-boat-length lead.
9 5 6 THE FOURTH K, by Mario Puzo.
But, as a spokesman for the Bureau of Engraving and Printing was quick to note yesterday, the stamps still serve their purpose.
Has our literary world the last 50 years truly been bereft of a James Joyce, Ernest Hemingway or Marcel Proust?
The competing bidder, the Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company, a unit of Tenneco Inc., filed suit challenging the award.
Mr. Owen has been pretending to be a roofer, carpenter, painter, plumber, electrician and virtuoso handler of Formica and Sheetrock.
Residents of about 2,500 buildings -- more than half of them in Manhattan -- scrambled to cope with the loss of those who tote garbage from chutes to sidewalks, screen visitors, keep an eye on elderly tenants and ferry people between floors, while the striking workers carried red and white picket signs in a steady rain.
That's what we're paid for."
And that 5 percent would have to be in paper with the second-highest rating.
Mr. Thornburgh said such proceedings "all but nullified the death penalty in 36 states."
Mr. Cranston, who has prostate cancer, announced last year that he would not seek re-election to a fourth term in 1992.
At the time he had been a member of the American Volunteer Ambulance Corps in France, where he had attended school as a boy.
In July, California repealed its long-established exemption on sales taxes for all periodicals, which means newspapers and magazines must now pay up to 8.25 percent in taxes on circulation revenues, plus bear the added administrative costs involved with such a tax.
"That's not going to add to their ability to control a game," Bobby Brown, American League president, said.
Last year, when digital audio tape sales were expected to boom, only 150,000 players were sold.
Asked how the remark had been received in the Lubyanka, Colonel Tsarev said: "Probably he thinks he should go the Western way, with political appointees at the head of the agency.
DALLAS COWBOYS -- Signed Jack Del Rio, linebacker to a three-year contract.
While attending high school he developed an affinity for American soul artists like Wilson Pickett and Otis Redding.
No one knows exactly how many people are afflicted with this condition, but doctors at the University of Pittsburgh transplant institute say it is not very common.
Mr. Bush did not seem to intend his remarks as a counterpoint to the Pentagon's upbeat assessments of the progress of the boming campaign.
Dr. Payton quoted him as saying, "If the people can't come to Tuskegee, then Tuskegee will go to the people."
But many officials say the problem is more complex.
Wait until the ground freezes to mulch the beds.
"I'd played with the idea before, but I was never sure of my abilities," he recalled.
Ms. Gerber also hires four or five men every weekend to help her complete the displays and, after showtime starts, several off-duty police officers as traffic controllers.
That growth will be treated by a gamma knife, a 20-ton machine in a lead-lined room.
In his appeal to the United States Supreme Court, Lucas v. South Carolina Coastal Council, No.
"Obviously, the next couple of games at home are tough," Vandeweghe said.
"Almost like I'd never been hurt, like I'd never left the mound."
Others, like Mutual Benefit, got in trouble by investing in shaky real estate and by issuing guaranteed investment contracts that locked the insurance company into paying high, fixed rates to policyholders.
He watches it over and over.
"She has refused to be bribed into silence by permanent exile.
The Labor Department report showed unemployment in June climbing to 7.0 percent but also included indications of economic strength.
However, she seemed to be having a difficult time on his E.E.O.C.
For the neighborhood, it is a loss of smells and tastes and heritage, the sort of social landmark that defined a community for three generations.
Consumer prices rose four-tenths of 1 percent in January, eight-tenths without food and energy.
Bullard's shot gave the Rockets a 97-96 lead.
It's hard but not impossible to eat boiled peanuts while you drive.
"And he admitted to me that although his public position was to reduce the size of the committee, that, as he put it, if I would have been more willing to cooperate, then he would have been more willing to go to bat for me.
The demographics indicate that her most loyal fans are women between the ages of 18 and 34.
Shurmur spoke of Brent Jones and Jamie Williams, who used last season as a springboard to greater achievements this season.
Under last year's budget agreement, new spending must be offset by new revenues or by cuts in other programs -- except for emergencies.
A romance in the Amazonian wilderness is beset by a series of natural disasters.
Rather than calling the reservations takers, individual passengers should get in touch with a Mexicana sales office, like the one in New York.
This fall, however, Smith felt that Marinovich no longer seemed to pay attention to details and lacked emotional fire.
Those who admire smooth finishes and those who like the character of a rougher grain could take their pick.
But the biggest threat to Gramps's authority is posed by the dapper gentleman in the gray suit and gloves (Nathan Lane), who shows up, as discreetly as a mortician at a banker's funeral, and indicates, shortly after the family battle lines have been drawn, that it's the old man's time to go "where the woodbine twineth."
Sitting in a circle of folding chairs in the basement of the Cathedral of St. John the Divine, the four young men look like a group that would rather be outside playing basketball.
Burlington Resources was formed in 1988 from the real estate, timber, mineral and other non-real estate holdings of the old Burlington Northern Inc. Burlington Northern reported revenues of $1.82 billion last year.
He said that he and other Syrians would not even shake hands or talk with Israelis until "after the withdrawal from the Golan."
Rosenbaum won the opening trump lead in the dummy, finessed the club queen successfully, and cashed his diamond winners.
Homemade* 5 cents Deep color; good balance of vegetable and chicken flavors, rich.
It says students are to be "honest; live a chaste and virtuous life; obey the law; use clean language; respect others; abstain from alcoholic beverages, tobacco, tea, coffee and drug abuse."
Travel Confidential's publisher, Paul L. Edwards, says he is merely collecting and distributing public information.
To me what I am doing is natural.
Before such willful blindness, we refused to disappear or to accept a distorted identity.
On one side, the Jewish Defense Organization, an offshoot created by former members of Mr. Kahane's Jewish Defense League who include the rabbi's son, Binyamin, have repeatedly called for revenge.
I do so with no sense of satisfaction, for the people of the United States have no quarrel with the people of Iraq.
Ed Ratushny, professor of criminal and constitutional law at the University of Ottawa, commented: "For this Government, the potential impact could be devastating.
Coach Marv Levy of Buffalo wouldn't presume to say what has happened to the Giants this year.
But about Charles Ives's Trio for violin, cello and piano (1904-11) there could be no mistake.
(Ages 5 to 9) Among the most eccentric of the new author-illustrators of children's books is Anthony Browne, an Englishman whose work stands out for its fine craftsmanship, its dark humor and its enigmatic poetry.
Perfect for a vacation mood is the Travel Tags style, a takeoff on Art Deco luggage stickers, with destinations in many languages.
Sad Showing at Retail For the nation's retailers, the holidays are usually the best season.
The accompanying figures are for 1990 and are provided by the Television Bureau of Advertising, the Cable Television Advertising Bureau and the Special Events Report.
It is on the site of the former East Side Airlines Terminal on First Avenue between 37th and 38th Streets.
"There never was that much material to start with," Mr. Sheinberg said.
"You don't want a dreamer," he said.
Kimberly Ann Lutz, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William John Lutz Jr. of West Islip, L.I., was married last evening to Alan Steven Gould, a son of Dr. and Mrs. Marvin Gould of Springfield, N.J.
"I was worried that we'd get buried by all the other Christmas-week blockbusters, but the word of mouth on the movie is great," Mr. Depp said.
Still, to satisfy regulators that the risks were minimal, the scientists need a method for monitoring the dump site.
Genteel Surroundings The game is staged amid one of the more genteel pre-game settings in the football world.
In lower Manhattan, where Jacob Riis chronicled the squalor of crowded slums a century ago, 60 immigrants had until recently been living in cold windowless cubicles smaller than jail cells.
He said, 'Naw, never know if you get injured like that.'
DRINKING DRY CLOUDS: Stories From Wyoming.
In a skillet over medium heat, cook the bacon until fairly crisp.
The real hostages today, she said, "are American school children, the nation's 3 million homeless people, the 20 million Americans who experience hunger every day and the 37 million Americans who have no health insurance."
"But instead he kicked the grille of my car.
Scallop flan arrived unappetizingly cold along with cold grilled scallops, mixed vegetable ravioli and a ginger vinaigrette.
He said he believes the news about the trend of delaying marriages "is that these numbers may represent historical highs," and added, "I wouldn't be surprised to see that the trend toward delayed marriage has gone about as far as it can go."
Both had voices of magnificent power and temperaments capable (in their different ways) of rising to the animal energy that drives Otello, but also qualities of inwardness and reflection, and the vocal control to sing beautifully and with quality at soft dynamics.
The association also expects to renovate a larger city-owned building with 24 apartments and five stores at DeGraw and Kane Streets.
But when rules were adopted for the 1979 season to increase passing and open up offenses, games began to stretch beyond the three-hour mark.
The judge, Theodore Jones of State Supreme Court in Brooklyn, said that more than 75 percent of the grand jury witnesses contacted by the Brooklyn District Attorney, Charles J. Hynes, were opposed to having the minutes released.
Tim Scopt Grady Kilgore .
Lithuanian officials reacted ambivalently today to the announcement that the United States was granting diplmatic recognition to their Government.
If Mr. McMillen wins and all the other incumbents survive, the Maryland delegation would go from five Democrats and three Republicans to six and two.
He died of pneumonia, his family said.
The Russians, military and civilian advisers both, never had very much to sell or barter.
David Glass, president and chief executive of Wal-Mart, described the year just ended as "one of tremendous challenge and opportunity."
"It is obviously a speculative investment," Mr. Nussbacher said.
She said she is currently having a fax affair with a Frenchman who saw the program when he was in New York City.
Without the responsibility of a permanent collection, the gallery will be free to adapt itself to contemporary currents.
Her mother is the executive director of the Society of Mayflower Descendants in the State of New York.
Special Expeditions, 720 Fifth Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10019; (212) 765-7740; (800) 762-0003 outside New York State.
But there's extra large and extra large, and besides my neck is scrawny, compared to my chest.
The language of Eisenhower's message to Churchill on Feb. 9, 1954, is revealing: "The propaganda feast the enemy enjoys at our expense.
The time had come to retire 007.
One evening, dinner for two came to $40.25 for three courses each, before tax, tip and drinks.
He was chairman of the Printing Paper Maufacturers Association in 1962 and 1963.
Many of the carvings exhibited will be for sale and there will also be an auction of some 75 to 100 of the working decoys the second afternoon.
The true test will come tomorrow, when the weatherman promises fair skies and 80-degree heat.
Because the park closes at 5:30 P.M. and the boat ride takes about 45 minutes, the last ferries from the parks to Liberty Island leave at 3:30.
Connor said Perez will probably pitch one inning of a minor league game after three more sessions of batting practice.
; his parents, Charles and Amy Lee Colt of Cambridge, Mass., three brothers, three sisters and five grandchildren.
He was content to lead his Ensemble InterContemporain in a typically didactic program that ranged from early Schoenberg to late Boulez, with stops along the way to examine Webern, Berio and Ligeti.
Like Mr. Mosher, Mr. Mamet is at pains to emphasize Chekhov's modernity. "
But so frequent are the attacks that the men discuss them with a bit of humor, too.
"It's an erotic murder thriller," Mr. Neeson said.
headquarters on 5th Street N.W., Breeden astounded everyone with his youthful energy and political smarts.
and demanded a Serbian army to answer the challenge from secessionist Slovenia.
For most of 14 centuries these two Slavic peoples lived in relative harmony as neighbors -- the Serbs largely to the southeast and the Croats largely to the northwest.
Occasionally, even Mr. Koslow pulls back from the treacly brink.
"Everyone in the Council is inclined to be more flexible than us and Britain," a White House official said.
Tickets are $7 at the door.
But it would depend on the terms of either your proprietary lease or the sponsor's offering plan.
Popcorn, who grew up with her parents, both lawyers, in Shanghai and in the East Village.
But the scouts couldn't find anything that was spacious enough to allow an overhead angle or that looked like the kind of lumpy success they wanted Danny to convey.
In the debate, Mr. Vranitzky, a Socialist, was able to block an effort to recognize the independence of the Yugoslav republic of Slovenia, a move that would have put Austria outside the Western consensus on the issue.
Other Reverberations Besides the New York City offering, the University of California Board of Regents chose not to price more than $353 million worth of refunding bonds yesterday.
He is tall and deep-voiced and when he enters the room, all heads turn.
HARVARD HOLLENBERG New York, June 30, 1991
Moderate beer consumers are tired of punishment by political allies of the modern prohibition movement.
Schultz 'Did Not Know' Wayne Sparks, Virginia's director of financial aid, said the only loans available to all students were 30-day interest-free loans ranging up to $150.
She remains visible even when her pictures don't.
Political experts said the one-sided vote in the National Assembly did not accurately reflect France's mood of ambivalence.
A12 Russia's economics minister quit, hurting Boris Yeltsin's hopes to create a new economic community among the Soviet republics.
In 1956 he conducted a concert for the 60th anniversary of the American Guild of Organists.
That is how New Jersey has approached toxic cleanup since 1983, when the Environmental Cleanup Responsibility Act took effect.
The congress says the fighting is permitted and at times actively abetted by the Government security forces.
All this to turn on the fountain that surrounds the statue and send up a cooling spray of water.
The question of what to do with the 6 million Stasi files has been hanging over Germany since the country was unified last year.
She said that when she read the letter in a speech broadcast to the nation, she changed the word "decided" to "forced."
"He wants them applied across our business, from the moment the light bulb goes off in the creator's head to the time the book is delivered to markets."
Since every good team needs a bench, add Roy Tarpley of the Mavericks, Johnny Dawkins of the 76ers, Orlando Woolridge of the Nuggets, Lafayette (Fat) Lever of the Mavericks and Wayman Tisdale of the Kings.
The projects are transforming Midtown from an area of museums and theaters into a center for some of the city's major office and residential towers.
It is reassuring to note that Manhattan's moviegoing landscape hasn't been entirely altered.
The programs, which last from 1 to 4:30 P.M., are free with admission: $2; $1 for students and those over 62; members and children under 6 years old, free.
Charles V. Willie, a professor at the Harvard Graduate School of Education, argues that choice should be confined to public schools, and preferably within one school district.
* Orion Pictures Distribution Corp., New York, a unit of Orion Pictures Corp., named Lewis O'Neil and Jay Peckos senior vice presidents.
The appellate court reversed many of the procedural rulings, but it also told the district court to reconsider whether the Scripps patent should cover Genentech's drug.
-------------------- Lithuania Reports Soviet Force MOSCOW, April 25 (AP) -- Soviet troops used force again in independence-seeking Lithuania, seizing at least 12 buildings in eight cities, the Lithuanian Parliament said today.
The woefully inadequate living conditions in the detention centers reflect a conscious government policy to deprive Vietnamese asylum seekers of basic dignity.
Scrape into a 2 1/2-quart souffle dish with a tightly fitting lid.
"I was not happy with the reaction of the crowd," said Jack Diller, the president of Madison Square Garden Sports Group.
Michael Fritz, a junior biology major from Solon, Ohio, said he had not been worried or frightened when a woman stuck her head through the door of the classroom he was studying in and asked him if he was alone.
We have to go from there.
But you and I know that guns don't kill people; people kill people.
"No final decision has been reached" on whether to take action against Mr. Green or, if so, what action to take, Mr. Lebow said.
It has become commonplace to note that many institutions are invested a lot more bullishly than their managers talk, and individual investors poured money into stock mutual funds for almost the entire year, although there were reports of a slowdown in the final weeks of December.
As a result, overall revenues from D-RAM's fell 30 percent in 1990, hurting the Japanese companies.
With Houston spitting out words like "battle" and "hard-fought," the title clash is likely to be his type of game.
Corporate Sector to Benefit A decline in long-term interest rates would undoubtedly benefit the corporate sector.
"In their fervor to look for fluff, they didn't realize the scope of this," she said.
The practices it cites include the election of some members of the council and the school board from at-large, citywide districts rather than from separate districts, and an aggressive pattern of annexing suburban white areas into the city.
Against the Bears two weeks ago, the Jets surrendered the tying touchdown on the last play of regulation and lost after Leahy missed a chip-shot field goal in overtime.
Since the surgeons volunteering for testing may not be representative of all orthopedic surgeons practicing in the country, the results of the first survey will be used in part to compare the groups responding to the two surveys.
His hero as a kid was John Garfield.
Three teams -- Buffalo and Kansas City, in addition to the Jets -- have surpassed 200 yards rushing against them, and last week, San Diego had 198 in beating the Dolphins, 38-30.
Music at the Anchorage Cadman Plaza West, Brooklyn From the outside, the Anchorage, at the foot of the Brooklyn Bridge, on the Brooklyn side, does not immediately suggest itself as a place to hear music.
"You have an idea in the winter," he said, "but you don't know what they can do.
Robert Scinto of Greenwich, its developer, is the largest taxpayer in town.
"Any allocation other than to the nation would be an injustice," said Richard Cooper, an economist at Harvard University.
People that liked me will feel sorry for me, but people who don't like Al Sharpton aren't going to love him because he got stabbed."
These are among the findings in the latest edition of the "Almanac of the Federal Judiciary," a compilation of facts about and lawyers' opinions of every Federal trial and appellate judge, published twice each year by Prentice Hall Law and Business.
It is a three-credit elective, graded on a pass-fail basis, in which students are taught scholastic basics like how to use the library, and modern college survival skills like dealing with acquaintance rape.
Much of the balance is accounted for by services.
Unlike 1988, when he outsprinted Juma Ikangaa of Tanzania to win by one second, Hussein had the streets to himself the last 5.2 miles.
Here in northern Virginia, 10-mile backups on I-95 are routine during rush hours, and long delays are common at other times as well -- even on weekends.
The members of the eight-member presidency, who nominally control the national army, had not previously been absent from the talks here at The Hague.
The fee is $140 and includes all materials.
Britain had five minesweepers clearing lanes off Kuwait, but London threatened to pull out the vulnerable wooden-hulled vessels unless the United States guaranteed more protection.
If you don't get better, you'll get left behind."
Crude's decline yesterday began on the London futures market, which opens before the Mercantile Exchange and gave oil traders their first crack at responding to the peace hopes.
There are also players are from Sweden, Finland, Czechoslovakia and the Soviet Union.
Monday's close was the highest since the dollar bought 138.30 yen on Sept. 12.
Grain futures prices rose sharply after the Administration stepped up the pace of American food aid to the Soviet Union.
The harmonica "consists of a series of glass basins of graded sizes fixed on a horizontal spindle, which is made to revolve by a treadle operated by the player's foot," the dictionary says.
So take all proper precautions.
Foster Higgins, the benefits consulting firm.
I thank you for this -- express my appreciation to you for the confidence you've shown in me, and I'll do my best to fulfill the job.
Surprise to Analysts It marked the highest monthly trade imbalance since a $7.37 billion deficit in January.
Also from Eastern Europe, and reflecting the new openness of the former Communist countries, is "The Longest Shadow," a documentary by Kalina Ivanov, who escaped from Bulgaria with her father in 1978.
The Assembly plan also relies on the road sale and utility tax to balance its budget.
The poetry is contained in letters from Eliot to Woolf.
The Athletics were actually third in runs, but they were 12th in team batting average.
For the late shows on Friday and Saturday, he has put together an entirely different program of Cole Porter songs.
All four of the shooting victims were shot from nearby bushes and the caliber of the gun used in three of the shootings was the same, the police said.
Her father is a professor of physics at Brown University.
"There had been some signs and signals of depression for about a year," said Walker.
HAWAII Democrats -- Abercrombie, no; Mink, no.
In 1990, Mr. Conti won two Emmy awards for his concept and score for the television showing of the New York City Marathon.
In its 15-year history, the arena has developed a reputation as one of the nation's busiest and best-managed sports and entertainment complexes.
"I brought the monster to its knees," Zembriski said as he walked off the 18th green after his round today, echoing Hogan's sentiments after he won the 1951 United States Open here.
The police are investigating whether the substance is cocaine.
Baseball CLEVELAND (AL) -- Claimed Eddie Taubensee, catcher, off waivers from the Oakland Athletics.
Outside City College in Harlem, about 10 students held a counter-demonstration yesterday.
"And this was in a class where if you asked for people's opinion on the war policy, I think that almost all would say they were opposed."
To the Editor: "It's Time to Stop Poking Along at 55" (Forum, Sept. 29) obviously generated considerable interest (Letters, Oct. 13) but two myths concerning the 55 miles-per-hour speed limit still need addressing.
The fourth largest is also at Mr. Macklowe's 55th Street building, where Katz Communications has taken 176,000 square feet, joining Air France, which has taken 30,000 square feet and plans to move early next year; the New York branch of Kredietbank of Brussels, which moved into its 33,000 square feet last month and the National Bank of Canada, which took 46,000 square feet.
The church is among five public buildings that survived the fire that swept Chicago on Oct. 8, 1871.
The underwriters said the financing had been rated A-1 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and A by the Standard & Poor's Corporation.
Box 832, Westwood, N.J. 07675; telephone (201) 664-5113.
The two performances brought her Britain's top film and television awards.
Many film distributors have also reduced spending on newspaper and television advertising this summer and are seeking better results for the money they do spend.
"Vernon got away from our close-knit group of people in the neighborhood.
Early 19th-century critics compared his music to the exuberantly witty novels of Laurence Sterne and Jean Paul; to hear what they meant, listen to the finale of Symphony No.
A merchantman going to Romania later picked up the sailor.
Kevin Maas hit a line drive toward Reardon's face that the pitcher knocked down with his glove.
Workers refurbishing an old cemetery in Queens in September 1989 found the hastily buried remains of a 3-year-old boy who had been reported missing by his mother the previous April.
Several Bow Wow Meow employees came forward to cooperate, F.B.I.
After the short prologue, in which we meet this first Theo and Matilda, come four parts, set in four historical periods, each telling the story of a different -- but not altogether different -- couple named Theo and Matilda.
Yodelers came on in groups of 16, or solo, in duets, trios or quartets, accompanied by an accordion or doing an unaccompanied "naturjodel."
This was Giachetti's way of telling Tyson not to get so infatuated with bombs away that he neglected the jab.
Leah Smith, dean of the college, said the dean's office decided to incorporate staff and faculty into this year's orientation workshop "to allow new students to become acquainted with a member of the faculty and a member of the staff so that students, faculty and staff will feel more comfortable in the community."
The fear and indignation suggest that the Chinese leadership is unlikely to take conciliatory steps, or seek to restore the flood of cultural and educational exchanges of the 1980's that helped foster a distaste among many educated Chinese for their Communist Government.
Earlier efforts were undermined by inexperienced leadership and poor communication, and sabotaged by policemen left out of the process.
suspected of collaborating with the British were strapped into vehicles loaded with explosives and then forced to drive into British Army installations where the bombs were detonated by timers, with the intent of killing both the driver and army personnel.
"Look here," Thomas Burden tells his daughter in "Sarah's Laughter," "there's too much that's shoddy everywhere.
According to Birinyi Associates, there was only one major buy program and two sell programs during the session.
Israel radio also said that Mr. Shamir, as well as Mr. Levy and Defense Minister Moshe Arens, would tell the Secretary of State that Israel would negotiate with a Palestinian delegation only if its members did not say they represented the Palestine Liberation Organization.
The interruptions in service caused by bad weather this week brought a kind of quiet relief, a reminder, perhaps, of kinder, gentler times.
Her doctors said they wanted to turn off the ventilator for Matthew the sickest twin, on one day, and turn off Cameron's ventilator the next day.
The missing works are a drawing from Picasso's blue period titled "The Sitting Woman" and dated 1903 and a gouache, "El Christo de Montmartre," dated 1904.
Steinbrenner was banished by Vincent in an agreement they made in August of 1990.
Mr. Scherbakov said other features of the plan included strengthening the battered ruble internally by backing it with state buildings, land and other properties, as well as shrinking the Kremlin ministries that long have ruled the nation's life.
(Forum, Aug. 25) encouraged shortsighted and narrow replies.
Although the bears cannot be hunted in national parks, they are stalked in the Great Bear Wilderness and the Bob Marshall Wilderness, Federal lands east of here.
By late Friday the outstanding three-month bill was bid at 5.51 percent and the six-month bill was at 5.60 percent.
With the commodity chemicals industry plagued by overcapacity and low prices, it would be difficult to sell those businesses at a decent price.
For example, she said, NBC dropped "Texas" only after 28 months.
Or say you're Scheherazade -- who isn't?
At the moment, the main area of contention is the anticipated creation of the consultative council.
Tickets are $15 and $20 and may be reserved by calling 624-8498 or (800) 922-2030.
"The police say they found no evidence of any criminal action, that is, that he was not killed by someone," an investigator said.
While he said Mr. Gates had some knowledge of the affair, he did not implicate him directly in any wrongdoing.
A14 Race to replace a House leader is in full gear A10 William Gray: Looking ahead, returning to past A10 Washington Post editor Bradlee to retire A15 Supporters of abortion rights won a victory when a House committee voted to prohibit the Administration from enforcing a regulation barring federally financed clinics from discussing abortion with patients.
Tewksbury did not allow another run and left for a pinch-hitter in the seventh inning.
Despite the slow going, Mr. Jobs said he did not regret his purchase of Pixar, and that he had no plans now to sell the company.
guidelines and the Senate proposals come one year after the first and only documented cases in which the AIDS virus was transmitted to a patient in a health care practice.
"I haven't spoken to Patrick since the arbitration award came down, but I plan to in the next several days.
Now he runs his own place, Taj, on East Sixth Street and Second Avenue.
Crowds begin forming about 10 P.M. to witness the fall of the lighted ball at midnight.
Remove from heat and set aside.
Councilwoman Susan D. Alter of Brooklyn was ecstatic.
GALLERY TALKS AND LECTURES, Metropolitan Museum of Art.
WHOLLY OF WHOLLIES "I THINK THE KEY TO MY PLAN is that it is holistic ," Governor Cuomo said during his consideration-of-running phase, which may be over by the time this appears.
It is still not clear whether the switch was damaged during the accident, or whether its condition might have caused the crash.
Mr. Clarke-Milton, who lives in St. Albans, Queens, and works in Manhattan for the Highway Inspections and Quality Assurance Division of the city's Department of Transportation, will be charged with bribe receiving in the third degree, which carries a maximum sentence of seven years in prison, the investigation agency said.
Ray Mabus, *D Kirk Fordice, R (winner) NEW JERSEY STATE LEGISLATURE Senate Democrats: 23 Current: 13 Republicans Current: 17 New: 27 House Democrats Current: 42 New: 20 Republicans Current: 37 New: 58 Vacancy Current: 1 New: 0 Undecided Current: 0 New: 2 PUBLIC QUESTIONS Y: Should the state consittution be amended to require better treatment of victims of crimes by the criminal justice system?
It's plausible to suppose that they want to protect members who already have proved supportive of their interests.
The Rangers, who are in the midst of a four-game losing streak, got more bad news yesterday.
The President might have to explain why freedom of an Arabian oil sheikdom was worth a war while freedom of the Baltic States was lost with no American pressure applied in Moscow.
spokesman, Jim Faulkner, said the carrier saw advance bookings more than double as a result of the similar fare cuts earlier.
And it helps that their father is the Mayor.
"You say owners make too little?"
"Parents were allowed to choose between the two schools, which created an unhealthy competition," Mr. Mazullo said, "and as much as we tried to achieve a racial balance we were never completely successful."
Brown personifies the urgency of the problem.
Brown, who was also a kick returner, tore up his knee and required surgery.
In my proposal, regulators would have the authority (and in practice would exercise it) to waive rate ceilings temporarily in the event of interest rate spikes, regional downturns or other economic crises.
It's the national dress code.
* Xerox Corp., Stamford, Conn., said its Crum & Foster Inc. insurance unit had agreed to sell its marine underwriting business to a unit of Commercial Union P.L.C.
"Nascimento" could have brought a stronger program to an agreeable conclusion.
Analyzing the Bids Although it will take California insurance regulators several weeks to analyze the bids and select a winner, the bid to beat appeared to be the revised offer submitted by the French consortium.
In the last 10 to 15 years the whole restoration syndrome has gone amok both here and in Europe."
Still, those looking for airy loft spaces with the convenience of being close to midtown and Wall Street find the district attractive.
On Friday, Governor Cuomo announced that he would not seek the 1992 presidential nomination because of the state budget problems he has been unable to resolve.
The trade group said that half of the consumers in the country shop by phone or by mail at least once a year.
WHEN I was small, Joe Louis was the Champ and Franklin D. Roosevelt was the President.
A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point.
"I do believe that cuts have to be made.
In one advertisement, intended to counteract public fears of transporting nuclear waste, the industry says that in 25 years of moving radioactive waste around the country not one of the stout Government-approved shipping casks was breached in an accident.
"We have far more buyers asking us for furnished homes than we have furnished homes to supply," said Mr. Fahey.
It is not just any meteorite that is the focus of a Congressional resolution, a letter-writing campaign and an upcoming school play.
The miner must also be deemed too disabled for mining or comparable work -- another judgment call -- and he must show that he worked in mines long enough to have contracted the disease.
Not all the artists in the show get their images from such unconventional sources.
He sews triangular shapes together to create dense three-dimensional fabrics that stand out like a porcupine's quills.
Despite the lingering questions about his own knowledge of Iran-contra, he may not believe that many more people than Mr. Walsh and his staff are still upset about the way laws and the system of government were circumvented in the Iran-contra affair, and about the cover-up that followed.
Television's embracing of the past threatens to become a stranglehold these days.
Besides Nicklaus's age and his inconsistency in regular tour events this year, some of the sentiment is probably a backlash from Nicklaus's statements in recent years criticizing the PGA Tour for failing to produce superstars.
"Red is exciting and emotional," Mr. Blum said.
Rooted in his time, Porter really is timeless.
But the future seems bright, says Betsy Gotbaum, the City Parks and Recreation Commissioner.
You have to respect a guy who's willing to put his money where his mouth is."
Yet, he said, "The whole brain is awash in this stuff."
Until recently, she was described by her doctor at the state-run Missouri Rehabilitation Center as existing "generally in a persistent vegetative state."
A Greek-owned bank was fined a record $8 million yesterday after pleading guilty to what Federal authorities called one of the largest nondrug-related money-laundering schemes ever uncovered in the United States.
Now, under the leadership of a quiet but stern new principal who spends much of his time patrolling the hallways to head off trouble, Eastern District is making a comeback.
Stottlemyre (15-8), who was named Toronto's No.
But officials of the school said Miss Thomas must have been assaulted while she was visiting her sister and her family.
But I'm confident, if we play up to our capability, we can do it again."
A powerful book dwells within this manuscript, and the tragedy is that neither Ms. Gaines nor her editor could extract it from the surrounding self-indulgence.
Ms. McKessy, 26 years old, is a marketing assistant at Coopers & Lybrand in Boston.
Real estate appraisals are done through a department separate from the loan officers, providing more objective measurement of risk.
The police said they had recovered a shotgun outside the Baychester subway station, where the youths had fled.
An original 19th-century heart, from which this was faithfully replicated, was used as the drawer pull for a woman's lap desk, "where ladies took to their privacy to compose love letters," Ms. Hunsicker said.
Steve Balboni's wife, Eve, gave birth to a son, Michael, Wednesday in Kansas City, Mo.
mused Susan Mulcahy, the editor of Avenue magazine.
The debt market had expected that the Government would report basically unchanged core producer prices, excluding the volatile food and energy sectors, and it did, although the overall Producer Price Index for June dropped by three-tenths of a percent.
It means "poisonous snake," not "poisonous snack."
But St. Luke's itself is hardly immune from the recessionary pressures that have shrunk funds for schools and social programs across New York City.
And if you see the word 'recyclable' at the bottom of a coffee cup you have to ask 'where can it be recycled?'
The same model, in the same dress, returns with a flashlight, this time displaying "evening wear."
Despite the strong current for independence, there are still French-speaking Quebecers prepared to fight for the survival of Canada, and even for a stronger, more centralized Canada than Mr. Bourassa and other erstwhile federalists seem prepared to accept.
Mr. Gallagher, 34, is an electrician at the Burleigh Electric Company in Falmouth Foreside, Me.
The federation sells about 250 Gold Passes each year for fund-raising purposes.
And the extinction of the native chestnut trees around Walden -- Thoreau wrote of gathering chestnuts on the shoreline -- is sharply reflected in a disappearance of chestnut pollen in the top layers of the core.
The tabloid-sized paper will be published on Fridays each week during the 1991 baseball season and every other week in the off-season.
It doesn't make me squirm.
Among his other activities was membership on the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission (1962 to 1969), the trustees of the Collegiate School (1954 to 1962), and the trustees of the American Academy in Rome.
My penance involved my parents, the church pastor and, I was led to believe, the terrifying Pope Pius XII himself.
"I'm not confirming or denying anything," he said.
Underreporting of special education pupils, who require extra staff and spending, would make a district's budget seem inordinately high.
From the village of Lockerbie, where 11 people were killed, detectives fanned out in a dogged search for evidence that was blown clear across Scotland to the North Sea.
A New Priest at 87 While the issue of women's ordination is being hotly debated in the worldwide Anglican Church, it is an accepted fact of life in its American branch, the Episcopal Church.
Weeds cover the fields and brush now chokes the abandoned villages.
This is theater sports -- improvisation performed as a competitive sport in which actors vie for high marks in skill, story and show ("Was it entertaining?").
Both the CBS and CNN documentaries begin with the origins of the attack and end with reflections on its consequences.
Dennis Chambers, on drums, tirelessly knocked out continuous variations on P-Funk's mid-tempo beat, adding floating cymbal triplets like a reggae drummer or thundering on tom-toms or kicking quick bass-drum accents.
Many government and industry experts now want to allow freer competition.
But a source close to Mr. Arnett, who insisted on anonymity, said he did not have a literary agent (nor even an agent to handle his television contract) and he had not proposed writing a book.
Don A., a 43-year-old New York City school teacher who is gay and who tested positive five years ago, said he does not tell the men he has sex with about his infection until after their third date, although he always takes precautions.
The $1 million restoration is scheduled to be completed by the end of 1992.
The parallel roads to the highway are still manned by Iraqis, the troops said.
A direct-mail package for the center's Klanwatch Project, which monitors white supremacist organizations like the Ku Klux Klan, involves mailing an 18-minute videocassette to prospective contributors.
Her father is a vice president for development at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York.
"But, I've drawn an incredible amount of strength from the employees.
Mr. Dryfoos devised the ruse, Mr. Douglas added, because Mr. Dryfoos did not want another consultant, Martin McLaughlin, to learn that he had been paid less in an earlier campaign.
Budget choice: A group of motels on U.S. 9 close to the F.D.R.
Reservations are recommended, even for lunch; dinner for two with cocktails and wine, $65.
It may be a saint's face or a portrait of Jesus.
The Baldwins have been in the emergency housing for several months.
Mr. Brown's wild rage followed that statement.
To the Editor: I do not wish to detract in any way from the highly inventive production of "The Sleeping Beauty" by the New York City Ballet.
The idea was to reduce the number of unprepared students, who tend to drop out of college and default on their loans.
DARREN S. LENO Oak Brook, Ill., May 2 The author is director of communications, In-Flight Phone Corporation/Goeken Group.
C1 Country vs the city: weekend diplomacy C1 A Brazilian gardener in search of paradise C1 Parent & ChildC2 A rocking chair for the disabled C5 Childbirth classes in just one evening C8 College presidents with two pied- a-terre C12 Arts/Entertainment Film: Behind the Cannes infighting C17 Film making returns to New York C17 Music: New Philharmonic manager C17 Bolshoi names singers for U.S. visit C20 Dance: "The Cage," by City Ballet C15 Jose Greco is back in town C19 Word and Image: Character may survive her series C17 Book: "Fall of the Godfather" C23 NBC is winner in May sweeps C30 Home Videos C30 A TV salute to Kirk Douglas C32 Obituaries D21 Hoang Van Hoan, Vietnam aide who defected to China Julian Orbon, composer Sports B14-21 Baseball: Cubs beat Mets B15 Dykstra's life on the edge B15 Yanks rout Indians B17 Cubs name Essian manager B17 Basketball: Checketts wants Riley B20 Pistons worried B20 Column: Vecsey on Penguins B15 Football: Giants get rings B21 Hockey: North Stars confident B18 Editorials/Letters/Op-Ed Editorials A30 Where to aim the embargo Redeeming Albany Gizmos for gizmos Smaller, for the futureLetters A30 William Safire: Clark Clifford's confession A31 Kim Dae Jung: Sabotage in Seoul A31 Elizabeth Joseph: My husband's nine wives A31 William G. Milliken: Innovative solutions for budgets in crisis A31
Louis Sheldon, chairman of the Traditional Values Coalition in Anaheim, has threatened to mount a voter initiative to repeal the gay rights bill if Mr. Wilson signs it.
INGRID CHAVEZ, a singer-songwriter, has sued LENNY KRAVITZ, a pop musician, in Federal Court in Minneapolis demanding credit as the lyricist of "Justify My Love" and a larger share of its royalties, The Associated Press reported yesterday.
She graduated from Yale University.
Democrats attacked the Republican plan as an onslaught against the poor that was built with numbers that would not balance.
While Catalonia and the Basque Country, together with Andalusia and Galicia, the four most powerful regions, are not included in the current negotiations, Prime Minister Gonzalez has pledged to renegotiate finances with all the regions by Jan. 1, 1991, when the new pact must legally go into force.
He says he is convinced that the Democrats can win the White House if they stand proudly for their traditional values -- he draws an analogy with "new Coke" and "classic Coke" -- and hit the Republicans hard.
The rebels promise a democratic government based on a multiparty system and some form of regional and district autonomy.
Yesterday's ruling remains in effect until there is a new contract.
A Treuhand office in Berlin was firebombed on Friday, and three days later the director, Detlev Karsten Rohwedder, was killed by a sniper from the far-left Red Army Faction.
"There's a very big explosion!"
Mr. Drippe, 28, graduated from Indiana University and is an assistant portfolio manager at Capital Development Associates, a New York investment company.
The mood of celebration since the independence vote on Saturday has buoyed the standing of Armenia's President, Levon Ter-Petrosyan, a former dissident, and may have given him greater license to compromise on the territorial conflict with neighboring Azerbaijan.
"It's now used for basically everything except murder."
George Hartman, another commission member, said he appreciated that Cooper-Lecky was trying to serve a number of clients, including 38,000 Korean veterans, but spoke of the "simple strength and integrity" of the original design.
"No one seems to have any time to throw to me in practice, and so after practice, I work on my pass receiving with the automatic throwing machine," Matich said, "and they don't usually look for me in a game."
Her father is a consultant to the First of Michigan Corporation, a Detroit securities concern.
These are samples, she told the students, also showing them carpet samples and furniture catalogues.
13 11 8 REMEMBER, by Barbara Taylor Bradford.
But two months after liberation, there are still long lines at checkpoints into Palestinian neighborhoods.
Mary Sue Price's "That Midnight Rodeo" is slighter than a vignette (about a pregnant rodeo rider).
Under the law passed today, the commander in chief of the new Ukrainian army would be the President, once elected.
And while the 28-year-old flyer could not be sure what happened to the food once it landed, he said surveillance teams report that the Kurds were running to pick up the supplies.
At his first news conference since his appointment on Aug. 28, Mr. Pankin said the Kremlin would continue to remove ideology from its foreign policy and was eager to make a fresh start on tackling some thorny issues.
The House of Representatives approved stopgap legislation that would provide enough money for Federal agencies to operate through Oct. 17.
Or, with the way his shoulder feels and his fastball detonates, that it is likely to arrive during any of the six months that will make up the 1991 season.
appearances, St. John's has reached the sweet 16 stage of the tournament.
They say that since the military crackdown in June 1989, central planners have regained control over much of the economy and that there is no longer much chance of a big change in the ownership system.
But as quietly and gradually as the widening of a waistline, America's infatuation with the herb of many names -- grass, pot, dope, weed, ganja, sess, sens, smoke, skunk and, quaintly, in the long ago, Mary Jane -- has been fading.
The fatwa blesses not only all Muslims participating in the war to evict Iraqi forces from Kuwait, but non-Muslims as well, a highly unusual event.
Nevertheless, writes Dr. George E. Graham, a Johns Hopkins professor, in The Wall Street Journal, "WIC has failed drastically."
There is also the difficulty with Nicola, who lives in a perpetual grouch.
Outside the Long Island City courthouse, the three defendants and their parents had to run gantlets of jeering, cursing people, who pursued them down the street and showered them with obscenity-laced epithets, causing the mother of one defendant to break down in sobs.
"I didn't want to look back when I was 40 and ask, 'Why didn't you give it another shot?'
According to The Bank Rate Monitor, an interest rate publication, the drop in yields is continuing but at a slower pace than during the previous two weeks.
The American Rhododendron Society is sponsoring a talk on rhododendron hybrids developed in Germany at its monthly meeting next Thursday.
Vietnam was a long, logy hallucination of a movie -- the good guys indistinguishable from the bad, the plot dribbling away to entropy.
("Whenever that happens, she knows she's racing the next day," Jolley said.)
Opponents say the bases treaty is an unwelcome vestige of former American colonial control.
"Greg, of course," Rooks said in a telephone interview recently.
players drive the ball an average of about 215 yards, but the association has never released driving distance statistics.
According to his account, Johnson in 1948 had made a deal with George Parr, the corrupt "Duke of Duval," who held sway over large sections of south Texas.
The Navy made the study public in mid-September, but it has received scant attention.
But Mr. Grimes, who used to work for a Chicago supermarket chain, said that finding the friendly and helpful employees that are a Wal-Mart trademark may take some doing in grittier industrial climes like Chicago.
All he misses now, he said, is locally produced foie gras and truffles.
But look at the Redskins this year: 14 interceptions while giving up only 6.
And before the coup the Soviet Ministry of Finance projected a budget deficit equal to 15 percent of national output.
Hemidemisemiquavers The composers Richard Danielpour and Bright Sheng have been named composers in residence with the Seattle Symphony Orchestra.
They argue that their relationship with Japan has been normalized and relations with Europe have "basically recovered" since the Tiananmen Square crackdown, and that only the United States has held back on repairing ties.
That decline was unrecognized at the time, emerging later only after many statistical revisions.
During one of his many paid "stay in school" lectures to local high school students, Richard Rodgers, a former defensive back for the University of California at Berkeley and, briefly, for the Los Angeles Raiders, realized he needed to practice what he preached.
Mention risks to Reggie Williams, the general manager of the New York-New Jersey Knights of the new World League of American Football, and he cringes.
Ronald Nordmann at Paine Webber Securities said Merck's profits had been up by at least 18 percent in every quarter since the last three months of 1989.
There were attempts made to try to get on it.
show that we'd have a lot of control over," said Francesa.
It is, after all, easy, when seeing Frederick the Great's buildings, to forget that he was a ruthless aggressor whose policy was much admired by Hitler.
Opportunity in Adversity Indeed, James P. Willse, editor of The News and a member of its board, said a reorganization would be "an opportunity to set right what needs to be set right about the structure of the paper," which has been shorthand for significant reductions in areas like the number of people needed to operate presses.
For the first time in his career, Patrick Ewing should get totally and publicly selfish, scream and wave his arms for the ball, embarrass the teammates who ignore him for quarters at a time.
Pro Set had also created a Ismail-New England card and an Ismail-Atlanta card.
Last July, Mr. Mendez joined Wasserstein, Perella in charge of developing international corporate finance advice for the firm's clients, and expanding on the firm's ability to place American stock offerings and do private placements.
Subsequent reality is dispensed with in some brief printed postscripts.
Only the song, with its reference to the 112-year-old social organization's "sons," was a problem.
The Government inherited many of these suits from institutions it took over and is now opposing in court the very firms it is hiring.
Moreover, short-term interest rates have dropped sharply, mainly because of the recession.
He is a marketing executive in the personal products division of the Johnson & Johnson Company in Milltown, N.J.
"His first concert with us after his appointment was Mendelssohn's 'Elijah' last December," recalls Siebert, the Philharmonic flutist.
Improved quality has placed American manufacturers' vehicles in the same league with the overseas competition.
"I've always found that I function a lot better in achieving."
"We were surprised," a Hitachi spokesman said.
These goals may be defensible; seeing Saddam Hussein driven from power, for instance, would be deeply satisfying.
Mr. Amft and Mr. Evans apply a kind of punk-rock faith in simplicity to the folk-duo concept; their arrangements have a bare-bones fragility, yet their pop structures incorporate elements of country, African, blues, 1950's pop and flamenco.
The Adolph Coors Company said today that a brewery in Scotland had agreed to brew Coors Extra Gold under license for distribution in Britain.
A1 Kuwaitis accused of collaborating with Iraqi forces are to go on trial on Saturday.
The second suspect is still being sought.
It was also a time when he was determined to convert Suprematism into a new system of art education.
Mr. Brodsky's bill provides that vacant co-ops in such buildings could be rented out at a price level authorized by the Emergency Tenants Protection Act.
According to an early February poll, conducted by ICR Survey Research for the Vietnam Veterans of America Foundation, six in 10 Americans want to start diplomatic efforts before allied forces commit to a ground war.
As the Mayor talked to television cameras, Shira Hezgi, a 54-year-old immigrant from the Soviet Union, approached.
bombings in London, Americans stopped coming to Britain because of the gulf war.
Under the shade of flowering bougainvillea and colorful awnings, you can participate in the Grove's favorite sport, people watching, while savoring a cool goombay punch and local specialties like stone crab and alligator tips.
Some analysts regard Nestle as a haven for investors amid the current tension and economic slowdown, even though it has been hurt by the weak dollar and U.S. competition.
The United States supplied tens of millions of dollars in aid to the two non-Communist factions in the civil war, although there were repeated assertions by human rights organizations and others that American aid ended up in the hands of the Khmer Rouge.
He said other theories included an internal dispute in the Gambino family and rivalries between the family and one of the four other Mafia families in the New York City area.
Mr. Campbell said it was the opportunity to create something entirely new in computing, like Apple's Macintosh in 1984, that attracted him to Go.
On a scale of 30 points, the quality leader, according to Zagat readers, was Sherry-Lehmann with 27 points.
You spot the opponent's threats early -- preferably before he becomes aware of what stratagems are available to him.
During that six-month period, all interest and penalties will be waived, and the Internal Revenue Service is to take no action to collect taxes or to examine returns of those in the combat zone.
His friends and family members had never believed Mr. Rivera was killed trying to buy drugs.
Federico Fellini's collaborations with his wife, Giulietta Masina, were rich and central to his earlier work, particularly to the matchless comedy, "Nights of Cabiria."
Senator Howard M. Metzenbaum, the Ohio Democrat who held the hearings, has introduced a bill to revise the way the United States Agriculture Department inspects poultry.
I would like to know what your opinion would be on this point.
Preceded by "Cairo as Told by Youssef Chahine" (Egypt-France, 1991).
The average score for pre-teen-agers in 1984, was a combined 753.
But if he wishes now to be understood as changing policy, he'll have to do more than change his chief of staff.
Community leaders also agreed on a joint military policy and reached the outlines of a deal with Britain on social affairs that could clear the way for a political and monetary union treaty.
But it acknowledges differences between the Jewish and Christian groups on whether the Palestine Liberation Organization should be permitted to negotiate on behalf of the Palestinians.
But not one has ever gone as far to explicitly tie economic assistance to a formal freeze.
This country forgets its heroes."
Although the number could not immediately be learned yesterday, it was said to have been a handful, and Salomon is said to expect to continue to cut back through attrition.
The only thing permanent about love, though, is the persistence with which we seek it, and even if there is little comfort to be gained from the fact that we can't achieve it, there might be some comfort in the thought that we share our concern about it with every society, every culture that has ever existed.
The new elite is linked by jet, modem, fax, satellite and fiber-optic cable to the great commercial and recreational centers of the world, but it is not particularly connected to the rest of the nation.
Mr. Berube says his stengths are "the collection of experiences I've had in the company family for over 27 years."
Compared aircraft, which can carry up to 8,800 pounds of explosives, the Hussein can carry only 660 kilograms of explosives.
The state prison population rose to 57,000 last week, about 9,000 inmates above the intended capacity.
Nd3 because 20 Rd3 Bd5 (20 .
'You Are Great People' "Welcome, welcome to Kuwait," they yelled at a convoy of passing cars.
At times, he has seemed to cater to their politics, on issues like abortion and, for a time, taxes.
The deal represents a significant step for both companies to secure a lead in what they hope will become a lucrative market.
Hoping to adopt, they applied through the Orange County Department of Social Services.
He captured the brash euphoria and shared sadness of the moment in songs like "Cheek to Cheek" and "White Christmas," the secular anthems of modern life.
And perhaps he did, too, that night.
On Monday, the eve of the deadline, Peter Jennings is to anchor an 8 P.M. ABC News Special on the crisis.
Missing is Miller's raw, reckless immediacy, overpowered by Nin's passionately overheated style.
"I don't know the answer to that.
Under the right granted him in the contract he signed with the Twins as a free agent last February, Morris did not exercise the option for 1992 at a $3.65 million salary.
The stories told by witnesses to the current series of shootouts, bombings and killings almost always end on the same depressing note: guilt for the crime spreads beyond the individual to the group, until neighbors, workmates, even relatives lose their identities and become simply the enemy -- Serb or Croat.
Amoco, the nation's fifth-largest oil company, said net income fell to $290 million, or 59 cents a share, from $530 million, or $1.04 a share, in the quarter a year ago.
COSTS: One token is 25 cents.
Sprinkle the remaining bread crumbs over the mirlitons and bake for 20 minutes.
ONE of the most eagerly watched recent business mergers involved two companies that usually cover mergers, rather than participate in them.
She had turned her back on the sink and was surveying the broken furniture.
Yesterday, Mr. Bender, a retired 63-year-old retailer and importer who lives in Boynton Beach, Fla., and Mr. McConnell, a retired 66-year-old home contractor who lives in St. Albans, Queens, sat and ate and remembered together.
He was an Academician of the National Academy of Design and a Fellow of the National Sculpture Society.
But his biggest challenge came the next year when the tables were turned, with Kennecott as the takeover target.
And there, behind the hanging maps, sit two large cardboard boxes like those that slide under a bed, marked simply, intriguingly, "Stevens Family."
BAA said Stansted could handle eight million people a year, a goal it expects to reach before 2000, and it could be expanded to handle 15 million.
Mr. Walden bought the building last year for $3 million and expects to spend about $7 million on the project, which will yield not only new office space but a ground-floor gallery and 74-seat screening room.
attributed that incident to "poorly designed cable removal procedures," and the agency said, "Serious questions are raised as to whether A.T.& T. is providing adequate management focus on network operations as it continues to restructure to meet challenges brought on by competition."
Chicago (2-0) enters the game Sunday fresh from an eight-sack outing against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and once again finds itself atop the league in sacks.
Smith Testimony Begins Testimony began in the William K. Smith rape trial after the judge barred three witnesses who say Mr. Smith attacked them.
There were two strong pieces on the program: Mr. Kraus's "Pick and Choose," the only dance not selected by audition, and Septime Webre's "D-Construction."
Still, those factors would affect all banks, and as of close of business yesterday, none of the other large banks had taken a similar step.
And there are other extraordinary circumstances.
Instead of attacking the bureaucratic procedures that officials like Mr. Polan blame for tying the city up in knots, for instance, this kind of response allows officials simply to bypass the system altogether.
You have heard nearly every question possible.
The shape is always the same."
Signs of Progress Some senior military officers had argued that only a formal extension of the security zone would get the Kurds to come back, but the general insisted on a more modest venture that acknowledged Iraqi sovereignty over an important provincial center.
"I had always wondered about the heat of it," Mr. Waterston said in a recent interview in Manhattan, recalling Tom's argument.
He said the way the bank was run was not only suspicious, but also incompetent.
Aspen and Monte Carlo too expensive?
That idea ran into opposition from the handicapped and did not win the Mayor's support.
It's easy, as the Frusen Gladje commercial told us, to eat an entire pint of ice cream, all alone, in one sitting.
Everyone travels, though one's right to do so is a recent freedom for the common man.
A spokeswoman, Joann Sloane, said the rule , part of "miscellaneous operational amendments," has been sent to the Department of Transportation and still has to go to the Office of Management and Budget.
when silence is so sweet?"
Mr. Gorbachev's statement Saturday night provided some reassurance.
Pigs and dogs are thought to miss up to 80 percent of the truffles they hunt.
The Tiananmen Incident was initially denounced as counterrevolutionary, but after Mr. Deng clawed his way back to power two years later it was praised as a great revolutionary event.
A. Spraying is the method usually employed, but you must use an airless spray gun, rather than a conventional spray.
Second, they suppressed their emotions while interacting with others.
Earlier this month, Dr. Sullivan canceled a contract with the University of North Carolina to conduct such a survey, saying it was flawed.
It means being barely able to hold the farm together for another year."
Mr. Stoph, 76, who headed East Germany's Council of Ministers from 1964 to 1973 and again from 1976 to 1989, was arrested by the non-Communist Government that ran East Germany from December 1989 until reunification, but he was released in February 1990 because of failing health.
Under any title the film tries to push audiences' buttons, because viewers are so clearly supposed to like poor old Roy Dean, whose irritating banter is a nervous mask for his love of the game.
Miss Sarnoff, 30 years old, is the director of Brooke Alexander Editions, a New York art gallery.
Diana Golden lost her right leg above the knee when she was 12 years old and soon enrolled with the National Handicapped Sports, to learn how to ski all over again.
Gold rose in London to a late bid price of $364.25 a troy ounce, up from $362.75 bid late Wednesday.
'Blazing' Disputes Reported Not so, says Police Constable Andrew Jacques, a guard at the Prince and the Princess's country house, Highgate, in Gloucestershire.
It made the following projections for those groups: *Asians and Pacific Islanders are expected to increase by 70 percent in elementary and secondary school enrollment, to about 1.6 million by 1994 from about 940,000 in 1985.
Unlike House members, Wellstone the Senator cannot be ignored.
RAY'S WRECKED EGGS 1/4 pound sweet Italian sausage, formed into 2 patties Butter for cooking the eggs 3 to 4 tablespoons bacon fat 16 large eggs 5 tablespoons medium-hot salsa 1 large green pepper, chopped 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste.
In them, an artist known for his biting, sometimes corrosive irony let down his guard and gave of himself in an informal, uninhibited and unironic way.
For a third it was the plonk that was the cheapest thing on the wine list at $25 a bottle.
Can you imagine the sound of 2,000 cheerleaders, none of them over age 13?
Meets at 1 P.M. at the Lower East Side Tenement Museum.
The biggest political spenders, according to the survey, included politicians in California, Massachusetts and Texas, all of which had strongly contested gubernatorial races.
Peter Collier, who is working on a biography of the Roosevelt family, said some additional anxiety among writers over the accuracy of quotations would be a good thing.
Karen F. Jacoby, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. James Jacoby of Short Hills, N.J., was married last evening to Richard Philip Furst, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Stephen J. Furst of Huntington Station, L.I.
He went to the post-season N.B.A.
The coach was not born until just before the 1941 season, the only one in which Lummus played, and was barely a year old when Blozis, a 6-foot-6-inch, 245-pound tackle, charged through the Washington line during a memorable 1942 rookie performance against the Redskins, stretched out one long arm and slung Slinging Sammy Baugh to the ground.
In her mild but firm manner, she adds: "I am very aware that it is an extremely lonely world, and of how fragile a normal life can be, how loosely held together certain things are that we take for granted -- a marriage, a home, healthy children, having a job.
Rather like "Cabaret," "And the World Goes 'Round" takes off like a shot in the very first number and rarely descends to earth thereafter.
An Increasing Bigotry "Black Boy" was only the first part of Wright's autobiography, about his attempts to escape poverty, ignorance, fear and bigotry in the South.
The fire broke out suddenly and seemed to engulf the store in a matter of minutes, people working in the 110-store mall said.
His father is the president of ABSA Development Consultants, fund-raisers in Atlanta.
What is attracting people to snowshoeing is probably a combination of factors ranging from relative low cost of the equipment -- an entry-level pair of snowshoes is about $75 with the top price at about $180 -- to fitness opportunities, the backwoods experience and ease of learning.
It has not yet been decided who will succeed her at Elle, the popular fashion magazine.
Mr. Vendetti surprised everyone by marrying a woman named Etta who had volunteered in the hospital since she was 15.
This permits the juices to flow into the white meat before the bird is carved.
Though he does not list his sources, it is clear that much of what he learned about Giamatti during the commissioner's awful time came from the owners of various baseball teams; the most compelling information in the book about Rose, and about the back-room dealing in baseball's appallingly mishandled investigation of his gambling, appears to have come directly (if without attribution) from the ballplayer's lawyers.
"People are quite single-minded in the municipal bond market," he said.
"The Government has lost some control," said a middle-ranking civil servant, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
As network television usually works, a network pays a fee that does not cover the full cost of each episode of a series, so a producer must initially lose money before it can make profits in syndication.
Other companies, like Kryptonite of Boston, make U-shaped locks more difficult to break than cable locks, but they also tend to be cumbersome to carry and fasten in place.
Wait until the other goons around the N.H.L.
But he added: "The good thing about Washington is you get other chances.
Among these were Kenya's support for the allied effort in the Persian Gulf war and the stepping up of anti-terrorist activities.
The first such product, human insulin for diabetics manufactured in bacteria, was brought to market in 1982 by Eli Lilly.
Basketball requires strong hands and nimble fingers.
Mr. Reischauer said he expected the economy to grow by a weak 1.3 percent this year, measured from the fourth quarter of 1990 to the fourth quarter of 1991.
(Glenn Gould said that one could learn to be a concert pianist in a matter of hours, if only one could concentrate sufficiently.)
The bride, 34 years old, is keeping her name.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
He died of liver cancer, a colleague said.
Some of those who were offended by the skit said it was up to school teachers and administrators to teach the high school students the meaning of such powerful racial symbols.
Escorts talk of the potent invisible force that still radiates from the earth, of deadly "hot spots," of birches with foot-long leaves and red pines, of macabre jokes, disease and early death.
Lawyers for both submitted "errata sheets" listing changes they wanted to make in their original statements, after seeing the transcripts of those statements.
There will be ethnic food and entertainment by ethnic performing groups.
Credit agencies, which have relied on scanty glimpses of Saks's financial statements for more than a decade, scrambled to rescind their favorable recommendations.
More than a dozen people, most of them police, were fatally wounded.
Their historic district status notwithstanding, most of the buildings on Manhattan's Upper Madison Avenue in the 60's and 70's are known not for their architecture but for the fashionable boutiques within.
Much of the Moscow public is fascinated by the chance of a Gorbachev-Yeltsin showdown.
There were no certain guarantees that the new agreement's goals for change would be realized.
The regulation, however, said that doctors and health professionals at the clinics couldn't even mention abortion as an option.
In part, that reflects the popular-culture influences that seem to inspire the campaigns, especially the 1989 movie "Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure."
Tadzhikistan, the poorest of the 12 Soviet republics, votes on Sunday in a presidential election that will pit the Communist old guard against a resurgent Islamic movement.
Victimitis, it seems, transcends all cultural barriers.
The Pratt & Whitney engine, which weighs 305 pounds and stands more than five feet high, is the world's first liquid hydrogen-fueled space engine.
and is now playing in the Continental Basketball Association.
"Harper was up the line waiting for the throw from the outfield," Tata was saying now in the umpires' dressing room.
The two classics seemed natural to pair, he observed, "warfare being a curiouser and curiouser kind of thing."
Jim Florio's $2.8 billion tax program, the party's legislative leaders are scrambling to put together slates to run in many of the new districts.
The fliers say they are containing their grief, but flight surgeons said the bottled-up emotions will be reckoned with.
AS a mortgage banker with less than sterling credit, Countrywide Credit Industries gave the appearance a year ago of being a likely victim of a credit crunch.
Desalinization plants, he said, "cannot accept contaminated water" so they might have to shut down if oil slicks could not be blocked by booms.
In the sequel, Mr. Schwarzenegger plays a Terminator that fights on the side of the humans to prevent the machines from taking over.
At least, this is the situation in "Hidden Treasures," a display of the library's holdings in Japanese art.
"The End of Innocence" is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian).
He sat out the second half.
U2 and its many imitators have established Irish rock as soaring, high-minded and devout; although Mr. Coughlan is Irish, his group demolishes the expectations and proudly blasphemes without denying its heritage.
"The idea was to put more spice into the race," the race director, Fred Lebow, said.
A setting of Theophile Gautier's poem about a fisherman's lethal seduction by a water sprite, it is believed to be a student work.
Indignant words continue to pour out against military censorship that denied photographers access to the action of the Persian Gulf war.
But I'm trying to look at this more broadly and ask a question about where we're heading, and I think the monkey is really on the unions' back as much as anything to show a function in a world that is changing rapidly -- the whole workplace is changing, the patterns of competition are changing."
The forbidding character of Jacob has been tempered with cute idiosyncrasies, presumably intended to make him more palatable to audiences.
Touches such as these relieve the business details of this correspondence, and remind us that these people are not shadowy personages, but real men and women with emotions as keen as our own.
Second Test Scheduled Before a positive test can be confirmed, however, a second analysis of the same sample must be conducted.
"More and more teachers are trying to help children understand that caring for their environment should be an everyday part of their lives," said the president of the Connecticut Outdoor Environmental Education Association, Susan Craig.
But he said in an interview that he did not really want to do that at Cornell, feeling that, "once you resign as dean, it is not possible to drop back to a lower administrative level in the same institution."
In South Africa, the group would meet with government and opposition political figures and labor and church leaders in Johannesburg and Cape Town, and the black township of Soweto.
Could this be the mark of a once powerful emperor?
Here is an apt sound and way with the language, but the tone is often shallow and a little unsteady, and the interpretations are bland.
They must create real alternatives to those who would turn our society on the path which left so many victims in the past."
And even steps that might seem to reduce risk are making things worse, Mr. Selin said.
It becomes particularly hard when schools like Georgetown and Louisville, with tradition and name players, have poor seasons.
Some of the demontrators even scaled a clinic wall in what the judge, Patrick F. Kelly, said was "the heaviest challenge yet" to the court's authority.
That's a comfortable cushion over the 5,000 minimum.
"The Republicans sacrifice education whenever they are trying to fix the economy," he said.
I think the Jordanians have to sort out their internal problems the way they look at this matter.
Activated Darryl Freeman and Eric Glenn, guards, from the taxi squad.
Edmund G. Brown Jr. of California announced his third campaign for the Presidency today in front of Independence Hall.
He also blocked a potential game-winning shot by Ron Harper at the fourth-quarter buzzer.
At the time, he sought the advice of Elizabeth C. Hall, who was then the doyenne of American horticultural librarians, at the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx.
But, now, whites have all but universally abandoned not only Dwight Morrow but the town's four elementary schools as well.
The bus, en route to Buffalo from New York City, overturned at 6:15 A.M., during a light drizzle in Caroline, which is about 10 miles southeast of Ithaca, said a Tompkins County sheriff's dispatcher, Jeff Mead.
Diplomats say that coming on the heels of such a vote the missile episode deeply embarrasses Mrs. Chamorro and her aides.
chairmen and enforcement officials, who viewed them as playing a significant role as "private attorneys general" supplementing the agency's efforts by helping to enforce securities laws.
"Without it we will be somewhat smaller," he said, "but we will certainly still be profitable."
No one knew if and when Ryan would pitch another no-hitter.
All over the country, the ribbons themselves are reported to be hot items in the shops.
During Patrick's tenure as general manager of the Rangers, who replaced him with Phil Esposito after the 1986 season, the team went to the Stanley Cup semifinals twice.
But Boston has had to deal with that.
By the end of the 1960's, alcohol and pills were impairing her creativity, and the quest for fame had become an end in itself.
They believe they know how the system works, coming from a hard neighborhood, and they worry that their children are thinking, "Mommy, is he going to chop my head off, too?"
HARRY EMERSON OTTO Stone Harbor, N.J.
Ms. Miller, who describes herself as someone who has always been hyperactive, said all these activities "just keep me from going crazy."
One would surely have thought we had gone beyond that state.
Third of five articles, page D1.
leaders say they will roll back about $550 million in taxes.
Among other things, Eastern's machinists' and pilots' unions accused the airline of doctoring maintenance records and not making repairs properly in an effort to cut costs.
Corn, at $2.44 a bushel, was up from $2.39 in March but still trailed the average a year earlier of $2.51 a bushel.
Open daily from 9 A.M. to 5 P.M., closed Dec. 25.
The student-teacher ratio here is 22.7, ranking California 50th in the nation, although actual class size is considerably larger because of the number of specialized teachers.
They say their hope is that just as Japan started in a small way a decade ago and has developed into an important rights market, Eastern Europe may gradually emerge as a lucrative market.
The Strong Money Market fund paid the best return on investment for the week, with a yield of 7.28 percent.
SHE'S BEING called "the mother of all mothers."
Mr. Dallek makes a point of counterbalancing this sort of material with blandly sunny on-the-other-hand statements.
Tracing its roots to Gallo-Roman times, Bayeux boasts a three-towered cathedral consecrated in the 11th century, half-timbered buildings dating back to the 14th century and a fine tradition of lace-making.
Courier, who might have worn a dunce cap instead of his trademark white baseball cap, considering the number of times he was sent into a corner, was literally not available to chase it.
Queen Elizabeth II presented the trophy to Australian captain Nick Farr-Jones after his team withstood a late English comeback.
Tom also remembers, soon after, being led to his father's bedside upstairs in the station.
But the Government would have the largest role in trying to resettle Qiryat Arba's Ethiopians.
But once hostilities ceased, France, Belgium, Italy and the Netherlands all sent advanced mine-hunting vessels.
She graduated from the University of Pennsylvania.
The PRI will likely fall short of the two-thirds majority in the Chamber of Deputies that would enable it to amend the Constitution at will, but some officials said that a need to negotiate some aspects of future reforms was politically expedient.
Previously, the tournament was open only to the 10 South American nations.
And that process almost always involves forming an attachment to an older architect, a mentor, whose style becomes a model for the younger designer.
"And that is your hope, to get out after 8 and 1/3 years?"
Val Pinchbeck, the league's director of broadcasting, said: "We meet with the networks routinely, where the subject of their losses has come up.
He graduated from Princeton University.
Until recently Mr. Kearse thought he had a solid commitment from the county to move the traffic-adjudication bureau to the building.
The longer you leave the money in the I.R.A., the more valuable the tax deferral.
He is ready to reassess the mad excesses of 80's materialism from an aggressively mellow 90's point of view.
The company said its systemwide sales, those for both company-owned and franchised restaurants, totaled $761 million for the quarter, compared with $740 million a year earlier.
"We hope that they will become little crack missionaries," said Charles Simmons, the lone grandfather in the group, whose three children are drug abusers and who, along with his wife, is raising three grandchildren.
"He did an excellent job distributing the ball."
If water is diverted to help flush the fish out to sea, Federal officials have said electric rates in the Northwest, which are among the cheapest in the country, could go up by as much as 33 percent.
Transfer the lamb to a platter and spoon the sauce over it.
On Tuesday, in what has been read by many as an attempt to make an end run around R.D.
Abdour Rahman Mangara, from eastern Gambia, plays the plucked four-string lute called the gambare, a precursor of the banjo.
Properties Acquired From City The Heart of Camden acquires the abandoned properties from the city and sells the rehabilitated homes to low-income families at minimal cost.
The debacles of 1948, 1956 and 1967 shook the Arab world to its very roots.
Also, Einson will handle promotional business for Promotional Campaigns clients in this country, while Promotional Campaigns will handle Einson's clients abroad.
And the 7 percent two-year notes were offered at 99 7/8, up 2/32, to yield 7.06 percent.
Peter A. Burleigh, a senior career Foreign Service officer and a personal friend, has already been designated as her successor.
Consumers will be offered $5 off the $24.98 retail price of the tape through a mail-in rebate with a Pepsi purchase.
Over the last several weeks, Mr. Najibullah has made one proposal after another aimed at finding a political rather than a military solution to the civil war raging across the country.
"If there's a Yankee highlight, you see it," Righetti said.
When the Icelandic team held the North-South cards, it played the hand in six diamonds, and had no difficult in making this contract.
On the grounds is a dormitory with space for 111 people ($11 a person a night) and 40 rooms with four beds in each ($16).
The American Petroleum Institute said this week that the decline in gasoline inventories was primarily a result of oil companies selling off stocks of certain types of gasoline that cannot be sold during the warmer months, beginning May 1, because of tighter environmental standards aimed at controlling summertime air pollution.
As Mr. Patterson observes, in late antiquity and in the Middle Ages the search for the liberation of the soul provided (although inadvertently) new independence for women who could choose to practice celibacy under the auspices of the Christian Church.
"I've been in there before."
Penn tailback Sundiata Rush led all rushers with 132 yards on 27 carries.
Why let Saddam ruin our game?"
He began as he does every day, with a 7:30 A.M. Mass in the whitewashed windowless chapel in the basement of the presidential palace.
for the 19th straight year, the "Birkie" featured skiers from all 50 states and more than 20 countries.
Only once before, in 1989, were the Tigers good enough to be included in the Division I tournament.
The overall race includes seven road segments of 80 to 145 miles each, two circuit races (several loops of a closed course) and a criterium (a downtown circuit race).
Philip Haas's film, originally presented on PBS, lets the artist indulge his own playful approach, revealing at least as much about Mr. Hockney as it does about the scroll.
It has, in a way, re-embodied pop music, reconnecting an audio product to a visual presentation.
The five-hour concert ended with a performance of some of his songs by the Melody Makers, a Marley family group led by the singer's son Ziggy, who in his singing and appearance bears a strong resemblance to his father.
At Bromfield School in Kent, Jackie Simms and other students in the fifth-grade wrote letters in vain to city officials in nearby Ravenna urging them to call off a balloon launching on Dec. 7.
Mrs. Taylor had wondered publicly whether racial and economic considerations had entered into the stalled talks, and her meeting with Yankee General Manager Gene Michael, which ended that concern, had not yet taken place.
'Winning Attitudes' "Well, if it was four years ago," Thomas said with a laugh, thinking of Gary Carter and Keith Hernandez in their prime.
Other legislation, much calling for the recycling of materials in batteries, is pending in several states.
City officials said they had compiled a list of more than 60 sites, including city and private property, where the shelters would be built.
But investors still troubled by the prospect of disappointing third-quarter corporate profits found very little to move them toward taking buy positions.
An explosion at a laundry tonight leveled a Springfield Avenue building and sent at least five people to area hospitals with minor injuries, officials said.
Brokaw, a former Notre Dame and National Basketball Association player, was an assistant at Notre Dame before taking the Iona job.
Janney's tying goal came after a disputed call by Referee Dan Maroueli with 4:11 left in regulation that gave the Bruins a two-man advantage for 1:42.
In a conventional system, an X-ray is beamed through the body and onto an intensifying screen coated with a rare earth phosphor that converts the beam into visible light and exposes the film.
Conventional cancer drugs attempt to kill malignant cells, but their aim is so poor that they are often ineffective and destroy many normal cells, producing notorious side effects.
But no one here is sad or angry."
He was 46 years old and lived in Manhattan.
Mr. Doroff, 42 years old, who was chairman and chief executive of the Federated/ Allied Merchandising Services before joining Bonwit 10 months ago, said he planned to pursue other opportunities in retailing.
In the face of such a concerted commitment to break the law and frustrate its local enforcement, Federal court jurisdiction under the Ku Klux Klan Act of 1871 is a necessary legal and practical tool against the illegal blockades of Operation Rescue, just as it was against murderous gang violence by the Ku Klux Klan more than a century ago.
Gerard J. Byrne, the Commissioner of Parks and Recreation for Greenburgh, said 15 garden plots were laid out in April adjacent to three Montrose Housing Authority high-rise apartment buildings and were flourishing.
Maj. Robert E. Wilson, the highest ranking noncommissioned officer in the VII Corps, said, "It's just a very dangerous time right now, the uncertainty."
One is the Virginia Inn, a former sailor's bar at First and Virginia, which now specializes in art and ale.
They may be high on the hills above the Pacific, which have good views but require a hike to and from the water, or on the beach, which are generally more expensive.
And it confronts our children.
Order spring bulbs, roses, perennials, shrubs, berry bushes and trees for fall planting.
All deceptive plays try to take advantage of the ignorance of an opponent.
Jim Florio, became effective on July 1 of this year and ends on June 30, 1992.
Now a jury gets the chance to decide, albeit on a somewhat narrower issue.
The Giants (4-4) have not exactly set the world on fire.
They participate enthusiastically, dipping their fingers into different foods and licking them, to noisy laughter.
The novelists never told us that in love, as in other matters, the young are just beginners and that the art of loving matures with age and experience."
Amid rumors that the A.T.& T. board met yesterday to consider raising its bid, Mr. Exley said the NCR board would be obliged to evaluate any new offer.
His nervous appraisal of mounting another unicycle that was six feet high was a delight, as was his lurching progress about the stage on it, while juggling three lethal looking machetes.
Dollar-based investments look more dear to overseas investors.
The ending is ingenious and rather sad.
Two yearning lovers are eerily combative in "The Albinoni Affair," dedicated to Paul Sanasardo, with whom Mr. Rioult danced, and performed to the familiar Albinoni Adagio.
In a bowl, beat the egg yolks with the sugar and the dissolved cornstarch until blended well.
A British Airways spokesman, John Lampl, said the Concorde pilot saw red lights and realized it was either another plane or a truck.
TLC Beatrice International, the international food company controlled by the New York financier Reginald F. Lewis, this week reported fourth-quarter net income of $4.5 million, compared with a loss of $15 million in the corresponding period of 1989.
The movie theater itself was one of the first built in the United States, dating to 1917, before talkies.
The department refused to comment.
Future talks will be on June 11, 18 and 25 and July 9.
Changes Termed 'Logical' But a lobbyist for the drug industry, who would speak only on the condition of anonymity, said: "We are surprised that Senator Pryor is surprised.
Just Heat and Serve The Boston Seafood Show, the largest trade show in the country devoted exclusively to seafood, was held last week, and one thing was clear: there will be more processed products that need only be heated and served.
"I don't have any work; I can't find any work out here," said Eli Noga, who is 34.
"When I write literature, I concentrate on what is truly literature, something larger than politics.
Twelve days ago, they were nine games out of first.
The plane ride back home from Houston was not as wild as the ride back from Miami last week.
There were also signs of fighting in the outskirts of Mosul, Iraq's third-largest city, 30 miles away.
The Florio administration, faced with what could be a billion-dollar shortfall next fiscal year and the elimination of 4,000 state workers, plans to halve the state's subsidies to the network, a showcase for events and issues that are peculiarly New Jerseyan.
Feb. 22: Bank reported $1.11 billion loss for 1989.
We have an impeccable track record signing and further developing established artists -- in 20 years we've yet to regret a single deal struck with an established star.
Mr. Kors touches on many current trends, from lacy bodysuits to side-slit long skirts and plaids.
The nation's longest collegiate winning streak came to an end after 23 games 59 minutes 59 seconds yesterday when Williams College, last beaten in 1988, succumbed to a last-second touchdown by Trinity College in Williamstown, Mass.
"I feel like we'd be doing something if he were around.
They begin by driving a United Parcel truck for three months."
As the rumor spread, other incidents followed.
The piano tone was exceedingly warm, but his use of it seemed less to celebrate an instrument than to search for a tune's lyric possibilities and for the harmonic side streets around its fundamental chord structure.
"Shutting down their running game made their play-action passes less effective, and that was the whole key to our defensive success," said Lionel Washington, the Raiders' right cornerback.
Most are eaten by predators.
Failures in the services sector jumped 58.7 percent, to 5,437, from 3,425 a year earlier.
He specializes in taking common fashion themes and making them special with his shapes.
He noted that in a similar constitutional conundrum nine years ago, the Chief Judge at the time, Lawrence H. Cooke, recused himself from a case in which he was being sued by the Manhattan District Attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, over a system the judge had devised for promoting judges.
On the Big Board, Harris shares fell 25 cents today, to $22.625.
6% The three-year notes mature May 15, 1994.
Chief Judge Stephen G. Breyer said concern for state independence does "not give a state the legal power to violate Federal law .
The Comptroller's report showed that disbursements to local governments for social services, which pay for grants to welfare and Medicaid recipients, was up 17 percent over the first six months of last year.
It came down to this: a 41-yard pass from Jay Schroeder to Ethan Horton that led the Raiders to a 20-10 victory over the Cincinnati Bengals and put them in the American Conference title game next Sunday against the Bills in Buffalo.
The airline said its operating expenses had risen 16 percent because of its new international routes to Europe and Asia.
They did not show what, if anything, Rodney G. King may have done to provoke such fury, but that hardly mattered: there he was, helpless on the street, being kicked and clubbed by the guardians of law and order who surrounded him.
Bob Nelson, replacement umpire and computer salesman, woke up yesterday morning to discover his latest sports fantasy stint would be a short one.
But suddenly all that has changed.
But the drugs can produce nervousness and irregular heartbeat, and some experts maintain that too large a dose may be fatal.
Fight the panic -- it's worse than the back pain.
She expects discipline and resilience, and encourages an entrepreneurial attitude, leaving each broker to find an individual way to rack up sales.
Dave Righetti could also benefit from pitching against batters who haven't seen him for the last 10 years.
Or, "It's just like Hemingway, only not so many periods."
Governor Richards, a former teacher, spoke at commencement exercises for about 1,300 graduates and undergraduates in the Colleges of Education and Engineering, and graduates in the College of Medicine.
In October 1989, Representative John D. Dingell, Democrat of Michigan, began an inquiry into the F.D.A.
The ban, which was announced in The Government Gazette in Pretoria, made an exemption for so-called traditional weapons at cultural events provided that prior notice is given.
Three years ago, Kaiser began hiring "counter-detail men," or pharmacists who roam the hospitals drumming up support for older, less expensive drugs.
Because of the lower rate, Choice card customers must be those deemed more creditworthy than others and they must forgo many services provided to other Citibank card holders, like free travel insurance, extended warranty protection on purchased goods and the 24-hour card replacement promise.
But during the last two months, he had sold that as well, he said.
After Weeghman sold the Cubs to the Wrigleys four years later, the park was first renamed Cubs Park, but six years after that, it became Wrigley Field.
Major political parties have criticized the Government, which is dominated by Civic Forum, the party of President Vaclav Havel.
This season's first half has produced such a possibility.
Compromise Stalls The compromise stalled after the Mayor on Monday announced his support for the Chancellor's plan without amendments.
of an injunction barring him from the industry.
Art Since 1940," by Pamela Lee, at 11 A.M. tomorrow.
Add the 1 1/2 tablespoons of oil and stir-fry the scallions and garlic for 30 seconds.
In that year, Israeli warplanes destroyed Iraq's Osirak reactor.
Rodney Hampton will replace him as the third-down back, so Lewis Tillman and Ottis Anderson (remember him?)
Namibia as a Stepping Stone Under today's agreement, those granted amnesty will be allowed to "peacefully return to South Africa without risk of arrest, detention, imprisonment or legal proceedings whether civil or criminal in respect of any political offense."
And that's the way they want to keep it.
But the United States will not be No.
And she hoped to bring together themes of continuing value to her: the primacy of family, the importance of education, spirituality and discipline.
The same principle ought to govern in both situations: democracy needs diversity.
If Hudson County is viewed as a whole, Mr. Hughes said, he sees Miami as a model for the area's future.
The better educated we are, the better off we will be as a nation.
Because of an editing error, an article in some copies on Saturday about a proposed increase in first-class postage misstated the price of a 20- stamp book of 29-cent stamps.
He immigrated to the United States from his native Lithuania in 1920 and soon became a prominent figure in Yiddish literary circles.
He says he is signing up scores of volunteers to work in the primary here, as well as in primaries and caucuses in other states, but few are in place thus far.
He can't even see straight.
Serious violence was also reported in or near Karlovac, Pakrac, Beli Manastir and other towns in the separatist republic.
Among the recent visitors was Lisa Schmal's fifth-grade class from Public School 33 in Queens Village.
McCullough's basketball pace feeds off the city's vibrations, and that is why he chose Pitt.
The notes are rated Baa-3 by Moody's and BBB by S.& P. * Gulf States Utilities Co., Beaumont, Tex., has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for $200 million in debentures, due 1998, through Goldman, Sachs & Co. * Martin Marietta Corp. has filed for a $200 million shelf offering.
One of these East-West combinations -- a 17th-century black lacquer tray lavishly decorated with a Chinese pavilion on an English-made tripod base -- is shown at $105,000.
He sings all their voices and eventually enters their kingdom."
The houses would have to be one-family homes no more than 40 feet high and occupy no more than 20 percent of its lot.
"No more Cubas" became a rallying cry that swayed Presidents and Congress.
As I understand the gentle art of rhetoric, one of its unwritten rules is: "Context is everything."
Now at Halfway Point The next morning, one local newspaper declared that Barcelona "failed the only big test before 1992."
"Unfortunately, I remember it all very clearly," said Joan Rivers, the comedian, who was asked by Barneys New York to provide captions for a series of seriously Fifties photographs.
But the 35-year-old quarterback was seeking opinions from other specialists, one source said.
The Prosecutor's office released a 27-page statement saying that the grand jury's decision not to charge the officer was based upon the finding that "the shooting which unfortunately resulted in Mr. Cintron's death was justified under the circumstances of this occurrence."
When Mr. Bowen announced in July that he would join McCann, he said he wanted to complete that work before changing jobs.
Senator Albert Gore Jr., Democrat of Tennessee, a committee member who dissented in the July 17 vote, is among those leading the charge against the plan.
Those who enjoy watching Patrick Ewing play against David Robinson will get their wish Tuesday night.
Agents or brokers might make exceptions if they have personal loyalties to particular insurers, either because of being trained by those insurers or receiving larger commissions from them.
(617-267-9300) "DENNIS OPPENHEIM: AND THE MIND GREW FINGERS, SELECTED WORKS FROM 1967-1991" A three-floor survey of this erratic yet prominent contributor to earthworks, body art, process art and installation art, a compleat early 1970's artist who still finds new things to do.
We come across a cascade of light, and there is eternity.
But getting out of the rut is what so many merchants seem to fear.
House Democrats today unveiled a campaign-finance reform plan that would tax lobbyists to help pay for elections but would still allow candidates to raise two-thirds of their money from wealthy donors and special interests.
And one interception, which ended a final chance.
Among Contested Cuts Governor Cuomo said today that he would not comment on any elements of the legislators' plan until he had seen the entire budget proposal.
"They're asking us to just by calm and to stay home," one youth who refused to be identified said.
We left our car in Parking Lot C ($35 for the week).
Officials said Defense Secretary Dick Cheney's latest plan to shrink the military, expected to be announced Friday, included proposals to close or scale down more than 30 bases.
Another possibility, she said, is that Judge Thomas's memory is now selective, but not deliberately so.
He said the city is considering furloughs, early retirements and wage deferrals.
Nearly all the salmon that survive their oceanic odyssey return unerringly to the streams in which their lives began.
State officials fear that what began as a trickle could turn into an uncontrollable flood as soon as current Canadian disposal contracts expire.
For the stock: 4 pounds veal bones 2 pounds chicken necks and wings 1 large onion 3 cloves garlic 3 carrots, sliced 2 leeks, sliced, including green part 3/4 bottle dry white wine 2 cups chopped plum tomatoes, with their juice 1 tablespoon tomato paste 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns 6 sprigs fresh thyme 8 sprigs parsley 8 quarts water For the poussins or Cornish hens: 1 orange 8 poussins or Cornish hens, air-dried overnight in refrigerator 2 bunches fresh rosemary 4 tablespoons olive oil Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper to taste 16 large shallots 2 tablespoons unsalted butter.
The technology used here recuperates only 60 percent of the ore, much lower than an 85 percent recovery rate with modern technology, said Mr. Hanan of Ebesa.
Nutri/System promptly countersued Stanford on Tuesday and said in a statement, "We are stunned and outraged by this attitude of the administrative staff of this very prestigious university."
Much of the violence appeared to have been started by rival gangs, and much of it took place in Los Angeles, where the film, "Boyz N the Hood," is set.
Before making the shift, the average assessment error in Rochester was about 29 percent, Mr. Jacobs said.
Several important economic indicators on inflation and the pace of the economy are scheduled to be released today and tomorrow and that could affect the course of the dollar.
Mr. McCord, director of security for President Richard M. Nixon's 1972 re-election campaign, later wrote a letter to Judge John J. Sirica implicating White House and Republican campaign officials in the burglary and with trying to cover up the incident.
They were not dependent on long-term relations with sources in government.
The loss snapped the Bears' five-game winning streak and left them at 9-3.
The program is made possible each year through a grant from the PPG Industries Foundation and in cooperation with WQED-FM and the American Federation of Musicians (Pittsburgh Local 60-471).
Mr. Garamendi's concerns yesterday were said to have stemmed largely from what he saw as extensive problems at First Capital Holdings, at both its California subsidiary, Fidelity Capital, and its Virginia subsidiary, the Fidelity Bankers Life Insurance Company, which has 37.6 percent of its assets in junk bonds, according to Weiss Research, a West Palm Beach, Fla., firm.
"It's more important to keep what you made," said Fred Astman, the chief investment officer of First Wilshire Securities Management of Los Angeles, which ranked second among investment advisers for the first half, according to estimates released yesterday by CDA Investment Technologies.
It can lead to a better understanding of the Arabs, past and present.
Only if the players demand it.
The palace tends to regard the press with upper-class disdain.
I congratulate Mr. Gorbachev for this positive step."
This is the 10th season at Confidencen, a theater dating from 1753 on the grounds of Ulriksdal, a royal summer palace.
"How could you come in here and say that about Dinkins, talking about politics?"
"This is no longer an island of tranquillity," said a top police official in Bangalore, the state capital, as he described the police and military operation last month that tracked two Sri Lankan Tamils and their followers to a small house near here.
By emphasizing the artificiality of the self-consciously clever steps and poses, both dancers resembled fashion models made to look emotionally distraught as well as chic by arty photographers.
Revenue totaled $3.23 billion, up from $2.97 billion in the 1990 quarter.
But he denied a statement by one of the defense lawyers, Louis R. Aidala, who represents 21-year-old Michael Calandrillo, that she "may be balking" at testifying altogether.
A6 Austria refuses to withdraw troops From Slovenia border A6 American policy toward Yugoslavia, as repeatedly articulated by top-ranking officials, is aimed primarily at preventing a full-scale civil war in the Balkan country.
EARLIER this month, in a windowless 35th-floor office of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development in Manhattan's Federal Plaza, signatures were affixed to a document that was the product of five years of civic and political strife and an estimated $12 million in lawyers' fees.
Somebody is bound to say something like, "Allahu akbar!"
The Pittsburgh-based company, which operates the nation's largest steelmaker, also said it had entered into an agreement with Carl C. Icahn, its largest shareholder, under which the investor would not purchase additional shares for seven years.
The book said Mr. Maxwell also has had ties with Mossad, the Israeli intelligence service.
Dr. Press, said he was aware of the new data from the Institute for Scientific Information and had begun citing them.
Group Crashed Party Deputy Chief Kenneth Carey, head of the Nassau County police bias unit, said the young men arrested were part of a larger group that crashed a party at a nearby house and began taunting Jermaine, a 17-year-old junior and star football player at Lawrence High School.
"We're a month late around here," he said.
He fingered the tiny bandage above his nose.
But it did find isolated instances of enthusiasm and resourcefulness.
THE IGNORANT PERFECTION OF ORDINARY PEOPLE By Robert Inchausti.
There are indications that state and national Hibernian leaders are trying to persuade the local group to come up with an acceptable compromise.
Later, he settled several civil cases growing from the complaints, reimbursed the complainants, agreed to give up practicing medicine and moved to Provo, Utah.
The officers theorized that the Iraqi leader wanted to keep the planes intact for postwar use against regional rivals or to use them against the coalition forces in this war after ground combat starts.
SCIENTISTS from Germany and the United States have found strong new evidence that hot gas between the stars in the Milky Way, Earth's galaxy, is more widespread than was once believed.
"They can cover a lot of ground.
Though they would like to see the problem solved as soon as possible, environmentalists and New York State officials are skeptical about General Electric's approach.
Heading the Big Board's most active list was Pepsico, which rose 1/4, to 29, on a volume of 5.4 million shares.
"When I did my first musical, 'I Love My Wife,' in 1977, it cost $485,000," she said.
Kenneth Lothaire Isaacs, an investment banker and former chairman of Massachusetts Investors Trust, died yesterday at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.
"Today we can air all the complaints," Healy replied to that scientist.
The younger students, many of whom have never been out of San Antonio before, joined their principals, 11 teachers, 14 Trinity students and 7 Y.M.C.A.
Commercial companies typically pay donors, because separating the plasma from the whole blood, which is done at the bedside, can take as long as three hours.
Those bonds do relatively well, although they will take losses.
Mr. Diaz was reported in stable condition yesterday at Kings County Hospital and Mr. Fantauzzi was reported stable at Bellevue Hospital.
The three-year notes are available in minimum amounts of $5,000 while the 10-year and 30-year issues may be bought in amounts as small as $1,000.
The track and field, swimming and boxing federations sent mostly second- and third-string squads because the top athletes were preparing for world championships.
Lithuanians were joined by contingents of ethnic Russians, Poles, and Byelorussians in a solemn show of grief that was also, many in the crowd said, a referendum in support of the besieged government of President Vytautas Landsbergis, still barricaded in the parliament building.
But he added: "I don't think they should get that excited about beating us.
Willie Brown, the Hall of Fame defensive back who played with the Raiders and was one of Allen's assistant coaches at Long Beach State, had his last meeting with Allen last weekend.
Another $500 million is to be dispensed in October.
Kay Summersby, appears likely to stir renewed debate over whether the two were lovers during the last year of World War II.
For Valentine's Eve For that last-minute dream valentine, a number of designers and artists have donated pieces for an auction tomorrow night at the Cooper Union gallery to benefit Bailey House, the first permanent residence in New York for men and women with AIDS.
As a result of an array of rules and formulas, the city government exercises complete discretion over only between a quarter and a half of its nearly $29 billion budget.
In addition to the Doehler Jarvis sale, the bondholders are challenging the recent sale of some Fruit of the Loom stock.
Her mother is an assistant professor of Spanish and Latin American literature at Fordham University.
Mr. and Mrs. Ridder are survived by five children: Karen, Mark, Maureen and Victor L. 3d, all of New Rochelle, and Kristin Ridder Keith of Virginia Beach, Va. Mr. Ridder is also survived by six sisters, Alice Dailey of Litchfield, Conn., Kathleen Brunelli of Peekskill, N.Y., Mary Jane Ridder of Stamford, Conn., Rosemary Bohannon of Larchmont, Ann Jordan of Alexandria, Va., and Elizabeth Daily of Larchmont and a brother, Myles, of Larchmont.
All employees included in the layoffs will receive a minimum of two months' pay.
As the workshop proceeded, disputes flared.
My family needs an America that is kinder and gentler to all."
They could say only that the damage would total in the millions.
The only exceptions are the Andulasian Express, which is a special train owned and operated by Renfe (the Spanish Railroad) and the Pablo Casals from Barcelona to Milan and Zurich, which is a special hotel train.
'It's Much Too Early to Tell' The Commerce Department said yesterday that it was taking a wait-and-see position on questions about the Soviet business climate.
"We hate each other on sight," Miss Andrews said.
The winning bidder would receive broad control over the company, local telephone industry officials said.
In the off seasons, in his hometown, Perrysburg, Ohio, a suburb of Toledo, he drove a truck, he worked in the post office, and he labored in a glass factory, where he cut out windshields.
"It's their talent mostly," said Klatt, "but not the Jim McKays and Al Michaelses.
Professor Carter finds that belief wrong and pernicious.
The cause of the ailment is not known, and though it often begins in childhood it can occur at any age.
Between them, Israel and Jordan use so much of the river's water that the level of the Dead Sea is reportedly dropping.
The package was so new last summer that the conductors were puzzled by the passes but, with a bit of mime, it worked beautifully for us.
The Skeptics Grow Loud But here and in Washington, the voices of the skeptical are growing louder.
That decision, in 1989, declared New York City's Board of Estimate unconstitutional on the ground that it violated the principle of one person, one vote.
BOARDWALK: None -- just a cement sidewalk that curves around the short strip of sand.
(Pins are sometimes given away as promotions or are sold in card and souvenir shops.)
I'm glad, one way or another, that we have an opportunity to play against them because what can possibly be bad about us playing against them and our kids growing up and understanding what this is about."
The Sonata is more dramatic, but its attractions are similar.
On Dec. 15 at 2 P.M. at the Brooklyn Historical Society, 128 Pierrepont Street, Brooklyn Heights.
The match, televised nationally by CBS Sports from Las Vegas, Nev., was won by Mr. Connors.
I do know this, though.
A woman learning that she is pregnant can't even be told that abortion is a legal option.
"It was a concern, but first base is a lot of fun," Bagwell said, discussing his introduction to a new position.
27-2053 of the city's Housing Maintenance Code obligates an owner of a building with nine or more units to either be a resident owner who serves as superintendent or to provide janitorial service 24 hours a day.
Dr. Ralph N. Mould, a Presbyterian minister and peace advocate, died on Wednesday at Waveny Care Center in New Canaan, Conn.
When in their lives have they ever had a strong experience?"
Reversing his earlier position that he would not contribute to the cost of his trip to South Africa next month, Mayor David N. Dinkins said yesterday that he had donated $5,000 to pay his own way.
Although the station was given a budget of just $100 per year to buy foreign-made records and tapes, somehow it always seemed to have the latest hits by artists from the Sex Pistols to Bob Dylan.
By one count, 196 Haitians, including many of Dr. Duvalier's closest collaborators, were killed by the Macoutes in the month of May alone.
Viola has won 126 games over the last seven seasons and is one of the cornerstones of what is arguably baseball's most imposing pitching staff.
On mowers, the plug is usually underneath the cutting deck.
The Congress, and its permanently sitting offshoot, the parliament, at least spoke up often -- too often for fashioning concrete compromise, perhaps, but often enough to reflect the motley agenda of the people who had half-elected them in the first place.
"I locked myself in here like a prison."
There, wig shops and a Woolworth's compete for customers and a check-cashing business attracts so many welfare recipients on check day that vendors set up shop inside the office doors to sell cheap jewelry and incense to a ready market.
"Now I get calls not just from the band members, but from from the agents, the attorneys, the manager of the band and the people who carry their insurance, all of them concerning themselves in advance of a big tour."
Crystal, an adjunct professor of business at the University of California, Berkeley, and a longtime business consultant.
Ron Wolf and those guys did a good job.
That's not what I'm paid for.
Anorexia, bulimia or another self-destructive illness seems to be a major criterion for winning the contests.
"When a buyer comes in, we want to set a tone that they're in a building that has exquisite taste," he said.
Actually a moving toy, with a name taken from thaumatology, which is the scientific study of miracles, the thaumatrope was invented in 1826.
Consider the tools of Thomas Heller's trade: "autopsy reports .
He died in the fire.
Junior men - Skip Connors, San Antonio.
Mr. Toure said he had asked Marjorie Stone, the general counsel for Sotheby's, to postpone the sale of the sculpture, a stylized zoomorphic figure with a pinkish-brown patina, believed to have been fired in the Inland Niger Delta in Mali between 500 and 1,000 years ago.
For the moment, a truce has been reached.
Some leading veterinary scientists, alarmed by the rush for a magic answer to what they feel is sometimes an inflated fear, have urged that the vaccine be used sparingly until more is learned about its effectiveness and long-term safety.
The lower part of the dome, however, is covered with shingles that look like a fish's scales.
His setting takes 11 bars of the purest four-part harmonization.
St. Vincent started the order to care for the poor," says Sister Irene, "but where did he spend most of his time?
To the Editor: Returning recently from St. Croix, a year after volunteering to clear debris from the plant nursery of St. George Village Botanical Garden, I was as delighted as Cynthia Hacinli ("What's Doing in St. Croix, Travel, March 10) to find the island well on its way to recovery.
You know, it's like, why?"
'Kids Want to Identify' "Peekskill has a tremendous need for services for youths," said Anne Nolon, executive director of the Peekskill Area Health Center.
If the budget is stretched out, does that mean that yet another bad turn in the economy next year would leave the state budget in worse shape than if state leaders had bitten the bullet and cut all the $700 million now?
It has now become a multibillion-dollar business and is expected to top $100 billion before the end of the century.
WATTS S. HUMPHREY Pittsburgh, Pa., April 10
That requires billions of rubles.
That idea is "still a long ways from being tested," said Dr. Robert J. Charlson, an atmospheric chemist at the University of Washington in Seattle who was the co-author of a 1987 paper proposing the idea.
A Kuwaiti climatologist, Dr. Hassan Nasrallah, said smoke emitted from tall stacks can sometimes poke through and escape the inversion.
Indeed, the senators seem so eager to overlook his past that they're sowing doubt about their will to oversee the C.I.A.
And she watched with affection as Vanoye Aikens, who had partnered her, charmed the crowd with his extravagant repartee as the master of ceremonies.
CAROL DICKENSON New York, N.Y., March 5
Reds 4, Cubs 3 CINCINNATI (AP) -- Paul O'Neill hit his third homer in three games and rookie Chris Hammond remained perfect in three starts as Cincinnati beat Chicago.
's shares closed unchanged on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday at $39.25, while NCR shares gained 25 cents to close at $108.
Pete Sampras and David Wheaton also advanced, but took contrasting routes to the third round.
He'll be a wide receiver 50 percent of the time, a slot back and running back the other 50 percent."
Early the next morning Mr. Stuart's body was found in the Mystic River after he apparently jumped to his death from a highway bridge.
Or perhaps the deal will ultimately be done at $13.50 a share, and the share price for House of Fabrics will rise on the market's perception that the takeover was a bargain.
This spring, it is offering the only hard-cover edition of the collected poems of William Carlos Williams.
Change shoes every three to six months.
The love is passionate, expressed in sumptuously lyrical arias.
Speech Codes Many campuses have passed special codes that ban obnoxious and harassing speech and behavior in an attempt to keep peace on racially and ethnically divided campuses only to find those codes challenged, and later overturned, in Federal courts on constitutional grounds.
He wanted to work in many materials but his stone sculptures are often inert.
Not a Video Game "It's a very difficult time," said Bonnie Garvin, spokeswoman for the National Campaign for Peace in the Middle East.
By January he had distributed Swedish passports to at least 20,000 Budapest Jews, often at personal risk, and had sheltered 13,000 in houses with diplomatic protection.
According to the economist Robert Kuttner, that share fell from 70 percent to 5 percent over the last few decades.
And the uncertainty over oil prices, the unending price cutting and chronic overcapacity among tire producers, plus anemic auto sales, are likely to keep the industry in a tailspin.
Some investors and tax experts are puzzling over why Petrie Stores has not taken advantage of a proven technique to solve a tax problem it has had for years.
The highly politicized Federal agencies and a lethargic, confused Congress are unlikely to act without any effective grass roots citizen action.
"I haven't lost my heart and I haven't lost my soul, and the Democratic Party hasn't either."
An additional $72,000 comes from a matching grant from the state.
Nor is there evidence that directly contradicts any specific statement by Mr. Gates about what he knew.
Gore Sharply Differs But Senator Al Gore, the Tennessee Democrat who has strongly opposed the Administration's position, said in a statement, "The longer we wait, the harder the necessary actions become."
He may or may not have inside information, but for the record, this is today's sole entry on the official public schedule for Mayor David N. Dinkins of New York: "6:00 P.M. Attends the victory of the New York Giants in the 1991 Super Bowl.
4 2 6 THE DRUID OF SHANNARA, by Terry Brooks.
Retired in 1982 Carrier moved to Syracuse a few months later and Mr. Holm began his advance.
Today, there are no warning signs are on the original Liberty site, which sits between a playground and a row of houses across Motor Avenue.
The workers eventually got their money when the city re-entered the financial markets and could balance its budget even with the workers' raises, which happened in the early 1980's.
Detroit has eliminated Chicago from the playoffs for three consecutive seasons: once in the conference semifinals and twice in the conference finals.
Now what, the gentleman down front asks, does a model train exhibit opening May 19 have to do with one of history's most intriguing capitalists?
But critics have responded that Federal goals of 50 to 75 percent reductions in phosphorous are unscientific and probably impossible to achieve technically.
"I do not call this living," she wrote.
A Stolen Car They noticed that the interior light was on and the rear vent window on the driver's side was broken, and when they approached they saw a figure inside.
I couldn't let anyone know I had a horrible disaster below.
Other Government researchers say that the hazard from the large-scale dumping in the 1950's may be substantial.
The Federal courts agreed with that contention, but Mr. Weicker sought repeal of the underlying state laws as a last-ditch blocking effort.
July 19, 1991: The Court of Appeals refuses to grant a stay, paving the way for the possession-only license to take effect at midnight.
Mr. Sununu did not return a call from a reporter seeking comment.
"What we're trying to do is learn more about his business, what his business in this country was, so we could find the motive for the shooting, if he was the target."
Today, the newly installed federal President, the Croatian lawyer Stipe Mesic, a 57-year-old former Communist who was jailed by Tito in 1971 in a crackdown on Croatian nationalism, was in Slovenia seeking to negotiate a cease-fire.
"Everyone has found a niche," observes Gerry Grinberg, chairman and chief executive of the North American Watch Company, the American distributor for such high-priced Swiss brands as Piaget, Concord and Movado.
He said shelving the project now would be a bit like stopping to look at traffic while crossing the street.
Company lawyers said there was no evidence linking the disease to the implants.
Mr. Tekoah, who was called Joe by his friends, served as permanent representative to the United Nations from 1968 to 1975, when he became president of Ben-Gurion University.
"There's a saying about Santa Barbara: 'Only the newly wed and nearly dead.'
"I was very disheartened," Woosnam said.
In an interview, Ken Romer, one of Mr. Romer's 11 children, said he could not understand why his father was arrested.
Mtolo's manager Ray de Vries, said Mtolo would go to Tokyo next month to watch but not to compete.
But they said that without spending millions of dollars they had been unable to reach everyone who should be exempt from the $30 monthly charge and were entitled to more reimbursements.
As a matter of familiar practice, Senators from the interested state usually place the names of prospective judges in nomination.
A COLLEGE president, the old saw goes, is someone who lives in a big house and begs.
The dollar settled broadly lower on world currency markets yesterday after a better-than-expected report on United States inflation raised the possibility that interest rates might decline.
The drive for the Neediest Cases runs through February, and the proceeds are distributed to seven charities to aid the sick and the poor.
"I DON'T feel much like walking," says a weary Rosa Parks, as she waits for the bus that will assure her place in history.
scientists, executives and board members.
They included the slaying of George Mulvey, a 20-year-old man who was killed over the struggle for a beer bottle, the execution-style killing of Curtis Washington, a 17-year-old whose body was dumped in a parking lot, and the wounding of two patrons when three young men walked into Ashe's barbershop on Ferry Street and started shooting.
Went Against Owners And as commissioner of baseball, he brushed aside strong opposition of a majority of the owners to clear the way for Jackie Robinson to break the baseball color line in 1947.
As a result, California, Minnesota, New York and other states are treating their universities more like private colleges, where the tuition paid by students from middle- and upper-income families subsidizes financial aid for poorer students.
Mr. Hamill, a graduate of New Canaan (Conn.) High School and Hamilton College, is an assistant vice president at Citicorp Securities Markets in New York.
Evan Stewart, Nikko's general counsel, said that someone got in touch with the company in 1988 about the fraud and that company officials had confronted Ms. Sun, who admitted to the scheme.
He was on the ice for 23 seconds after the opening faceoff before goading the Rangers into six minutes of penalties that led to Ciccarelli's power-play goal with the two-man advantage.
One of her uncles, she said, is still selling heroin.
Finally, there are your remaining, or "other," assets.
At the 10-year-old Keystone Science School in the valley, visitors can attend the Mountain Speaker Series of nature talks every Friday evening from early January to mid-April.
'You Can Laugh' It wasn't exactly a Dershowitz crowd.
International 2-5 President Bush ordered an airdrop of food, blankets and clothing to Kurdish refugees in northern Iraq.
An official cease-fire went into effect after the accord was signed here tonight by Angola's President, Jose Eduardo dos Santos, and Jonas Savimbi, the longtime leader of the rebel National Union for the Total Independence of Angola, or Unita.
Moving "20/20" to Friday did not turn out as badly as Arledge had predicted, but since many fewer viewers watched television on Friday nights, its audience was off.
From one second-floor landing, for example, one can see as many as four different boutiques on as many levels.
In addition, Miss Riner affixed two thumb prints in court to a sworn statement that she will not "seek repatriation" nor sanctuary in the Swiss consulate or embassy.
Pentagon strategists hope that the adjacent Crow Valley training range, the location for most extensive United States air bombing practice runs in Asia, could be retained even if the air base is closed.
It invariably looks as though the real action is suspended, but sooner or later it becomes evident that one player is relentlessly increasing the striking power of his pieces while the other is only marking time, no matter how busy he seems to be.
New York City was among the immediate beneficiaries of the Federal Reserve's move.
Jobs at homes for the aged and the handicapped and other residential-care centers rose to 18,000 from 10,000.
Decision on Reactor Technology The Energy Department office in charge of overseeing the planning and design of the reactors requested $688 million for 1992.
And even these tend to be limited to the parts visible from the street.
"People often register poorly; they do not focus or concentrate.
Images are softer, as if the pictures were slightly out of focus.
Thomas Bruce, a spokesman for the budget office, said there would be no formal response to the unfavorable comments about Mr. Darman.
14 TOOD WOODBRIDGE, a Volvo finalist last year, was overpowered by hard-hitting BRYAN SHELTON, who had 10 aces in a 7-6 (7-2), 6-3 victory.
"Well," Kordic said afterward, "they brought me here for a reason."
Ms. Alter had charged in a suit that she was cut out of the predominantly black district where she had served and placed in a white district to allow a black candidate to run unchallenged by an incumbent in her old district.
'This Is Not a Defection' "It's definitely not defections," an American intelligence official said today.
Bank depositors are being charged enough for their prudence and caution.
'A Change in the Slope' The Government has taken a number of actions to help the American chip producers, including an investment in Sematech, a consortium in Austin, Tex., that is developing advanced techniques in chip manufacturing, and the negotiation of a trade agreement in 1986 that aimed to open Japanese markets to American semiconductors and stop the selling of Japanese chips at prices below cost in the United States.
Mr. Gates had indicated that he had little voice in or knowledge of the contra program when he was Deputy Director of Central Intelligence in 1986.
NEW YORK JETS (AFC)-- Announced they will not sign Tony Eason, quarterback, allowing him to become a free agent.
Off came the bunt sign.
speedometer, and the controls are easy to use.
In Belgrade today, the federal Parliament adopted a document calling for the army "to prevent resolutely the illegal arming and forming of armed units outside the regular armed forces."
An expert on Chinese games, medical practices, secret societies and religious ceremonies, he also published a comprehensive study of Korean games, and organized the section on folklore and primitive religions for the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago in 1893.
The 48 women's teams sail J-24 Class sloops, 24-foot sailboats that have lead keels for ballast.
The confusion was compounded by the fact that the Presidents of Russia, Ukraine and Byelorussia declared on Sunday that the old Soviet Union and all its "norms" ceased to exist as of the signing of the agreement.
To escape incarceration in the Orange Bowl, a group of Marielitos bands together and pretends to be a family.
Paul also pursued a banking career, and Paul's son Henry became one of the United States's leading authorities on international finance and a longtime member of the board of governors of the Federal Reserve Board.
"It would generate $91 million in revenues for local governments that would replace those scheduled by your budget to be eliminated."
Last week, John Kelly, 63, who uses a wheelchair, flagged down an M15 bus on First Avenue near 70th Street to go to the doctor's office.
A Crusader Role Adopted In 1935 Miss Porter began an occasional column in The New York Post on financial news.
But some things never change, she said.
I knew Otis's time was going to come.
In defending the cuts made in the judiciary budget, the Governor took nearly a full page of the 11-page complaint to detail the even more severe cuts suffered by schools, hospitals, the police and social services.
ELDER TRAINING IN EUROPE Internationalism is not the only thing that sets Insead apart from American business schools.
"We already saw the Democrats after the failed coup in the Soviet Union trying to establish guns versus butter as an issue, and now the budget deal that everyone saw as fixed for 1993 is coming unglued," Mr. Adams said.
as far back as the 1940's that it was doomed eventually unless ordinary workers somehow could be motivated to contribute more than physical or menial labor.
During the Depression actresses like Barbara Stanwyck, Claudette Colbert and Katharine Hepburn worked with directors like Frank Capra and Gregory La Cava to produce romantic comedies that captured and helped promote the emerging feminist spirit of the age.
But a season ago, after reading newspaper stories that described a brief slump, she raised the issue on the telephone and learned again that her son's approach hasn't changed.
Some of the information appearing today on American military operations was obtained under such circumstances.
Three years after Syracuse learned it had an infant mortality rate rivaling that of third world nations, infants continue to die at an alarming rate, the state figures indicate.
The other factor he cited was a desire to rejoin forces with Tim Elliott, who came to Earle Palmer's Bethesda office in July, as president, after many years at agencies including Ogilvy and Lord, Geller, Federico, Einstein.
Its books will be distributed by Farrar, Straus & Giroux, whose president, Roger W. Straus, has expressed deep regret over the closing.
Being chosen to give the lecture, which has a $10,000 honorarium, is the Government's highest honor for achievement in the humanities.
Of those still trading, only about a third had a market price above the original offering price.
The Pan Am shuttle, acquired from New York Air in 1986 for $76 million, is healthy.
"When the speaker is from your home county, you know you are going to get a little extra push.
The management firms, on the other hand, are looking hard at the costs of their services, and trying to make boards realize that champagne services don't come at beer prices.
Others also used strong language with the company.
People would do anything to get a vote.
But autocrats seldom bend under pressure from sanctions, and in such cases the sanctions either succeed or fail spectacularly, he said.
Brenda Lee Landry of Morgan, Stanley recommended it Monday.
I don't think we'll be in a situation where this will be a major problem.
"Great clothes mold to your body, take on your personality," he said.
Pour 1 tablespoon of the butter over leeks, add the juice of a quarter of the lemon and sprinkle with remaining salt mixture.
He told the police that he killed on June 30, July 4 and July 19.
A GUIDE TO THE ASHLAND FESTIVAL Getting There The airport closest to Ashland is in Medford, Ore., 17 miles away.
-------------------- Lawyers Settle Case KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 18 (AP) -- Federal savings and loan regulators today announced a settlement of an enforcement action against lawyers for the Silverado Bank, Savings and Loan Association of Denver.
said it would cut another 4,700 jobs on top of the 5,000 reductions announced already.
Companies like Sanyo and Gates have brought out new brands, under the names Sanyo and Millennium, with changes they hope will make them more appealing to consumers.
"The question that flows from that is, what political role is South Africa going to play," Mr. Evans said.
for up to a week without charge.
"I don't care how bad it is, we have to have those things.
Divide the linguine among four warmed soup plates.
He gave half the women tamoxifen and half a dummy pill.
Through the concert, soloists -- especially Bill Easley on clarinet, Virgil Jones on trumpet, Dick Katz on piano and all three trombonists, Benny Powell, Jimmy Knepper and Eddie Bert -- re-created or improvised passages with skillful ease.
He rolled his blue eyes, a striking feature in a face too boyish for a 49-year-old.
He said that faced with weak orders, shops were either laying off some of their workers or cutting back to shortened work weeks.
But Mrs. Mandela escaped conviction for assault with intent to commit grievous bodily harm.
The choreography included several effective sequences, including nervous foot tappings, staggerings and regainings of balance and rapid motions of the legs that suggested the pedalings of bicylists.
Cover tightly and simmer for 17 minutes.
They used hostages as a human shield."
Mr. Rioult's dancing and choreography are heroic and spiritual, with a distinctive look of rooted resiliency.
According to the 10-K, 3.6 percent of the $63.9 billion of consumer loans, including credit card debt, that were outstanding in 1990 were delinquent, up from 3.4 percent in 1989.
Few details of Mr. Meles's upbringing are known, aside from the fact that his parents were of peasant origin, belonged to the Ethiopian Orthodox Church and became petty traders in Adowa.
We don't have very much of a way of resolving challenges to academic freedom."
Michealsen put James Madison up for good on a tip-in with three minutes left.
The headquarters, which is open this weekend for the birthday celebration, is usually closed at this time of year.
There is a sense that a story has been told, and told very well.
But the scale of the inside of the house, on the other hand, is thoroughly human, its moderate proportions emphasized by contrast with the sweeping vistas seen through strategically placed windows.
Senator, as I've indicated, for -- and I will continue to say this and believe this -- I have been harmed.
we issued an estimate in 1983 saying that the rate of growth in Soviet military procurement had leveled off and was at zero.
And there was an archetypal American girl, all mischief and sass.
"I only hope that alternative, more suitable homes can be found for these animals because no one wants to see them destroyed in a wholesale slaughter."
Her decision to support a new treaty is in large part a pragmatic response to the nation's crippling economic problems, which were compounded by eruption of Mount Pinatubo last June.
"But the idea of being two different characters in the same evening is beautiful.
But President Hussein of Iraq responded to the Jordanian appeal by launching more missiles and by closing his border with Jordan for several days.
Pasta appetizers change frequently, but the two that I sampled were unexciting: ribbon pasta with tomatoes, olives and basil desperately needed seasoning, especially salt, and fettuccine with buckwheat, greens and a compote of figs was so bullied by the buckwheat that I tasted nothing else.
Among the imported beer brands moving to Angotti are Foster's, John Courage, Kronenbourg and Kirin.
It may show that the parent and child never formed a normal attachment to each other.
He was referring to a deal negotiated in 1986 between state legislators, the Governor and the authority that fares would be increased only twice during the next five years.
The idea of a detotalitarianized, reform Communism is just as dead, or even deader.
Johnson is the coach of the Penguins, the defending Stanley Cup champions.
Mr. Bush vehemently denied any involvement, and asked reporters to "stop repeating rumors over and over again - it's sickening."
Chase, Rotchford did not respond to calls for comment.
The first festival was seen by 40 million television viewers in Brazil.
"The bears were in the economic firms," said William M. LeFevre, a market strategist with Tucker Anthony Inc. "And they were talking about a weak recovery and job losses."
The debt from those acquisitions combined with a reduction in bank credit and weak sales to cripple the company, which had sales of about $1.2 billion in 1990.
The United States, however, did not link the complex with Iraq's nuclear program until a week before the war ended, a Pentagon official said.
Will Frey's job, in effect, be on the line because he convinced his employers they should spend all of that money?
For a seat-of-the-pants business, such homespun wisdom seemed to be enough.
There are any number of mothers who think that the day named for them is just another excuse for commercial hype, and still more who believe that they should be considered and honored, if such is the word, all year and not merely on one day.
Observation deck admission: $3.50 ($1.75 for children).
The Cognitive Research Trust Thinking Program, usually referred to as CoRT, is a popular, tool-oriented program used in 1,700 school districts in the United States as well as in many foreign countries.
If you must have cats, keep them out of your neighbors' yards.
Steven Reed, a spokesman for the Bronx District Attorney, said: "The charges that have been brought are consistent with the evidence."
were his lowest totals since 1985.
He said in a telephone interview that he opposed additional regulations, though they would bring some other clinics up to the standard that he said he applied in his own.
Because "challenged" simultaneously insists on and denies difference, it received special scorn.
A 2-year-old girl was killed Saturday night in a Queens house fire that was started by her 3-year-old brother as he played with a cigarette lighter, the Fire Department said yesterday.
But what I enjoyed most was presiding at citizenship ceremonies.
Reports of Growing Odors Last weekend people who live near the North River plant reported the worst odors ever, and city and state officials for the first time admitted that they were unsure what was causing the odors and how they could be controlled.
Like many of the others, John Torniero, the playing manager of the West Haven Angels, said he had tired of slow-pitch softball before he organized his team two years ago.
premiums are rising by 10 percent to 15 percent.
"There is a general misunderstanding" of how the military guards its arsenal, Dr. Barker said in his letter.
"This kind of behavior is indicative of the lack of rule of law in brokering these power relationships," said Bob Greig, a partner here with the American law firm Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton.
It is open from 4:30 to 7 on Saturday and 9 to 12 on Sunday.
He'd given up drugs and crime, and was going to nightly revival services."
Strollers are permitted; they can be whisked upstairs by elevator.
Markets Bond prices surged and long-term interest rates fell sharply, as traders reacted to evidence that the recession is finally having an impact on inflation.
"He never talks to us."
Malcolm Moran: Seton Hall by Elimination Syracuse's demise has become a Madison Square Garden tradition.
The table was always set with a seasonal theme like orange and black for Halloween and lavish flower arrangements.
Miami's unending controversies, ranging from allegations of a stolen pair of sunglasses to the misuse of Federal Pell Grant funds, can only serve to taint what could become a fourth unofficial national championship in nine seasons.
This is not an issue that will be easy to legislate."
He has been on that list so long, in fact, that he was eligible for the hall a year ago and gained instant entrance.
The document was written by the association's commission on higher education, which is responsible for accrediting colleges and universities in Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands.
Women tend to spend less time on the job because of family obligations and have historically had less opportunity for on-the-job training and advanced education, she said.
The Czechoslovak leader also told Mr. Mitterrand that while Prague was not seeking membership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization or participation in its military activities, it was eager to be involved in its political, industrial and ecological actions.
He compared the results of the new legal efforts by Hispanic groups to the gains brought about by the civil rights movement by blacks in the South and by other groups in the last few decades.
About half of the traffic is from other states.
To them, the Vice President is just Danny Quayle from Polk Street, a really nice guy from a really nice family that runs the local newspaper.
But there is no North District Hospital in Fort Lauderdale.
Ray Simpson, the project manager in charge of income tax accounting, said some accountants favored making the standard stronger, either for all companies or for those with a history of losses.
Why do healthy banks sell out to Banc One?
and other genetic probes could reach $1 billion by 1999.
The winner will receive $50,000.
A Shearson Lehman Brothers analyst, Joseph Phillippi, said Mr Iacocca told the meeting that the auto maker was going to freeze practically all discretionary spending with the exception of new product development.
Hostetler completed six straight passes in 1:16, the last a 1-yarder to Dave Meggett in the end zone.
Dow, which produces nearly a third of the breast implants, manufactures two kinds of silicone gel implants.
Mr. Davis, who came to Crossroads from "a place in Pennsylvania," where, he said, "I had some trouble," called his current home "a good place."
A Far Cry From Jeeps There is something different about a Kuwaiti Army training camp.
I have to set a higher standard for myself and then I'll know if I'm not playing here I'll be playing somewhere."
Yugoslav Air Force jets fired rockets into the presidential palace in the capital of Croatia today.
And he was not alone.
Like many people, he admitted he was attracted by not having to pay unless he won some rollback.
"The trouble about myths, or lies, is that those who foster them are stuck with them," Edward Crankshaw, the astute English commentator on Soviet affairs, wrote during the reign of Leonid I. Brezhnev.
This morning, Israel's large circulation daily newspaper, Yedioth Aharonoth, published a main headline declaring, "High Alert!"
"But I told him I needed to borrow the painting back later for a major show.
Stamford's assistant personnel director, Steven A. Harman, said the union accepted the reduced work force rather than risk a decision by the city to hire a private contractor to collect household garbage.
Pasted there months ago, it was weathered and torn yesterday.
Attention in recent weeks has focused, however, on the ruling party's negotiations with two smaller opposition groups, the Clean Government Party and the Democratic Socialist Party, sothe bill could win approval in the upper house.
Then people panicked and started to sue us.
What is the tactful way to claim a seat from between a heavyset rider and another whose legs are almost spread-eagled, neither of whom seems inclined to move an inch?
Following is a list of the people that the Pentagon has confirmed are dead or missing in the Persian Gulf war, as of yesterday: Killed in Action ALLEN, Lance Cpl.
"Some people like getting up and changing channels if they want to," Mr. Squadron said.
Watch especially for enriched cold cereals labeled as having 100 percent of the recommended daily allowance for iron.
"Even when success comes, you don't believe it'll last.
Since the Cultural Revolution (1966-1976), Ms. Jin has been recognized as one of the vanguard which opened the arts to new and diverse influences, bringing the era of (forced) Communist propaganda art to a virtual end.
Even so, some fetching instrumental sonorities and the blend of women's voices and orchestral sounds gave pleasure of a tonally centered sort not generally associated with this composer.
Apart from the dignitaries from Washington and a brass band, on hand to greet them will be the military personnel who stayed behind and hundreds of dependents who have spent most of the last seven months anxiously following news of the war.
Off to the Espas By the end of Grade 9, the students who have performed at the highest levels will graduate to one of nine provincial Espas, or Schools of Higher Performance.
"I have never granted the Democratic premise that the new board was nine to eight.
The Brooklyn Philharmonic Orchestra, like many other musical institutions in the city, is in transition.
Mr. Hansen raises these questions gracefully: he does not hit the reader over the head with the philosophical implications of Mariette's experiences; rather, he allows them to seep through the fabric of her story.
The first print advertisement depicts a parent's concern as he drives past a chemical plant with children and realizes he does not know what is being made there or how hazardous it might be.
After all, I guess you were right.
Mr. Piscuskas, 33, is a furniture designer who has his own company, York Street Studio, in Brooklyn.
These hybrids, popular for city riding, account for a rapidly growing 8 percent of the domestic market.
Some have lost the contest with crack: They survive on soup-kitchen meals and the money that comes from selling drugs and sometimes, themselves.
"We have not had a rock sale in London since last August, and the situation we're facing now is different from last summer in general economic terms.
By contrast to Mr. Black, the prosecutor in the case, Moira Lasch of the Palm Beach County State Attorney's Office, asked only a few formulaic questions, which she read from a prepared text.
They abandoned religion, the comfort and joys of religion as well as its night-terrors and absurdities, but its morality lives on without any emollient faith."
She graduated from Columbia University and received an M.B.A. degree from New York University.
The agreement reached today defers some of those payments and reduces Continental's rents and advances for maintenance work, a step that Continental said covered 49 of the 108 airplanes involved in the court ruling.
A hearing had been scheduled yesterday by the bondholders before Judge Gerard Goettel in Federal District Court in White Plains, where T.W.A.
It was not officially announced until Feb. 22, six days before Carnegie was killed.
But where I believed that such a world actually existed (as I believed in a godlike President Kennedy, an infallible space program and in the notion that all you needed was love), my children bring a large measure of suspicion, cynicism and detachment to what they see on television -- from the lip-synched videos of Milli Vanilli to the promises of politicians.
The centers said genetic tests showed Ms. Bergalis, of Fort Pierce, was probably infected by Dr. Acer while he removed her wisdom teeth in December 1987, either through blood-to-blood contact or because dental tools were contaminated.
He has remained at the top of his senior division almost every year since.
But this historic achievement has exacted a price: while the new crops are vastly more productive than traditional varieties, they are also much more vulnerable to catastrophic destruction by insects, fungi, bacteria and viruses.
In retrospect, the fact that today's direct talks finally happened, after much last-minute jockeying, both reflected and helped to climax a series of important shifts in Middle East politics.
94 this year -- and more next year.
In The Hague today, European Community representatives said they hoped that the consensus government of Mr. Tshisekedi would be able to end political instability in Zaire.
It is an impressive record, whose high point is Mr. Andersen's philosphical meditation titled "Time Run Like a Freight Train."
But if tightening or replacing it doesn't solve the problem, several fairly easy tests can be made to determine whether some other malfunction is responsible.
You refer to "growing pools of Asian laborers in cities like New York" without mentioning the documented use of such workers in the growing efforts to recreate the sweatshops of the past.
Later there was another problem.
But the changes were far less than even 1 percent and in any case meant little because many traders were elsewhere yesterday.
On the last day of July Stephanie is a happy 27-year-old violin teacher in Rochester.
'Really Surprises Me' Several independent analysts agreed.
In many ways, it represents the mending of party ties.
Report of Agreement On July 1, President de Klerk reported that the Government and the congress had reached a "finality" of agreement on the question of political prisoners.
People standing to the side of the computer can see the image clearly.
"Their athleticism really surprised us."
That's all I'm going to discuss."
Cramped into three floors are centuries' worth of artifacts from the tip of South America to Alaska, showing how Indians lived, worked, hunted, played and worshipped.
When the Giants and Cubs ended the season tied for first place, the National League ordered the game replayed.
Short-range warheads are stored separately from the artillery or missiles used to deliver them -- placed in the custody of special military units with their own chain of command.
Licensed car services patrol the street.
We all harbor fears about the difference between the mad street people and ourselves.
But others see political peril.
Mark is involved with young, aggressive talent."
5 2 24 FINANCIAL SELF-DEFENSE, by Charles J. Givens.
The Deere contract's wage increase was across the board.
In the four months since the Food and Drug Administration approved the Norplant System, a five-year, reversible, low-dose contraceptive, there's been a lot of talk about how to coerce the young and poor into using it.
b-Included a loss of $ 5,404 from discontinued operations and after an extraordinary credit of $ 95,000, or 4 cents a share.c-Net loss and included loss of $ 43,640 from discontinued operations.The year-ago first quarter was restated to be in compliance with provisions of accounting standards for leases.
But in the 1980's, college towns in many states were population meccas.
Mr. Freidin spent much of his career with The New York Herald-Tribune, starting in 1936 when he graduated from Columbia College.
"It really was a big surprise," said Jonathan Goldfarb of Merrill Lynch.
Bring to a boil and remove from heat.
Many of Mr. Seymour's positions have gradually shifted toward the center since 1982, when he left the Mayor's post in Anaheim to serve in the State Senate.
17th Street to the south, S.W.
6 Functioning Helicopters Three C-130 cargo planes were expected to arrive in the capital with relief supplies from Saudi Arabia, a large donor of aid to predominantly Muslim Bangladesh.
The disease first appeared in the late 1970's, attacking the American dogwood, Cornus florida, in New York and the Pacific dogwood, Cornus nuttallii, in Seattle.
The United States has been perceptive in being very careful not to accept K.G.B.
The bill creates an office in the Housing and Urban Development Department to oversee the two stockholder-owned but congressionally chartered agencies, which purchase home mortgages from lenders.
Under newly-adopted rules, for example, in which basketball players must have the skills to shoot and dribble and rebound, it would be very hard for the Wildcats to play beyond the carefully sheltered and adaptive local tournaments.
BRIAN WILLIAMS, the utility offensive lineman, practiced after missing more than two weeks with an ankle injury.
The agreement was reached with Robert Abrams, New York State attorney general.
'The Only Game in Town' The Tsongas campaign's chief fund-raiser, Nicholas A. Rizzo, said he hopes to have raised $400,000 to $500,000 by the end of June to keep the organization running and out of debt.
But the vegetable is another culinary delight for those who like its cabbagelike flavor.
She has sex with too many chaps to mention, including an ugly director (he binds and gags her) and a married power broker named Jack Markel who becomes her longtime sweetie.
For those who don't pay, the new charges would be the same as, or less than, bus or subway fares.
"We have to affirm Unita as an opposition force," Mr. Savimbi said earlier at an airport news conference.
He also said the organization was riddled with defections.
'Linkage' Not Accepted The senior Soviet diplomat said the letter did not accept the "direct linkage" that Mr. Hussein has insisted on between his occupation of Kuwait and Israel's occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip, but promised that "anything is possible" if the Iraqis showed flexibility in the Geneva talks.
Waterfront Press in Seattle, the publisher of Seafood Leader, a trade magazine, decided that with supermarkets adding seafood departments there would be a market for a magazine devoted to seafood.
In addition to "Love at First Bite," which he also produced, and "Divorce American Style," for which he received a 1967 Academy Award nomination, he also wrote the screenplays for "Getting Straight," "How to Beat the High Cost of Living," "I Love My Wife" and "Freebie and the Bean," among others.
The winery can get away with all this frivolity because its wines are excellent.
Officials from both agencies plan to meet Monday to discuss which allegations are potential criminal cases.
Mr. Niland said that another reason loan money has dried up for studios is that banks have found them more vulnerable to default.
At the time of the vote, Democrats conceded that a negative vote would be characterized as an expression of appeasement if the war turned out to be short and with relatively few casualties.
Doctors refused her family's request to have the tube removed almost a year ago although she was in a vegetative state.
But analysts suggested that cost cutting would need to be more zealous at the tire maker than at Rubbermaid, where the broader mix of products offered Mr. Gault more options than he would find at Goodyear, which derived nearly 85 percent of its sales from tires and related products.
Mr. Dinkins wants to avoid the worst of the cuts he proposed, and his aides said there were some other possibilities that he refused even to wave as red flags, like proposals to eliminate 6,000 day-care spots or drop-in shelters for the homeless.
She was obsessed with trying to get her mother to show some affection, and she never succeeded.
Caught up in the bitter and chaotic political conflicts in Eastern Europe before and after World War II, some of these groups split further.
Intelligence has to be impartial and call it what it is, whether the administrations like it or not.
CUNY officials said yesterday that to remove Dr. Jeffries as department chairman, Dr. Harleston would first have to seek the consent of the faculty that elected him.
This time, she ran sixth.
An unfortunate result often is that many consumers are so confused about buying life insurance that they delay making a purchase or decide not to buy any at all.
But the issue may have been decidd a week before, in a Thursday meeting in a 17th-floor suite in downtown Miami.
The city has prepared a $205 million contingency program, calling for more cuts in hospitals, libraries and cultural institutions and the Board of Education, closing loopholes in the current hiring freeze and delays in purchases of supplies.
The companies argue they have earned that leverage by providing the network with the hits that can build entire nights of good ratings and attract much of the advertising revenues that the networks get.
But I don't think anyone will recognize the tinkerings.
Jane Biba, an A.T.& T. spokeswoman, said the company was reviewing the changes.
Besides clarifying that life supports including intravenous feeding can be removed when patients are permanently comatose, Initiative 119 would allow doctors to provide "aid in dying," by drugs or lethal injection, to patients who have requested it.
Both groups sat in front of their equipment the entire workday.
Turkey has thrown off its decades-old protectionist blanket.
A Boston Brahmin, Charles Sprague Sargent, was its first director, and it was designed by Frederick Law Olmsted, then Boston's park planner.
Augmon missed a shot for U.N.L.V., but Johnson was fouled trying to convert the rebound with 49 seconds left.
Mr. Kwallwasser's statements were made before a Senate securities subcommittee, and were subsequently confirmed by other executives of the New York Stock Exchange.
Hooking that fish on the flats of Jamaica Bay confirmed what I had known all along was the answer to why I kept doing it: "For the thrill of finally feeling the rush of the line slipping through my fingers and the strain of the battler on the other end as it can only be felt through a fly rod, it had all been worth it."
These small miracles come at a cost.
The bill would also establish a national immunization registry to track children's immunization status.
Is it because his work is too dark, or his humor not obvious enough?
The clearest evidence supporting the premise that the economy has not improved since the spring is the stark fact that companies are not hiring, said Bruce Steinberg, an economist at Merrill Lynch.
A bus ride, they said, is still cheaper than the cost of gasoline and considerably cheaper than paying local parking fees.
The Data General Corporation has dropped a product development agreement with the Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation of Japan, company officials said today.
Two Weeks to Organize "It took them two weeks to organize what could have been done in 12 hours," said a Western diplomat who has followed the cleanup.
So the Battelle Memorial Institute, a contract research firm in Columbus, Ohio, has developed a line of bar code inks that are transparent to visible light, but visible to the infrared radiation used by the scanning devices.
Unless the state can control those costs, the Medicaid burden will continue to weigh ever more heavily on all New York State taxpayers and the budgets of all localities, no matter how tax revenues are apportioned.
The Fall Non-Smoking Sectional tournament of the North Jersey Bridge Association begins tomorrow at the Guardian Angel Auditorium, East Allendale Avenue, Allendale, N.J., with the following schedule: Tomorrow, Senior, Women's and Open Pairs 1:30 P.M.; Mixed and Stratified Pairs 8 P.M. Saturday, Flighted Open Pairs 1:30 P.M.; Stratified Pairs and Board-a-Match Teams 8 P.M. Sunday, Flighted Swiss Teams (two sessions) noon.
Even as the Congress Party changed its style of leadership, it clung to the slogans of secularism, tolerance and nonalignment in foreign affairs that had been established in the Nehru years.
The plan may founder on California's legal objections and on opposition by that state's grape growers and wineries.
Yet even among the Secret Service officers, there was no relationship between how much confidence people expressed in their ability to detect lies and their actual performance.
It was a result of his unsuccessful second stab at free agency that he became a new-look free agent this year.
Ann Taylor was taken private by Merrill Lynch Capital Partners and Joseph E. Brooks and other members of management in a leveraged buyout in 1989.
Deep River, Conn. 395,000 Meadwoods Road 3-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, new contemporary; 2-story living-room w/window wall, 2-car garage, 3 acres; taxes not yet available.
The adoption of the Beethoven Ninth by the Nazis, grotesque as it was, did not damage that work's power to function in the future as a celebration of human solidarity.
Mr. Tigerman did embellish the lesson on the importance of a well-built house.
Openings: The 75 Main Restaurant in Southampton, a casual cafe with an exposed kitchen and wood-burning pizza oven, is to open in the middle of the month.
The new company, IDV Hungaria Ltd., will manage International Distillers' major brands in the local market.
The Board of Estimate rewarded that stance with not one, but two of the seven shelters it approved.
But Professor Boshoff said he hoped that a black government would accept white secession as an alternative to armed rebellion.
Representatives of President Mikhail S. Gorbachev and the Soviet military told Lithuanian leaders at the heavily fortified Parliament today that they would not attempt to overthrow the elected, independence-minded government of President Vytautas Landsbergis by force.
Smith has two victories and seven saves in nine appearances for the Cardinals, who are 8-3 in a 13-game homestand.
Walter F. Loeb of Loeb Associates, a New York-based retail consulting firm, said the Body Shop policy of advocating social involvement -- for example, by encouraging customers to write letters supporting Amnesty International -- would insure that the retailer maintained a dedicated band of customers.
Walter E. Hussman Jr., owner of The Democrat, declined to comment on the possible sale but said yesterday that he thought one strong newspaper could better serve Little Rock than two weak ones, a statement that suggested he would close The Gazette if he acquired it.
Even if I had had a camera, I doubt I would have been able to use it.
"Hear Instruction and Be Wise" is the homily carved on the aged board above the front door, framed by carefully restored wooden crests, one the Connecticut seal and the other Old Glory.
Mr. Cerchia was pronounced dead at the scene.
Mr. Botha said he hoped other countries now would follow suit and lift their own sanctions.
Davis scored 17 points in the second half.
Another difference between Poland and Czechoslovakia involves the approach to currency reform.
Larger Penalties Possible Peachy Kellmeyer, director of international operations for the W.T.A., said today that her organization, which oversees the women's tour, would consider at its meeting during the United States Open late this summer whether to install even larger penalties against top players for participating in exhibitions like the Pathmark Classic, which, with the exception of Korff's Mahwah event, are rarely successful.
"I think they have a pretty good team.
Whether you called it art, religion or dropping out, there was a time when people surfed strictly for love.
Rather than running firms, shareholders have always sought trading profits.
JAMES DeVIVO watched as newsprint was unloaded from a garbage truck at his Willimantic plant, and he pointed out the egg cartons, plastic-foam plates, cereal boxes, plastic bags and paper towels that were mixed in the shipment.
Excerpts from news conference in June 1993 with Thomas Foley, Democrat and Speaker of the House, and Newt Gingrich, House Republican whip .
Announcing that Durres has been declared "a military zone," the Government said the transport authorities were under instruction to bar travel to Durres and other ports from the interior by bus and train.
Prampin's 17th of the season took all the wind out of Rutgers for the rest of the half, but the Scarlet Knights, helped by a couple of changes by Reasso, came out rejuvenated for the second half.
11 * 29 IT, by Stephen King.
The legislation before the banking committee does not specify the amount that could be borrowed for working capital, but bases it instead on a formula that it not exceed the total of the fund's cash, 90 percent of the market value of its assets from collapsed banks and the $30 billion credit line for losses.
Each Senator laughed off the assumed motivation.
Listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the stock closed at $58.50 yesterday, off $1.
And of course, any future interruptions in programming for special coverage of war events may have an effect on the sweep result.
At least two executives at companies that had looked into acquiring FNN said they doubted that the Dow Jones-Group W bid was more than $100 million.
A traumatized victim of sexual assault may also behave irrationally.
The 3-point arc will remain the same for National Collegiate Athletic Association's basketball for both men and women, the heads of the rules committees announced today.
H. Lawrence Whittemore Jr. performed the ceremony at St. Mark's Episcopal Church.
The danger may also be part of what appeals to Batista about powerboat racing.
Officials of both countries began formal negotiations last month on the proposed agreement, which would eliminate almost all tariffs and other trade and investment barriers between the two nations.
And, of course, the friends, good and otherwise, are apt to return the favor.
Lane-changing is highly aggressive: drivers weave their cars in and out of openings hardly bigger than parking spaces.
In New Haven the Symphony has evolved two different Woolsey Hall subscription packages under the music directorship of Michael Palmer.
In "The Grand Alliance," the third volume of his magisterial six-volume history of World War II, Winston S. Churchill devotes seven telling pages to one of the most puzzling incidents of the war: the solo flight from Germany to Scotland, on May 10, 1941, by Rudolf Hess, Hitler's deputy and acolyte, presumably to make a peace overture.
for a proposed offering of 4.15 million common shares through Kidder, Peabody & Co.
Spanish Pair is Best The foundation of the European effort has been the Spanish team of Ballesteros and Olazabal, who have won 3 1/2 of Europe's points.
The poet and essayist Andrei Codrescu gives us a gripping account of the mysterious Romanian revolution and a crisp portrait of the country's disquieting contrasts.
It said it could not rule out the possibility that the attack had been stage-managed by the Croatian leadership.
An accompanying commentary said the plans came from an unidentified German who was formerly a security adviser to the Iraqi leader.
This is a strong fire, but it emits no smell, no heat.
'Carry Out Holy War' Then [ words indistinct ] , the good men, the holy warriors, and the faithful will know the truth of our promise to them that when the forces of infidelity attack the Iraqis, they will fight as they wished them to fight and perhaps in a better way, and that their promise is of faith and holy war.
BULLY FOR YOU, TEDDY ROOSEVELT!
If these functions are all that is needed, buy a less expensive organizer.
Here the animals flee from kids, with good reason; one poor frog was hugged to death, even though he was not wearing a frock coat and spats.
Cook, stirring, about a minute.
She conceded that the plant had one thing going for it: more than 200 jobs in an area that is economically depressed.
Yet, to maintain further upward momentum, traders say that more positive news is needed, and neither yesterday's employment numbers nor the bond market rally appeared to provide the needed push.
Mr. Florio's assistants were told to draft a public statement calling Mr. Doria's budget so unbalanced that it would force the state to lay off an additional 6,000 workers.
Conservatives Are Repelled But conservative preachers and Muslim imams are repelled by the pragmatic approach, which Imam Abdur-Rashid said certain high-profile ministers had adopted to be politically correct and avoid offending anyone.
Soon he had franchisees on five other campuses.
The unionized work force, which numbered 2,600 before the unions went on strike on Oct. 25, will be reduced, by and large, with cash incentives of $40,000 for each worker who leaves.
expects to have its court-ordered review of that decision finished in a couple of months.
Dr. Profet said several studies over the last 30 years have indicated that women with little or no morning sickness have two to three times the rate of miscarriage of women who experience the nausea.
I AM SORRY TO HEAR YOU ARE SICK.)
In addition, American negotiators attacked an array of trade barriers in Japan, involving everything from supercomputers to cigarettes to the construction market.
Lenny Dykstra takes batting practice, plays long-toss catch in the outfield with his coach, Larry Bowa, and then reports the usual assortment of aches and pains.
We would go to see the monkeys, and there were black panthers too.
She was taken to Mary Immaculate Hospital, where it was found that she had been hit in the back by a bullet.
"But until a few years ago, we didn't have a term for it, or anywhere near so many, because there weren't so many older people who could afford to maintain an apartment."
Much of the intellectual middle class, which had asserted itself through the front, was stunned and disappointed when Mr. Singh's promises of modernization turned out to include an expanded affirmative action program for the poorest and weakest castes.
Mr. Skinner's ruling alone won't solve the problem.
Smith, the National Football League's defensive player of the year last season, is eligible to return from the injured reserve list in time for the game against the Packers on Nov. 10.
The Eagles were 43-35-1 in five regular seasons under Ryan, won a divisional title in 1988 and in each season won more games than they had in the previous one, except for last fall, when they finished 10-6 after being 11-5 in 1989.
And when King Gustav at the 1912 Stockholm Olympics said, "Sir, you are the greatest athlete in the world," and Thorpe replied "Thanks, King," the exchange marked Thorpe forever as a noble savage.
"This is different from any movie I've produced for Barry," said Mr. Johnson, seated in his office at 20th Century Fox studios, where he is now preparing several projects.
Most importantly, he has been dead wrong on the central analytic target of the past few years -- the outlook for change, or not, in the fortunes of the U.S.S.R. and the Soviet-European block.
The suspicion that George Steinbrenner is still alive.
Reggie Lewis topped the Celtics with 31 but they missed Bird.
Sixth, if confirmed, I would ask the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board for its help and ideas in this area.
Without missing a beat, Mr. Delacorte replied, "I have decided to sponsor this wonderful thing in the park."
Catherines Stores Corp., three million common shares.
Analysts said consumers would enjoy no immediate benefits of today's interest-rate cut.
On Friday last week, he walked barefoot across a pile of hot coals in Harlem.
There are no signs, however, that will happen soon.
In recent months, episodes of television programs like "L.A. Law," "In Living Color" and "The Fresh Prince of Bel Air," have dealt with the issue.
One had both heart catheterization and surgery during the same stay.
The French have even coined a serious word for it.
SLAP SHOTS WALT PODDUBNY, who had been scratched for six consecutive games, returned to the lineup for the Devils in place of DAVE MALEY, who had gone pointless for five in a row.
Such a huge unhindered market would encompass interests as diverse as the machine shops of northern Mexico, the financial district of New York and the farmlands of western Canada.
He said he believed that he would greatly benefit from his close association with President Bush.
Hit one for all the fans who really did love you, despite the boos.
But Western lawyers here and one of the hotels' managers said bank financing has been difficult get.
president, said recently that "the crucial matter of malpractice reform" should be included in the broad-gauge national health program that labor favors.
The 3-year-olds get stronger in the fall, including fillies.
The Senator was never publicly called by the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, which he headed, to give evidence in support of the allegations.
After the service, as a beaming 9-year-old, Dana Thorpe, poses for a picture with Dinkins, the young man's mother whispers: "You have been an enormous motivation to my son."
"People lose interest if things are too difficult or unmeasurable," he said.
"I don't think we have egg on our faces," said Alan Aufzien, the team's chairman of the board.
Limited Context There are varying accounts of the contents and the source of the comments, which were read aloud to lower-level party functionaries in recent days.
* Ballistivet Inc., Minneapolis, which makes products for the cattle health-care market, announced that Fred R. Paul Jr. had resigned as president and chief executive.
Many of the phrases are so with-it that the reader almost forgets that these are translations.
Mr. Woods plays John Moss as if the fate of Western civilization depended on his energy level.
September was the ninth consecutive month in which Japan's trade surplus expanded from levels a year earlier.
They worked because the team is growing in confidence.
The Prodigal (Jeremy Lemme) was consumed with shame and had visions of the slithery Siren (Ms. Salomons) who had seduced him.
Florenz Ziegfeld Jr., who made a career of "glorifying the American girl," produced 21 editions of his Follies from 1907 to 1931, the year before his death.
Slow down the presentation was the main one."
Instead of the patriotic pageantry that might more normally have topped the bill, "Parade" was full of alien elements.
Mr. Bailard would put 45 percent into 15- to 20-year Treasury bonds, and likes the Vanguard Fixed Income Securities Fund Investment Grade Bond Portfolio.
Judging by the thousands of enthusiastic letters he received and positive reviews, the book was an immediate success.
Acting under a 20-year-old policy initiated in the early days of desegregation, the officials said the flag created racial tension by offending blacks at the school, about a quarter of the 1,250 students.
An observer did not have to look hard, Torre indicated, to see the difference between the Mets and the Pirates.
The first Baedeker I ever saw was in the 1940's while in high school.
Such a policy can only deepen the divisions between racial groups.
"They call me up because they think I'm part of their cause," he said.
This device, embodied in a light-sensitive electronic chip the size of a thumbnail, measures the photons of light harvested by the telescope far more efficiently than did the photographic plates that astronomers used until about a decade ago.
The Belmont will be worth $500,000 as in the past.
If you were going to twist someone's neck, you made sure they were facing out front.
I will be happy never to see another jet fighter take off anonymously without context or story, from a base nowhere in Saudi Arabia, or Patriot missiles being unloaded for the 20th time in Israel, or the same Iraqi diplomat endlessly disgorged from the State Department.
1 on our domestic agenda (editorial, Nov. 8), decades after most other countries in the civilized world have instituted plans, it is important that we avoid the irritatingly wasteful affliction of fragmentation when putting together our own.
In the early years of this century, luxury hotels meant wonderful meeting places, like the roof of the St. Regis or the Plaza's Palm Court.
The money can be used for new prenatal health programs.
was exploring the potential private sale of its $400 million in MCI preferred stock.
Kenneth Davis added 96 yards rushing in 24 carries.
To raise the necessary funds, Mr. Simon then spoke to Time Warner's chairman, Steven J. Ross.
After the commission report and public pressure, all the leading bankers resigned but were not prosecuted.
Republicans on the committee and analysts say the vote clearly politicized an area -- banking -- that for most of this year had defied traditional Democrat and Republican labels.
"My fingers withdrew covered in a heavy, sweet, pungent musk," she writes.
It was found in a bag that had been stuffed into a niche of a seawall below the Triborough Bridge, the police said.
"Everybody knew he took their pictures," said the neighbor, Evelyn Brier, "and then he gave them to them, but regular pictures, not the kind the police are talking about."
No sooner does she expose some grain in her story than she begins to work against it.
Ms. Hunter plays Renata Bella, who is so close to her family that when her boyfriend refuses to marry her she not only goes crying to her parents, she wanders into their room at night and whines, "Can I sleep with you?"
But the authors were not ready.
Mr. Estrin said Foxmeyer's earnings had increased to $30 million in the nine months ending Dec. 31, compared with $7 million in the 1989 period.
He said this had already become the practice at the Foreign Ministry.
All was well in the former kingdom of Heaven.
By the end of the trial, the culmination of a decade of off-and-on allegations that Mr. Barry used drugs, his once-bright political career was in ruins.
To that end, Sears needs to stock the right merchandise and design the type of stores that will attract new customers.
The only way to keep people from embezzling is to make it impossible to do so, and that means improve the auditing.
No, we should not tie the summit to a Start treaty because that would help him pressure us.
The first was a big, soft mountain of osso bucco in a robust tomato-onion sauce rich with carrots.
If, despite the recession and the war, anyone is still throwing money around the way they did in the 1980's, the American Greetings Corporation has the perfect valentine.
I said the chorus plays almost no part in the action, because at the end of "The Libation Bearers" they are, to their horror, compelled to help Electra and the servants remove the bodies of Clytemnestra and her lover.
Like primates, parrots play, some scientists believe.
Mr. Towery worked on a plan for Dallas that the Murchison family funded, and wrote a master's thesis on redesigning 125th Street in Harlem.
"But he has put more of the pieces together now, and Dr. Swan coming here sort of made everything more rounded and smooth," she said.
Mr. Watson said Iraq had sought to hide equipment "designed to enrich uranium by electromagnetic isotope separation" -- an old-fashioned technology that the United States experimented with when it was building the first atomic bomb toward the end of World War II but later abandoned.
He was its chief from 1985 to 1988 under its previous owner, Kirk Kerkorian, the financier.
He doesn't own a plane, a yacht or limo, and isn't in any joint ventures or partnerships.
"Burn This," by Lanford Wilson, produced by the Boston Post Road Stage Company at the Westport Playhouse, 25 Powers Court, just off Boston Post Road.
Despite all the newcomers, despite the recession's toll on factories there and on state financing for the University of Iowa, Iowa City and the rest of Johnson County have created jobs enough to keep local unemployment about 2 percent throughout the recession.
For months, the Senate had blocked an income tax; that obstacle had been surmounted.
Don Sipple, a Republican consultant, said, "Understand that the American people have an agenda, whether their leaders do or not."
Her mother is the director of health at St. Bernard's School in New York, and her father is an associate professor of clinical psychiatry at the Cornell University Medical Center and an associate attending psychiatrist at New York Hospital.
Dawat clearly falls into the latter category.
Could the therapists have been influenced by the fact that they are paid by the state?"
" But for Mr. Velez, there's more to the instrument than its technical possibilities.
The in-laws descend on them like an attack force out of "Lawrence of Arabia," the harpylike women, who are dressed in black chadors, wailing as if for the dead.
(Like Oklahoma in 1974, Florida, the No.
")Avoid arguing over who really does and who does not have the toy.
The proposed action, announced by William K. Reilly, the Administrator of the environmental agency, affects chemical plants, sewage treatment installations and other industrial factories that discharge millions of pounds of toxic chemicals into water each year.
Yet this important AIDS issue is put in a blender with other plots involving, in one case, an important robbery witness who turns out to have a multiple personality disorder (that's the comic turn) and, in another, a questionable romance between young lawyers who often face each other in court (that one ends with a sexy tango, of all things).
Though mostly undistinguished, they were notable for their hearty, even hammy enthusiasm.
"To the Moon, Alice" is a half-hour fiction about a nightmare version of the nuclear family: a homeless couple and their young son camp out by night on the set of a television sitcom.
"Whatever comes up," he responds casually.
"Commercial banking is the practice by which you make illiquid loans."
At the end of the first week, after 25 hours of rehearsal, Mr. Feld was so intrigued by Ms. Aaron's unleashed daring in the first movement that he abandoned his initial plan to blend in other dancers and instead made the section a solo.
Further selling stemmed from a weekly exchange report Wednesday showing a larger amount of bellies stored in freezers outside of Chicago than the market had anticipated.
The blacks' march, setting off from Utica and President at about 4:30, had an announced destination of the 71st Precinct station house.
Our concierge at La Posada had obliquely warned us that the Shuttlejack was the only game in town.
John Ashcroft of Missouri, a Republican, describes Medicaid as "the Pac-Man of the state budget," because it gobbles up an ever-growing share of state revenues.
"It's much too early to tell whether things will change for the better," said Jack Batty, a spokesman for the General Electric Company.
"But grow this amaranth in the full sun," she added, handing me another pot of what looked like triangular spinach.
"Robert is a natural force," Mr. Loren said.
Net income rose to $1.12 billion, or 88 cents a share, from $1.08 billion, or 85 cents a share, in last year's third quarter.
What sort of weather can I expect and what sort of clothes should I wear?
Windows without compound usually have removable rubber gaskets or moldings that hold the panes in place.
Nobody knows, but everyone wonders.
If Mr. Primakov succeeds in persuading Mr. Hussein to withdraw from Kuwait, Mr. Baker said, "more power to them."
"White Palace," for all its initial explicitness about the reality of social differences, is, finally, a story asserting that such differences simply don't matter; pure passion erases them every time.
Dr. Garrett spent most of his career as a champion for the disabled in Federal positions in Washington, fostering research and training programs in vocational rehabilitation.
Martin Luther King Jr. (Letters, April 28).
We'll go out and get drunk, have two lunches, raise their production costs.
Arizona St. 32, Southern Cal 25 LOS ANGELES (AP) -- George Montgomery rushed for 136 yards and 2 touchdowns as Arizona State (2-0) built a 32-10 lead in the third quarter and withstood a rally by Southern Cal (1-2), which has been upset twice and scored an upset over Penn State last week.
His extensive research does turn up some disillusioned former friends and players and some debatable financial dealings.
A riot almost broke out as the whole village ganged up on her for reneging.
Others in the collection are expected to be sold for just twice the bullion value of the gold in them.
And I use the word daily.
Frederick M. Stevens has resigned as chairman and chief executive of Fred Meyer Inc., the retail chain based in the Pacific Northwest.
Tours at the Enid A. Haupt Conservatory, which has a show of tropical plants through Oct. 6, are given from 11 A.M. to 4 P.M. Saturday and Sunday and at 1:30 P.M. Thursday.
The English actress says the newspaper reports give the impression that "I supported the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait."
Dr. Begun, a longtime friend of the Mayor, did not give a reason in his letter for his decision not to become a member of the management team.
And that was how she preferred it, for in writing the book she seemed out to prove nothing except the continued indispensability of a document.
"It's a pretty clean operation.
The sewn bindings, stamping and even the original price on the jacket flap are all copied.
The most notorious rabbit in track history may have been Ben Jipcho, a young Kenyan who set such a fast 400 meters that his countryman, Kipchoge Keino, was able to run a blazing 3:34.9 to win the 1,500 meters at the 1968 Summer Games in Mexico.
To me it is most important to follow my image of what is right, what is good for the country and the nation.
'An Artistic Religion' Writing about Mr. Krenek's 1937 book about new music, for example, his fellow composer Roger Sessions described Mr. Krenek's advocacy of Serial music as "an artistic religion" to which the book is a "confession of faith."
Not knowing the Spanish-language market, in which many books are sold at bodegas and corner stores, Carol tapped into the growing network of distributors to that market.
I would have my characters come closer to purpose, happiness and to God."
"The flavor of Indian heritage should be preserved."
THE QUINCUNX, by Charles Palliser.
He hasn't developed a convincing political personality, and he lacks a committed base.
Even after the race begins, Iowa may not play the dominant role it did in 1988.
But in order to generate such a new startup, the Gap had to do better.
Mr. Bissell said the victims had probably been shot on Tuesday evening, soon after they returned home from work.
investigators who have listened to segments of the tapes are satisfied that they are authentic.
Avery, who last month beat the Dodgers twice in six days while holding them to one run in 18 innings, retired 18 batters in a row from the last out in the first inning until he walked Javier Ortiz with two out in the seventh.
Limited Mideast Consensus Secretary of State Baker ended his latest trip to the Middle East with an apparent consensus on holding an Arab-Israeli conference, but not on what would be discussed.
Mr. de Klerk recently reduced by one-third the sentences being served by first offenders.
Ivanov picked up two pawns with 35 Qh4 Qd3 36 Qh7 Kf6 37 Qb7, but after 37 .
One problem all the experts cite is the "green" vocabulary.
Mr. Mortimer has developed the habit of writing novels and then turning them into teleplays.
If the early numbers are any indication, the workhorse running back and the ground game are in vogue in the National Football League this season.
Assigned Hurst to Jacksonville of the Southern League and Eischen to West Palm Beach of the Florida State League.
One senior network executive, who insisted on anonymity, said these "blind commitments" damage the network's ability to program effectively, because they either clog up the schedule with less-appealing shows or else the kill fees deplete the programming budget.
"Only the Defense Ministry has the right to control tactical or any other nuclear weapons.
Only a Limited Revolution Indeed, the two weeks since Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania became free from the Soviet Union have witnessed a revolution more of the mind than the marketplace.
"A year ago, I didn't know if I'd get the record at Wimbledon because my body was so sore, but at least I thought I knew where I was going to live, and who I was going to live with, once my career did end.
Tina Mohrmann, said that he was an accomplice of Mr. McGregor but that he did not fire any shots.
Mr. Barr further states that we need to "reform" the Federal habeas corpus system.
But Deputy Mayor Bill Lynch, who traveled with him and organized the trip, eyed the reporters and added, "Against you all."
Not Park City, Utah, or Stowe, Vt.
Eager for Their Own District He cited, for example, Carolyn B. Maloney, who represents an East Side district that includes wealthy whites, blacks and Puerto Ricans, and Stanley E. Michels, whose Upper West Side district includes black and Dominican voters now eager for their own district.
IT is the height of the season at Westchester Costume Rentals, where the ghosts of history live happily alongside their fictional relations on the second floor of an old factory building at 540 Nepperhan Avenue here.
This is why we constantly hear statements like, "Any country that can put a man on the moon ought to be able to get George Bush's mind off Cyprus and onto the United States."
Benches and a chair were also designed by the artist.
Cosmair Inc., owned by the French cosmetics giant L'Oreal S.A., is introducing revamped television commercials and print advertisements by McCann-Erickson New York.
In the edgy exchanges that follow, he says he thought that blind people usually wore glasses.
"Why, when it comes to regular tenants' apartments, does the city say it doesn't have the materials or supplies to fix my apartment?"
Starting Anew The family thrived in this depressed and yet humane community.
Three-quarters of the roughly five billion tons of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere from human activity is produced by the industrialized countries, and the United States is responsible for nearly a quarter of the total.
The United States II team appeared to have won by 5 against Britain, but a director's ruling after the match was over left them trailing by 2.
When to Go Where The International Antique Dealers Show, organized in cooperation with the National Antiques and Art Dealers Association, opens tonight at the Seventh Regiment Armory, 643 Park Avenue, at 66th Street, with two previews to benefit the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.
and the Dow should be able to move up easier now."
Ruling three years after the Missouri Supreme Court had ruled against the Cruzans and said the state's right to promote life was virtually absolute, the United States Supreme Court left it to the states to deny that right to people who had not clearly claimed it.
One big impact, should the slow days continue, would be a few feeble weeks for Wall Street salespeople.
Nevertheless, Cheever told his son that the journals could be published after his death, if they were of sufficient interest and if the family did not find them difficult to take.
FRIDAY: Unemployment for April * Major automakers to release April sales.
There's no sport to spearfishing.
Today politicians who had planned to sign the document scorned it as an unacceptable compromise, and insisted that the republics must be allowed to start with full independence and then find their own mutual interests.
'Actions Served to Avert Risks' The police arrested the eight before they had a chance to pass out any needles, charging them with illegal possession of hypodermic needles, a law enacted to curb illicit drug use.
"I haven't received a proposal from any chain that we feel did anything more than say, 'Give us a percentage of the gross revenues and we'll do what we can,' " Mr. Kalikow said.
A BIT OF PROVENCE ON Sunday, which happens to be Bastille Day, there will be an exhibit and sale of things Provencal at Provence restaurant, 38 MacDougal Street (at Prince Street) from 10 A.M. to 4 P.M. Laurent Martinez, a graduate business student from the south of France, conceived of this Provencal promotion as a way to finance a year of studies at New York University.
The agreement, reached in the early hours of this morning after weeks of difficult negotiation, represents a victory for the United States and the 12 European Community countries, which had called for such a reorganization of United Nations relief operations as well as the establishment of a clearer right of humanitarian intervention, particularly in zones of civil strife.
"Seated Man at a Table" -- also the title of a series of cubist works by Picasso -- is the title of the presentation by Michael Rush and the New Haven Artists Theater; it will be performed by Emily Rubin and Joy Sweet, in collaboration with Mark Schmitt, a film maker, and Gregory Thorp, a photographer.
Her first camera was a Brownie, given to her on her 12th birthday; Cunningham first started working in a shed her father built.
I spent eight days at Canyon Ranch in Lenox, Mass., at the end of February.
Minor offenders pleading guilty would also not have to wait for complex felony cases to be heard, and felony cases themselves may be speeded.
After the judge's ruling, the head of Mr. Smith's defense team, Roy Black, withdrew his earlier motion that the trial be shifted out of Palm Beach County because of what he called the prejudicial and sensational publicity surrounding the case.
The odds, Mr. Grey concedes, are against it.
"They wanted things to get done in a period of time which I thought was unrealistically short."
A mutation on chromosome 5 appears to be associated with cancer of the colon.
Like the clothes, the taste of the audience was eclectic.
Laura Anne Green, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. David V. Green of Madison, N.J., was married yesterday to Bradford Schenk Singer, the son of Dr. and Mrs. Ellis P. Singer of Edison, N.J.
The 22-year-old owner, Raed Damreh, was arrested Oct. 31 by agents of the Federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, who charged him with conspiring with a local teen-ager to burn Mr. Damreh's store, Cooke's Kwik Shop in nearby Wake Forest.
A lawyer representing the airline in the case, John N. Romans, said the decision to close the trial was based on the Government's request to protect "the worldwide anti-terrorist program concerning international air flights."
Frank Reich replaced Jim Kelly, who suffered a damaged left knee in the second quarter, and Jeff Hostetler was inserted for Phil Simms, who severely sprained his right foot, which remains in a cast.
All Penn athletes in winter and spring sports have been inoculated and special precautions have been taken.
"Particularly Cats" is about two females -- the aforementioned flighty part-Siamese, called Gray Cat, and an indomitable little hybrid called Black Cat -- who simply could not afford to become friends for some mysterious, probably territorial, reason.
Japanese officials will visit the United States this week to try to soothe American anger over the Japanese ban on rice imports.
It is the first of two national meetings this month that are to focus on what organizers call the elitism of the American environmental movement.
As 500 fans cheered from the sidelines, the man who led Argentina to the 1986 World Cup championship scored six goals and his team won, 9-4.
Nike Inc. today reported a 14.5 percent increase in earnings for its first fiscal quarter, driven by 14 percent revenue growth fueled by its expansion in Europe.
The Knights scored three second-quarter touchdowns, two of them generated by the defense.
For American business, this is an inconvenient time for nominal G.N.P.
The American official said Yugoslavia's representative to the meeting gave "an optimistic report" today on the situation in his country.
A week ago, the Yankees would have found a way to lose this kind of game.
The way we run schools now, just providing more money is not going to assure us of better success."
Mr. Medza blamed the slow sales of the other companies, in part, on the inability of Poland's rudimentary banking system to process the sales.
"That's all hypothetical," said V.M.I.
"The best course is for ownership to make decisions and than come and talk to me."
Her brother, Felix, a photographer, also adopted Fonteyn as a professional name.
In the dead of last winter, Lutz Hesslich often sat alone in his bicycle shop here, staring out at the snow and wondering whether he had made a terrible mistake by opening a business in eastern Germany.
But he added that "there is no pressure for us to sell, no deadline.
For I.B.M., using Apple's software would allow it to try to differentiate its machines more from those of competitors.
* Vicki Blucher has joined Saatchi & Saatchi, New York, as senior vice president-executive producer.
Seventeen photographers started round-the-clock coverage that witnessed, in detail, every phase of the drama.
His relationship with his players extends beyond the ball field and the season.
The softly curved, undulating surface turns nature upside down: a great expanse of sky appears to spread out below.
The refugees move by bus or on foot along the highway betwen Basra and Nasiriya, two battered cities just north of the allied zone.
Mr. Watkins told the jury that the family was on its way to a Moroccan restaurant in Greenwich Village when attacked.
That was the beginning of our friendship."
A typical toiler in the bureaucratic trenches, he never embraced the Reagan ideology, but tasted enough action to know the flavor of the times.
The union has accused the school board of reducing its wage offer three times since March.
Protection from freezing is achieved by shutting off the indoor valve in the winter and leaving the outdoor valve open, so that water can drain.
For this editorial phase of his career, he adopted a Beat-influenced journalistic style of songwriting that blended incantatory spoken verses with conventional sung lyrics.
Nothing would seem connected to the "Negro Plot" of 1741, in which white New Yorkers, imagining a conspiracy among the slaves, hanged or burned dozens of people.
Just as different pastures will turn green earlier depending on altitude and angle toward the sun, certain souls will green faster than others.
It urged that the board stop setting schedules for cleaning classrooms and cafeterias weekly, as well as for other work.
As you wander through Georgetown you can stop by Paolo's at 1305 Wisconsin, where the pasta is secondary to the crowd at the black marble bar; or J. Pauls, an M Street dining salon with raw bar, or Clyde's, Washington's first New York-styled saloon.
and the trust corporation, said results and trends gleaned from the survey would be used to set discounts and pricing on property held by the Government and to help devise regulations for lenders.
He said the meetings signaled a shift in the Mayor's tactics to "more reaching out to people, a more open government."
The commission, which was appointed by President Bush, is reviewing the Pentagon's plan and is to make recommendations to Mr. Bush by July 1.
No charges can be pressed until further evidence is found, the police said.
For information on current activities on campus, check bulletin boards in the Gould Student Center.
Academy Award Sets Mark Some early pizazz was put into the weekend when Academy Award upset the favorites to win the Early Times Manhattan Handicap on the grass in record time for the stakes race and paid $26 for every $2 bet to win.
The regional Mexican dishes include chorizo tacos, tortilla soup and pork empanadas.
Her father is the senior partner of the law firm of D'Alessandro & Jacovino in Florham Park, N.J. Mr. Wadsworth, 25, graduated from Princeton University and is a student at the Hastings College of Law in San Francisco.
George V. Voinovich, a Republican, introduced Mr. Bush to the audience as "a President who cares deeply for the children of this nation" and "a President who has shown us the way through his unprecedented historic leadership."
Although successful and sought after, Mr. Dobbs echoes the bleak views of many screenwriters im town, views that have been expressed in the past by such prominent authors as F. Scott Fitzgerald and Clifford Odets, who wound up in Hollywood writing movies for the money.
She was polite but, she explained, after 12 days of conscientious viewing, she darn well didn't want to be disqualified from voting on the last film in the festival.
The authors, Fred Mannering and Clifford Winston, studied 488 households and their vehicle purchases over several decades.
But he did not favor easing standards.
"In their new space they will be unquestionably enhanced," Mr. de Montebello said.
Bielecki struck out three and walked none.
The Senate bill also would impose an undesirable limit on political strategy.
The other is used on Broadway in "Miss Saigon."
She graduated magna cum laude from Tufts University and received a J.D.
He once wrote that "the man who treats the lady as though she were a china doll, holds her gently, and is careful to see that she does not collide with every pillar, is more than often a man of fine sensibility."
"As we move through the calendar, the likelihood of June becomes more distant," said the White House spokesman, Marlin Fitzwater, when asked whether Washington and Moscow would hold to their proposed deadline for convening a summit sometime in the first half of 1991.
Rather, listeners can choose from among these works to revisit old friends, to explore works previously unknown and to hear varying interpretations of the same work.
They needed him to work with troubled catcher Mackey Sasser and his mental block about returning the ball to pitchers.
They'll keep trying those same 10 names.
In other words, Mr. Scruton is a veritable compendium of politically incorrect attitudes and beliefs.
He has written 10 novels and 14 collections of poetry; the most recent is "Through the Forest" (Atlantic Monthly Press; 1987).
Since he attended the school from 1969 to 1972 (CHRISTOPHER REEVE was his roommate), Mr. Williams has given time and money to Juilliard.
As long as sanctions remain in force, Iraq is unable to sell oil on world markets and cannot therefore start paying reparations to Kuwait for the damage done by its occupation.
This was about two years into the blacklisting period, and for the first time I decided, with some trepidation, to try to buck the storm.
The board's final vote on the proposed increase is scheduled for May 7.
All this Christmas cheer is apparently contagious.
Island wines are now offered in the restaurants of London, Paris and Brussels, as well as those in San Francisco, Los Angeles, Chicago and New Orleans.
Benjamin permitted a check that prompted him to move his king and thus forgo the chance for castling.
"Accidents are not getting the attention they once did, simply because of the demands of enforcement for other problems -- drugs and everything else," said Sam Yaksich Jr., the executive director of the American Automobile Association's Foundation for Traffic Safety.
None of us will," said Saeb Erakat, a professor at Bir Zeit University in the Israeli-occupied West Bank who is a member of the Palestinian team attending the talks.
But after losing Otis Nixon, the Braves went out and lost a game, partly because Lonnie Smith, who replaced Nixon in left field, lost his footing.
In the closing sections of "Burning Bush," Mr. Pyne traces Australia's effort to reconcile the extractive goals of the forester with the new ecologist's quest for life in harmony with nature.
He was the people's choice, too, paying $3 for every $2 bet on him to win, and paying $73,737 in prize money to his owner, Thomas Valando.
Pete Wilson and a variety of other state officials, as well as state and Federal courts.
Howard P. Giordano, who headed the city OTB from 1988 to 1990 said the agency, like all government bureaucracies, probably had a layer of people that "could be pared down."
We have the Fantasy, which has five screens, and the Twins, on Sunrise Highway, which has another two, but we can't get into them after 6 P.M. "If you go up to someone in line and ask them to buy you a ticket, they yell at you and tell you you're causing trouble.
"The way it works in the State Legislature, it's left up to the local delegation," he said.
It's very difficult to start a new movie, because we don't have enough money.
But shoppers may decide that a handmade cabinet or a gold bracelet set with precious stones is a gift that could become a family heirloom.
Dressed in a turquoise lame tuxedo and matching two-foot high hat, Marcos Aurelio found the idea of cancellation outlandish.
The impossible now seems at least plausible.
Peter Geer, chairman and chief executive of the New York agency, is relinquishing those titles to take the new position of chairman of the executive committee, effective today.
TORONTO ARGONAUTS -- Placed Jeff Braswell, linebacker, on the practice roster.
I just want to be able to come to the park and play.
Her father is a senior vice president at Kidder, Peabody & Company in New York.
NBC would not confirm a report that Robert Fraley, Parcells's agent, had asked the network not to mention the impending medical procedure.
Vasin said today that Boris N. Yeltsin, the Russian President, and others had expressed preliminary interest in creating some sort of an interregional center for preparation for the Winter Olympics.
Mr. Wiesel closed with an appeal to Romanians.
The movement has been reinforced by the fact that New York spends more per person on the program than any other state and by the traditional perception of home relief as a dole for those who prefer a life of dependency to a life of work.
As he testified, there was no sense that the Court had been on his mind except as the occasional target of a right-wing polemic.
Two by two, the suspects approach Lorraine's inert body and, without missing an exuberant beat or disturbing the rakish angle of their homburgs, kick the corpse right down to the footlights.
One part of the plan committed the Federal Government to $2.5 billion in block grants to states over the next three years and the second to $1.5 billion in matching funds over the next five years.
When in the hospital, Mr. Qin was generally allowed to see his wife and some of his former associates.
For some who find that culture makes them hungry, the solution is usually to be found in last-minute hot dogs from a pushcart vendor or the sandwiches and pastries sold outside the Delacorte Theater.
He owns a small cleaning business.
11 Qd4 cd 12 Bd8 Kd8 13 Rd4 Nf2 14 Rg1 ed 15 cd Bb7, with threats of 16 .
By late in the day Friday the outstanding three-month bill was bid at 5.59 percent and the six-month bill at 5.78 percent.
Col. R. E. Wilson, the branch head of marketing and advertising for the Marine Corps.
Some of the damage control includes establishment by the Fiesta Bowl of $100,000 scholarships at both schools to honor King and assist minority-group students.
"Since you only spend a limited amount of time with Alex, things always stay fresh," she added.
You've got it listed as a street.'
The men are all ciphers, except Jim.
Sexual Overtones And Draftsmanship While not dismissing the sexual overtones some critics saw in the work -- for instance, that the ovoids and bars represented the testicles and penis of the bull so prevalent in Spanish life and folklore -- he also associated much else with the theme.
Fire officials say a pile of oil-soaked rags left by an office renovation crew began the Feb. 23 fire that killed three firefighters in a high-rise office building.
So consideration was given to a wide array of candidates, but we'd already done a lot of homework.
He proposes more economies than tax increases because he fears too many taxpayers would sail away to tax havens in other states, leaving Mr. Rivera's membership and other poor people haplessly waiting on the levee.
Cook, stirring, until the onions are lightly browned.
It is a historical accident that only a few weeks after Mr. Mozer became famous -- and, if the leaks are right, simultaneous with his efforts to cut a deal with prosecutors -- the publicity mills are churning for another once-obscure Wall Streeter who gained fame through crime.
Sagging sales or not, McDonald's restaurants in this country still manage to serve more than 20 million people a day.
The tactic is to replicate the natural fledgling process, in which the young condor normally stays in the nest for the first three months, then jumps out and stays nearby for another three or four months before flying off.
And let's not encourage a tug of war here, but "New York, New York" belongs to Frank Sinatra, unless, of course, Liza Minnelli is belting it out.
More Leachate Than Expected A liner was installed to prevent leachate from seeping into the ground, and pipes were placed around the edge to collect water and drain it into a designated area.
Polgar handled the technical problems in the endgame nicely.
And the way he runs the floor."
He is survived by his mother, Irma, of Honolulu, two sisters and a brother.
She is a member of a statewide coalition on sexual assault that seeks to mold state and Federal policy affecting rape victims.
Museums Museums are generally open Tuesday through Sunday, 10 A.M. to 5 P.M.
He was known for his fierce Serbian nationalism, which earned him the enmity of other ethnic groups in Yugoslavia, and he was an official of Serbia's Socialist Party.
Discussions With Organizations Several AIDS groups said they were pleased with the agency's handling of DDI.
"Well, we bought him out."
Leveraged buyout shops that made their names in the 80's are among the biggest casualties in the slumping buyout business.
The phosphorus accumulates in sediment, increasing the number of algae and depleting oxygen from the marsh.
What makes the transit district even more unusual is that in a town of 24,000 people and 27,000 registered automobiles, it has measured consistent, increasing ridership.
And now we can really develop the potential of the country and move forward along the path of transformation.
Another reason why I do not wish to attend one of these balls is that apart from parading, the main occupation there is throwing "shade," which means being bitchy.
This dream is overwhelmingly male in its tone.
Wilkins (26 points) had 16 rebounds, 1 short of tying a career high.
Thomas Misses Practice The latest mishap occurred with 6 minutes 5 seconds remaining in the final quarter of the opener against the Celtics when Thomas took a charge from Dee Brown, who stepped on his foot.
Shopper: I'll take half a pound, please.
No doubt that is true.
"It's impossible for me to imagine those family relations not existing and those philosophical works not coming out of those relationships," Mr. Lewis said.
After his wife's death in February, Mr. Gardner spent most of May in Asia on a mission for the Asia Foundation, hoping that the time away would help him recover.
People want anything they can get their hands on.
While British stocks have a higher earnings exposure than Italian stocks, they have a more negative dollar response because of Britain's greater concern about inflation.
And at a news conference yesterday both sides spoke vaguely of "adjustments" that had been made in their deal and joked about what a great publicity coup Trump had unwittingly scored with his act-of-war claims.
Also today, the Customs Service ordered its agents nationwide to impound imports of certain wrenches and steel pipes from China, pending an investigation of whether they were produced by prison labor in violation of American laws on imports.
The oldest surviving Savennieres are sweet wines in the style of Sauternes.
What Ms. Abdul's music offers is the sterile exhilaration of a Hollywood blockbuster, where every quick cut and sound effect is designed to fit into the listener's reduced attention span.
Mr. Kerry's comments came after a week in which the connections between a former White House aide and a B.C.C.I.
Many new perfumes that do not have the leverage of a big company behind them have resorted to gimmicks and incentives, like a gift with each purchase, to retain counter space and sustain sales.
Subject to that compliance, the I.O.C.
"Frank joined us at the darkest hour in company history, March 1988, stabilized our development organization and shipped a very critical product for us -- 1-2-3, Release 3 -- which is the basis of a lot of what we have in the market today," Mr. Manzi said.
This, say veteran Middle East observers, is like trying to fine-tune a volcano.
A project was proposed to provide AIDS education and suppport.
But they said they had found no sign of any serious problem, like a heart attack or damage to one of his heart valves.
He died of Alzheimer's disease, his family said.
Her father is a manager in the investment advisory department of Brown Brothers Harriman & Company in New York.
Add leaves and kitchen waste (eggshells, coffee grounds, and vegetable and fruit matter).
19 Avenue d'Iena was on the market.
Where there was no tape or letter or other indisputable testimony available, they voted not guilty.
South Africa also retains a dozen small uninhabited islands off the Namibian coastline that figure in the dispute.
But many Southampton bon vivants are beating a path to the Appetizing Store not for unusual catered parties, but for their takeout fare.
In an interview yesterday, she said the major consideration weighing on her decision was the consuming nature of the $20,000-a-year position, which is theoretically part time but takes her what she estimates is 40 hours a week.
In one commercial, set in a Subaru factory in Lafayette, Ind., an announcer -- the actor Brian Keith -- intones in his best curmudgeonly voice, "A car is a car, and its sole reason for existence is to get you from Point A to Point B and back again."
LP indicates that a book is available in large print.
That could happen only with Western investment and technology.
In her pursuit of justice, in her desire to see him punished for his crime, she brings Jimmy before the college grievance board.
The tough new documentary by Alan and Susan Raymond can be seen tonight at 10 on HBO.
It believes that the deal is the key to stronger economic growth on both sides of the border.
His popularity extended beyond the borders of Louisiana when he was assassinated at the age of 42.
Hill, 25, was 11-10 with a 3.57 earned run average last season.
The show, part of the JVC Jazz Festival, was a tribute to the trumpeter Doc Cheatham that turned into a seminar on pre-be-bop playing.
She is an associate in the Chicago law firm of Much Shelist Freed Denenberg Ament & Eiger.
And Cory Strupp, the bank's head lobbyist, and a team of lieutenants, including Russell Smith, a former lawyer on the Energy and Commerce Committee retained by the bank, called upon 100 Democratic members of Congress.
It summarizes its conclusions in this statement: "America is riding high on a wave of post-Gulf confidence, but one part of the country is still missing out: the poverty-ridden ghettos where millions of black Americans live.
Bad Front Nine Stadler, who began the day with a one-shot lead, managed to recover from three bogeys and a double bogey on the front nine that had him on the verge giving in to the impatient streak that has plagued him throughout his 16-year career.
Power was also cut off in the central Andean city of Huancayo, 120 miles east of Lima.
Watching the play in Alex Dmitriev's production for the York Theater Company, one can transpose the character's criticism to any climate in which hypocrisy rides high.
Fifteen of the 25 dead were born within a 15-minute drive of the plant, and only three were born outside the Carolinas.
The only panel signed by theartist is a portrait of the mustached, bespectacled Thurber himself, which is said to be a remarkable likeness.
"We adopt the slang, mimic the hair."
metallurgists, said they had discovered how to replace the lead in the ductile forms of brass that make up about half of a metal faucet with bismuth, a non-toxic metal used in products ranging from Pepto-Bismol to superconductors.
Two years ago, many analysts and producers figured that the end was near for a period of gas oversupply dating from the early 1980's.
I haven't had so much mail since I wondered where "the wind that shakes the barley" comes from.
Sean Elliott's season-high 32 points led the Spurs.
Gordon R. Hector, a spokesman for the New Jersey Turnpike Authority, said the agency attributed 3 percentage points of the decline to the recession and the remainder to a recent toll increase.
Fossil evidence suggests that the first primitive cells existed about 3.5 billion years ago.
They mean a lot to us.
Others have become executives or doctors.
Mark N. Cooper, the Consumer Federation's director of research, said the Baby Bells had received about $12 billion in "excess returns" since 1985.
David L. Boren, the Oklahoma Democrat who heads the committee, later called the long apology the strongest part of Mr. Gates's testimony.
The ruling by Justice Stanley B. Katz of State Supreme Court in Queens, which was issued in February but did not become widely known until published yesterday in the New York Law Journal, rejected an argument by community groups that the Engine 294 closing was "arbitrary and capricious in that nonessential municipal services should be eliminated before essential services."
Yield: About 5 1/2 cups ice cream.
It's much more liberal than most coastal towns.
THE CRISIS YEARS: Kennedy and Khrushchev, 1960-1963, by Michael R. Beschloss.
He was 66 years old.
There once was a Wild Goose from France .
As a result, the United Nations Human Rights Commission, based in Geneva, sent an inspector in 1990 to make a confidential report on human rights there.
The Instrumental Ensemble of Avi gnon, a group of six musicians, will give five concerts of French chamber music, mostly from the 20th century, in a new series this season presented by the French Institute/Alliance Francaise.
He also runs from scrimmage and catches passes, especially on third down.
Civilian space analysts said they believed that infrared sensors on the ground and on aircraft were to have tracked the rocket in an effort to learn how to recognize enemy missiles and distinguish them from decoys and natural phenomena.
In addition, one witness to the shooting picked Mr. Wiggins out of a book of photographs of convicted armed robbers known to prey on riders and token-booth clerks, said a spokesman for the transit police, Albert O'Leary.
"You think about that sometimes, but it's great to have a great coach that believes in you.
On issues where Mr. Skinner has wielded influence so far, he is a mainstream Republican.
The question of representation for the various nationalities in the council will be decided on Thursday.
"I'll probably say, 'Go ask my psychiatrist.'
MATHEMATICIANS are embroiled in a new round of debate as they try to explain one of the leading mysteries in nature: why do trees full of Southeast Asian fireflies flash in unison?
The centerpiece of that effort has been a joint venture in the Soviet Union informally known as the White Nights project because of the Siberian summers.
His father is an internist in Rochester and a clinical associate professor at the University of Rochester School of Medicine.
Tyson doesn't do the things he used to, and Razor Ruddock, he's a one-arm fighter.
At a game last week with Transit Technology High School of Brooklyn, five people received special permission to attend from the coach, Troy Lindsay.
The department said the inquiry focused on whether the evidence in the case satisfied "the stringent jurisdictional requirements of Federal criminal civil rights laws."
I deal one on one with players, and if I have to close doors and deal with a difficult situation, I'll do it."
Howard Johnson's two-run double in the fifth ran his r.b.i.
Last week the Bush Administration negotiated another chip pact.
"I don't know anyone working there who isn't dreaming of getting out," said one former senior executive who had clashed with Mr. Dilenschneider and other managers over the decision to represent the bishops.
Special effects, notoriously costly items, are kept imaginatively within the means of the film's relatively low budget ($5 million to $8 million).
Mr. and Mrs. John S. Grotta of Armonk, N.Y., have announced the engagement of their daughter, Amy Lynn Grotta, to Jon Andrew Cummins, the son of Richard J. Cummins of Saratoga Springs, N.Y., and Eleanor Chanler of Woodcliff Lake, N.J. A November wedding is planned.
Quoting from an essay by Mrs. Aung San Suu Kyi titled, "In Quest of Democracy," he found the sources of her political struggle in the teachings of Buddhism.
On Friday, for example, the Labor Department reported that payroll jobs fell slightly in October after two straight advances and that the unemployment rate edged up to 6.8 percent.
The smouldering tank has become a rendezvous point for allied pilots who are heading into Kuwait.
Sir David said, however, that "yes, the Council is working on a resolution," and insisted that "the other aspects of 687" -- the cease-fire resolution -- must be taken into consideration.
"It was as good as material I read for any medium.
"In one month I make more friends than I made in eight in Minnesota."
The rest involves loans, grants and credits.
The act limits punitive and compensatory damages to $50,000 for companies with fewer than 100 employees, and up to $300,000 for the largest ones.
Neglected roads and bridges will be repaired and deferred projects revived.
But the prize-winning prize idea had one minor drawback: it was illegal.
Mr. Brando's big break came in 1947 when he won the leading male role in Tennessee Williams's "Streetcar Named Desire," a part that the producer first thought of offering to John Garfield.
Seven women danced eight untitled solos in the program that Sara Rudner presented on Sunday afternoon at St. Mark's Church.
According to the S.E.C., neither the woman who made the accusations nor her lawyer provided any information to corroborate them.
"We're geared up for it," Mr. Fox said.
Last month, Pepsico killed a widely promoted sweepstakes scheduled for the Super Bowl telecast because of the possible overload of the phone system in the early stages of the Persian Gulf war.
Antimissile Era Dawns A new generation of missile interceptors is being perfected, with greater range and power than the celebrated Patriot.
Is this feasible where I live, and where can I get seeds or plants?
's, we're simply running out of phone numbers," said Michael J. Runzler, a spokesman for Pacific Bell.
In buying Cetus, Chiron will expand into cancer treatments, Cetus's main area and a field that has much in common with the treatment of infectious diseases.
With one out in the eighth, Jody Reed singled off Storm Davis (3-8) and Plantier, recalled Aug. 9 for the second time this season, followed with a home run over the screen in left.
Further, he said, the association had to work with 17 different unions in putting together the show.
The remarks were Mr. Bush's latest and strongest effort to defuse what had been the Democrats' most effective attack on his Presidency: that he had paid more heed to crises in Moscow and the Middle East than to the recession in his own country.
Political battles in Louisiana are traditionally waged by force of personality rather than through political party organizations.
Ms. Kincaid and Ms. Pall should visit other emerging nations and see where things are really "grim and brutal."
"In some hospitals the nurses say they do not know what is going on, that every doctor wants something different, while other hospitals seem more organized and nurses and doctors there seem to agree more on what they are doing," Dr. O'Connor said.
Indeed, in its budget proposal for the fiscal year 1992, due in two weeks, the Administration is expected to seek a cut in the capital gains tax.
The latest periods included operations of Timberlake Grocery Co., which was acquired in January 1990.
Although the increases were propelled by the city's fiscal troubles, budget officials said the new revenues would not be significant.
There is the famous reference to Haut-Brion -- "Ho Bryen" -- in Pepys's Diary in 1663, confirmed 14 years later by John Locke when he visited the vineyard and 20 years later by the Elizabethan diarist John Evelyn, who met the chateau owner in London in 1683.
Finkel said that English and Fuller had collaborated on the wording of a letter from Tyson to Duva in which the former champion stated he would go through with the bout even if he was indicted in Indianapolis.
Iceland's conservative opposition party gained in parliamentary elections, according to final returns announced today, but not in sufficient numbers to guarantee that it can form a government.
Although physically and emotionally drained, he seemed in good spirits after a day of fielding telephone calls from well-wishers.
The 1985 from the La Turque Vineyard of Etienne Guigal was so highly praised by critics that it now sells for around $650 a bottle.
The committee's chairman, Alain Lamassoure, said the aid package would be reconsidered at the next session of Parliament, in Strasbourg in late February.
because they were already on the market when the agency was given the authority to regulate medical devices in 1976.
'Who Can Be More Negative' "It's isolating these youngsters and telling them 'You're different,' " Dr. Clark said.
Six plays later Smith scored on a dive from the 1-yard line.
He could paint a white-overalled house painter high on his ladder, and bring to the subject an evident professional sympathy.
Jim Florio and the Democrats are betting their futures on the checks, which should go out this week.
The new measures, published by the official Tass press agency, included an increase in wholesale prices for oil delivered to refineries.
And if Chile is having a hard time facing such problems, how much harder is it for other Latin countries that are far behind industrially?
But the regulatory system has not allowed the price of insurance to cover the cost."
The single most important factor in the North American losses was lower volume.
Sales have fallen off dramatically, from a high of just under 1,400 transactions in 1986 to a low of less than 1,000 last year.
"I suppose it's pretty funny."
In addition to the DECpc 433, the company also introduced portable laptop and notebook computers that will be made by Olivetti.
While Mr. Weiss would not discuss prices, which are to be announced on Tuesday, they are expected to range from around $65,000 for the 300SE and 300SD (diesel) sedans to around $125,000 for the 600SEL sedan with a V-12 engine.
Hundley, for his part, is oblivious to the speculation, consumed with making his impression on the Mets and not the Padres.
The next most lucrative local rights belong to the Mets, who will receive about $22 million.
But the numbers have to be considered carefully, Ms. Reich said.
Local residents and politicians said that young people frustrated by a long hot summer without money or jobs were easy game for "demagogues" and blamed those who have led other recent protest marches, the Rev.
"I'm not going to say collusion, but there are economic concerns," Axelrod said.
More than 8,000 troops, many newly returned from the gulf region and given a hasty refresher course in marching, made the walk of more than two miles from Capitol Hill to the Pentagon.
Mr. Keating's lobbying efforts to forestall Federal regulatory action against Lincoln are at the center of hearings in Congress into the actions of five Senators who accepted large campaign contributions from him.
Mr. Gorbachev disclosed the policy changes on Cuba during a joint news conference with Mr. Baker, after their talks in the Kremlin.
What I wanted was just a bit of spring.
It was not as bad as the instructions to our embassy in Iraq to tell Saddam Hussein we were not terribly interested in Arab border disputes.
The suit, filed on Monday in Federal District Court in Norfolk, seeks to set aside the Navy's awarding of the $1.8 billion contract last week to the General Dynamics Corporation's Electric Boat division in Groton, Conn. "We believe that the Navy's action is not in accordance with the terms of the original solicitation nor the Congressional mandate and is a direct result of improper interference in the procurement process by the office of the Secretary of Defense," said Edward J. Campbell, president and chief executive of Newport News, a unit of Tenneco Inc. Lieut.
"And at that rate, any accident is likely to be a bad one.
Chrysler's market share was bolstered by strong light-truck sales, particularly of the company's mini-vans, the Dodge Dakota pickup and the Jeep Wrangler and Cherokee models.
b-Included an extraordinary tax credit of $ 19,603.c-Net loss and included a loss from discontinued operations of $ 199,335.
The tally marked a sizable swing of centrist votes to Mr. Yeltsin, perhaps caused to some degree by growing evidence of Mr. Yeltsin's popularity and even more by evidence of growing economic and social disarray.
First of all, the co-op corporation is responsible under the proprietary lease to correct the damage caused by the leak.
He says he views his relationship with the group as an opportunity to broaden his base.
"Lots of people thought when I first came to New York that I didn't know how to read or write music.
One of the basic maxims of film making is that movies driven by story or character, which are likely to rely on ensemble casts, are cheaper to make than action pictures, which require expensive special effects and are built around big-name stars like Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sylvester Stallone.
Mr. Miller, for example, plays league darts, but continues to keep his job spray-painting automobiles.
Mr. Martin said he thought that the current recession was a crisis of confidence and that the economy would bounce back quickly after the Persian Gulf war.
The trucking industry claims it needs the bigger trucks to increase productivity, but productivity should not be attained at the cost of safety.
The first sought to relieve crowding in the city's psychiatric emergency rooms.
The mother tries to mind her daughter's kitchen as well as her romantic life.
Nonperforming loans in the group totaled $5.5 billion.
David Justice of Atlanta at the plate.
An Unusual Apology Even as Salomon's troubles spread to a number of its clients, the firm yesterday made an unusual public apology to one client, Tudor Investment, for implying during the Congressional hearings that Tudor had a secret agreement with a Salomon trader to hold securities in the Tudor name illegally for the bond-trading firm.
Her father is the president of Cook Consultants and Sales, a shoe importer in Alpine.
It also expanded the "Tier II" shelters that provide interim quarters for homeless families.
Unused since bulb-planting time last year, the muscles now complain sharply about my laziness by sending me nasty pains right above the knees.
Mr. Wong has been fairly lucky in the less than five months he has been on the Philharmonic's conducting staff.
The Hawaiian Electric Company said power was restored to about half the island by late afternoon and full service was expected tonight.
The singing sextet known as the Comedian Harmonists is a legend kept alive by a nostalgic appetite for memorabilia from the Weimar Republic, by an appreciation of superlative musicianship and more than 150 historical recordings.
Cornea transplants that can restore sight to the blind are treated in halacha as life-saving surgery.
With a blast at President Bush, a blithe dismissal of the polls and some blunt rejections of politics as usual, the Democrats who would be President assembled here today and began, in earnest, the scramble for the nomination.
IN a sad reflection of the hard economic times for newspapers, four venerable afternoon papers, in Richmond and Roanoke, Va., San Diego and Charleston, S.C., have recently announced that they will soon join the legion of departed afternoon dailies.
The Unisys Corporation is being held up these days as an example -- but hardly in a flattering way.
Does this season reflect a lack of an adventurousness or an obligation to work within the strictures of economic retrenchment?
"I don't know," she said.
A reconstruction of American-Saudi security negotiations since the war, based on interviews with American and allied officials, indicates that: *Saudi Arabia has refused since June to accept Pentagon plans to place an American Army division worth of tanks and heavy weapons in Saudi Arabian depots without a commitment from Washington to produce a detailed survey of Saudi military needs that, in the Saudi view, should then pave the way for the transformation of the Saudi Army.
The attack on Marie is not a rape but Rape; the attackers are not soldiers but the Military.
Armed Soviet police commandos surrounded Latvia's main newspaper publishing plant today to block the republic's independent government from taking it away from the Communist Party, according to the official Soviet press agency Tass.
The House voted today to overturn a ban on the use of fetal tissue for federally financed scientific research.
Harvey W. Wood, chairman of the church's directors and leader of what might be termed the modernist wing of the church, said that the executors of the Knapp estate were consulted by the board about what was being done and that they were satisfied the conditions for getting the money had been met, though he added the bequest was not yet in hand.
Once, a skateboarding employee smacked into a visiting client.
"It was packaged as a bank powers bill, when indeed it was something else," he said.
Her body had been stuffed in the trunk of her car, which was found next to a factory in Piscataway.
Johnson, crowned world champion in Tokyo last week, ran the 200 meters in 19.98 seconds, the first wind-unassisted performance under 20 seconds this year.
He insisted the language should be adapted into Irish-English.
"Ed Pinckney was the difference in the second half," Boston's Robert Parish said.
The veneer on the top has developed small cracks in the grain, and there are also a few small pieces missing.
He said the seriousness of the air-quality issue and the frequency of questions asked about it had caused county officials to "pull back and look further at emissions."
The French, the researchers said, not only consume high-fat diets, they also smoke more and exercise less than Americans.
"What Robert and I like to do is to keep a live feel.
Progress on German Issue It was the first time they had suggested indirectly that they had received guarantees for the release by Germany of two Muslim Shiite brothers jailed there on terrorism charges.
Caramoor's biggest coup is the festival-within-a-festival that will bring Andre Previn, the conductor, composer and pianist, to the landmark estate in Katonah for three consecutive weekends: July 13-14, 20-21 and 27-28.
Details Not Final Congressional officials said the House and Senate panels will have separate staffs, but details have yet to be worked out over how independently they will operate.
Mr. Miyazawa, an urbane former government bureacrat, and Mr. Watanabe, a gruff-voiced political operative, were initial front-runners.
The problem with the Giants may be too many Super Bowl games.
"Baseball is the major retail industry on Main Street now," said Douglas Walker, the owner of the National Pastime gallery, standing next to an autographed color photo of Rose on first base after his 4,192d hit broke Ty Cobb's record.
Mr. Pierson lambastes Washington's estimate of $26 billion in subsidies and cites a European study that asserts that America's commercial aircraft industry has received $23 billion in indirect subsidies.
Mr. Dionne's response: "It's obvious.
The typical $20,000 added cost of a second night-shift clerk can seriously cut into the profit margin.
The Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association, which operates in southern and eastern New York, lost about 400,000 customers, or 30 percent, of its small-group pool between 1988 and 1990.
World premiere of Stephen Rayne's production of Shakespeare's tragedy.
(Vincent Canby) Jacob's Ladder 1990.
Omar is escorted from the room, his left hand in that of a counselor, his right thumb in his mouth.
And it has spawned an uncommonly well-planned set of spinoff products, from knickknacks for grown-ups to a book any librarian would love.
"I'm not against that," he said.
Some day early next year, maybe during President Bush's visit in January, South Korea is expected to announce that it is now "nuclear free."
But the chemical process that would be used, the G.A.O.
It is, of course, a B picture, and Barton hasn't a clue as to how to start.
Nelson Mandela today accused the European Community of racism over its lifting of sanctions against South Africa this month against the wishes of his organization, the African National Congress.
'Leading the Charge' Mr. Sanders said he and the other two officers will retain their status as active members.
Guests in these rooms must be ambulatory and alert.
3 43 THE SEVEN HABITS OF HIGHLY EFFECTIVE PEOPLE, by Stephen R. Covey.
A 26-year-old bachelor who holds dual citizenship in Canada and the United States, Brett Hull has a deep voice, a craggy face, deep-set blue eyes, a spiky thatch of strawberry-blond hair, an accommodating attitude and a gentlemanly style of play.
At issue, too, was the overwhelming void created by the sudden absence of Jews in a pulsing city in which great Jewish personalities like the physicist Albert Einstein and the painter Max Liebermann left their mark.
In 1948, a study by the Welfare Council of New York said the causes of homelessness were still "vague" but urged smaller structures distributed among neighborhoods instead of a big centralized facility.
The statement also calls on Arabs and Jews to seize the opportunity for peace in the Middle East.
The firefighters said that breaking windows to clear out the smoke without simultaneously hosing down the fire would have fed the flames.
"It feels kind of gloomy."
But it is surely no worse a concern today than it was in the spring.
We thought that independence would solve everything.
2 2 22 THE FIRM, by John Grisham.
The police said the boy initially contended that he had been abducted by Mr. Cabrera, who lived at 1183 Grand Concourse in the Bronx and who had known the boy and his family for several years.
Pogrebin's unfortunate way of linking abortion and adoption is not only hurtful to birth mothers but to those "infertile parents" who are not able to conceive.
He was 76 years old and had had a heart ailment for some years.
Cook over medium heat so that sauce simmers.
Manufacturers Hanover Trust, the single largest bank creditor, said it would reclassify $181 million of loans to Best as nonperforming.
"There may be people out there with information which has not come to light thus far.
Mr. King's lawyer, Steven Lerman, said: "My client has not told me of any involvement in the case.
"I would like to see the day when consumers will say, 'If you are going to get a credit report on me, get it from Equifax.'
In one, Evie Teale (Ms. Ross) finds herself alone with her two children in wilderness territory when her husband fails to return from a cattle-buying expedition.
Doubles are $55 to $65, suites $125.
But Muslims insist that the killings were provoked by Hindu troublemakers seeking to exploit growing tensions with the Muslim minority.
The Republican winner will face Edward Rendell, a former district attorney, who won the Democratic nomination.
At the convocation to open the fall semester at the Fashion Institute of Technology, Marvin Feldman, its longtime president, surprised the staff and faculty by announcing his intention to step down.
Among the five defendants in Mr. Dixon's suit are Maj. Bobby G. Gibson, Major Duckworth's successor as chief of the Criminal Investigation Bureau.
I have already said that I have signed an appeal to the citizens of Russia, and the people of Moscow.
The courts are not supposed to decide who is right or wrong.
The second and fourth layers are iridescent white, with a diamond-shaped quilted pattern, where the interstices of the diamonds are marked with silver balls.
"I'd say better than the regular.
Mrs. Greenland, a graduate of Brooklyn College, was the senior vice president for human relations at Smith/Greenland Advertising Inc. in New York.
But with the latest increases in unemployment, even that may be too low.
Before the start of a recent concert of Vietnamese pop music here in the community known as Little Saigon, schoolchildren in smart blue uniforms marched onto the stage of a school auditorium carrying the yellow and red flag of South Vietnam, a country that ceased to exist 16 years ago.
Judge Sand said that construction of 200 units of federally financed low-income housing scattered on seven sites, mandated under the original plan, was well under way after many delays.
Mr. Stierle's ballets will forever teach that lesson.
And how could we -- at 16 -- have imagined that the social and political system some of us believed we were changing would soon, with consummate trickiness, double back on itself and re-create the conservative 50's?
Different limits for different cars are an additional possibility, although the disparity should be minor so as to avoid having cars unsafely whizzing by each other.
"But not many people believe it will be easily solved."
Mr. Sutherland's wife had stayed on in Beirut through the long ordeal.
A news release by Samuel F. Fortunato, the New Jersey insurance commissioner and Mutual Benefit's chief rehabilitator, said Mr. Kates had been discussing his severance package with state officials for several weeks.
Conflicting interpretations of the Civil Rights Act seem to confirm what Judge Kozinski said in a case several years ago: "Legislative history can be cited to support almost any proposition, and frequently is."
Consumer advocates, for example, say the cost of premiums should be the primary consideration when selecting one life-insurance company or policy over another.
Rooms, though small, are beautifully proportioned, with impeccable architectural details.
Olivares (8-5) lost his bid for his first major league shutout when Charlie Hayes hit a two-run homer with two out in the ninth.
Request for an Apology The debate has been fanned in recent weeks by Honolulu's pugnacious Mayor, Frank F. Fasi.
"I can watch a play, hear music and be totally exhilarated," he said.
Corporation officials put their only East Coast center on the New Jersey side of the Hudson River.
The company's 10 7/8 percent debentures due 2010 rose $2.50, to close at $84.50.
Don Schmidt, the latest owner of Kreuz Market, which first opened in 1900, said the secret of his success was the use of clod, or beef shoulder, which he said is more tender and less fatty than brisket.
Comparing Figures The figures compiled by Mr. Sawyer, chairman of the Census and Population Subcommittee of the House Post Office and Civil Service Committee, were based on a comparison of the census figures and figures compiled in an October 1990 analysis of the population by Gregg Robinson, a Census Bureau demographer.
Einson Freeman Inc., Paramus, N.J., a unit of WPP Group P.L.C.
Carnival Cruise Lines is cutting the fare for a seven-day Caribbean cruise by $300 a person; the new prices will range from $849 to $1,389.
As a result, some industry executives and experts predict that many title insurers will be weakened in coming years, and they fear what would happen if one of the big ones had serious problems or even failed.
Yields on certificates of deposit and money market accounts, down for the last three months, fell again for the one-week period ended yesterday.
Farmers lose limbs and lives to accidents with machinery.
Don called on the evening of May 11 to say that the blues were in.
The agreement, announced in Tokyo today, appeared to be an effort to end the dispute over whether Sony's new mini-disk system or Philip's new digital compact cassette -- or DCC -- tape should prevail as an industry standard.
Visiting American Congressional delegations usually include him among the Palestinians they visit.
Lebanese economists are skeptical about quick recovery.
They could bail out our budget, these guys."
The First Engagement The men have been drawn to the area because it is a hub for computers, but socially the pickings are slim -- only three single Orthodox women in a city of 750,000, by Mrs. Bergman's tally, and she ought to know.
There wasn't a stenographer in sight.
The fracture may not occur from the "inbending" of the blow, he says.
The Nat Adderley Sextet is to perform tonight through Sunday at Sweet Basil, 88 Seventh Avenue South, above Bleecker Street; telephone: (212) 242-1785.
Ehlvest could not capture with 37 Qd5?
Can they really do this?
"Until Justice Rolls Down" is a pleasantly anecdotal story about intrepid prosecutors in pursuit of evidence that the author makes no effort to synthesize.
One is to buy insurance for long-term care.
Her husband, Roland, a retired sanitation worker, thought it was a grand idea, too.
This is the Yeshiva University Museum in the building devoted to research and a library in the eclectic sprawl of academic buildings in Washington Heights.
A police detective in Puerto Rico, Jose Rodriguez, said Mr. Beniquez had become the "most wanted man in Puerto Rico today."
When his daughter was born, he brought the placenta into school as a prop for a class on reproduction.
Then she would release the shutter of her 4-by-5 camera at precisely the right moment -- "by rote," he said, "like putting a rifle together in the dark."
I'm not as busy as I was, which is by design in a sense.
These figures suggest that by concentrating on select, severely depressed cities, Washington could make a big difference.
Even if the tunes were Mr. Coleman's speedy, irregular squiggles, the band could stop on a dime -- as it did half a dozen times during its opener.
"It's my own censorship," Ms. Vered said.
But "the human factor is still the most important part of making an aircraft safe."
The truth-in-testing law, which took effect in 1980, requires standardized testing services to release the answers to their examinations after the tests are taken.
He did not succeed, but he had occasion in the selection tournament to admire his partner's defense on the diagramed deal.
Dr. Law said that the foundation received most of its money from a donor who wanted to not be named.
Taco Bell had a 14 percent rise in sales, to $405.5 million, but more than doubled its profit, to $31.4 million.
The Cunning Little Vixen Opera in three acts by Leos Janacek, libretto by the composer based on stories by Rudolf Tesnohlidek; conductor, Christopher Keene; director, Frank Corsaro; scenery and costumes from designs by Maurice Sendak; sets and lighting by Neil Parker Jampolis; costumes by Steven Feldman; choreography by Jessica Redel.
Norman Mailer is part of our cultural patrimony; that ill-considered review deprives and orphans both writers and public.
"The critical notes they write are really meant to be constructive," said Michael Riley, manager of the New York Flower Show, who is also a master judge in the American Gloxinia and Gesnariad Society.
woman's age, distressful life and the future, the unwanted child, the unwed mother."
The first, Steven John, was wounded on Dec. 26.
"I was almost always one of the last to leave, and I usually hadn't even been in the game.
The restoration of the vineyards is a painstaking process, requiring a minimum of five years for new growths to produce whatever promise they have.
It would take a widespread conspiracy to achieve the deception Mr. Kane alleges.
The chairman's position had been vacant since Robert Barney retired last year.
Financial Linchpin "The Enjoyment of Music" has sold more than 1.7 million copies since it was published in 1955, making it by far the best-selling music book ever and the financial linchpin of its publisher, W. W. Norton & Company.
1 1989 draft choice, who has been out with an injured knee, was charged with drunken driving, public intoxication and failure to obey a police officer.
The result was the Stim-mobile, which dangles five disks with simple, high-contrast black-and-white patterns above the infant.
The bride, 26 years old, is the daughter of Patricia L. Johnson of State College, Pa., and Robert M. Johnson of Ann Arbor, Mich.
The restaurant is primarily a la carte, with starters from $13 to $16; entrees ranging from $27 to $31, and desserts $11.25.
In the top of the 11th, Dawson followed Doug Dascenzo's tie-breaking r.b.i.
Apartments would suddenly be unavailable after landlords met my black Puerto Rican husband.
A kilogram is 2.2 pounds.
Warren E. Buffett, the Omaha investor who was named chairman and chief executive of the firm on Sunday, flew to Washington yesterday to meet with a series of regulators who are currently investigating the firm.
With most quarterly results in, it has become clear that most Wall Street analysts were far too optimistic about how strong small-company profits would be, said Randall Pearson, a vice president at the Institutional Brokers Estimate System, an earnings analysis firm.
"Maybe, politically, that means talking to the prosecutor and the judge beforehand.
Few can fully imagine all the potential applications for the new technique.
Plutonium can burn spontaneously in contact with air and undergoes a nuclear chain reaction if enough is concentrated in one place.
Morrison stood for sex, drugs, social revolution and freedom from hope and light.
The company will arrange tours for groups of as few as six.
"Everybody who was fortunate enough to own a house in 1975 pays very little more than they did in that base year."
Senator Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts said: "War is not the only option left.
umbrella), the Cribb and Thackeray series came to an apparent end in 1978 with "Waxwork," a darker and more ambitious book than its predecessors.
And, even before Saddam Hussein's tanks rolled into Kuwait, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris was predicting major gains that are supposed to bring the current account gap below 1 percent of G.N.P.
The supplies included medicine, hospital equipment, and food and toys for Croatian children.
Silver Mound was sparkling white with a touch of cream at the center, Samantha a clear yellow with variegated green and gold foliage, and Lavender was lavender.
The proportion of Americans who would favor apologizing for Hiroshima rose to a total of 50 percent if Japan apologized for Pearl Harbor, however.
Penguin Coach Angry "The guy should have had a 10-minute match penalty for deliberately injuring an opponent," Penguins Coach Bob Johnson said about Fetisov.
I'm sure that many of you saw on -- on the television -- the unforgettable scene of four terrified Iraqi soldiers surrendering.
Fallon McElligott also won in the national trade promotions category in specialty advertising.
The American command said 5 Iraqi tanks and 20 artillery pieces had been destroyed and 7 prisoners taken.
It was not yet 8 A.M., and already callers to the radio talk show had accused Mr. Weicker of misleading voters, padding state finances to fix up the Executive Residence and devising an income tax that a Bloomfield woman said could force her to lose her home.
And much of what he suggests is sublime: caviar over sour cream, shallots and vodka served in an egg shell, bluepoint oysters atop lemony risotto that highlights the shellfish brine, superbly fresh sauteed turbot in a leek-butter sauce, and seared foie gras with caramelized apples and tarragon vinegar sauce.
In his 29 years in the theater, he was the stage manager for many of Neil Simon's plays, including "The Sunshine Boys," "The Prisoner of Second Avenue" and "Last of the Red-Hot Lovers."
Mr. Hirschfeld as a writer on his art is as astute and to the bone as he is as a draftsman.
"The Cry of the Owl" is not just chilly.
He collected food for them and himself every day from the garbage at a school on the West Side.
CONNECTICUT Government offices: Federal, state, municipal closed.
Call 763-8451 for more information.
"At no time since I have lived at the condominium, and specifically during any of the years reflected on this report, did Mr. Smith or any of his companies have any matters before the Court or that were affected by Court decisions," Justice Brennan wrote.
Other new offerings are expected to be a model of its Wrangler tire for light trucks and a tire that the company says will improve fuel efficiency by 4 percent.
The statement warned that "Israel will continue to exercise its right to self-defense if terrorist attacks are carried out against it from Lebanon."
He contributed to many organizations, including the Jewish Community Center in Providence, R.I., and the National Conference of Christians and Jews.
He was guilty of a giveaway in the defensive zone, a piece of charity quickly accepted by center Mike Ridley.
The recordings also indicate that one officer repeatedly dismissed a witness who called the police back after the officers left, insisting that the police had erred in leaving the boy behind.
In its ninth week, it has dipped to No.
The campaign was prepared by McCann-Erickson.
"If we just throw Patrick the ball for the sake of throwing him the ball, it serves no purpose," said point guard Maurice Cheeks.
It's Not Fisher-Price Directly across the street from Mr. Lukowski, Kelly Wheeler set up her own little sign.
Dr. Kenneth R. Dardick of Mansfield, the author of the recently published "Foreign Travel and Immunization Guide" (Medical Economics Books, Oradell, N.J.), is a principal in the Center for International Health and developer of Immunization Alert, a computer compilation of international health data.
Mr. Kovner, who is 54 years old, will leave at the end of September.
It was 19.2 points, not 29.2.
The assistance corporation money could substitute at least in part for unpopular tax increases or service cuts.
But when the letter of rejection came, the reason given was that my apartment was on the top floor of a five-story walkup."
6 7 17 HEIR TO THE EMPIRE, by Timothy Zahn.
There is still an opening above that post, for president of Madison Square Garden.
Japan had 405 reported AIDS cases as of last Aug. 31, a small number compared with the West and Africa, but the largest number in the Asian-Pacific region outside Thailand and Australia.
"I didn't see any changes in him.
To make a meaningful start, Congress would need to allocate at least $1 billion, and with any luck more.
spokesman, said 32,000 of the 205,500 domestic employees had enrolled, exceeding expectations.
His audience, about 2,000 strong, was arrayed before him on bales of straw.
Mr. Gorbachev is promising the republics greater sovereignty, but Mr. Yeltsin and other insurgent leaders are stressing this must be firmly guaranteed by the treaty, not merely promised by a Soviet president flush from the referendum.
Felix G. Rohatyn, a partner at Lazard Freres and a longtime adviser to Mr. Ross, is said to be familiar with the deal.
Workers said they did not raise complaints about safety because they wanted to keep working.
Evacuation of all non-essential United States Government employees and their dependents was ordered on Dec. 12 after an escalation of random violence.
Still, Mr. Leuffer said, Ashland's stock price reflects investors' belief that Ashland had "a reasonable chance of coming out the victor."
Indeed, he said one enthusiast went so far as to remodel a room of his house into a cockpit.
Almost Admiring In a funny way, Stargell sounded almost admiring of Lofton.
"We have to get up higher for our attempts.
He said Mr. Yeltsin had promised a CNN correspondent, Claire Shipman, that she would get the first post-coup interview after she and her CNN crew spent the first long night of the coup inside the Russian Federation Building with Mr. Yeltsin, who was defying the hard-line coup leaders.
The Spoleto Festival U.S.A., which is based in Charleston, S.C., is widely regarded as one of the most rewarding and expansive summer arts festivals in the United States.
Cashen didn't finish the sentence.
It was intended to discourage aliens from coming to the United States illegally by making work unavailable to them.
He said he felt uncomfortable waiting, saying he said he felt anxious about a terrorist attack.
When Mr. Weaver told one client that the company was not able to meet a deadline because its principal was dying, he recalled, the client said, " 'Don't make your problems my problems.'
Growth Patterns Donnell Library Center of the New York Public Library, 20 West 53d Street; (212) 675-0560.
Saluting Robert De Niro March 9 -- The American Museum of the Moving Image will honor Robert De Niro with its annual A.M.M.I.
He was born in Rayville, La., and held bachelor's and law degrees from Louisiana State University and doctoral degrees in law from Yale and Harvard.
What the researchers must determine next is whether the key region of half a million base pairs enfolds one gene or several genes.
He drew praise from Federal regulators as he sold all of the bank's California retail operations to the Wells Fargo Bank.
They came to search in good faith, with mutual trust, a common ground.
If that light weren't there, how many boats do you think would wreck every night?
"The dining room is part of my own home," he said.
"To indicate the importance that we attach to the jobs that these two hold, running the two operating units of Nynex, we made them vice chairmen and directors," Mr. Ferguson said.
"My colleagues have a picture of America that isn't true," Mr. Katoh said.
Gang then stalked out of the building and ran two blocks to Jessup Hall, the main administration building, which faces the campus common.
The man said he left South Africa voluntarily but did not explain how he had gotten the necessary money or passport to travel to Zimbabwe.
The Treasury first invited bids nearly three years ago, and NCR's technology was not a part of the proposal.
Having won his second-round match handily on Wednesday against Arnaud Boetsch of France, Lendl had briefly addressed the subject of this burgeoning Power Boy Tennis.
Let The Washington Post at budget season prattle on about "The Return of Miss Rosy Scenario."
But even the foibles of the city are presented more with affection than with malice.
It is impossible to verify accounts of what is going on inside Iraq, where Mr. Hussein has been trying to put down an insurrection ever since he withdrew his battered army from Kuwait after a six-week pounding by American and allied armed forces.
But city teachers, aware that many of their suburban counterparts are earning $10,000 a year more than they are, seem set on extracting pay increases.
Besides, oil firms hold more than two-thirds of the contracts traded there: An infant is more independent of its parents than this market is from oil companies.
He was 44 years old and lived in Bethesda, Md.
State Representative Edward C. Sullivan, a Democrat from Manhattan who is chairman of the Assembly Higher Education Committee, has encouraged the state universities to find their own sources of support, partly because it "helps develop pride in the campus."
Courier's quarterfinal opponent will be Stich, seeded No.
The rear buildings, approached by a narrow stone stairway, face an 8,000-square-foot grassy inner courtyard with benches, walkways and lamppost lighting.
He then joined his son, Stephen, and others in a new firm, Goldberg Gelman & Harnik.
The stock dropped almost immediately after its announcement early in the day that it had lost $157 million in the first quarter.
As the concert ends, the two men grimly introduce themselves: the lieutenant is Jack Aubrey; the little man in the rusty coat is Stephen Maturin.
In their first regular-season meeting last year, the Dolphins won, 30-7.
"If it comes off right, I know Hinson's going to get it."
"I have a deep-rooted feeling that we've probably saved a few lives," Col. Harmon said at a news conference Thursday.
FLOATING COMMUTERS Wealthy commuters from America's suburbs to nearby business and financial centers caused traffic jams in the early 1900's just as they do today, except that they were waterway tie-ups rather than highway or railway bottlenecks.
He did not fine Mr. Loce.
Another would place new restrictions on the ability of banks to sell insurance, a provision sought by the insurance industry, which is one of the most influential and pervasive lobbies in Washington.
Parcells said he was aware that he would have to respond during "N.F.L.
BC-DC, a London party-design concern, created a conservatory in the lobby, and three Christmas trees were decorated by the staff members of the magazines Elle Decoration, The World of Interiors and House & Garden, which worked with The Chelsea Gardener, a London nursery.
"It is very hard for a person who lives in wealth and then gets up the next morning and finds himself with nothing.
"It was almost hatred," he said, "which I really don't understand.
Mr. Bush and other allied leaders dismiss the proposal.
Allen Pinkett opened the season with 144 yards rushing against the Raiders and followed it the next week with 101 yards against the Bengals.
Judge Lupo found that the prosecution had sustained its burden.
's Thomas J. Watson Research Center in Yorktown Heights, N.Y. Dr. Thatcher is one of a handful of American researchers seeking innovative ways to keep advances in computers available to the blind.
Gen. Sir Peter de la Billiere, said the coalition's aerial bombardment to date was "minor, compared to what they've got coming."
Johnson, Owens and Ellis are Syracuse's three leading scorers, and Edwards is also a starter.
commissioners, in terms of both political philosophy and personal animosities.
Its circulatory system is designed to both shed and conserve heat, as needed.
But in an interview last weekend with selected black reporters, he said the news media had distorted his remarks.
Results are in Canadian dollars.
After six months, Lexmark introduced the I.B.M.
There have also been suggestions that Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former United States Attorney in Manhattan who lost the 1989 mayoral race in New York City, might mount a Republican primary challenge against Senator D'Amato.
He said he had "an understanding" with the team that he would play through June and that beyond that he considered it "probable" that he would sign with the Rangers and report to training camp next fall.
Mr. Sokolov, who researched much of his text as a columnist for Natural History magazine, ranges far and wide, from Puerto Rico ("home of the most fertile and diverse of all our regional cuisines") to Peru to Spain and back to the Philippines.
Agents at the San Clemente checkpoint seized 75,000 illegal aliens last year, most of them from the floors or trunks of vehicles, Mr. Davidian said.
Midori has five different triples and the triple Axel, and her jumps are higher than anybody else's."
"If, in fact, any wrongs were committed, then we were the most victimized as we sustained probably the largest losses," the statement said.
I learned that a long time ago.
Outstanding among the more decorative birdhouses is one covered with chunks of colored glass -- "a dazzler in the sunlight," Mr. Anton said.
The company also plans service centers in Moscow and Leningrad.
Buoyed by the growth of trade shows and the hope of revitalizing crumbling downtowns, 42 cities across the country are scrambling to build new convention centers or expand the ones they already have.
Behind the high security fences at its headquarters in Ft. Meade, Md., one of N.S.A.
But for Kuwaitis today, Ramadan is a devout period of thankfulness for the recovery of their freedom mixed with deprivation and painful realities left by the Iraqi Army after eight months of occupation.
"It was a pretty tough day for everybody," said Jamie Burleigh, junior class president.
Luckily for the Giants, though, the defense is ranked third in total yardage in the National Football League, yielding the least passing yardage.
Such practices could allow Salomon to run up bond prices to increase its profits.
After decades of futile discussions in which independent Eastern colleges were unable to form a football alliance, eight universities came together this morning to compete under a banner that changed the college sports marketplace in the 1980's.
JOSE CANSECO is unhappy with the way he is being treated by the Oakland fans and says he has asked his agent to look into trade possibilities after the season.
Richter's most remarkabale save, however, came with a second left in the overtime, when he stopped Pat Conacher's point-blank backhander to preserve the tie.
But the firm, a subsidiary of the big French bank, has more than 2,000 clients.
It's a clock that gives a lot of service.
Blazing Backhand On the first point, Forget, who says he finds more pleasure in doubles than singles, stepped back, accepted Edberg's kick serve, and blazed a backhand down the line.
Gavriil K. Popov, Moscow's Mayor, is at constant war with his City Council, which regularly cancels his decrees.
He was 57 years old.
Although the price was not disclosed, interviews with company executives and bankers suggest that it was 20 percent less than had been hoped for when the site was put up for sale last summer.
Mr. Cuomo turned down clemency requests from more than 400 inmates, Ms. Crowley said.
On Aug. 1, the Berks County Commissioners threatened to sue the school district if the paintings were not returned to the museum.
Some bridge deals give players the impression that they are accompanying Alice in the looking glass: everything is topsy-turvy.
Not long ago an agricultural country whose Alpine peasants were laborers in Switzerland and Austria, Liechtenstein now counts 12,000 foreigners in a work force of 20,000, mainly Swiss and Austrians.
Mild recessions like the one we have just had, he argues, are generally followed by weak recoveries because as companies scramble to increase inventories, the built-in kick is smaller.
The Penguins hung on for a 4-3 triumph over the Devils at the Meadowlands that tied their playoff series at three games each.
WITH: Rae Dawn Chong, Lolita Davidovich, Annabella Sciorra, Talisa Soto and Rachel Ticotin.
"When the environment gets riskier the price of insurance goes up," Mr. Feinstein said.
The Leeds's pediatrician, Curran's day-care director, two downstairs neighbors and their minister also wrote on their behalf.
We are not starting out with preconceived ideas.
In Atlantic City, 50 miles below, the last rousing march of a mechanical band faded a long time ago.
If hopes for a more peaceful new world order are to be realized, Russia has to be transformed into a state that poses no danger to its neighbors.
President Bush has also made an accord a central economic objective and has sought to complete it before it could become embroiled in the politics of the 1992 Presidential election year.
Customers waiting for pizza watch diners dine.
This is meant to look like trouble at first, since one of his new roommates greets Bean with a taunt: "Don't you like Negroes?"
In a telephone interview yesterday, a tired-sounding Steven J. Ross, the chairman of Time Warner, said that Wall Street simply did not understand.
He had worked his way up."
Of King Hussein of Jordan, who was also sympathetic to Iraq, he said, "I'll never shake his hand unless the King orders me to."
She offers only bare fragments of her personal life before the Germans arrived, glimpses of herself as a young medical student in love with a law student to whom she was married six weeks before the Wehrmacht marched into her homeland.
'They're Both Acting Civil' "It hasn't been a dirty campaign," said Horace Reschke, a genealogist.
said Oscar Escobar, a television reporter in Ciudad del Este, a city on the border with Brazil.
Analysts said the stimulative effects of such a fiscal step would not be terribly great, and would be far outweighed by negative reaction from Japan and other major trading partners.
"It's wide open; the fight game is wide open," Holmes said yesterday.
TRACK MEET, for children 6 and up, to compete in sprints (up to 3,000 meters), a one-mile race-walk, distance running, relay races, and high and long jumps.
Another Cutback Vincent Pesini, president of the 1,200-member American Federation of Government Employes, the major union at the post, estimated that the cutback would ultimately mean the loss of 2,000 jobs.
Uncertain consumers have sharply curtailed their spending for clothes and other non-essentials.
Given the production pressures of churning out weekly television, true quality is something of a miracle.
"They're a great thing for Japanese beetles and cutworms, any kind of soil-borne caterpillar or beetle larvae, even flea beetles.
I don't want to be unkind to travel agents, but there have been studies worldwide asking what kind of advice people get from their travel agents, and it falls into two categories: either the travel agent dismisses the issue entirely or focuses on the narrow question of whether you need a shot to enter the country.
That meant Mitt got $1 million and my share came to about $300,000.
Turn and broil for another 10 minutes.
The Secretary General reported that the Foreign Minister merely gave him "a familiar restatement of Iraq's position," saying the inspectors are spies and saboteurs and have no right to the documents they have taken.
Linda Ronstadt's Songs Linda Ronstadt, who has taken a number of artistic risks in her career, has once again defied conventional commercial wisdom and released her second album of Mexican mariachi songs sung in Spanish.
Dr. Sailone said: "He shouldn't be practicing if he took care of these patients.
"I've been raised by females -- aunts and grandmothers," Mr. Dabbs said in an interview at the prison last week.
"We really have professionals that can execute in these areas if we give them an improved rating to operate with," Mr. McGillicuddy told the analysts.
The child must stay there quietly for several minutes, usually one minute for each year of age.
Also yesterday, Standard & Poor's said it would continue to monitor the firm's debt with the possibility of a downgrade.
One was the delicate lavender and white wild flowers in a weed patch formed by the intersecting lanes.
"He makes her look elegant and fragile, and she makes him look big and sexy."
More than 80 cities, the District of Columbia and four states -- Connecticut, Hawaii, Massachusetts and Wisconsin -- now have gay rights laws.
"I mean, I turned the stuff over to the Justice Department thinking, 'Hey, wow.'
Mr. Schemel, 31, graduated from the University of Wisconsin and has an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago.
Hashing Things Out "It takes time to work these things out," Checketts said.
The other good news about this "Henry IV" is that Ms. Akalaitis has retained such imaginative "Cymbeline" collaborators as the set designer George Tsypin, the lighting designer Jennifer Tipton and the composer Philip Glass, but has not invited back that show's largely amateurish cast.
As questions have grown about First Capital Life's finances, there has been an increase in the number of customers cashing in policies or taking out loans against them.
And in 1900-01, he painted a signature scene of his new life, with a woman searching through shelf upon shelf of very clean linen.
Sugar Ray Robinson's rock will become Abraham's.
Because of cuts like those, one center in Washington Heights called Action for the Retired Community will have to end some of its transportation services in January, choosing either to stop driving patients to medical clinics or ending meal deliveries to 25 homebound people.
Unsophisticated players a century ago seemed so often to fall into all sorts of situations they were not adapted to.
They had a good game plan, a credit to John MacLeod, but they just couldn't carry it out.
I went to kindergarten there back in 1960.
8.7 rebounds and 2.8 blocks a game heading into tonight's contest.
Its one business street, a half-mile section of Montauk Highway, looks like a set from a 1950's family television show with its park benches, red geraniums and Labrador retrievers sans leashes wandering among the shoppers.
But, "Hey, it's a great day to be an American."
But he hinted that he would veto it if he decided it would jeopardize property tax relief and educational quality, both of which were the primary objectives of the $2.8 billion increase last year.
The Secret Service, which guards Walker's Point when the Bushes are away, today barred reporters from going inside the compound to see what the storm had done.
It appears to the police that he had attempted to cross the street when he was struck.
I don't want blood on my hands."
"It's becoming clear that many different human genetic diseases have as their basis defects in the body's structural proteins," said Dr. Fuchs.
In Paris, President Francois Mitterrand told television journalists that an allied ground offensive "promises to take place in the coming days, a little more perhaps, in any case, sometime this month."
"The Rise of a Great Tradition," which has been jointly organized by the Japan Society and the Japanese Government, examines the course of ancient Japanese ceramics from 10,500 B.C.
Administration officials said they could not immediately calculate the cost of their effort in Bangladesh.
The tone conveys amused tolerance and ignores the long-term impacts of the phenomenon.
In America's relations not only with the Communist world but with the rest of the world as well, this is a new age of uncertainty.
Perhaps Mr. Degler is just playing safe with taboo topics as he gets closer to contemporary anxieties.
A result is that Ms. Tully, who recently set up and financed a feminist oral-history project at Radcliffe College, is "compulsively on time" and always carries with her stacks of small reading material: long letters, articles about friends, newsletters.
Menachem Porush, an Orthodox member of Parliament, said, "No doubt, thousands of Orthodox men will wish that the masks be given first to those who are sick and to children."
Licenses Are Now Assigned Free Now the Commerce Department is pressing the first serious effort to capture the multibillion-dollar value of newly assigned frequencies for the United States Treasury.
Ethan Randall Tony Boer .
A crack vial was found in Mr. Ray's cab, but transit police say such vials are common on the floors of trains and this one could have rolled or been kicked into the cab.
"But I did it for you," the archeologist says to his father's memory, articulating the argument that Israel's acts today are only to prevent another Holocaust. "
Mario M. Cuomo named Mr. Brown, a fellow Democrat, as an interim successor to Mr. Santucci, and last month Mr. Brown easily won election to a two-year term of his own.
D1 Salomon discloses big sale of stock by former trader D1 A Hawaii ban on write-in votes is being challenged by a case under appeal to the Supreme Court.
"She may disagree with him, but she tries to get through to him in different ways rather than frontally.
Senator George J. Mitchell of Maine, the majority leader, and supporters of his proposal for a waiting period are searching for the votes needed to retain the item as part of a crime law overhaul that would also ban the manufacture of certain semiautomatic weapons.
But the book has never been out of print, and the paperback edition from Vintage Books (like Knopf, a unit of Random House) has sold almost 210,000 copies since 1960, and plans to publish a new edition in September.
Channel 5 in New York will show a tape-delayed broadcast at 11:30 P.M.
At the end of each semester, participants also submit progress reports.
The first is a quite remarkable new Soviet film, Karen Chakhnazarov's "Assassin of the Czar," a meditation on regicide that might not have been possible to make even two years ago.
Another way taxpayers can save themselves money and aggravation, Mr. Nesi said, is in properly organizing all the receipts that pertain to deductions, particularly when they are business deductions like travel and entertainment expenses that are often examined because the I.R.S.
Since it only called for a report, the provision did not attract much attention.
"I think the confidence is down.
Prompt action by Assembly Democrats to pick a successor is the only responsible course.
A Possible Argument: Duty to Policyholders Like many large institutional investors, Equitable is involved in many separate partnerships, each incorporated separately and with its own distinct set of assets and liabilities.
Industry experts agree that Kevin Costner's name gives "Robin Hood" a better than average chance of doing well.
In 1978, the Denver Broncos hired him for a similar job.
The Reds sent 10 batters to the plate in the fourth as Glavine (1-1) and reliever Marvin Freeman issued four walks and hit two batters.
Suddenly the last boxcar becomes unhooked.
Because Murray's work is both abstract and representational, it appeals at once to people who love abstract painting in the name of modernism and people who hate it in the name of post-modernism.
It includes mild profanity and operating room scenes.
Lou Holtz, the Notre Dame coach, said earlier this week that both would play on Saturday against Indiana, although the two received an unspecified punishment for violating team rules.
Vacancies Aplenty Looking for a senior job in publishing on the editorial or marketing side?
It's an understatement to say that Argentina's military resists civilian control.
Added Scrutiny in Store For that reason, a nomination that just a few days ago seemed a foregone conclusion promises now, at the very least, to spur more rhetorical confrontation on the Senate floor and force more scrutiny by all senators.
The bronze, 18 by 13 inches, is estimated to bring $175,000 to $350,000.
As George Ginsberg of Springfield, N.J., noted in a letter with his check, the money for these services comes a dollar at a time.
People in the Five Towns think fondly of the days when airplanes had identifying numbers on their underbellies, so that those coming too close could be reported to the authorities.
"If we hadn't had the leaks, I think the mistake would have been corrected in the course of reviewing the draft."
The cable was cut at 9:35 A.M. A.T.&T was able to restore full service by 5 P.M., because the volume of calling dropped as businesses closed for the weekend and because A.T.&T.
Once Hueyin gives up hope of a broadcasting career in London and returns home for her sister's wedding, she is at loggerheads with her mother almost immediately -- over her hairdo for the wedding, which could become a bone of mother-daughter contention in any culture.
announced in March that its selection committee, after a long bidding process, had recommended awarding the contract to Cubic.
The 224-game regular season will begin Sept. 1, a week earlier than last year, and end Dec. 23.
THE JOURNALS OF JOHN CHEEVER By John Cheever.
Mr. Tabatneck said psychic fairs have fallen off a bit during the recession, and now Adcom has established a 900 number for readings by phone.
Neutralizing him is the single most important step toward stability.
Last year our reviewer, Jill Robinson, said Dominick Dunne "takes his speculations about the dynamics of power that mask most American tragedies and turns them into his best novel."
Offensively, they stood around and looked for Ewing.
Unfinished canvases, with yarn and instructions, are sent to the company's 20-year-old factory in Haiti, where a team of more than 15 workers matches colors and stitches.
And no insurance policies will actually be written until the agency has an agreement with the Soviet Union or the republics for either Moscow or the republic governments to take primary responsibility for any claims.
The states are also likely to come back to the trough.
" The director of programs for Phi Gamma Delta, Thomas DesJardin, said the move limited rights of association.
Zen Palate in New York expresses its owner's religious convictions.
Purchasers would pay the full price directly into a United Nations escrow account, with part of the proceeds being used under strict supervision to buy food, medicines and other essential civilian goods needed by Iraq.
Finding Floor Plans Question: I am on the board of directors of a co-op building completed in 1937.
"The holiday is over now," he said.
Such racial data is used in the redrawing of Congressional districts to prevent legislatures from diluting the impact of minority votes when creating districts.
Old Hungarian chronicles and documents mention it first in the year 1002 as Poson.
Emergency spending measuresmay be enacted if the deadline is missed; the state's current budget was adopted last May 19 after a record delay.
and has an M.B.A. from Harvard University.
Returns from local elections indicated early today that the opposition inflicted a heavy defeat on Prime Minister John Major's Conservative Party, virtually ending the prospect of an early general election this summer.
Also during the All-Star Game, Nike plans to show new spots with the tennis star Andre Agassi; David Robinson of the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association, and the film director Spike Lee as Mars Blackmon, the ultimate fan of Michael Jordan of the N.B.A.
He later became chairman of the New York Airport Security Council and helped develop screening profiles to identify potential hijackers.
In good times you call what it does patronage.
He believes K Mart and others were drawn to Long Island by the success of Caldor.
I don't want to work.
The bank, Saudi Arabia's second largest in terms of assets, said the new shares, priced at about $127 each, would be issued on Dec. 1.
Also, there are 13 full-scale casinos on Minnesota Indian reservations, where blackjack and other games bring in $450 million.
Division I-A passing leader from Fresno State, sat out this week and problably the rest of the season with a broken leg.
The pilot replied, "It's your tax dollars, so it's your carrier too."
A task force of New York City officials and business and labor leaders is trying to devise an insurance policy to guarantee that as the city cuts its budget it does not sacrifice expensive but necessary undertakings.
The Croatians who steadfastly rejected these points are now reversing themselves in the wake of Serbian military successes.
The bees and butterflies had a field day, and it was a bumper crop for some things like peaches, raspberries and beach plums.
In his final address after 20 years as president of Harvard University, Derek C. Bok delivered a pointed rebuke today to the country's leaders who "stand by idly" in the face of rising poverty, crime and homelessness.
Unlike some electronic turnstiles used in other cities, New York City's system will not write on the fare card the amount of money that the card is worth.
She creates two types of work.
Surprise of Night Pietrangelo's start was the surprise of the night as the Penguins had hidden a shoulder injury to Tom Barrasso, their goaltender in the first five games of the series.
SAN FRANCISCO LANDSCAPE GARDEN SHOW, April 17- 21.
A Washington Post reporter who wrote a widely quoted column criticizing the accusations of sexual harassment against Judge Clarence Thomas has been disciplined by the newspaper for his own conduct toward female colleagues and has apologized to the staff, The Post reported today.
The price includes round-trip air fare from New York, and in the case of an $861 Vienna-Salzburg package, air transportation between the two cities.
The entire process has been an object lesson in contradictions and questions.
The issue has taken on greater urgency after fatal airplane accidents this winter on runways in Detroit and Los Angeles.
"It's about -- " she paused for dramatic effect, "administration."
The latter cycle also features performances of Kurt Weill's theater songs by Angelina Reaux, jazz with the Marilyn Cispell Trio and instrumental gospel by the McCollough Sons of Thunder Brass Band (399-7944).
Results are in Canadian dollars.
Officials announced tonight that more than 94 percent of the voters supported independence in a referendum on Saturday, which is certain to be ratified by the Parliament on Monday.
"It's weird," said Ms. Butler.
"The irony is that the people with the plaques may have been too poor to fix up their houses."
"But I think we're going to enjoy proving people wrong."
Procter & Gamble made an embarrassing error in judgment when it had police trace hundreds of thousands of telephone calls in an effort to identify a reporter's sources, its chairman said.
And it is true that a dog with a high fever may have a dry, warm nose, he said.
"Everything after Jan. 3 is speculation," an official said.
He was a secretary to the novelist Thomas Mann in Princeton, N.J.. for several years before teaching at the College of Idaho and at Wilson College in Pennsylvani.
Ultimately, he said, Congress and the public will support space exploration as an investment that pays off in the future as well as today.
It is a splendidly ebullient display from the moment one enters the gallery in which the armada of more than 500 toy boats are deployed.
The real question is whether or not you're paying enormous amounts of money for people who are not Joe DiMaggio or Mickey Mantle or those types of players."
The film even reveals how Charlie Luciano came to be nicknamed Lucky.
At Monday's closing price of $27.375 a share, down 12.5 cents on the New York Stock Exchange, Countrywide stock is only a shade below its high of 28.125 on Friday and has more than doubled in value since the March sale.
By the time they get to the recycling detail, they are usually within a year of being released.
But the true appeal of Prodigy lies in its electronic bulletin boards, which offer wonderful opportunities for dedicated eavesdroppers.
Draws Attention of Courts The new ruling "might be important because it is going against other cases," said Paul C. Gianelli, a professor at Case Western Reserve Law School and an expert on scientific evidence.
In the hurricane now sweeping through the old Soviet economy, such measures can hardly take hold soon enough to prevent great hardship.
I want to do it right the first time.
Reebok, based in Stoughton, Mass., says it has sold four million pairs of "The Pump" since it was introduced in 1989, representing retail sales of about $500 million.
Japan's consumer electronics exports to America fell sharply in the last two years, but exports of microwaves, videocassette recorders and color televisions from Japanese companies in Thailand have soared.
Mrs. Thatcher is being honored for being a close ally of the United States during her 11 years as prime minister, as well as for her leadership in the Western alliance.
Ken Avery, now the athletic director for the three Taylor high schools, and Connie had four children: Ken, Mike, Steve and Jennifer.
"Dos harts lust nischt," Mr. Singer replied.
"Maybe they can make the house a national shrine," said Mario Terezza, a local barber.
"They thought she had died until they heard her moan."
The Buffalo campus receives $3.8 million anually from the Defense Department.
Mr. Dinkins listed capital gains of $40,974, all from a deferred payment his son made to complete the sale.
Part of it is luck, as Guangdong benefits from Hong Kong investment, as well as from easy access to Hong Kong television and radio programs, fashions and lifestyle.
Ms. Wilson knows her way around standards and song forms.
Frazier said his role would center primarily on expenditures, while Payne would be in charge of generating revenues.
"If you don't think the old Communists are still in control around here, just look at that hotel," said Mr. Wonneberger, the local representative in Parliament.
Saddam Hussein not only occupied Kuwait on Aug. 2, but in the days thereafter also annexed it to Iraq.
It seems to me that I regret that we are being led away from the most crucial problem of this moment.
Senator Bentsen concentrated on the domestic argument, saying, "Today we have an opportunity to help families pay their rent; to help them buy gas for the car so they can get out and look for a job; to help them keep food on the table and kids in school."
Plenty of Action Planned McVie plans to take full advantage of Richer's goal-scoring abilities by double-shifting the 25-year-old, who wasn't pleased with the amount of ice time he saw in Montreal.
Of another winding insert, he explained, "it opens, closes and opens up again, all in one seam."
The Linden Gardens project has an unusual history.
The cluster would make a neat little historic district, but don't say that too loudly in the neighborhood because residents still bristle about their 1975 brush with the Landmarks Preservation Commission, when they persuaded the old Board of Estimate to veto the Steinway Historic District.
Hong Kong residents may fear that the Chinese Government is asserting too much power, but they also have their doubts about Britain.
The survey by the Public Relations Journal shows the 1990 median salary, at $43,718, rose 1.2 percent from 1989.
Production by, say, Toyota or Siemens in plants in the United States is included in America's G.D.P., but I.B.M.
BJARNE F. ROSTAING New York, N.Y.
A lack of funds, materials and motivation through the years had conspired to turn the house into a dilapidated eyesore.
The Nets played without their starting center, Sam Bowie, who sat out with a bruised right leg.
(AP) -- Calbert Cheaney scored 30 points as fifth-ranked Indiana used a 23-6 first-half run to beat Illinois in the Big Ten opener for both teams.
As assistant commissioner for public transportation in New Jersey, Peter Eugene Stangl helped integrate the state's transportation system, which eventually became N.J.
We headed west on State Road 46 across the wide prairie formed by the meanders of the St. Johns.
I'd like to think that wasn't the turning point of the game, but maybe it was.
Tigers 6, Red Sox 1 BOSTON (AP) -- Cecil Fielder and Mickey Tettleton hit two-run shots as home-run happy Detroit socked Boston for its sixth victory in seven games.
Will he wither before us in a way to change our future behavior?
The restaurant offers more than 100 selections by the glass, giving patrons an opportunity to sample and compare their selections with what people at the same table are having.
Now Michael must quit on Stump.
In any event, the most compelling issue will probably be this: Is the program really too costly for the state to afford, or will the state instead decide that it cannot afford to let the land go?
A caller claimed responsibilty in the name of a far-left terrorist group.
The auction, to be conducted by JBS & Associates of Chicago, will include individual real estate loans with current principal balances of up to $250,000, up from the previous limit of $50,000.
Mr. Baum called the verdict unjust and said he would appeal it.
Still, the missile tore a hole in the ground 15 feet deep and heavily damaged a brand-new gymnasium built in a neighborhood where there is chronic unemployment.
An ordinary cotton-filled twin-size futon can be bought for less than $100; one stuffed with organic cotton can cost twice that, and a futon with organic wool stuffing is nearly double the cost of organic cotton.
They're current in their payments.
"You hear about these things happening at night," said Kathryn Pallakoff, a student at New York University.
Ms. Friedberg, in one of the film's many interesting digressions, also mentions an attempted collaboration between Freud and Samuel Goldwyn that would surely have been bizarre had it come to pass.
Students Were Awed Mr. Robinson said that when he taught in the Paterson schools his charges at first were somewhat awed to find him at the front of the class.
SCHOMBURG CENTER FOR RESEARCH IN BLACK CULTURE, 515 Malcolm X Boulevard, New York, N.Y. 10037-1801.
As well as Bette Midler, who spoke passionately about the devastation caused by AIDS, and sang the finale, "Friends," with the entire cast.
However much the Legislature and the Governor might seek to blame each other for the budget delays, both seemed to recognize that their entreaties would not mean much outside Albany, where many citizens say they are disgusted by a stalemate that has dragged on for three months after the budget was supposed to be settled.
All of these wise men, Mr. Lasch argues, speak to the distinctive concerns of the lower middle class.
The small size and simple structure of molecular recognition units also mean that they can be produced using cheaper and simpler chemical synthesis techniques than the cell fusion used to create most monoclonal antibodies or the yeast fermentation technology used to create genetically engineered proteins.
(Garafolo did not respond to calls for comment.)
By this past Saturday, Dr. O'Neil said, "We knew Gaspra was in the central frame" of a nine-picture cluster.
Time Warner Inc. said yesterday that by the end of the year, 10,000 of its cable television subscribers in Queens would be able to receive 150 channels and communicate through their television sets to obtain services like electronic banking.
When Mr. McKinney tours the park in his green van, New Yorkers out walking their dogs sometimes stop the red-bearded administrator, demanding to know why the plantings have not been weeded this year (none of the usual 20 seasonal workers were hired in March).
Inside the Neues Palais, there are rococo interiors of varying quality: Frederick's own rooms, the Upper Music room especially, are worthy of Sans Souci in their lush, graceful and inventive adornments, while the state rooms and the apartments of the royal relatives are marred by the kind of perfunctory and heavy-handed look not infrequently encountered in Central Europe.
In addition, he said, Legal Aid is "overloading the system" by packing too many lawyers in the offices and is "exaggerating the situation" in the building.
Alec Baldwin Lew Horner .
"Money fund yields clearly will continue to decline," Mr. Frank said.
Home-style dishes include moros (black beans mixed in rice), tostones (green plantains deep-fried twice), platanos maduros (sweet ripe plantains sauteed), sopa de platanos (a hearty soup, dense with beans, chunks of plantain and pieces of pork and sausage) and ropa vieja (literally "old clothes," a shredded beef hash with plenty of red and green sweet peppers).
Mr. Goldberg said he had combined his own and his brother's character traits in the two boys in the series.
The result is an enlarged portrait of a people who have lived in Italy at least since the time of Caesar, sometimes in bondage, sometimes in freedom.
Mr. Kiepper said disclosure of the memo was not timed to influence union negotiations.
There's support for him, but after "The Godfather II" he said that he had left Michael Corleone for dead.
Others have edged closer and closer to demanding the return of the troops.
But the inside is abuzz with work on films to appear around Christmas.
Martin (R) N Y N A 27.
They have the opportunity now.
Despite his own esthetic shortcomings (he describes himself as resembling "a dead ringer for Kermit the Frog"), few women meet Mr. Jacobs's standards.
With four young men in the gulf, the Stephens family was even more relieved than most when President Bush proclaimed victory and announced a cease-fire the night of Feb. 27.
A new one, involving the voices of this latest generation of children of older parents, is yet to be told.
Sunday dinner is served from 5:30 P.M. to 11:30 P.M. (Review Jan. 11, 1991) Pamir 1437 Second Avenue (between 74th and 75th Streets) (212) 734-3791 -- The menu here does not say family style, but portions are enormous, suitable for passing around the table.
At 1:30 A.M. today, more police officers, dressed in riot gear, arrived aboard buses and took up positions near the Coliseum and 2 Columbus Circle.
"We're not willing to give up on this market."
An epidemiologist at the Federal Centers for Disease Control, Dr. Nathan Shaffer, said: "The number of cases of HIV infection among teen-agers 13 to 19 look real small, and this group looks like they are not to be reckoned with.
Bill Clinton, Governor of Arkansas, followed with 12 percent, and Senator Bob Kerrey of Nebraska was third with 10 percent.
The Nikkei index of 225 issues dropped 291.35 points, or 1.1 percent, to close at 26,038.86, just off its low for the day.
The DC-9, USAir Flight 1467, was flying south-southeast at 33,000 feet from Pittsburgh to Myrtle Beach, S.C.
Mr. Ruland and Mr. Bradbury, whatever else they may be about, make you long all the more for the beast.
Today, a fishing trawler rented by CARE capsized on its way to Hatiya Island, and a CARE representative was reported missing.
"I really believe there could be a way to figure out a deal if we just got into it.
But he added that his party would not permit officials of the major securities houses to provide formal testimony.
Keep this letter with you.
Established in the Bronx more than 40 years ago with an investment of $50,000, the company now has operations throughout the country and builds a variety of electronic systems used to detect radar signals, enemy aircraft and incoming missiles.
But other lawmakers and their aides voiced a cautionary note that Congress would not be able to muster the will or the energy to tackle such drastic reductions this year.
There is a place for small music at Carnegie as well as big.
In the hope of rescuing the talks, the ministers are seeking to put the clashes about the farm aid behind them, but they still acknowledge that it will be difficult to reach an overall agreement.
The local ordinance says so, and the non-mobile merchants -- who complain, variously, that the carts are competition or eyesores -- started insisting this year that the law is the law.
"I tell people to eat before they go to parties, so they can concentrate on working the crowd," she said.
A Disaster's Legacy Drawing on NavLab, a Pentagon-backed mobile laboratory for terrestrial navigation research that receives position signals from a navigation satellite, Caterpillar has developed a functioning robot driver that can navigate over a four-mile stretch of road with an accuracy of several feet.
The task of building the abbey was imposed as penance for crimes he had committed, which included assassination, torture, the sack of several monasteries and violation of the sacrosanct shrine of St. Martin at Tours -- on horseback.