Syria is one of the few Arab states that that does not enshrine Islam as the state religion in its Constitution, and Christians say they live peacefully without discrimination, though their numbers keep shrinking through emigration.
With zone defenses legal, making it harder to score in the halfcourt, the Knicks, who do not have a bona fide low-post scorer, will have to run effectively and often to have a chance to win consistently.
''Last year we did not just have poor snowfall.
But John C. Hartz would not throw them away unopened.
to restore its image after the excesses of J. Edgar Hoover.
Because of that need the quilt kept growing.
The Senate is trying to finish its spending plan for the next fiscal year before adjourning today for a recess, so there is not much time for Mr. Bush to decide what kind of president he is going to be.
Because someone in the White House is aware of the truth, which is that there isn't plenty of money after all.
So the chronic callers, the typical depressions, are less isolated, and they're not calling.
Cherished partner of 16 years to Kevin Lonergan.
''The vocation of marriage and its original, holy purpose has been resurrected.''
Kasparov was inspired to turn his excellent defense into an onslaught of his own; 23 .
By the second week we calmed down and found more quiet time for just hanging out, walking on the beach to look for shells, reading and doing arts and crafts activities at home.''
* BOBBY SHORT, Cafe Carlyle at the Carlyle Hotel, 35 East 76th Street, (212) 744-1600.
Beloved husband, father and grandfather passed on October 28, 2001.
There was a colony of bugs on the floor.''
With the cease-fire hanging more tenuously every day, administration officials said they were afraid that one more terrorist incident by the Palestinians would lead to heavy Israeli military retaliation and a situation that would be incredibly difficult to bring back under control.
He lost a controversial decision to Andreas Otto of Germany, the second-ranked fighter in the competition.
Martínez is the wildest of wild cards in this pennant race because he will be a significant factor if he is himself when he returns.
St. Christopher's is financed by individuals, corporations, grants and government agencies.
''But I do not really expect to ameliorate anybody's pain.
Now, spas come in all shapes and sizes.
Cook grabbed it and ran out the clock.
''Mainly, though, the filmmakers settle for warmed-over and badly executed gags'' (Scott).
I agree that any market that can't support a competitive major league baseball team doesn't deserve it.
But it's untrue to call Mr. Menotti a composer who has never looked around.
THE CORNERSTONE Cheryl Parker Trio.
Siemens won contracts from the China Mobile Communications Corporation and the China United Telecommunications Corporation to expand their mobile phone networks in Anhui province and in the Shanghai region, the German company said in a faxed statement.
On Sept. 19, the prime minister announced a seven-point plan to dispatch Japanese warships to provide rear-area support for the United States Navy.
But there is a difference between persistence and productivity.
The Yankees did not get a hit until the sixth inning, when Shane Spencer pulled a clean single to left, and they would get only four off Appier in eight innings.
Van Pelt, who completed just two of seven passes, then hit Eric Moulds for a 2-point conversion, making the score 14-11.
''How do you quantify it?
BUT if job growth and welfare reform have slashed public assistance caseloads, they have not relieved child poverty to the same degree.
''The government of Botswana has been seen as being more liberal than other countries, more tolerant than others in the region,'' Mr. Mothibi said from Botswana's capital, Gaborone.
''Graydon is playing a game that he is too old to win,'' Mr. Kinsley said, ''He thinks now is the time to reject irony, and Jedediah, this young guy who made his name denouncing irony, he wins by saying now is the time for irony.''
He and his ponderously furnished office were barely visible: lighted by a single 50-watt bulb.
The government said it had released seven political prisoners, including the last three of the 203 elected representatives of the opposition National League for Democracy who had been detained three years ago.
''We have a whole industry in Washington devoted to figuring out how to divert the money: the campaign finance lawyers, the campaign finance accountants, as well as the party people,'' he said, So Mr. McCain, the Arizona Republican who talks as if he were the spiritual heir of Theodore Roosevelt, charges on in his crusade to stop the national political parties from taking the large unregulated contributions known as ''soft money.''
He scored two goals on penalty kicks, the Argentine team won 6-3, and the crowd went wild.
He played in 19 games over the past two years and had 54 carries for 269 yards and 2 touchdowns, along with 13 catches for 65 yards.
The woman, Beth Loschin, 46, of Farmingdale, also agreed to surrender next week to serve four years in prison, according to a Nassau County assistant district attorney, Gregg R. Turkin.
The area was instead once canopied by hemlocks, oaks and chestnuts.
HANGDOGS, Rodeo Bar, 375 Third Avenue, at 27th Street, Manhattan, (212) 683-6500.
Vivendi's shares now seem to be slowly recovering, closing last Friday at $72.94.
We've rejected the modern tradition of self-examination that holds Western societies together.
Cyndi Stivers, the editor in chief of Time Out New York, was elected president of the society.
Since George W. Bush's election victory, Mr. Rowland has been drafting a list of candidates to replace Mr. Robinson, a Democrat, with a Republican.
He could send us to jail.
The American goalkeepers available for Sunday's game are Zach Thornton of the Chicago Fire, who has six international appearances, and Nick Rimando of the Miami Fusion, who has none.
Hadn't the Yankees and especially Bernie Williams come right back yesterday, taken the two gift runs and seized the moment, delivering the big hits that had eluded them all series?
The Army is working with the drug industry to develop a new vaccine, but still has years of work ahead, a person involved in the work said.
We should be realistic and keep encouraging them to move in the direction of solid democracy.''
In 1994, Oregonians passionately debated and narrowly approved a measure making theirs the first state to legalize physician-assisted suicide.
''Drama is conflict and psychoanalysis is conflict.''
The Catholic system is closer to what the public system once was and could have become.
Its authenticity derives not only from the streets on which it was filmed but also from its able Colombian cast led by Mr. Jaramillo, an actor and producer who founded the Free Theater in Bogotá.
The pharmaceutical companies -- often backed by Western governments -- have long defended the patent system as the only one that allows them to protect their products and recover the high costs of developing drugs.
Doug Tewell, the event's defending champion, discovered that today when he played the par-4, 460-yard ninth hole, and could not reach the green in two shots.
He sees Mr. Siegel's arguments as similar to ones that have always been offered during speculative bubbles, like those in the 1920's and the 1960's.
And most of the book is in verse.
''The atmosphere was tainted,'' Mr. Boyle said.
But recently, sitting in the airy I. M. Pei-designed Terminal 6, where JetBlue is now based, he explained that the airline had thrived so far only on those passengers it knew were partial to Kennedy in the first place, because they were coming from nearby.
A century later, the Rockaways' heyday is long gone and most of the bungalows have been torn down.
The calls did not exactly generate sweat on the brows of John Moore or Tom Woods, the duty officers at the time who were managing the flow of electricity across the region they serve, which includes parts of Colorado, Wyoming, Utah, Montana, Nebraska and Kansas.
''There are still guys who are willing to pay -- at least on the first few dates.
Yes, the Jets do have a habit of coming back late in games, and yes, the Rams go only one way, all out, full speed.
They had the power to kill you and not to inform anyone.
THE same going the other way: Hugo L. Black, appointed to the high court by Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1937, joined the Ku Klux Klan in 1923 to secure his nomination to the Senate, then went on to write or join in a host of landmark Supreme Court rulings on civil rights.
Roll not your eyes in disgust and cast not a menacing glare at your potential seatmate.
Libbey, North America's largest glassware maker, agreed yesterday to buy the Anchor Hocking glassware business from Newell Rubbermaid for $332 million.
Mr. Ashley, who grew up in Jamaica and later in Brooklyn, is ranked among the top 20 chess players in the country, and is the first African-American to reach the rank of grandmaster.
He works regularly, but supplements his earnings by doing commercials and, when necessary, hiring himself out to conventions impersonating Barney Fife, the comic deputy sheriff on ''The Andy Griffith Show.''
Ms. Weinstein will always be loved and missed by her brother Walter Freed, grandchildren Wendy and Geoffrey Alexander, great-granddaughter Morgan Alexander, and her devoted friend Beverly Malcolm.
They represent exporters, wholesalers, markets, restaurants, itinerant vendors, mom-and-pop fish shops.
''I lost a lot when all that happened.
We check up on it during the day, much the way people steal a peek at afternoon baseball games.
Even so, the Devils could still celebrate in Bob Corkum's hotel room.
Over all, the Rangers outshot the Panthers, 38-16.
Two writers who once had a passionate affair meet years later at a literary festival.
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt urged President Bush today to increase the United States' involvement in the Middle East, but Mr. Bush used their White House meeting to defend his policy of allowing the Israelis and Palestinians to take the lead in seeking peace.
At 6 p.m. Friday, the work stops: two uniformed bodies are found in a stairwell near the elevator shaft, their faces still discernible.
But Robert Swales, who directs Newark's emergency services, said that the biggest effect on residents was the trauma of the event itself.
A cousin who worked at the trade center also died.
But it continued to raise the same objections that it has offered in earlier discussions of the plan, leaving some questions about the proposal.
After reviewing the disarmament plan, John de Chastelain, a retired Canadian general overseeing the disarmament commission of Northern Ireland's peace process, said it would put the I.R.A.
The virus is passed through contact with bodily fluids, like mucus, saliva and blood, but it is not airborne.
Once your ears adjust to the soft volume, familiar preludes and fugues seem more eventful than usual.
''When you stand out, and anytime you're pure, I think that's beauty.
Then there is a nine-bedroom former rectory, complete with a tunnel from the living room to an indoor swimming pool, in Stevenage, the constituency north of London that Barbara Follett represents.
HAVING watched umpires shrink its strike zone to smaller than a bread box, Major League Baseball this month sent a pointed e-mail message urging some umps to call more strikes, leaving the men in blue turning red.
Alan Greenspan, the Fed chairman, will provide Congress with his twice-a-year report on the economy on Wednesday.
But not a movie star.
But one person's sound is another person's noise.
Murals, she said, expand the sense of space by creating mystery, and until recently they were the norm.
''How is it that after working full time most of my adult life, here I am not able to pay my bills?''
Two cherry trees are bursting with pale pink blossoms.
At the dirt airstrip, they discovered I wasn't an Afghan.
It is a picaresque, psychedelic romp through the ''velvet hangover'' of the post-1989 Czech Republic.
From June to mid-August, boats travel three times a week; in spring and fall, twice weekly and in winter once.
''We need to be careful not to let our good intentions get in the way of common sense.''
At the same time, Ms. Watts points out, racist caricature appeared in her acts along with attempts to emphasize her ''whiteness.''
The Hartsdale train station posed a particular challenge for Ms. Drobbin and Mr. Moroz.
Rather than wringing its hands over the return of Mr. Garcia, the international community should support this effort.
National Football League referees have become so frustrated by what they feel is the league's arrogant stance during negotiations for a new collective bargaining agreement that a small group of them has discussed staging some form of protest at this week's preseason games.
That bodes well for the RSX's future resale value.
Now they are changing their tune, trying to repeal the strict disclosure rules they imposed just last year.
Steel manufacturing, which depends on high-grade coal, dried up.
''If the smell comes in from Baltimore, why would the first call be coming from the Jersey Shore?''
An unlikely quartet of accused are lined up in the dock.
He knew all the colleges and all the players.
Lately, executives have asked that the location of the main office not be precisely described.
Rather than paying the tax to the state, the zone applies it to local improvements.
The sales representatives, in turn, tantalized booksellers with the Holocaust tease, and several weeks ago book reviewers were sent notices that an embargoed book about the Holocaust was on the way.
But researchers who suspend clinical trials need not relinquish the dream of curing patients.
To the lover of the outdoors -- which usually means birds and trees -- highways may sometimes seem to be simply giant scars, opportunities for traffic jams and familial tension.
On Monday, he praised the president and American negotiators for steering clear.
It takes you that long, to get to the point of even dealing with public as an idea or civic as an idea.
His escorts succeed in diverting him to the long-awaited interview with Taylor.
Four years after that team self-imploded, the one that is suddenly threatening to end the Atlanta Braves' division domination has players named Cliff Floyd, Mike Lowell, Preston Wilson, Kevin Millar, Luis Castillo, Charles Johnson, Brad Penny, A. J. Burnett and Antonio Alfonseca.
Can spores be carried on the surface of a box or envelope?
Mr. Kerik said he brought Inspector McCabe to his office to oversee the new plan because as precinct commander, he had developed strong community ties.
He says he fears that federal authorities intend to make the state the de facto permanent storage site.
When he asked about coming in as a wild card, I didn't hesitate.''
Kosovo is far from a working society, he said, though reporters who flew in on Army helicopters in which soldiers were still armed with machine guns were struck by the number of burned-out villages that had been rebuilt since Mr. Clinton's visit.
Ms. Thomas looked at the trees approvingly, but she was not completely satisfied.
Out in the field, AskMe's salespeople, like salespeople everywhere, found themselves running into the same five or six objections from potential buyers -- even when the buyers were pancake-shaped.
She attended Wellesley College where she was Phi Beta Kappa her junior year; and Columbia University Law School, where she was Harlan Fisk Stone Scholar and on the Law Review.
But Mr. McCain dropped the issue quietly one day, without any public explanation.
Dr. Thomson described it as a brave move.
They scored on a 1-yard play-action pass to James Dearth.
On the last day of shooting, Oct. 16, one of the people Mr. McNally photographed was Lisa Beamer, whose husband, Todd, made a call from United Flight 93 shortly before it crashed in western Pennsylvania to say he and other passengers were going to rush the hijackers.
In July and August, Ms. Pearson said, rental prices were still climbing 15 to 17 percent over the previous year's figures through most of Manhattan -- with gains of 20 to 22 percent in buildings downtown.
The question is whether his approach has accelerated the reductions.
He talks about his officers like a military dad who uses tough love to keep from spoiling his kids.
He has said that Roe v. Wade, the Supreme Court's 1973 decision establishing a woman's right to an abortion, was wrongly decided and in law school classes he has used Life magazine photographs of fetuses to set off student discussions of whether abortion constitutes the taking of human life.
One waitress wears a flashing red taillight right where you'd expect a taillight to be, and the shiny plastic disc bobs in and out behind the seven men onstage like an angry firefly.
In conversations with parents, their pride in their offsprings' independence -- evidenced by the students' confident selection of merchandise for the rapidly filling shopping carts -- mingled with a reluctant awareness that the stuff destined for dorm rooms was tangible evidence of the family's emptying suburban nest.
We'll call her when we get down.''
KeySpan Energy, which operates the station, will build the 250-megawatt plant.
Such marketplaces, Mr. Smith said, have the potential to expand the scope of online barter.
It is not known how much medicine he had with him when he was abducted, Ms. Tanguy said.
The star of the sweets was an acceptable warm chocolate torte.
Or, ''I trust I make myself obscure,'' just moments before More uses the line to explain his strategy to Norfolk.
''Did anyone see Julia Cuddihy quoted all over a recent Vanity Fair article?
The students admitted that all is not always good in their Hoover High family, and evidence of that came one day at lunch when a fight broke out between two girls in the courtyard.
The merger was announced the next day.
That way, the company was able to capitalize on the enormous natural competitive advantage that Brazil enjoys in steel production.
Mr. Harrington represents clients like General Electric and New York Presbyterian Hospital.
That two such nimble and serious legal thinkers as Dershowitz and Posner can arrive at such opposing conclusions speaks to the distressingly subjective nature of the law.
While new monuments like the National Gallery's East Building and the Vietnam Memorial drew record crowds, the nation's living museum of plants sat forgotten and neglected.
87 is lined up,'' Edwards said.
And he was not going to do that at all.''
I would, too, if I were that thin.
''He really showed a lack of respect for us.''
Town lawyers said their zoning laws do not violate the constitution and even if the court determined that they did, modifications to the laws would still allow denial of Granite State's applications because grand fathering would not apply in this situation.
Adored uncle of Donald and Marcia Goodfriend, Lois and Gary Meyer.
He was a Peter J. O'Neill Jr. -- case closed -- his mother, Jeanne, decided when she caught her first glimpse.
''I changed my mind,'' said Taha Jabir Alalwani, president of the Graduate School of Islamic and Social Sciences in Leesburg, Va., and chairman of the Fiqh Council of North America, a group of Muslim scholars.
ON the winding roads of Arizona, near places like Kingman, the birthplace of the cowboy comic Andy Devine, there are signs everywhere for ''Indian jewelry.''
Tickets are also on sale at most AsiaBook stores, including the ones on Sukhumvit Road and at the Landmark Hotel, Peninsula Plaza, and Central Department Store.
It's vintage Eric Ambler, the stuff of 30's espionage literature.
Sponsored by Street Smarts New York.
Who would have suffered if China had been turned down as a rogue state unfit to hold the Games?
''It's the old adage the defendants may have gotten what they wish, and it may be to their detriment,'' he said.
In addition to his son Aaron, who lives in Bellmore, N.Y., Mr. Aronoff is survived by two other sons, Keith, of Boca Raton, Fla.; and Craig, of Merrick, N.Y.; two daughters, Faith Aronoff of Manhattan and Andrea Aronoff of Bayside, Queens; and nine grandchildren.
I asked him where he lived.
Perhaps in his heart he was most comfortable in earlier eras.
Morgan Stanley and Salomon Smith Barney are managing the deal.
Is that what you mean?
MONTREAL EXPOS--Placed OF Terry Jones on the 15-day disabled list.
For instance, the depth of the crinkles in American curly parsley is a dead giveaway to distinguish it from its flat-leaf Italian counterpart.
* denotes a highly recommended show.
Brown uses Forte's arrogance, gambling habit, directing style, college basketball career, details of his downfall -- even his initials -- to create Caesar.
In the workaday world of the harbor tugboat crews who over the decades hauled an estimated 400,000 garbage barges through the currents and high-volume traffic of the waterfront, the final ride of D.S.
Microsoft may run a server but we don't own the data.''
Four men with ties to Mr. bin Laden were convicted in New York this year of various roles in the embassy bombings.
They were scared of her.'')
Derek Fisher received the pass at the top of the key and focused on the rim.
Mr. Bush may also try to enlist China's help in persuading Indonesia and Malaysia, both predominantly Muslim nations, to support American military actions in Afghanistan.
''Our factory workers are standing ready to work extra hours, and we have asked for the help of a bigger company so we can finish them all without delay,'' said Makiko Matsuda, who was running the shop.
''Rather we are trying to figure out how to live to fight another day.''
Unlike Hubble and his contemporaries, astronomers no longer sit on a wooden platform that is hoisted to the telescope focus near the top of the dome.
I never was cool and never will be.
The United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit will schedule a hearing, perhaps this week.
's successor agency, the Federal Security Service.
''But it is a political case.''
When Ms. Smith and Ms. Conley were setting up shop, Mrs. Straus said to them, ''Remember, girls, this is the Wild West.''
When a grandfather heard the news by telegraph, he wired back, ''For Pete's sake, the name's too long.''
I have not complained all season about the way I'm playing and the adjustments I have to make.''
Following Dukes's death, his former college teammate Richie Regan, a star guard and later the athletic director at Seton Hall, recalled Dukes's glory years.
And one of the nicest touches came by accident: it wasn't until after Ms. Cannie was cast as the Wicked Witch that Mr. Kroeger learned of her proficiency as a skater.
Yet they are also an intensely musical people who, for the same compelling historical reasons, have rejected much of their own traditional folk and popular music.
Everywhere in America, citizens have come together to pray, to give blood, to fly our country's flag.
But it is not simply a matter of erasing mistakes and making corrections.
Once on the bridge, it took half an hour to cross the span, as cars visible on the Throgs Neck moved at twice the speed.
There are 25 anger management classes here each week for people referred by the courts.
The latest entry into this dead-horse category is Jaegar.
Chuck Knoblauch nursed a strain in his rib cage.
Dr. Jane Goldberg, 55, a psychoanalyst who specializes in working with cancer patients, is the director of Insparations.
A Philadelphia lawyer finds herself defending Anthony (Pigeon Tony) Lucia, an old man accused of murdering his lifelong enemy.
That's the way it goes with baseball.
Arresting, too, are the works that might be called outdoor still lifes, like ''Sea Palms'' (1968), a study of mist-shrouded rocks and trees that has the quality of a Japanese painting.
Everyone has a past that he doesn't want to own up to, and photographs can be evidence.
The disappearance of the drives raised fresh concerns about the country's ability to safeguard its nuclear secrets after the arrest of Wen Ho Lee, a former Los Alamos scientist, on 59 counts of mishandling classified nuclear data.
Today, all three said they were disappointed with the decision and thought that at the very least it was premature.
Most of the paintings were inspired by movies, news reports or sports seen on television.
Mr. Rutherford said black leaders could no longer ignore a growing list of shootings of civilians by police officers.
''We didn't wait for the disaster to happen,'' she said.
South is sure to lose a spade, a heart and a club.
She wore a new pair of glasses, which had been prescribed while she was in foster care.
Jagr, who won the Art Ross Trophy for the fourth straight year -- and his fifth over all -- by leading the National Hockey League with 121 points in the regular season, has only 2 goals and 12 points in 15 playoffs games and has not scored so far in the series against the Devils.
With names like Marlin and Osprey, the partnerships have at least $3.3 billion in bonds outstanding, backed by assets like a stake in Azurix, Enron's water company subsidiary.
Naturally Joan has a crew of female friends with whom she can endlessly debate the pros and cons of marrying a man whose only fault, she says, is that he's ''too good looking.''
We go to a lot of fabulous parties and we throw a lot of fabulous parties.
Scraps of fabric and gift wrapping pour from plastic trash bags, mixed in among crushed paper Pepsi cups and cracker boxes.
The police were also investigating the discovery of the body of another man found floating in the Hudson yesterday morning near Dyckman Street.
One of them, he said, was how quasars began blazing into life as the dark ages waned.
A new release of his first opera, ''Sarka,'' which began life around 1887 but was not performed until 1925, affords a fascinating glimpse of a budding master dramatist, hinting at the works to come and yielding suggestions of those that might have been.
It would be the smallest percentage gain for global ad spending since a 2.6 percent increase in 1998.
''I started to understand what President Bush had been saying about this country's resolve.''
But Arnold C. Franco, who wrote a book about the unit, ''Code to Victory'' (Sunflower University Press, 1998), said the wounded officer, Harry Turkel, nonetheless later called him ''the finest intelligence officer in the Western Theater.''
''Not a shred of the statistical evidence amounts to convincing proof that African-Americans were discriminated against in the voting process,'' they said in a statement.
Woods causes tickets sales to accelerate, ratings to soar and hearts to leap -- all that would seem to matter to tournament economics.
Later, editors praised Mr. Harris for his stand but said they were unsure about its impact.
Pat Meyer, 38, a member of the Christian Motorcyclists Association, rode 15 hours from Superior, Wis.
Whether they go into Kabul or not, or whether that's the best thing to do or not, remains to be seen.''
''What I miss is having that hub office,'' said Raymond Tellalian, the Sun vice president for financial services who headed the World Trade Center office.
In 1987, when Thandi started working as a prostitute -- she was unemployed and the mother of twins -- the term ''AIDS'' was practically unknown in South Africa, but she still feared syphilis and gonorrhea.
It wears you down and you need some success.''
The Commodities Futures Trading Commission has fined two separate Russian and Chinese companies in New York that it says defrauded immigrants from the same ethnic backgrounds.
The Nasdaq composite finished at 1,890.91, down 161.87 points or 7.9 percent.
Thousands of trucks made a wide detour through the San Bernhard Tunnel, east of here on the Switzerland-Italy border.
Carlesimo to be its No.
''We planned a rally on Monday for our fans and a business luncheon for business and political leaders of our state.
In recent years, he was the executive director of the Maine Medical Association.
The market also became a hub for people bringing goods in from the east.
Paul Moore of New York City and Stonington, CT. Also survived by seven grandchildren and two great-grandchildren.
The robber tied them up, took the money and ran out a side door, investigators said.
No, they're not New Yorkers.
If the deal ultimately fails, it would probably bring the downfall of a young charismatic executive who was given perhaps the most challenging job in corporate America since Louis V. Gerstner Jr. was asked to turn around another technology standard-bearer, I.B.M.
The researchers said that their study did not prove that the growing amount of advertising by pharmaceutical companies was directly causing spending on drugs to rise.
Mr. Donnellan, who with his longtime partner, Nick Ormerod, ran Cheek by Jowl, the London troupe known for its inventive classics, jokes that Mr. Kushner is the only living playwright he has ever worked with.
The most likely brand is Hampton Inn, another Hilton Hotels Corporation property.
Amadou Diallo's mother lashed out at the Police Department yesterday for not disciplining the four officers who shot her unarmed son to death two years ago, and civil liberties and community groups said that the police had squandered an opportunity to reach out to alienated minorities in the racially divisive case.
I was chasing down taxis in dangerous heels without flinching.
He hoped that a return to his former Olympic glory might somehow reunite his family.
''If we win, so many things would have to happen for us to get to the Rose Bowl,'' said Gary Barnett, the coach of Colorado.
Eventually Michel can't even glance at an eggshell without feeling a twinge of emasculation.
Growing up with 10 brothers and sisters in Argentina, Jose Coceres worried more about making money than making putts.
He is so good at them -- and enjoys them so much -- that he tours in a special production of ''Hamlet,'' in which he plays all the parts.
Allan Houston and Latrell Sprewell have been in losing situations before.
In 1996 he initiated and underwrote a professional study New Hartford Center: A Vision Plan for the 21st Century, subsequently adopted by the town.
He will miss most, if not all, of Orlando's six-game road trip to the West.
Soe Sanda wore a green coat and bright red lipstick; Pyi Son had a new red baseball cap, worn backward.
Feb. 3: Begging that the press respect their daughters' ''zone of privacy,'' the president and first lady refuse to comment on reports that one of the Bush girls is dating Senator Robert Torricelli.
When they reached a big vein, they had to decide where precisely along its length to cut it.
''What we felt from a Bush administration was that at least we'd get a fair hearing,'' Mr. Klein said.
It is known that Mr. Atta visited the country twice, his second trip last July.
And Romanians get quite snide when I compare their problems with Zimbabwe's, even though the parallels go deeper than the friendship that existed between Zimbabwe's President, Robert Mugabe, and the late Romanian Communist dictator Nicolae Ceausescu.
Ayana Walker, who leads the Lady Techsters in scoring by averaging 17 points, had 6 in only 12 minutes as the hosts' starters got plenty of rest.
VIA Wireless shareholders will own 19.5 percent of the company, UbiquiTel said.
But just before leaving office in January, President Clinton rendered that moot with a pardon.
He warned that the territory could be further buffeted by the falling Japanese yen and other Asian currencies.
''On the one hand, a supervisor exhibited racist behavior.
Some Hispanics bristle at the reduction of their identity to a handful of styling cues, which might then be peddled as Latin chic.
In fact, you can hardly go into a restaurant today without seeing a parade of them go by.
If we can start doing that, we'll build our self-esteem in ways that will really be good for America.''
I wasn't pressed today to do that.
I kept calling my parents and they kept calling lawyers who said, 'Oh, well, all you need to do is submit another form, and another form.'
Asked about it, one worker simply smiled and shrugged.
He allowed three runs and five hits in six innings.
It's suggestive, too, that ''American Beauty'' remains tied to the consciousness of Lester: he is its central character and narrator, and most everything in the film is seen from his point of view.
The company was expected to price its stock today at slightly less than $16.60 an American depository share, putting it on track to raise about $1.3 billion.
Mr. Aronow was considered a fair adversary; about 20 lawyers who had been on the opposing side of his deals attended his memorial service last month, his wife said.
He is free to learn the creative end, writing and producing radio spots in the company's marketing department.
Following his credo, he made the world a better place for all.
She wrote the book in less than a year, an intense period that sometimes took its toll.
HUD officials say they have no control over the properties because they do not yet own them.
But this camera also offers a few unique features of its own.
The next step is to cart away the contaminated soil and install a system to catch and clean the ground water.
We also returned east with the memory of an astonishing aurora borealis display that took place on our penultimate evening at camp.
''I don't think the call for help was to have people come into these schools and say, 'Open your book to page blah-dee-blah.'''
The European ''mad cow'' crisis has led the smart money to quietly fill freezers with native Chianina beef, even though only a handful of cases of infection in Italian-bred cows, none anywhere near Florence, have been identified.
Moreover, as deregulation loomed, industry executives saw no choice but to make new investments.
''We've been able to absorb the high energy costs, but I don't know if we cannot lay off people if they strike,'' said Patricia Casado, the restaurant's owner.
But, naturally, since children want to be just like the grown-ups, there is also an up-and-down channel button so they can do some limited surfing.
Kudos to Krugman for an insightful, if frightening, analysis of the parallels between our economy and Japan's.
Analysts said that in today's move, the bank sought to avoid the loss of face that would come with being seen to give in to the demands, while still acting to give market liquidity a lift.
Mr. Simpson said he did not remember touching Mr. Pattinson's glasses.
Just as Fisher was downing her oyster, the senior-class president asked her to dance (an event made no less exciting by the fact that the president was also a girl).
That plan, announced last July, was met with skepticism by smaller brokers.
Some are even serial impostors, switching fake careers every few years.
The unions spearhead opposition to the 1994 peace treaty with Israel, and in January their Antinormalization Committee published a list of individuals and businesses it said should be boycotted for dealing with the enemy.
Some opponents of the attorney general invoke states' rights, arguing that federal agencies should not meddle with Oregon's law.
The catalog says that participants should be in good condition and prepared ''to enjoy considerable walking, often over uneven cobblestones.''
He loved to give people presents, like venison steaks from the deer he shot and souvenirs from his travels abroad.
In Boito's libretto for Verdi's opera ''Otello,'' Iago says: ''I believe in a cruel God, who has created me/ In his image and whom, in hate, I name./ From some vile germ or atom/Base am I born./ I am evil/Because I am a man,/ And I feel the primeval slime in me./ Yes!
So if a radio-toting family begins using the same channel in your vicinity, you can switch to another subcode.
Imports account for about 15 percent of goods and services bought in the United States.
Goldman Sachs, which managed the initial offering of Telenor, Norway's dominant telephone company, late last year, was notably omitted from the deal.
But the story of the design could also serve as a salute to America's multiculturalism.
Mr. Rauti has played many roles in his 74 years, follower of Mussolini, spoilsport of reformed neo-Fascists and inspiration of a splinter group of Fascist stalwarts.
''I'd talk to him and tell him, 'Focus on what's in front of you.
Many security experts have noted that the algorithms used to encrypt Word 95 documents were often easy to crack with minimal effort.
: scientists do not even know what the signs of immunity might be.
Opera ''L' ÉTOILE,'' Glimmerglass Opera.
But the question can be put another way: Has Russia ever had an independent television station during the last decade of democracy, and if not, why?
Just a few years ago, 250 objects from the permanent collection were installed in revamped first-floor galleries; now two dozen pieces have been added and the space has been redesigned again, this time with multicolored walls, mural-size color photographs, documentary films and ambient sound.
The sound of contact was unmistakable, the click of something well struck.
This makes them feel human again, only to turn around and see the smoke and destitution.
Dinner for two about $55 with wine.
Or anywhere else in publishing.
''There's advertising in the hallways, in lunchrooms, in the curriculum,'' Mr. Hagelshaw said.
Hunt Transport Services, a trucking company, said today that earnings for the third quarter would be lower than forecast because shipments declined and costs rose.
''She signed me up for this,'' Ms. Sonshine said, pointing to her niece, Lisa Hendricks, 33, of Howell Township, N.J. ''I haven't been on a roller coaster since I was a kid.''
Its prominence within the museum was further emphasized by the announcement in December that MOMA would buy 1,000 photographs by Lee Friedlander -- 868 prints from the 1950's to the present, and another 132 prints ''representing current and future work.''
The officers said the complainant's description of being assaulted in a car with flashing red lights, a computer monitor and rear doors that opened only from the outside suggested that her assailant may have been a police officer driving an unmarked car.
We think reduced competition alters the way retailers handle their pricing practices.
The young men seen in the 90 photographs were posing for a very particular audience: the collectors of discreetly distributed, small-format physique magazines that had an ardent gay following in the post-World War II, pre-Stonewall 1950's.
The American League East will be a lot more interesting if both return, which the Red Sox and a few million people in New England are hoping happens soon.
We will miss your piercing intelligence, humor and loyalty.
Beloved husband of Ellen, loving father of Lisa, Tory and Robin; devoted grandfather of Jenny, Alexander, Sophia, Caleigh and Lia.
because it is noisier than a sedan.)
Several people close to the talks said a key topic was whether America Online's access software would be included in the consumer version of Microsoft's new Windows XP operating system, which goes on sale on Oct. 25.
But retirement in that case would be highly unlikely because he would be forfeiting the final $20 million of his contract.
''Nickels has embraced the Seattle we all know and love,'' said Jim Compton, a former newsman for NBC who is now a member of the City Council.
While hair loss in women, as in men, has long been attributed to the effects of ''a bad body chemical called dihydrotestosterone, or DHT,'' as one popular advertisement puts it, dermatologists who study the problem have begun to question the extent of the hormone's role in women who suffer hair loss.
''The surplus is in great shape,'' Mr. Daniels said.
Induction ceremonies are scheduled for Aug. 4 at the Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio.
DNA analysis of cod samples obtained on the docks or in the marketplace could tell whether the fish were obtained unlawfully from these protected areas.
''I left it all on the playing field and answered a lot of doubts,'' Jones said.
''Dan gets it, the board gets it, and Kodak's people get it,'' Ms. Russo said.
''He has been so much in control of his image for so long, and he ran into a stone wall with me,'' Mr. Duncan said during a recent visit to Paris from his home of 40 years in the south of France.
On or about Feb. 7, 2001, Zacarias Moussaoui flew from Pakistan to London.
''You can talk about the pig yourself, say, 'Oh, this is a pink pig.'
''I am still young enough to see the world,'' he said.
After the meeting, negotiations broke down altogether and the White House appeared to stiffen its opposition to the Senate bill.
dashboard is a lot different than for Ford, so they'd have to publish configured products for that end buyer.''
Indeed, through all the months of the campaign, and all the weeks after the campaign while the votes were being counted or not counted, the one thing that never seemed high on anyone's mind was that the new president would actually have anything important to do.
(609) 219-2001 or (609) 921-2663, ext.
The owners met Nov. 6 and voted to exorcise two teams, presumably Minnesota and Montreal.
Add half the shallot mixture to each bowl, and mix.
If you lived in Manhattan, it was a badge of honor to dislike the World Trade Center.
''If you keep producing children and don't provide bread, this is what happens.''
That is true even when the products have been marketed with foreign-language advertisements.
These shows are classic library presentations, full of what is fashionably called visual or material culture, which is itself full of history.
''And this old guy with a heavy accent, a Holocaust survivor, got up and told a story.
As applications for new-home loans have fallen almost 8 percent since Sept. 11, refinancing loans have surged.
Jamal Mashburn returned after missing Thursday's win over Orlando with a bruised sternum to score 15 points and grab 12 rebounds as the Hornets clinched the tiebreaker between the teams by winning the season series 3-1.
The Washington Township Center for the Performing Arts is unlike any high school auditorium most people have ever seen, even though on any given school day it can be the setting for an all-class lecture or a school play.
The legislators who altered the bill said its original version would have Balkanized Mexico, creating a separate set of laws and rules to govern land use and local disputes for Indian communities, in violation of the Constitution.
''It would be risky,'' one of the executives who attended today's session said.
On top of this came more corporate earnings warnings, which, since October, have pulled the forecast for fourth-quarter earnings down to 4.2 percent from 15.6 percent for the companies in the Standard & Poor's 500 index, according to First Call/ Thomson Financial.
Sad to say, this time around you're always aware of the formula beneath the atmospheric clouds.
Mr. O'Leary said that though ruptured water mains had been shut off, water still seemed to be seeping into the system.
Tonight and tomorrow and Sunday nights at 8.
Although Mr. Gravano helped the government bring down nearly 40 gangsters -- most notably John J. Gotti, the jailed Gambino family don and his own former boss -- he soon returned to a life of crime.
That member called the chapter president, who in turn called 911, the fraternity said.
He liked what he heard and soon returned with a tape recorder and microphone.
Buffalo's snow is our secret asset.
Memorial service at Columbia University, date, time, and location to be announced.
Collins, who finished with 14 completions in 32 attempts for 147 yards, threw to Toomer for 14 yards to the Arizona 29-yard line.
Across a rocky gorge 600 feet wide and 300 feet deep, the benevolent battalion of Brig.
The deal was first reported in The Wall Street Journal.
While Dr. Henssler may be exaggerating, he is doing so to make a point: since money is best invested to produce the highest rate of return, it makes little sense to invest extra cash in an investment that produces a return of only 7 percent -- or whatever the interest rate being charged on one's mortgage -- when a better investment is available.
They collaborated in the gloriously messy business of washing cars, outside the Ryan home in Seaford, N.Y. Mr. Ryan's wife, Margaret, said Matthew ''would take the hose, squirt it all around, squirt the car, squirt Grandpa.
With hundreds of employees, and thousands of patients and clients, he had a ready-made campaign machine, used for Republicans and Democrats alike.
Healy, baldly showcasing her impatience toward Red Cross sanctities about tradition, had long displayed a saying attributed to Clara Barton above the mantle: ''It irritates me to be told how things have always been done.
As soon as the Oregon law went into effect, he called the health department and sent in the required $15.
Superior value is a combination of price, product and service.
Likewise, the Hong Kong public has periodically been whipped into a nationalistic fervor over Japan's occupation of the disputed Senkaku islands.
The cost of the $48 million project is split between the Power Authority and the Electric Power Research Institute, an industry-supported research consortium in Palo Alto, Calif.
The United States has some 37 at the Kandahar airport and 8, including the young Californian John Walker, aboard the assault ship Peleliu, while Afghan forces have more than 3,000.
and he said, 'Doug is familiar with the case, and we don't need special counsel, and I'm getting a lot of pressure from the Senate president.'
He parked his car and strolled toward the clubhouse.
Those institutions often woo black and Hispanic high school students by ferrying them to campus on college-chartered buses or trains.
Mr. Ulloa put up with many such warnings.
''We know he was on our side and supporting us, so I have nothing against him,'' Howard said.
''The remarkable thing is that the jury was not permitted to learn that the Raiders were suing the City of Oakland, saying they were fraudulently induced to move,'' the league lawyer Gregg Levy said.
The Philip Morris Board and its employees extend their deepest sympathy to his devoted family.
The results were strikingly different.
A happy employee base led to satisfied passengers.
The Energy Department later closed the reactor.
I know what it takes and, while I think they are good players, they're going to be ready to go in two or three years.''
Such departures have drawn complaints from civil liberties groups and members of Congress.
Representative Jesse L. Jackson Jr. faces a mysterious challenger with a familiar name in the March primary election: Jesse L. Jackson.
Mr. Bush also said that his administration was ''upholding our constitutional liberties.''
Hisham Jabi, 31, was hired in 1994 by the Modern Arabian Business Corporation, or Mabco, an office technology equipment retailer and service provider, to open a branch in the territories.
IT wasn't the usual kind of graduation.
Services Friday, April 13, 12 Noon, Nieberg Midwood Chapel, 1625 Coney Island Ave., Bklyn.
Toss together all ingredients, and let sit at room temperature for 15 minutes.
The performance under Mr. Hostetter was again compelling.
The rebels are surrounded in Gracani, which is just two miles from the border, and their only supply route is from Kosovo.
It was not clear whether the two men are among at least three suspects that the government has said were still at large and thought to be in Saudi Arabia, Pakistan or Afghanistan.
''The bet wasn't really about lunch,'' he said, while reminding the Lowitzes that this particular lunch didn't count toward their total, then making a side bet that Mr. Lowitz would not go scuba diving once each week while in Bali.
He also disputed reports about his company's bid to buy the Hughes Electronics unit of the General Motors Corporation, saying that the undisclosed offer included a ''healthy premium'' over Hughes's market value.
The assembly was in June, before attention focused on whether human embryos should be used in scientific research, and did not take up the subject.
Many of them have a kind of swaggering Renaissance flash: nothing is beyond our inquiry, they seem to say; our curiosity is as fearless as it is boundless.
''It's unbelievably stupid,'' he said, ''but easy to do.''
Mr. Davis, who is up for re-election in 2002, has been under political pressure to reverse his plunging poll numbers brought on by the statewide energy crisis earlier in the year and made worse by a severe economic slowdown in recent months.
Mr. Kvamme, a Silicon Valley venture capitalist who was born and reared in Northern California, had flown to New Hampshire, where George W. Bush was battling John McCain in the Republican primary.
Mr. Salonen's performance is a riot, with its swooping harp and skirling trumpet, its rhythmic shudder, its high-color, full-gloss treatment.
Along the way, I made another change.
But all of it will have a gradual salutary effect in coming years, experts say.
Elected to the House, he forged a reputation as a consensus-builder during 12 years in Washington, then won election as governor of Pennsylvania, the nation's sixth-biggest state in population.
We follow his lead and fight back.''
Still, it is the remaining months this year that are crucial for Polaroid, a cash-short instant-photography company, which is hobbled by $950 million in debt, more than half due by February.
There the group was divided into two.
With the score tied at 4-4, Diaz grounded his single off Todd Jones up the middle.
As he put it in an interview published in the exhibition catalog, he ''wanted to be the first 16th-century photographer.''
Halfway though the angry enumeration of wrongs done the colonists by King George III, he interrupted his reading to observe: ''This is quite an indictment.''
Flights of angels sing thee to thy rest!
The discussion illustrated the phenomenon that Mr. Sunstein and various social scientists have called ''group polarization'' in which like-minded people in an isolated group reinforce one another's views, which then harden into more extreme positions.
''Thanks to you President Lagos I am now going to sell insurance!''
Services Wednesday, 10 AM, at Riverside-Nassau North Chapels, 55 No.
Toomer's return was side to side for 4 yards, and the Giants began on their 37-yard line.
* ''WILLEM DE KOONING AND JOHN CHAMBERLAIN: INFLUENCE AND TRANSFORMATION,'' PaceWildenstein, 32 East 57th Street, (212) 421-3292, (through tomorrow ).
The core issue is not whether Bush is smart enough to grasp the nuances of a complex world -- he has smart advisers for that -- but whether he cares enough.
This was the Nets' top draft pick?
Some petitions were spiked by the courts because signers used their nicknames.
BP Amoco said today that fourth-quarter profit from operations nearly doubled, fattened by higher oil and gas prices, and cost savings from acquisitions.
Singapore began receiving the city-state's first shipments of natural gas from Indonesia last month via a separate, 400-mile pipeline from gas fields to the west in the South China Sea.
In 1950 Ms. Straight played the governess in ''The Innocents,'' an adaptation of James's ''Turn of the Screw'' produced by Mr. Cookson.
Councilwoman Julia Harrison says that is the case in downtown Flushing, where many businesses display signs in Chinese or Korean but not in English, as required by a 1965 state law.
They offer the same spectacular color and clarity of other mini-DV models in this price range.
''There is no now; there is no tomorrow,'' Marbury said of the commitment to play hard.
Mogilny, who is in the final year of a contract worth $5.3 million, missed on two breakaways in the first period of the Devils' triumph in Game 3 against Pittsburgh.
''We used to be able to break the traffic,'' he said, gazing south at the hundreds of cars parked in 10 lanes of traffic arching over the bridge leading back into Mexico.
The writer is an Akwesasne Mohawk.
A Bush administration official said the National Security Council is expected to give the final go-ahead later this month.
If they are very, very successful in a market, they really kill everyone else.''
Another group, several backpackers and a group of children, hiked up the trail.
For many who heard the news, the most difficult part to fathom was how Mr. Arnold could so suddenly fall from favor.
In her remarks, Ms. Hanover mentioned her executive assistant, Anna Solomou, in whom breast cancer was diagnosed in January.
Challenger, the firm's chief, called that significant, saying it reflected a greater emphasis on how corporate money is managed.
Even when the country does well economically, the wealth never flows to the poor people.''
''Obviously the fact that the mayor has a book contract with Miramax will not have any influence on our interactions with the city, or business decisions we would consider regarding the city or the state,'' said Christine L. Castro, a Disney spokeswoman.
So far, there has been a blizzard of talk around .Net but very little real explanation.
West decided to discard, which was right, but gave up a heart, which was wrong.
Now, the market price in the averages is now down to 1998.
''I've been in this country a long time,'' said Ms. Bharati, the temple trustee, with no particular rancor.
But if there is a future in human cloning, either for reproductive purposes or to create cell lines for use in treating diseases, people may one day say it started in Worcester.
INJURED DRIVER WILL WAIT: Steve Park, whose brain was bruised in an accident at Darlington Raceway, now plans to wait four to six weeks before getting back in his race car.
PATH trains will operate on a weekend schedule.
Triumphant, Mr. Barenboim abandoned talk of resigning and began negotiating renewal of his contract, which expires in 2002, although now as only music director, without the administrative duties of artistic director.
Considered a superman because he continues to win even though he is well over 40, he is an eight-time champion in the heavyweight division.
Citizens Communications, a provider of telecommunications and energy distribution services, said yesterday that it had ended an agreement to sell its electric properties because the prospective buyer was unable to secure the necessary financing.
The mayor of Taipei and his opposite number from Hong Kong met for a more than an hour today, holding a chat that spoke volumes about the political gamesmanship in relations between Taiwan and China.
The practical advantages, such as not having to change money at most borders, will finally become apparent in real life.
At the Australian Open, Hingis was able to dilute the power of Williams, but they have not met since.
''Perhaps in these days it's an even greater challenge.
But probably, like hundreds of thousands of others, I saw I.B.M.
The president of the New York Racing Association, Terence B. Meyocks, criticized Magna, its competitor, saying, ''Their profits would go to another country and increase purses in other states, from California to Canada.''
At 17, she is one of the country's best female figure skaters.
The hotel, which opened in December, occupies two 19th-century town houses on the city's premier antiquing street.
Others want to recreate Radio Free Afghanistan, which existed during the Soviet occupation, as an ideological alternative to the V.O.A.
The project, which began in August, was on schedule until Sept 11.
Countering for Atlanta will be goalkeeper Briana Scurry, forwards Parlow and Charmaine Hooper, and Sun, who remains the biggest worry for Sawyers even though she will start the game on the bench.
When told that one officer, Lt. Ronald Oliver, had been killed, Mr. Workman originally assumed he had fired the fatal shot.
In a delirious fever punctuated by coughing fits, she shouts out newspaper headlines and expresses a deep desire to stay put.
Not all Newsweek's freelance photographers have refused to work for the $400 day rate.
''We're wrestling with the fact that liver enzyme elevations may not be completely predictive of more severe events,'' Dr. Honig said.
''At the finish, Garcia was coming onto me strong.
''Keep Ed close while you're making the right (tough) decisions,'' read the inscription on a photograph of Mr.
THE NORTHERN LIGHTS By Lucy Jago.
In Aceh, the military and now a special paramilitary unit rampage unchecked.
Football history is riddled with the carcasses of general managers and coaches who rose to the top and then clawed each other to death trying to show the team and the world who was smarter.
But these Lakers and Celtics looked like they had been left in a clothes dryer a few cycles too long.
Just as George W. Bush was assuming the presidency, a consortium of news organizations set out to tabulate the Florida ballots, a task of stupefying dullness and vast importance.
His last big hurrah came in 1975, when he helped put together a plan to lift the city out of its fiscal crisis.
''I don't think this has a lot to do with improving the prospects or making the prospects any brighter for the peace process.''
''I think we've got to find ways with which to aggressively continue to pursue this effort beyond that which we've done,'' Mr. Daschle added.
''It is very sad because we have a great opportunity now with the world focused on Afghanistan,'' he said.
Directed by Joe Johnston (PG-13, 90 minutes).
Strings dangled from bare light bulbs that had been fastened to the pine rafters.
He edited and contributed to the book ''The Arab-Israeli Confrontation of June 1967: An Arab Perspective'' (1970, Books on Demand).
As for the foreigners, they would be brought to the 19th-century mud-walled fort, Qala Jangi, now General Dostum's base, just west of the city of Mazar-i-Sharif.
Plumbing the first 40 years of Albert Einstein's life, a science writer for The Times focuses on his subject's emotional, intimate side and how it affected his scientific discoveries.
Everybody is so ecstatic about starting the long season that weather conditions do not faze anybody, hitters or pitchers.
DENVER BRONCOS--Waived QB Ronnie McAda and WR Chafie Fields.
Paul Podolsky, chief foreign exchange strategist at Fleet Global Markets in Boston, said that the euro could begin to fall again later this year.
Its shares were up 7 percent.
Memorial contributions to Southold Historical Society, PO Box 1, Southold, New York 11971.
He talks energetically about how his competitors like to impugn Fox News's top-volume approach to presentation: the pun-driven titles, the vivid graphics and visceral tone.
And in the absence of rehabilitation, recidivism runs high.
Dyes fade: consider your upholstery.
But the display of such a large slice of his work is the most rewarding reason for visiting this show.
Rules typically take effect 30 to 90 days after they are published.
The purpose of Altogether Different is to give small companies accustomed to intimate theaters a chance to expand their audiences by appearing on the Joyce's larger stage.
With the Illini ahead, 26-23, they went on a blistering 11-0 run to take a 37-23 lead.
''Almost anything goes in New York,'' he said.
Scott fears the odds are against Martin's winning the award because of the Nets' 26-51 record and because he will have missed his final 11 games.
The outside of one of the bags said ''Mahlobjan,'' a man's name; the number 436; and ''second.''
Others in the crowd said they expected Mr. Sharon to restore the security that they said had been lost under Mr. Barak.
The nouveau is light, almost purple and can bear more resemblance to grape juice than to wine.
If Knoblauch plays, it will probably be the difference between a functional offense and a dangerous offense.
We have lived with vegetarian children for so long that traveling with them is usually no problem: they can read a menu in a window and know if they can manage.
The woman, Rosalie Pascale of Morris Park, had apparently been standing on a chair when she and the air-conditioner slipped through the window about 6 p.m. Saturday, the police said.
''There were a lot of interfaith activities.
The family requests donations in lieu of flowers to Aventura Health Foundation, 3575 NE 207th Street, Suite #
The economic downturn and the fallout from the Sept. 11 attacks have caused many shoppers to spend at discounters like Wal-Mart Stores Inc. as they seek to stretch their dollars for necessities like food and everyday personal items.
''I was at an N.C.A.A.
That impact is even more significant at small liberal arts colleges and Ivy League universities than at the large universities, simply because athletics directly affect a higher proportion of their students.
During that most lionized of American sporting events, a slam-dunk contest, he breaks the glass backboard and violently acts out in a way that indicates there is no good end in store for him or any of this.
The films may seem unnecessary, given the graphic content of many of his raps.
Gnocchi with meat sauce is a way of honoring your meat-and-potato origins and transcending them at the same time.
Broadway may be hotter than ever, with ticket sales and buzz at record highs.
In Mexico, which is the conduit for most of the cocaine and much of the heroin entering the United States, the situation is grimmer than depicted in the film, said Mr. Garland, who was the D.E.A.
''Now they are more the norm than a trend'' at Class A buildings -- those that are well located and are equipped with the most modern amenities.
We did provide a full refund of the sleeper reservations, which she was unable to use.
Adoring grandmother to Alexander and Brooke Block.
Van Gundy, perhaps stating the obvious, said, ''We're better with Larry than without him.''
Tonight at 7:30 and 10:30; admission is $30 (Pareles).
With construction of the slim, four-story building on 171st Street near Amsterdam Avenue to begin in the spring, the 500 members of F.Y.I.
The sole goal was to put a cease-fire in place and get the two sides cooperating again.
As America expanded westward in the 19th century, so did its performing arts, entertainers following pioneers and miners into the newly mapped territories.
''I'm excited to be back,'' he said.
He testified against the two co-defendants, who were acquitted.
Up close, the pictures have the bland sheen of magazine illustrations; one wonders what these boyish visions might look like if they had been made in some more individualized way (Johnson).
''Now he wants to be a senator?''
Warrior Solutions is developing nine more programs related to the core module and plans to adapt the concept for the Marines, the Navy and the Air Force as well as for British, Canadian and Australian forces.
Though they are adversaries in theory, local pigeon racers' competitive spirit is tempered by a camaraderie forged by their shared passion.
''I'm a polo virgin,'' Mr. Leary said.
Christie Whitman's resignation, said he had not missed the annual train trip in 25 years.
As far back as they can remember, they have been playing lacrosse.
Over the years he trained Walpiri-speaking teachers in Central Australia and taught linguistics in Arizona for the Navajo Language Academy.
At a benefit at the Rainbow Room the other night, he discussed the charity circuit with GEORGE TRESCHER, who organizes galas and fund-raising parties and was at his table.
Negotiations resumed this week with Dennis Green, the Vikings' coach and vice president for football operations.
Funeral services will be o n Friday 11:30 AM at Redeemer-St. John's Lutheran Church, 939-83 St., Brooklyn, NY.
Ms. Nathan, 42, is keeping her name.
But his undoing came when he challenged the mayor's and the school board's decision not to challenge the lifting of a federal court order, dating from 1986, that had found intentional segregation in the public schools.
Having the ability to turn these turbines on and off when needed, you can also mitigate some of the price spiking.
(718-636-4100 or Ticketmaster) www.bam.org ''THE MADWOMAN OF CHAILLOT'' Anne Jackson in the title role of Jean Giradoux's whimsical fable about a crazy woman who saves the world from greed and destruction.
Clinton, the defending Bronx titleholder, took the crown again with 174 points to Evander Childs's runner-up total of 79; Magnet was a 41-point winner in the Queens competition over the defending champion, Thomas Edison; and Jefferson outscored its Brooklyn rival and last year's winner, South Shore, 114-75 1-2.
But initially, the couple were bewildered by the interest in their home.
Admission: $10; $8, students and 62+ (Michael Kimmelman).
''We're here to talk with him about how the Americans destroyed my village and about the mutilated people who need help.''
Supporters of securitization say its greatest benefit may be that it protects governments against the risks of tobacco company bankruptcies or legal challenges to the settlement plan that could reduce revenues in the future.
But in a joint telephone interview, the acting directors of the combined entity, Mount Sinai N.Y.U.
Punter TOM TUPA, who has a sore hip flexor, was checked by team doctors Monday and will most likely not punt in Thursday's game.
In the last several years, private sales have become more of a phenomenon in Southport, according to Al N. Filippone, managing partner of the Premier Homes division of William Raveis Real Estate in Southport.
Mr. Mauer said that while California crime dropped 41 percent from 1993 to 1999, New York, with no three-strikes law, showed the same decline.
Jump-shots were taken, lay-ups were blown and there were tussles for loose balls.
But then he remembered ''God Bless America,'' retrieved it from his files and rewrote it for the times.
He allowed eight hits and no walks.
After Monday's 7-5 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays, Posada criticized Fletcher strongly, saying the young umpire doesn't belong in the majors.
A Pentagon official said the goal of the ground troops was to attach a team to each opposition group that was prepared to work with Washington against the Taliban.
He said that this could encourage producers and restaurants to donate some of the more than 80 billion pounds of food wasted each year in the United States.
The new package would cut taxes by about $100 billion in 2002.
In his two seasons as coach, Campo is 4-0 against Washington but 4-19 against the rest of the league.
Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, 465 Huntington Avenue, (617) 267-9300, www.mfa.org, is open Monday and Tuesday from 10 a.m. until 4:45 p.m.; Wednesday, Thursday and Friday until 9:45 p.m. (Thursdays and Fridays after 5 p.m., only the West Wing is open); Saturday and Sunday until 5:45 p.m.
I secured the last room at the Stagecoach Inn, and awoke before dawn to the sounds of more machines revving their motors for the daily run to Old Faithful.
He added that he would like to see the corporation's losses reduced, largely through increased Medicaid reimbursements, which the state must approve.
The show will explore the 160-year history of the water system, including the construction of the Central Park Reservoir, the Croton Aqueduct and the Williamsbridge Reservoir in the Bronx.
''People use their bodies to express suffering and devotion -- to the point of crawling on their backs,'' said María Massolo, an Argentine anthropologist who has studied the shrine.
The breakup of A.T.& T. through a consent decree in 1983, for example, is widely seen as a successful structural remedy, because it led to greater competition in the markets for telecommunications equipment and long-distance service.
The union said today that its executive board was scheduled to meet next month and was expected to approve the merger.
The cause of universal education is stunningly neglected.
Amid a late push by AOL Time Warner, AT&T's board is to meet in Manhattan today to decide whether to sell the company's cable television operation or instead spin it off as an independent company.
Caring After Death Dr. Dan Shapiro, a clinical psychologist at the University of Arizona School of Medicine and himself a cancer survivor who recounted his near-fatal battle in a very moving, amusing and insightful book, ''Mom's Marijuana,'' noted in a recent interview that in the past ''physicians didn't view death as the end of the relationship with the family.''
Mel now says she regrets writing the letter.
He poured a chunk of his personal fortune into the fight last spring, when Sega raised 101 billion yen ($820 million) to introduce Dreamcast.
To the Editor: Re ''A City Consumed in Plans for McVeigh's Execution'' (front page, April 19): The developing circus around the impending execution of Timothy McVeigh, the Oklahoma City bomber, is loathsome and degrading.
We refer to the unavoidable George E. Pataki, who is so electronically ubiquitous that the state comptroller, H. Carl McCall, has scheduled an audit of state advertising spending.
John H. Fullmer, the chief executive of MyPoints, said that the company had not sought to sell itself but was looking at combining with other online marketing companies when an unsolicited bid came from United.
Quincy Carter, Joey Galloway and Emmitt Smith carried the Cowboys to a 27-21 victory over the visiting 49ers and put a crimp in San Francisco's postseason plans.
What's happening is that the big diplomacy is totally stuck.
On the larger issue, though, the American people will be looking to Senate negotiators to stand firm in their talks with the House.
Ford is offering $750 discounts for current Explorer owners, together with discounted interest rates of 3 percent on 24-month leases and 7 percent on 36-month leases.
As soon as the race started, the data kept coming in late -- even a half-second late is too late.''
But disease isn't the only thing moving around the globe with increasing speed, binding far-flung countries together in a mutual medical destiny.
JEFFREY WEINSTEIN Dobbs Ferry, N.Y., March 23, 2001
He later divorced her and remarried.
''We see a very strong pattern of this kind of conduct.''
We need retirement benefits, and we are not going to wait forever to start a family.''
''I have done my time in the feminist trenches and I know people will always disagree with our approach,'' she said.
By the time the Yankees complete the homestand tonight, they will have turned over almost a quarter of their roster since June 1.
When the Bush administration last month ended the American Bar Association's role in evaluating federal judges, it delighted many Federalist Society members who had yearned for such a move.
You may know what you like, but if you don't know much about art, a new site called Artloop can help (www.artloop.com).
In April, the 10-year tax cut program, including the rebates, had not been completed.
''My administration pledged to bring civility and high standards to Washington, and to lead for the sake of all Americans,'' Mr. Bush said.
He fashioned his tax plan on the campaign trail in late 1999 and early 2000, when the economy was growing at a robust 5 percent annual rate, the Nasdaq was closing in on 5,000, and people were feeling rather exuberant about the ''new economy.''
But in the long run no one wants a strong Afghanistan.''
With the Longhorns on their 3-yard line trailing by 7-3, Williams charged forward on the blitz, a strategy both teams used well in this Red River showdown in the Cotton Bowl.
''New mosques conform very much with the global pattern of Islam,'' he said.
And even that I believe is in pretty good shape.''
But many passengers added that they considered the troops, with M-16's slung over their shoulders and 9-millimeter pistols at their sides, as simply a more powerful version of the police.
SAN FRANCISCO: The 49ers were able to keep their offensive line intact.
Eight well-stocked vitrines present a plethora of supporting material, much of which is also reproduced in a stylish catalog.
A la carte $36 to $58.
Mr. Yardeni, chief investment strategist for Deutsche Bank Alex.
In its annual report, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Critical Path revised its revenue to $135.7 million from $155 million.
On Monday, Honeywell's board reaffirmed its commitment to the deal.
Mr. Hiruma had come to Yasukuni Shrine on this sweltering day to stand before its giant cedar altar, summon the Shinto deities with a clap of his hands and visit with his brother's spirit.
Later, whether by invasion or cultural diffusion, the Celtic language was established.
Look at this, too, how the dancers are really close to us in the foreground while the buildings are looming up in the background.
William Hedges, the Kiowa High School principal who testified in favor of the bill in the State Legislature, said that in large measure, the program had helped prevent volatile situations.
Norman Simmons, Friday and Saturday at 8:30, 10:30 p.m. and midnight.
Under pressure from the United States over the last year, OPEC increased production by about 3.5 million barrels a day.
We had three out, on Vee-Jay and Swan, but nobody had them, or had even heard of us.''
You scratch your head at 5 in the morning.''
''But on the terrorist threat,'' he added, ''we spent billions of dollars and are improving our capabilities to deal with that threat.''
She is president of her building's social club, which sponsors bingo games (she is the bingo caller), lunches, outings and parties for 300 residents.
SHOP TALK A Writer and His Colleagues and Their Work By Philip Roth Illustrated.
My younger, Clara, is the associate editor of The Santa Monica Mirror.
''I couldn't get a house now if my life depended on it,'' he said.
Customs officials say the average inspection time for a person crossing the border has gone to 90 seconds from 8.
As Mr. Kantarian pointed out, the Open brought in more than $420 million to New York City.
's Standard Register Ping in Phoenix for a two-shot lead over Se Ri Pak and Annika Sorenstam.
Farwell's technique recently shot to prominence when he scanned Terry Harrington, a convicted murderer trying to win a new trial.
She watched from 50 feet away.
A pillar of flame and smoke blew the cover into the air, and the blast lifted the man off his feet, they said.
Tears rolled down his cheeks, and several of his teammates were teary as well.
''I didn't really know what I was doing; I didn't have any kids of my own,'' the 75-year-old Key said from her home in North Augusta, S.C., where she has retired.
Over the years, Arthur's life in fictional Elwood City has expanded to include sisters (D. W. and Kate), school (with his fearsome teacher, Mr. Ratburn, literally a rat) and places like the library, where he reads scary books.
It replaces the former Fairfield Store, a family-owned department store that for generations was the anchor of Fairfield's retail community, offering smart country clothes.
Houseman, 450 West 42nd Street, (212) 239-6200.
But individual bills would rise, he said, if people consume more power than they did last summer.
In the sophisticated New York suburbs, where synagogues are often vast contemporary edifices of glass and metal, this little synagogue and its 60 families are a testament to the vitality of a tradition that has passed from ancient times.
A rare reference to the explosives training at the Abu Khabab camp appears in the sealed indictment of Nabil abu Aukel, a Palestinian arrested last June by Israel.
Cowboys In one week, Quincy Carter has gone from the Dallas Cowboys' backup quarterback to the starter.
It's one of those neighborhood bistros that, although supposedly disappearing from the city, on deeper inspection prove to be heartily alive: smoky, noisy, utterly Parisian, down to the flour-dusted sack of baguettes from the neighboring baker stashed next to the bar.
That past president was Theodore Roosevelt.
The villagers offer their own twist on explanations of what is prolonging the war.
He waved away the entreé, lamb, saying he avoids lamb in this country because it tastes like mutton, before making it clear that he is still highly competitive.
Some in the hip-hop world, meanwhile, find the BlackBerry too stuffy.
(It stores better in large chunks but the dessert requires smaller ones.)
His father, once allied with the Rwandan Tutsi government, broke with the Tutsi in 1998; since then, Laurent Kabila's government has vilified the Tutsi.
Louvre.edu was one of the responses put forth by the Ministry of Education.
Fifteen contestants will face a series of hurdles, natural and man-made, to free the princess and claim a prize.
Operating independently, Mr. Erskine said, ''we'll have more freedom, and more focus.''
The deal could be announced as early as today, ending a five-month auction that attracted some of the industry's biggest competitors, including Sara Lee; Earthgrains, the nation's second-largest baker behind Interstate Bakeries; and Grupo Bimbo of Mexico, one of the largest bread companies in the world.
Hence the rules: no kneeling on seats, no chewing gum, no sitting on armrests.
Loving wife of Hubert, devoted mother of Robert and Nancy, and grandmother of Jonathan, Elizabeth, Andrew and Adam.
The monthly maintenance was $960.
FOR months, Dieter and Leighanne Klunker labored to restore their 107-year-old house in Fairview, Utah -- painting, refinishing wooden floors and renovating the attic.
His death shook the Westerners at work in the nation, and groups of journalists vacated Taliqan yesterday, leaving the interior and heading back toward Dashti Qala, along the Tajik border, an area that has been under Northern Alliance control for years.
Some of the fish have been collected and destroyed by city authorities.
Beloved husband of Edna (nee Getzoff) for 54-1/2 years married.
Directed by Antoine Fuqua (R, 120 minutes).
And Ms. Norman's disc is devoted to the work of Michel Legrand.
PAGE A12 California Power Deal Gov.
There are famous clients, too, politicians and entertainers whose names Ms. Barrera would not divulge.
The offenders are assigned community service and are then embraced.
Most of those cancellations were because of winter storms in the Northeast and Southeast, where Delta has a major presence.
for Mary Poppins, but there was no place for it at Disney World.
She attacked other critics, poked fun at materialistic movie magnates and derided the pretensions of Alain Resnais's ''Last Year at Marienbad'' (1961), calling it ''the snow job in the ice palace.''
Before becoming an electrician, starting when he was just 13, he had a succession of jobs at a mall in Jackson Heights.
Stewart Udall, 81, lives in Santa Fe, N.M., where he writes books.
The talk is the first of two on Long Island architecture that the society will offer this year.
''I wear a hat as much as I can whenever a photo's taken of me as a personality,'' he said, smoothing that evening's fedora, ''because I know I won't wear hats in films.
''The message I want to give is, The whole world is watching,'' he tells me.
Ironically, the first Whitbread Round-the-World Race, in 1974, was won by a Swan 65, Sayula II, which was essentially a heavy-displacement cruising boat.
Five years ago, cancer patients were still the main market for long-acting opioids, but oncologists accounted for only 3 percent of the OxyContin prescribed last year.
The Symantec Corporation, which makes Norton AntiVirus, keeps an informative page of links at www .symantec.com/avcenter.
Toronto's Martinez Is Adjusting Bob Brenly has his team, Arizona, in first place.
With a capacity of 47,000 seats, the proposed new Yankee ballpark would be 8,775 seats smaller than the current Yankee Stadium.
It's treated as hazardous material.''
Mr. Peyraudeau does classic, too.
Wilson went 3 for 4 with a home run, Lowell added a two-run shot, Cliff Floyd had two doubles, and Eric Owens had three hits as the Marlins had season highs for runs and hits (19) and tied the club record for home runs (4) in a game.
The company has been in a protracted dispute over unpaid bills and contract terms with the state utility of Maharashtra, the only customer for power from the $2.9 billion Dabhol Power venture, India's largest single foreign investment.
They take the story of Jim Glass, a 10-year-old boy in rural North Carolina, his widowed mother and his three uncles and enrich it, expand on it, one small gem begotten by another.
But it also takes Israel to task for an ''overly broad'' characterization of the violence as ''an armed conflict short of war'' with Palestinian attacks ''carried out by a well-armed and organized militia.''
''REALLY ROSIE,'' the musical about the little girl with the big imagination, based on writing by Maurice Sendak, with music by Carole King.
The court-appointed lawyers are screened and many are experienced, but some other lawyers and judges say they are sloppy and unreliable.
When rescue workers stagger from the wreckage, the ministers, identified by their T-shirts, try to focus the workers' minds and revive their bodies.
Well, what's a guru without a cult?
Riyadh has not yet fully joined the international effort to block bank accounts thought to be financing terrorist operations, American officials say.
This was last week, on show No.
The last ''Wide World'' was shown in 1998 and while a best-of version runs on ESPN Classic, its name has lived on as the umbrella title for some ABC Sports programming and as the Disneysports complex in Florida.
Banks in general are willing to pay a little extra to win the long-term loyalty of good customers.
The average they follow lost $7 in a week.''
Edward A. Stolzenberg, the president and chief executive of the hospital, said in a statement today that the hospital had made 32 ''safety changes'' since the accident, and that some of them corrected lapses mentioned in the report.
But what happened to all the money they squandered in the I.P.O.'s?
In exchange, VeriSign would pay $5 million and give up control of its .org names database to a nonprofit agency by 2002.
Incredibly, some people, perhaps two dozen (timid souls still leery of contemporary music?
Legalizing the status of undocumented Mexicans is a top objective of the Roman Catholic Church and immigrant advocacy groups, especially Latino organizations, whose constituencies Mr. Bush is courting in his strategy to expand his political base and win a second term in 2004.
''We love and trust it,'' Mr. Schatz said of the song that has been ''consistently one of our biggest hits.''
This drought could yet be a horrendous killer.
A1 THE FAMILIES -- As the rest of the nation eases into the holiday spirit, there are hundreds of homes mourning the loss of loved ones killed in the attacks.
''There is no question that the Al Qaeda organization has been convicted in courts of law for acts of terrorism, including the bombing of our embassies in East Africa.''
''We are aware of the crucial role of moderate Arab countries,'' in the fight against terrorism.
She was sentenced to 20 years in prison.
''Both governments will work together to strengthen orderly trade between our two countries,'' the Japanese Trade Ministry said today in announcing the deal.
Chief John A. Kapica of the Greenburgh police said all 112 of his officers have been educated about anthrax and equipped with masks, goggles, latex gloves and biohazard suits.
They were recognized as a tribe by New York and New Jersey in 1980, but the federal government has denied their application for tribal status, filed in 1979.
A monthly ''First Saturday'' program, when the museum stays open till 11 p.m., features special events like artists' lectures, live bands and films.
It's often justified as the only way to focus attention on the disease.
It was also rather dated, not to mention rather large.
Shea Center for Performing Arts, 300 Pompton Road, Wayne.
But the acting governor's aides said today that they were still in talks with Assembly leaders including Speaker Jack Collins.
His talent really shines, however, in his mission to cure his parents' problems and revivify their hopeless marriage, and these efforts form the core of the novel.
''Don't tell me, the Yankees took their best player?''
C1 Sign of Consumer Optimism The consumer confidence index rose to 117.0 from 109.2 in February, the first increase since September.
The next morning, about 10:45 Washington time, she sent an e-mail message to her mother, Chief Ramsey said today.
But the dusk is nice.
The French Butcher, 383 Second Avenue near 22nd Street, (212) 725-4165.
After the stock market closed Thursday, Nortel sharply cut its forecasts for both revenue and profits.
They called me at home to check up on me.
NaPro said it must receive approval from federal regulators before it could market its form of the drug.
Grill 6 to 8 minutes a side, or until meat is nicely browned and cooked medium or better on the inside.
Both are graduates of Baylor University in Waco, Tex., who met at a small church there.
It was the hardest substance I've ever worked with, because it's disgusting.
Mr. Davis's announcement seemed to catch the F.B.I., as well as several state agencies, off guard.
Then, on Oct. 11, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of New York rejected a $10 million gift from a Saudi prince who chastised American foreign policy, and Mr. Shehadeh decided it was time to weigh in on the subjects he tried so hard to avoid.
On its wooden rails lay my lumber, smooth, fragrant planks of pine, scalloped and grooved to fit together the way so few things seemed to be doing elsewhere.
Last summer, Firestone recalled 6.5 million tires.
But after days of cycling the family through overnight beds, the city ruled that they were not truly homeless, as it typically does even in applications for shelter that are ultimately accepted.
Beloved mother of Diane Krumholz.
Site-specific and ephemeral, it brings together self-selected strangers -- 24 million a year in live music and cabaret-licensed clubs alone, according to 1997 research by the New York Nightlife Association, a club owners' group -- in, as the old-school rap line goes, ''the place to be.''
And you thought that Mr. ''Alas Poor Yorick'' Hamlet had the last word on how to pose with human skulls.
Things to Do Boyce Thompson Arboretum, 37615 U.S. Highway 60 (at Milepost 223), Superior, Ariz.; (520) 689-2723; Web site, arboretum .ag.arizona.edu.
Michael B. Greene, a psychologist who specializes in bullying and harassment and is executive director of the Violence Institute of the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, warned that the zero-tolerance movement within schools is creating an atmosphere of fear and intolerance rather than encouraging troubled kids to talk.
from the body, thus achieving a cure and obviating any drug therapy.
Sanderson connected twice in the first period and got the winner midway through the third period.
Mr. Miller, a 72-year-old retired pharmacist, organized the group, one of more than a dozen in New Jersey, about four years ago.
Business confidence dived even more after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, and German confidence slipped to its lowest level in eight years in October.
Last week, Condé Nast's second issue of Teen Vogue was on newsstands.
''Firms moved very rapidly to lease space immediately after the attack, and they moved either uptown or across the river.
After backing Camby down to within a few feet of the basket, Mason put up a short jumper in hopes of giving Miami a 1-point lead.
For instance, SeaWorld, in Orlando, is offering a special package.
But the future of VaxGen is uncertain, many investors said, and Wall Street has showed unusual caution.
To the Editor: As much as I would love an ''independent inspector'' to do my grading for me as finals approach, I must take exception to a Dec. 7 letter writer's business analogy for higher education.
John D. Podesta, who was White House chief of staff under President Bill Clinton, said the government had elaborate plans and training exercises for such disasters.
We had asked to be awakened an hour before, so we lost an hour of precious time packing and checking out.
The buses on Broadway halted.
Flint thinks that is misleading because he believes his colt would have won the What a Pleasure Stakes at Calder Race Course, instead of losing by a neck, if not for a ''bad trip'' under the jockey Pat Day.
$200 million to keep it flying, has said that it will retain most of T.W.A.
But the letter carrier does not remember handling the letter addressed to NBC in Midtown Manhattan, which was postmarked at the Trenton regional processing center on Sept. 18.
Mrs. Applebaum, 27, is a fashion stylist in Los Angeles whose work appears in magazines, catalogs and music videos.
How can I tell my neighbor to skip his noble gesture without offending him?
This season, the program has experienced further erosion.
Our condolences to Marge and the family.
The ''Nader Rocks the Rose Garden'' Portland rally included speeches and singing by a variety of Green Party figures and professional entertainers like Danny Glover, Jello Biafra and Eddie Vedder of Pearl Jam.
''There is a place for trading, but it shouldn't be without limit.''
The ability to bomb targets with precision could be a potent weapon against terrorist safe houses and command centers hidden among schools, hospitals and homes in crowded urban areas, Pentagon planners said.
Clocks were ticking, but this was terrifying.
I'm on the stereo!,'' the joke was fully in.
We were a diverse lot: a pair of professors, a computer-game developer, a restaurant manager, a vacuum-cleaner repairman; black, white, Hispanic.
William J. Mitchell, dean of the School of Architecture and Planning at M.I.T., said the chief reason for supertall buildings is symbolic.
The announcement came only months after AvalonBay Communities began work on the first of three apartment houses at the 74-acre Queens West site, across the East River from the United Nations.
Even so, the report was something of a bright spot in an economy haunted by huge companies burdened by huge debt loads.
He said cutbacks in the financial services industry could have a major impact on the office market in Manhattan.
''All industries are under pressure, but we would certainly expect the banks to underperform,'' he said.
In a parallel investigation, the Federal Reserve is examining whether Crédit Lyonnais violated bank reporting requirements.
THE artists came bearing gifts: not gold, frankincense and myrhh but ornaments of Plexiglas, photo collage and canvas.
She badgers her three workers about her need to return to Venice, ''the city of amore,'' so she can find the lover she abandoned -- she took off with his money, too -- and receive his forgiveness before she dies.
They point out that the government of President Déby is really a cabal of his ethnic group, the Zaghawa, which fought a devastating civil war to grab power a decade ago, and not a real government with the checks and balances to manage a budget, much less an oil windfall.
''The rain would run out the pipe, down the hill and across the street,'' said Jeff Scholl, a fifth grader, referring to the hardtop road that leads into the school parking lot.
''They said they were interested in hand-held G.P.S, especially Garmin units,'' Mr. Torrey said.
nervous,'' said Susan Desmond-Hellmann, Genentech's chief medical officer.
The polemics of the United Nations conference on racism in Durban, South Africa, demonstrate newspeak at its finest.
Authorities said Mr. Almrei had direct connections to Nabil al Marabh, 34, who was arrested in the United States on Sept. 19 by the F.B.I., on suspicion that he may have been involved in providing false documents used by the Sept. 11 hijackers.
The first significant course change in 10 years will require runners to enter Central Park at Fifth Avenue and 90th Street, instead of at 102nd Street, in order to bypass the steep incline at the 25-mile mark.
Mr. Holt, a former assistant director of the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory, said he considered the environment and related concerns about suburban sprawl and open space part of a cluster of issues that had helped him prevail in an area long considered safely Republican.
But the scandal this month has worn out his chancellor's patience.
11 may establish new normal levels,'' Mr. Beemer said, referring to sales at retail stores.
Within a month, bowled over by his charm, his yarns, his exotic past, his intelligence and his beguiling helplessness, she had invited him to live with her.
As we pull back down the endless driveway, my mouth feels dry, my throat aches and I am dizzy.
After engineers inspected 170 buildings, the number tagged as unsafe or potentially unsafe climbed to 80, from 34 the day before, he said.
The Officers, Trustees and members of The Church Club of New York mourn the passing of our beloved Trustee and Vice President George R. LeSauvage Jr. on November 5.
We marvel at how quick and witty and grown he has become.''
The five performances at the Harvey Theater at the academy -- in Swedish with simultaneous translation through headsets -- are part of an arrangement between the academy and the Royal Dramatic Theater of Sweden, known as Dramaten, which has already brought eight other Bergman productions to Brooklyn.
By her count, she has called 911 at least a dozen times in recent years.
''We sold all the rappers their chains.
I'm always stretched for time.
Whether the courts will ultimately agree with Mr. Yoshino's arguments is not certain, but he is not easily discouraged.
''I really see buyers and sellers coming together,'' Mr. Thomas said.
Iraqi opposition groups abroad, and the State Department's annual human rights reports, have declared for years that Uday Hussein, now 36, has a history of violent and unpredictable behavior.
Al Jazeera has a regular feature in which it briefly replays historical scenes and events that took place on that calendar day.
Lawyers for the city's Campaign Finance Board and for the Republican mayoral candidate Herman Badillo square off in a court hearing today over the board's decision to disqualify about $20,000 from the total amount of contributions he needs to qualify for public matching funds.
But several people close to Mr. Karmazin pointed out that he remarried in the spring and wanted to liquidate some of his holdings.
But there we were, with the other ordinary customers, in the front of the big street-level dining room, near the tanks of live lobsters, eels and other future treats, watching a pair of newlyweds celebrate.
David Brock, a former writer for the magazine, said Mr. Olson's role on its board was ''to cover up, not to clean up,'' the effort against the Clintons, known as the Arkansas Project.
I can't remember when I met him for the first time.
It was not until the men, who Ms. Spector said told her they were undercover police officers chasing two homicide suspects, learned that they had stopped a famous recording star that they let the family go, without searching the car, Ms. Spector said.
Until the slowdown started last summer, business investment had grown by well over $100 billion a year.
Iran is listed by the State Department as the world's most active state sponsor of terrorism, largely because of its support for anti-Israeli groups, particularly the Lebanese Hezbollah.
Like the others, Anish and Nirav had theoretical discussions about imitating the scheme.
It just leaves you alone with yourself.''
No injuries have been reported as a result of the lead contamination, state and local officials said.
The organization has also turned to major producing nations outside its ranks, asking that they, too, pledge not to increase output.
You are not an actor if you don't practice your craft, and the solo show is nothing if not a workout.
''We walked on the field and they were walking around like they were going to beat us.
Then one night, we started out at his apartment for aperitifs.
The wife of a coldhearted Parisian banker conducts a long-distance platonic relationship with a Washington power broker who is also trapped in an empty marriage.
The layoffs this week, affecting all areas of the firm, bring total job cuts to 600 this year, more than one-third of Robertson Stephens's work force.
According to the Internet consultancy Jupiter Media Metrix, 59 percent of online buyers start at least some of their shopping excursions by typing a product name into a search site.
The strongest image, which appears three times in the show, is of the Brooklyn Bridge, a widely accepted symbol of modern life.
''It is kind of surprising because it's the first time that I've ever had a serious foot injury,'' Rice said.
Experienced tap artists and rising young tap dancers will gather together in a clatter of feet.
Tonight at 6, Martin Lass, violinist, with Inge Verhoef and band; at 8, Lucille Carr-Kaffashan, singer, with David Brunetti, pianist; at 8, ''The Next Big Broadway Musical,'' improvisational musical comedy; at 10, ''Friday Nite Comedy Fest,'' stand-up musical comedy; at 11, Blanca Dominguez, stand-up comedy.
His lease is up in a year also; a big rent increase.
Without the cold water, it is too hot to stay more than five minutes.
(In the view of Senator John W. Warner of Virginia, the ranking Republican on the Armed Services Committee, General Ralston's affair would not be an issue this time, should he come before the Senate for confirmation.)
The deal is good through Dec. 15.
The demise of its pipeline means that Turkmenistan will probably sell its gas to Russia, increasing Moscow's control over supplies in the region, or to Iran, both prospects that dismay American officials.
In the sequel he and his friends have completed a year of college and are in full sexual frenzy.
''We stuck with the Cubs through thick and thin -- well, there wasn't really any thick,'' said Mr. Horning, a retired copy editor at The St. Petersburg Times.
The thing is, the A's, so young, so carefree, so rich with pitching, are poised to snatch that decisive game.
I believe this young man did something very, very wrong in that room.
And the real disincentive for performers is the clavichord's notoriously soft voice.
Tuesday at 12:30 p.m. Center for Law and Justice, 123 Washington Street, Newark.
''On that Friday, we were trying to figure out how to scrape the snow off the field,'' he said.
''Sometimes you've got to get your mouth into it,'' he explained, once his mouth was free.
Few men who come to her coaching firm, the Growth and Leadership Center, are labeled bullies, with the vast majority sent to learn how to delegate or handle stress better.
Cherished grandfather to Griffin, Max, Taylor, Jake, and Sydney.
(49-941) 58997, open Tuesday through Sunday for lunch and dinner, Monday for dinner only.
Inside, she said, she was startled to discover that plutonium was being stored in simple metal buckets.
As everyone knows, we've done a lot of work on him.
THE book also contains off-color visual puns that, like sexual images in dreams, can cause discomfort.
''Having civilians sitting in those seats is very normal,'' the retired admiral said.
But he said no solution of the scientific problem would ambush philosophers and theologians, many of whom have already worked the Big Bang into their worldviews -- a judgment shared heartily by Dr. Guth.
A New Jersey native who said he always dreamed of becoming a chef, Mr. Gilbert enrolled at the Culinary Institute of America in Hyde Park as soon as he got out of high school and by age 21 was a sous chef at the Water Club in New York.
''But simplification will not be simple.''
The 68-cent average forecast for the fourth quarter probably is too low, Target said.
Matt Foreman, the executive director of the Empire State Pride Agenda, countered that gays, like blacks and other minorities, have historically been ostracized and denied equal treatment by landlords, employers and government officials.
A second plaintiff, Honora Gibbons, 39, who then worked at Beth Israel Medical Center, said she was run over by a horse and kicked in the head.
Ian Paisley, a hard-line unionist politician known for his fiery ''no surrender'' tirades against ''Rome rule,'' counts a few Roman Catholic voters among his supporters, because he represents their local interests on issues like education and health care.
The monks had not turned on the television for the Vietnam War, the Kennedy assassination, the Challenger explosion or the Oklahoma City bombing.
Then the new generation of filmmakers, hip to global culture and emulating independent, idiosyncratic directors like Jaime Humberto Hermosillo (''Dona Herlinda and Her Son'') and Arturo Ripstein (''Deep Crimson''), began making their own movies.
Is there one play in which she would someday like to try the lead? ''
The plan would alter an institution that served 200,000 people last year and that still has small touches of its long past, like the words ''Railroad Branch'' carved above the front door.
Belgrade was suddenly a partner, and the Yugoslav army, with better oversight, was allowed back into part of the buffer zone, to help stop the flow of insurgents in and out of Macedonia.
More than half of sexually active young women become infected with H.P.V.
Our passage took 82 days 20 hours 21 minutes 2 seconds, a full 20 days later than we could have reached here, and we were racing every minute.
forced the Raiders, then in Los Angeles, to abandon plans in 1995 to build a new stadium at Hollywood Park in suburban Inglewood, Calif.
Since the closing, about 20 percent of the Garden City workers have been hired by ConAgra plants in other cities, including Grand Island, Neb., and Dumas, though Garden City officials and former workers say many have returned here, unable to find housing or reluctant to uproot their families.
He got back on defense, even when it was three-on-one.
''If we really adhered to the five-year limit, we'd be in worse shape,'' said Wendell E. Primus, income security director at the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities here and formerly a welfare official in the Clinton administration.
''Have I told Jean this?
Weeks This Last On Week Week List Nonfiction 1 1 3 ICE BOUND, by Jerri Nielsen with Maryanne Vollers.
What the Stars Mean **** -- Extraordinary *** -- Excellent ** -- Very Good * -- Good None Poor to Satisfactory Price Range Based on the cost of a three-course dinner, per person, tax, tip and drinks not included.
Including good-will amortization, stock-based compensation and other charges, the company lost $11.3 million, or 51 cents a share.
''Swordfish'' features Mr. Travolta, Ms. Berry, HUGH JACKMAN and no hip-grinding disco scenes.
On September 11, 2001 during the performance of his duties as a New York City firefighter (Safety Batallion).
Many of the big stables plant miniature gardens outside their tents for the season: dwarf palms, begonias, camellias arrayed in lush miniature lawns.
More than 700 contestants participate in the oil wrestling tournament, most of them in the free-weight category but also youngsters, some not yet into their teens, who are classed by age.
''It looks like them, but they're having a good day.
Activated F Tyrone Nesby from the injured list.
''We made an agreement we wouldn't do anything that promotes cigarettes or alcohol,'' Hilarie says.
Not even the presence of a black mayor and black police commissioner changed the pattern.
That creates, appropriately, an unusually great concern with respect to volatility on Monday.''
Mr. MacGregor, 55, has been director of the National Gallery in London for 15 years.
They contend that the postponed missile-tracking tests were scientifically pointless and were concocted by the Pentagon mainly to bolster its complaint that the treaty is constraining.
''I've got 67 season tickets,'' he said early last week.
Hampton is three shy of the record for pitchers, set by Cleveland's Wes Ferrell in 1931.
If the Legislature passed such a measure, the impasse over the budget would probably continue until at least mid-September, breaking previous records for late budgets.
Sidetracks, a gift shop owned by Charlene Keilty, the chef's wife, reopened just up Route 7 on Nov. 11.
On the inside, however, they are more like the turbulent weather formations caused by the collision of tropical and arctic air masses.
''Twenty-two years without a disciplinary write-up meant nothing to the parole board,'' Sinclair writes of his latest bid for release.
Box 2189, Vineyard Haven, MA.
They can ratify a writer's distinctive vision and the depth and range of his talent, as ''The Stories of John Cheever'' did so powerfully in 1978.
Mr. Ferrer's aides now describe the earlier comment as unfortunate and note that Mr. Ferrer long ago apologized.
A 1978 law provides for up to 14 years in prison for an Australian who joins a guerrilla organization or acts as a mercenary.
Andy Williams, the boy held in the Santana shootings, is 15.
Is it veteran chef Patrice Hardy's intriguing food or the frisson of the minimalist scene?
Three relievers finished a six-hitter.
While some of those arrested were bit players caught in the hysteria of a bloodthirsty crowd, the police said that many suspects were connected to a well-organized syndicate that for a fee cleverly engineered murders to look like witch hunts.
Much of the expenses were in police overtime; at times, one-third of the town's police force was monitoring ticket buyers standing in long lines, town officials said.
* ''NEW WORLDS: GERMAN AND AUSTRIAN ART, 1890-1940,'' Neue Galerie New York, Museum for German and Austrian Art, 1048 Fifth Avenue, at 86th Street, (212) 628-6200 (through Feb. 18).
The United States could lead an effort to block further desperately needed loans from the International Monetary Fund -- and this after General Musharraf had already taken politically difficult steps over the last year to raise taxes and cut subsidies as the I.M.F.
Come during the first days, when he's scheduled to appear, and you might even run into Mr. Widmark himself.
Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee, who will meet in India from July 14 to 16 with the Pakistani military ruler, Gen. Pervez Musharraf, announced that the prisoners, some held in Indian jails for years, would go home as soon as legal formalities are completed.
Helen and Joel Lefkowitz MENDIK-Bernie.
''In some ways this is a very small town,'' Mr. Bauman said.
After shoulder surgery last September, Mendoza's threshold is about 75 pitches.
It makes a welcome change from the standard Chinatown decor, which always seems to originate in a hotel distress sale.
Some people argued that playing the first two games on the road negated any advantage the team had with the extra home game, so the format was changed.
Governors and legislatures took account of the decline and passed budgets that called for average revenue growth of 2.3 percent in the 2002 fiscal year, which began in most states on July 1.
Journalists found guilty of violating media rules could face up to three years in jail or fines of up to $1,000.
His first major show at the Whitney, the current ''BitStreams'' (through June 10), consists of computer-aided art and might seem to suggest that his aesthetic preferences tend toward the digitally correct.
Karen Cerulo, associate professor of sociology at Rutgers who is an expert on symbolism, has been closely watching Halloween stores and front lawns this year and sees the public dividing into two camps.
The band's members were cautious, waiting to see if the company was indeed about to get a ''term sheet,'' a venture capital contract.
He was forced to the disabled list last season after tearing his right groin muscle.
I thought, ''Oh, Italy, great food, this will be terrific.''
In a strange bit of luck for many news shows, the dry winds have spread brush fires throughout the outlying hills, giving helicopters plenty to chase outside the no-fly zone.
Suddenly the church and Cornwall itself were caught in a moral knot worthy of an Eagle Scout.
are right, the arrest of Mr. Hanssen ends the spying operation of one of the most dangerous and longest-surviving moles ever to betray his country, perhaps the most damaging since Aldrich H. Ames, the C.I.A.
Raiders, 30-20 MONDAY 9 P.M. Baltimore (5-3) at Tennessee (3-4) Under Baltimore Coach Brian Billick, the Ravens have won 18 of 21 games after Nov. 1, including the playoffs.
''Russia is an enormous country, and there are plenty of opportunities,'' David J. O'Reilly, Chevron Texaco's chief executive, said in an interview.
Now the economic losses suffered by about 1.3 million residential gas users, 43,000 businesses and 200,000 workers are being laid at Esso's door.
If I do, I'll order it again, but I'll be amazed if I like it as much as Chez Dominique's version, a flat, sprawling beauty that covered most of its large plate.
The College of New Jersey women's lacrosse team had just beaten the visitors from Frostburg State University, 18-4.
With her handsome leather satchel and discreet gold jewelry, her dark hair pulled back from her pretty face in a neat bun, she projected, as she walked up to greet me, an air of cool, academic professionalism.
These farms take Visa and MasterCard.
A20 NEW YORK/REGION B1-8 Astoria Fire Is Traced To 2 Boys' Playful Accident City fire investigators believe that the hardware store fire that killed three firefighters and seriously injured a fourth was the result of roughhousing by two teenage boys, who knocked over a can of gasoline, starting a deadly chain of events.
The long-running saga began four years ago when the college announced with great fanfare that it had lured Dr. Montagnier to the Flushing campus and planned to build a $30 million AIDS research center where he would work.
This film is rated PG.
In ''The Soul of Battle'' (1999) he examined ''democratic marches'' led by Epaminondas of Thebes into the Peleponnese in 370-369 B.C., by Sherman through Georgia in 1864 and by Patton into Germany in 1944-45.
The most interesting, perhaps, is a cup awarded the winner of a slalom race skied by firefighters in uniform.
''I am going there with an open heart.''
Dr. Alan Guth, a physicist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said that if the Brookhaven experiments succeed, as appears close, the behavior of the stuff they make would be ''very similar to what we would expect in the early universe,'' around 10 microseconds after the moment of creation.
Still for Putnam Valley it was not a bad show.''
For all of the happy talk surrounding the entry of Japanese players into Major League Baseball, Japanese baseball should learn a lesson from the defunct Negro leagues or risk a similar fate.
(2000) begins with a 1930's Mississippi chain gang singing mournfully, and George Clooney looks great in chains and horizontal strips.
But however friendly or hostile the relationship between AT&T and Comcast becomes, the ultimate disposition of AT&T's cable assets may not be known for months.
We extend our deepest sympathies to his wife, Kay Murray.
A1 Battle Against AIDS Having won big price cuts for AIDS drugs sold in poor countries, groups in the fight against the epidemic are now pressing for a far broader line of attack.
He added, ''I hope and believe that this takes bankruptcy off the table.''
HOCKEY National Hockey League ATLANTA THRASHERS--Reassigned F Zdenek Blatny, Rob Brown, Vyacheslay Butsayev, Simon Gamache, Dave Kaczowka, Derek MacKenzie, Steve Maltais, Dan Plante, Steve Rymsha, Ben Simon, Jarrod Skalde, Roger Trudeau, D Garnet Exelby, Jay Langager, Bob Nardella, Luke Sellars and G Tyrone Garner to Chicago of the AHL.
''It's extremely difficult to run a profitable small firm in today's world with the overhead that we have and our technology needs,'' she said.
Thirteen films were submitted this year, said John Pavlik, a spokesman for the academy.
''I'm sure that's one of the things that the benefit people considered.''
In contrast, the same component in today's transistors is about 500 nanometers in width.
In announcing the Supreme Court's decision in the landmark case of University of California Regents v. Bakke, Justice Powell argued that ''ethnic diversity'' was ''only one element in a range of factors a university properly may consider in attaining the goal of a heterogeneous student body.''
The details of the requirements, like the amount of explosive that the systems must reliably detect, are classified, but the agency recently toughened the detection standard, the vice president of InVision, Frederick F. Muntz, said.
What services are we contracting out for?
More than that, Daniels's Endzone has been a meeting place for Raiders, past and present.
Sixteen more qualifying rounds will be played, with the top eight teams advancing to knockout playoffs.
''Maybe that's worth exploring at the festival.''
9 1 EASY PREY, by John Sandford.
ARGALL By William T. Vollmann.
But in the back of my mind I was heeding it as a warning.
Syria would be much more willing to cooperate with us.
The pacts, project labor agreements, are between unions and builders and are negotiated for one project at a time; they set wages and benefits for all workers and companies involved in a given project.
Six of those credits will come this semester, at the SUNY campus here in New Paltz, where she is taking two courses: The Ancient World and Sexual Discrimination and the Law.
When Notre Dame closed to 70-64 in the final minute and David Graves stole the ball for Notre Dame, Griffin knocked the ball from behind to Pirates guard Andre Barrett.
She had brought along a camera to take photos for her co-workers at AAA Signs.
As in Oklahoma City, the downtown here is a bit gap-toothed -- it's largely a patchwork of parking lots interrupted by the occasional building -- but has some extraordinary Art Deco structures worth looking at, including the Kress Building (1932), the landmark Santa Fe Building (1929) and the late-Deco Greyhound bus terminal (built in 1949, it now also houses offices).
Life without her is unimaginable.
The authorities have for the moment all but ruled out one possible source: Amir Omerovic, 27, of Derby, who was arrested this month and charged with mailing letters threatening anthrax contamination to Governor Rowland and to other state and federal government offices.
Columns: Gail Collins, Thomas L. Friedman.
Equal is made of dextrose with maltodextrin and aspartame.
The story is of course a morality tale, but it is also a fierce social commentary.
The Stamford Center for the Arts in Connecticut is planning to stage his play ''Crossing the Double White Line'' in the fall.
Robin Denise Countee, the daughter of Jane A. Countee and Dr. Roger W. Countee of Watchung, N.J., was married on Friday to Myles Christopher Pistorius, a son of Cassandra A. Pistorius and Frederick E. Pistorius of Marlton, N.J.
Sales are up almost 40 percent over last year, and as a result, the 30-minute tan has all but supplanted the distasteful heliotropic kind.
''She was brought in to evaluate some of the financial processes at the company,'' said Bill Nelson, a senior vice president at EMC who worked with Ms. Hopkins briefly before leaving Lucent in January.
He noted that ''the jury found that Garza was responsible for eight murders.''
The wife of a coldhearted Parisian banker conducts a long-distance platonic relationship with a Washington power broker who is also trapped in an empty marriage.
(+) Weeks This On Week List Advice, How-to and Miscellaneous: Paperback 1 68 THE FOUR AGREEMENTS, by Don Miguel Ruiz.
In November and December, by contrast, fewer people were walking into Union Park's showrooms to look at Hondas, Fords and BMW's, and sales dropped 4 percent -- or by 21 vehicles -- compared with the previous year.
''The Films of William Randolph Hearst,'' through April 1.
Orenstein, a slight, nervous man with a reputation as a worrier, merely shrugs.
COMMANDER CODY, Bottom Line, 15 West Fourth Street, at Mercer Street, (212) 502-3471.
2 Companies Warn on Earnings Two financial services companies said last week's attacks would significantly reduce their earnings.
However the prompt arrival of the troops ordered by Major General Sigel restored matters to their previous status -- the mines are in operation but the loyal people there live in a state of terror, several brutal murders having been committed within a few weeks.
In an interview last year with The Financial Times, Mr. Bashiruddin Mahmood said he opposed the treaty on the ground that Pakistan needed to carry out test explosions to develop peaceful uses of atomic energy.
''It was one of the great experiences of my life to spend time with him.''
The consensus in the Grove is that children first started appearing on the beach in larger numbers in the early 1990's, often nieces and nephews of gays and lesbians.
As the press gets wind of his identity, he becomes increasingly distraught.
The Brady Act has also aided police in tracking criminals who use false identities and in fighting crime after the fact.
The generators, each about the size of a compact car and as loud as a jackhammer, were placed wherever they could fit on company property -- the side of the road, in the middle of the sidewalk, or tucked in a corner of the factory floor.
''We're trying to pick the perfect yellow,'' she said.
In the past, city workers have been sanctioned for borrowing money from subordinates or selling them used computers.
He finally signed with the Red Sox, which to some old Jesuits might appear to be a triumph of faith over reason.
Since she left South Carolina, Ms. Dennis has never forgotten the kindness of her aunt.
Miami, Chicago, Los Angeles and Columbus were the top four seeded teams and will have home-field advantage.
Mr. Richman said that some prisons he approached were wary of his plans, citing security problems or negative exposure.
The closings may lead to job losses.
''We have to start attracting candidates that stand for something, taking tough positions and being willing to make people angry in the short term, as long as you have an eye on the long term.''
Other recommendations: Briko's Cross Over Pro ($169) and the Leedom Cut ($140 to $160).
''Energy issues are a very high priority, and we've had the opportunity to provide some input into the process,'' Mr. Shapiro said.
In announcing the award, theKennedy Center said, ''As an actor she has been able to mine the humor in tragedy, and as a humorist she has never strayed far from the trying conditions that make us human and funny.''
In the Depression, affordable two-wheeled vehicles returned to Park Avenue for the first time since the 90's.
He feels misplaced until he discovers his ability to travel in time; it helps him make sense of his life.
Reggie Miller scored 24 points to lead the Pacers, who entered the game tied with Boston for the eighth and final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference.
doormen, oversize windows, parquet floors, marble bath, Hudson River view, health club and pool in building; common charge $460; taxes $4,440; listed at $489,000, 1 week on market (Broker: Corcoran Group) BRONX CITY ISLAND $250,000 687 King Avenue 2-bedroom, 1-bath, 75-year-old detached wood-frame house; eat-in kitchen, h/w floors, fireplace, rear patio, near private beach, needs extensive renovation, 1-car garage, 50-by-100-ft. lot; taxes $1,500; listed at $250,000, 1 week on market (Broker: Jacqueline Kyle Kall) RIVERDALE $160,000 735 Kappock Street 3-bedroom, 2-bath, 1,400-sq.-ft. co-op in a postwar building; part-time doormen, dining area, 2 terraces, Hudson River view; maintenance $1,087, 50% tax-deductible; listed at $185,000, 4 weeks on market (Broker: John Edwards Real Estate) BROOKLYN BROOKLYN HEIGHTS $385,000 160 Columbia Heights 1-bedroom, 1-bath, 900-sq.-ft. co-op in a postwar building; part-time doormen, dining area, h/w floors, 2 exposures; maintenance $1,100, 50% tax-deductible; listed at $385,000, 1 week on market (Broker: Harbor View) CROWN HEIGHTS $330,000 437 Eastern Parkway 2-family, 3-story prewar wood-frame house; 3 bedrooms, 1 1/2 baths, dining room in primary duplex; 2 bedrooms, 1 bath in simplex; eat-in kitchen, original moldings and detail in each; finished basement, 20-by-48-ft. lot; taxes $1,300; listed at $349,000, 16 weeks on market (Broker: Brooklyn Bridge Realty) PARK SLOPE $379,000 747 Union Street 2-bedroom, 1-bath, 1,200-sq.-ft. co-op in a prewar building; renovated kitchen, fireplace, pine floors, washer/dryer in unit, original moldings and detail; maintenance $525, 45% tax-deductible; listed at $379,000, 1 week on market (Broker: Brooklyn Properties of 7th Avenue) QUEENS FLUSHING $284,000 163-09 72nd Avenue 3-bedroom, 2-bath, 66-year-old colonial; renovated eat-in kitchen and baths, family room, home office, finished basement, 1-car garage, 20-by-90-ft. lot; taxes $1,471; listed at $289,888, 1 week on market (Broker: ReMax/Millennium) JAMAICA ESTATES $439,000 184-46 Cambridge Road 4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 66-year-old colonial; dining room, eat-in kitchen, den, 40-by-100-ft. lot; taxes $2,701; listed at $439,000, 1 week on market (Broker: Goller & Costi) STATEN ISLAND HEARTLAND VILLAGE $147,000 45 McDivitt Avenue 2-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 1,158-sq.-ft. condo in a 15-year-old building; entry foyer, dining area, den, eat-in kitchen, c/a; common charge $116; taxes $1,200; listed at $152,500; 1 week on market (Broker: Kingsley) LONG ISLAND BAYPORT $200,000 407 Bernice Drive 4-bedroom, 1-bath, 44-year-old colonial; dining room w/fireplace, family room, h/w floors, deck, 105-by-118-ft. lot; taxes $6,022; listed at $209,000, 10 weeks on market (Broker: Saltbox) EAST MEADOW $167,000 1633 Front Street 2-bedroom, 1-bath, 48-year-old Cape Cod; dining room, 2 unfinished rooms on second floor, full unfinished basement, 1-car attached garage, 113-by-60-ft. lot; taxes $2,051; listed at $169,990, 6 weeks on market (Broker: Celebrity) GLEN COVE $315,000 110 Forest Avenue 5-bedroom, 2-bath, 111-year-old colonial; eat-in kitchen, dining room, living room w/fireplace, sun room, 1-car detached garage, 0.14-acre-lot; taxes $7,500; listed at $335,000, 4 weeks on market (Broker: Goodstein Roslyn) CONNECTICUT BETHEL $295,000 12 Ridgedale Road 4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 34-year-old colonial; dining room, renovated kitchen, family room, semifinished basement, 2-car garage, 0.48-acre lot; taxes $3,604; listed at $309,900, 3 weeks on market (Broker: Prudential Connecticut) COS COB $569,000 6 Robertson Lane (Eastgate) 3-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 1,490-sq.-ft. condo in a 3-year-old building; dining area, eat-in kitchen with breakfast area, fireplace, bay window, finished basement, 1-car garage; common charge $200; taxes $3,965; listed at $569,000, 2 weeks on market (Brokers: Coldwell Banker/Greenwich; Van Hoesen Realty) NORWALK $249,500 21 Parallel Street 2-bedroom, 2-bath, 66-year-old ranch; dining room, kitchen with pantry, den, family room, 1-car garage, 0.13-acre lot; taxes $3,052; listed at $259,999, 9 weeks on market (Broker: Coldwell Banker) WESTPORT $495,000 9 Stone Drive 3-bedroom, 2-bath, 37-year-old raised ranch; dining room, family room, fireplace, h/w floors, 2-car garage, 0.61-acre lot; taxes $3,426; listed at $525,000, 3 weeks on market (Brokers: William Pitt Real Estate; ReMax/Heritage) NEW JERSEY OCEAN CITY $484,500 310 East Seaspray Road 4-bedroom, 2-bath, 73-year-old colonial; eat-in kitchen, deck off master bedroom, 37-by-110-ft. lot; taxes $3,202; listed at $498,000, 25 days on market (Broker: Richards Agency) RIVER EDGE $280,000 841 Bogert Road 3-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 24-year-old colonial; living room with fireplace, den, full basement, 1-car garage, 73-by-140-ft. lot; taxes $5,611; listed at $284,900, 3 weeks on market (Broker: Coldwell Banker) TENAFLY $545,000 11 Howard Park Drive 3-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 60-year-old colonial; c/a, fireplace, 1-car garage, 80-by-120-ft. lot; taxes $9,115; listed at $569,000, 32 days on market (Brokers: Weichert; Coldwell Banker) WESTCHESTER IRVINGTON $385,000 7 Cottontail Lane 3-bedroom, 2-bath, 43-year-old raised ranch; entry hall, living room-dining room w/fireplace, family room w/ fireplace, eat-in kitchen 0.21-acre lot; taxes $8,200; listed at $399,000, 14 weeks on market (Brokers: Houlihan/Lawrence; ReMax Prime Properties) OSSINING $422,500 32 Beach Road 3-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 31-year-old raised ranch; entry hall, family room w/fireplace, eat-in kitchen, screened porch, 0.9-acre lot; taxes $14,800; listed at $459,500; 16 weeks on market (Broker: Houlihan/Lawrence) PURCHASE $1.9 million 21 Beverly Road 6-bedroom, 5 1/2-bath, 21-year-old colonial; entry hall, library w/fireplace, eat-in kitchen, 1.37-acre lot; taxes $23,446; listed at $1.995 million, 11 weeks on market (Brokers: Julia B.
West Virginia (13-7, 4-5 Big East) blew a double-digit lead and won despite making a season-low 6 of 17 free throws.
''His neck was a little sore before the warm-ups, and we decided to keep him out,'' Lou Lamoriello, the Devils' president and general manager, said of Mogilny, who has 24 goals in his last 25 games and four in his last two.
It is significant that we are in Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts.
At a Closing, the Check Writing Never Seems to End At the closing last week for the house Pat Alberelli and her son Angelo Infelice bought for $194,900, checks were written for the following services and taxes: Title company, $3,675, including mortgage tax and state, county and town taxes for 2001 that are due next month.
Texas artists are featured at Stephanie's Collection, 2546 Elm Street, (214) 752-5588; www.stephaniescollection.com.
The plane created an hourlong distraction for the event, sponsored by Merrill Lynch, the latest in a series of protests by a vocal group of women, former and current brokers, who were part of a class-action lawsuit the firm settled three years ago.
It was something I'll never forget.''
Benard's blast -- just his second homer in a dismal season -- capped a five-run fifth inning that began with slumping Snow's third homer of the year.
But in general, for alliance forces to break through Taliban lines or around the cities of Mazar-i-Sharif and Galoqan in northern Afghanistan, several days of unyielding strikes should be carried out in one place, alliance leaders back in the Bagram area say.
To the Editor: Re ''Increasingly, Schools Move to Restrict Dodgeball'' (news article, May 6): It's disturbing that educators are only now figuring out the evils of dodgeball.
Daughter of the late Arthur and Betty Rieger of Glen Head, NY, died January 25, 2001.
One prohibits public servants from using ''city letterhead, personnel, equipment, resources or supplies for any noncity purpose.''
''So we are primed to react.
Its style seems wildly polyglot.
He tried waving his arm.
St. Louis (12-2) marvels at the professionalism and dynamism of the soon-to-be 34-year-old cornerback and captain Aeneas Williams.
Richard H. Ebright, a microbiologist at Rutgers University who has followed the anthrax case and has read the Rosenberg paper, said he found it provocative but unconvincing.
The two other openings involve exhibits he designed: one for a Roman Catholic cultural center in Washington, the other for a history center on Ellis Island.
She never said that to me.
As it has for the last 313 years, one of the country's oldest existing corporations convened on a street corner in this South Jersey city.
They'll be transported on planes owned in whole or in part by their companies, or on charter flights, including some on fixed schedules, he said.
He added that since the new building will inevitably make maintenance on the letter writer's building more difficult, it may be prudent to hire an architect or engineer to confirm that the adjoining property owner has, in fact, complied with all applicable building and zoning laws.
''The family thinks it's a hate crime, and it's too far soon for the police to conclude it was a robbery.''
Music The Metropolitan Opera will perform Puccini's ''Bohème'' at 8 tonight at the Metropolitan Opera House in Lincoln Center.
Sunday at 3 p.m. Music Mountain, Route 63 near the junction of Route 126, and on Route 7, Falls Village, Conn.; (860) 824-7126.
But the worse the violence gets, the more everyone agrees that nobody can work on a final peace until the fighting abates.
JACQUES MAROIS, the general manager of the North American division of the circus, said that Cirque du Soleil looked at potential locations from the Meadowlands to Flushing before deciding on what he called ''a very thrilling site with the most unbelievable harbor view in the world.''
His father owns David M. Lesser Fine Antiquarian Books in Woodbridge, Conn.
But Van Gundy, referring to the numerous breaks he has received throughout his career -- such as becoming the Knicks' head coach despite having only one year of head-coaching experience, at the high school level -- said he did not think of himself as the underdog.
Dr. Mary Kathleen Jennings and Dr. Jonathan Ian Telsey were married last evening by Rabbi Robert Widom at Temple Emanuel in Great Neck, N.Y.
Bright spots were Brian Leetch leading the league's defensemen in scoring with 79 points and Radek Dvorak scoring 31 goals in a breakthrough season.
''I was really excited by the discovery,'' she said.
The Spurs were so balanced inside and out that Dallas never knew how to try stopping them.
''Not thinking about hockey for two to three days may be a good thing,'' Robinson said.
''The world doesn't really work for them the way it used to.''
But most of it went into growth and value funds.
Or was there some dark, mysterious conspiracy of forces at work?
The latest estimate is that California's failed experiment with deregulation will cost consumers $5 billion annually in increased rates.
In endorsing Mr. Ferrer, he said, ''we've picked a winner.''
The ardently anticipated revival of ''Follies,'' the first Broadway production since the original of 1971, certainly gets you thinking about the souring effects of time and of roads not taken.
That's when the 13th season of Midsummer Night Swing begins at the Josie Robertson Plaza at Lincoln Center.
There are 21 former Studio Company members in Ballet Theater, including three soloists, along with three apprentices.
Five minutes later, the sound of the jets suddenly became clearer, and the whistle of a bomb hurtling through the air grew louder and louder.
Both were said to have studied electronics in Hamburg and to have taken pilot training at a flying school in Florida last year.
The Citizens Budget Commission, a civic watchdog group, warned early on that the budget, ''with its mixture of increased recurring costs and reduced recurring revenues,'' was not ''prudent'' -- particularly in light of ''the weakening national and local economy.''
''We decided it would be very insensitive, while the city is torn apart,'' he said.
The ESPN properties compete for that desirable demographic group against the online and offline offerings of media giants like General Electric and Viacom.
Mr. Ferrer was preparing to cite his work rebuilding dilapidated housing as Bronx borough president, while urging that New York, in its rush to recover, not neglect problems with housing, health care and education.
''Your salary is at risk with your company,'' he said.
The 28-year-old Tkachuk said: ''It's unbelievable what's been going on here lately.
A European Union spokesman said today that the arrest warrant would probably not be in place until Jan. 1, 2004, because it still must be passed by the legislatures of all 15 member countries.
Describing the donor as a lovely man, Bobbie Frankfort, the board of education president, said, ''I think it's incredibly generous of Mr. Prussin to come forward with his offer, and we're hoping to work out a way that will satisfy the residents, especially those who live right by the field.''
Detroit, off to its best start in 11 years, had won 3 straight, 6 of 7 and 7 of its first 9.
About three miles east of Camp Rhino, the military has searched a terrorist installation that produced ''a good deal of materials and documentation and items to be tested for chemical, biological and radiation,'' according to Donald H. Rumsfeld, the defense secretary, who visited Afghanistan today.
The department has given some promotions since then, and maintains that minority managers hold 7 of the top 25 positions.
Mr. Hicks, who came to prominence in the 70's, has led a number of ensembles over the years -- big band, sextet, quintet.
AT&T knows that sustainable profits in the telecommunications business are built on owning networks.
This is, they believe, next year.
On sales of its electronic books through other retailers, Barnesandnoble.com will split its wholesale revenue 50-50 with authors and agents, matching Random House's terms.
''I get bombarded with so much information about cancer, that sometimes I don't listen,'' said Laraine Pohle, 59, of Brooklyn, who has had two bouts of breast cancer in the last decade.
Wedged in between is a lone photograph from a long-ago vacation with a forgotten boyfriend.
Robin Ventura took rare exception to a called third strike to end the sixth inning, dropping his bat in disbelief and waving at the outside part of the plate with his hand.
SENDEROFF-Benjamin, Peacefully, October 10, after a long illness.
Like a master of the English longbow sneering at weekend archers brandishing $1,500 high-tech compound bows, I have nothing but contempt for those who use gargantuan ergonomic shovels with aluminum alloy shafts and nonstick plastic blades.
The Brazilian government, which was opposed to a new I.M.F.
''We realize that our nation's shelters are overrun with unwanted animals,'' said the American Humane Association, which has both no-kill shelters and shelters that do kill animals among its members.
Magazine Jobless Feel Battered The first day of work for Mademoiselle's new beauty and health director, Alexandra Parnass, was supposed to be Sept. 11.
1976 -- The team moves to the Meadowlands; some fans do not.
Today those people do not welcome questions about their tech portfolios.
He said the time had come to turn the government over to younger talent.
INSIDE PITCH The Yankees have won 27 of their last 37 games in Camden Yards.
American policy on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict does negatively affect public attitudes in the Arab world toward the coalition's antiterrorism effort.
A key theme in the peace negotiations concerns whether the ball is in the Israelis' court or the Palestinians'.
Palladium is mainly used in catalytic converters and some laptop computer components, and its price has risen ninefold in the last five years, to $967.65 a troy ounce, on fears that supplies would prove inadequate for the needs of the auto and electronics industries.
He and his wife, Lynette, lived near his sister and her family on Staten Island.
Mr. Puck said he uses radicchio for the color -- and to be just a little different.
But soon she is en route to southeastern Mexico, the setting for ''The Power and the Glory,'' Greene's memorable story of the ''whiskey priest'' trapped in Mexico's postrevolutionary anticlerical repression.
Saturday at 2 and 7 p.m. Tickets: $20 and $25.
The other members of the judicial panel, Edwin H. Stern and Robert A.
Alan Buder, the chief operating and financial officer at Addwater, a San Francisco-based marketing company, said that when Mr. Epstein, a friend, told him about E2, ''it just struck a chord.''
Sotheby's and Sherry-Lehmann ended a five-year association in 1999.
''This is exactly the strength of true friendship.''
Donations in her memory may be made to the East End Hospice, P.O.
Mr. Maher replied: ''We have been the cowards, lobbing cruise missiles from 2,000 miles away.
With Checketts gone as president of the Garden, Sather answers primarily to Charles Dolan and James Dolan, the father and son who run the Cablevision business empire.
And there are many other programs that will no doubt be allocated a portion of the surplus, especially aid to farmers, benefits for veterans and federally financed medical research.
Patrick Walsh's Guide to Surviving Prostate Cancer,'' by Patrick C. Walsh and Janet Farrar Worthington, Warner Books, $25.95.
All priests are invited to concelebrate.
Prosecutors said they were satisfied with the convictions.
''It's recapturing the history of the city and its cultural genius that had been lost,'' said Professor Russo, who said the Palermo visit greatly energized this effort.
The first scenes of ''The Amazing Race'' may seem familiar to many New Yorkers.
Lucas has had two previous stints as an N.B.A.
The Concord Coalition, a group of deficit hawks who worry that the budget surplus will be squandered, is one interest in town that does not see significant change.
Similar products are available from 3Com, Linksys, Netgear and Kingston Technologies.
''Putting that collection back together gave her a lot of satisfaction.''
Black and solid, it contrasts markedly with the GameCube, a little purple box the size of a teapot.
The first four hitters in the Yankees' lineup were 4 for 35 in the last two nights, before Jeter singled to lead off the 12th against Wayne Gomes.
But she and her husband, Benedict P. Willis, also started a series of seminars for fathers, which she continued after his death.
''It's the fiscal irresponsibilty of the New Jersey Republican establishment,'' he said.
This film is rated R. WITH: Snoop Dogg (Jimmy Bones), Pam Grier (Pearl), Khalil Kain (Patrick), Ricky Harris (Eddie Mack), Clifton Powell (Jeremiah Peet), Bianca Lawson (Cynthia) and Michael T. Weiss (Lupovich).
How will our work change?
In a new report that is being met with a mixture of astonishment and sometimes disbelief, two Danish researchers say the placebo effect is a myth.
The opposition's deposed government still holds Afghanistan's seat in the United Nations and operates several embassies.
How can we allow our children to perpetrate such behavior?
He argues that private nursing homes are reaping enormous profits and banking them instead of plowing them back into capital improvements and increasing staff size.
That option, however, was effectively eliminated in June by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Mount Everett is nestled in the southwest corner of Massachusetts in a wonderfully wooded part of the Berkshires.
But PBS has long-term plans for digital broadcasting that are ambitious enough to put a strain on even the best-endowed stations.
A Jungian analyst might view these round, spoked images as mandala-form archetypes of wholeness and unity.
So, they said, the certificates were a useful remedy.
Ms. DeJong's lips appear, six sets of them, shimmering against the reflective metal, which makes her flesh sparkle.
''I said, no, that was crazy,'' Jim recalled.
In their midst is a box camera and cloth.
Ohno broke the mark of 2:15.383 set by Steve Robillard of Canada on Oct. 12.
Gianandrea Noseda conducts Puccini's ''Bohème,'' Offenbach's ''Contes d'Hoffmann'' and Donizetti's ''Lucia di Lammermoor.''
Books like Mr. Brokaw's or ''Flags of Our Fathers'' do not dwell on the powerful isolationist sentiment in America before Pearl Harbor.
We only wished to have a few more children.''
Mr. Gaudio asked a detective to check the billing name on Sana's cellphone, which her sister had given her.
''I've always talked about creating an underwater museum and this is what we're doing here,'' Dr. Ballard said.
''We're very fortunate, and this year, that really hit home.
''Here's what I want to do,'' Green said.
He was so intent that he brought in two competing online brokerage firms, TD Waterhouse and Ameritrade, as partners.
''They can really make the experience their own, which is so important to learning,'' she said.
There have been many efforts to build distribution technologies for video over the Internet, but none of them have been able to ''scale up'' to handle enough traffic to be economically feasible.
When everything is set up properly, you should see two monitors in the Settings tab in your Display properties box.
and hits the road to play Game 1 in a two-of-three-game series.
Annie still skulks around the seaport.
The shooters then roared away on motorcycles.
It found that in the eighth grade, half of all Catholic school students passed the state reading test, and 35 percent passed the math test.
Still, they want to ruin Miami's season, to crash the B.C.S.
Suppose candies and mints seriously erode the chewing gum market?
A man at the Amtrak display booth intently watched the little five-car model Acela Express buzz across the track, as if it were moving in something other than a circle.
At 5 feet 11 1/2 inches, Frazier was also more than three inches shorter than Ali.
Before Fusaichi Pegasus' victory last year, the favorite had not won the Derby since Spectacular Bid did so in 1979, and only 49 horses deemed the people's choice have visited the winner's circle.
Some Green staff members, being heterosexually single or married, did not match the profile of the group's customary adherents.
But easing by the Federal Reserve and spending on reconstruction and defense by the government will stimulate the economy, and the recession will end at some point.
The Labor Department, Ms. Mitchell said, told Gerald Shea, a senior A.F.L.-C.I.O.
''I said, 'What did he do?'
Retired president of John P. Maguire & Co., New York City, who served his country honorably as a Lieutenant, U.S. Navy, during W.W. II.
He's the pinwheel counterpart of Edward Scissorhands, the boy with the shears for hands, who couldn't stop himself from transforming every tree and shrub into topiary.
SAN JOSE STATE--Named Norman Joseph offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach, Ron Lee defensive coordinator and defensive backs coach, Earl Buckingham assistant head coach and defensive line coach, and Kyle O'Quinn tight ends coach.
Suggested retail prices are $6.99 for a potholder, $7.99 for a dish towel and $45 for a tablecloth.
ESTIMATED TAXES -- People who have substantial investment or self-employment income not subject to withholding taxes need to file quarterly estimated tax payments.
When someone says Sammy, for example, everyone knows he means Sosa.
''I feel like the vagina queens came down and selected me to serve.''
AT&T shares fell 38 cents, to $20.68.
It was absurdly high, some said.
The arrest of Mr. Gaztelu, 35, a hard-liner who is believed to have taken command of E.T.A.
Although Ms. Carson met with critical acclaim, she was not re-signed by the label.
Vaccinated cattle that acquire the virus may harbor infectious virus in their mouths and throats for up to 30 months, and vaccinated sheep can become similar viral vectors for nine months.
Though their performances are often lewd, noisy and inept, their presence is thought to be lucky.
Neighbors said Julian was a playful child and liked to play on the roof with his friends.
''What a powerful response to the trauma he had gone through.
In notes that Mr. Chertoff submitted to the committee, he said Justice Poritz had concerns about minority and female troopers when she was attorney general between 1994 and 1996.
Ms. Snider's instinct was correct.
(There are seven returning advertisers, including Reebok, Target and Visa.)
Mr. Riva cites the scene in ''Judgment at Nuremberg'' in which Dietrich, as a war widow, is called on to defend the innocence of the German people.
The jury heard testimony from four prosecution witnesses who had either received immunity for their cooperation or were convicted felons.
Freud's treatment of the adolescent ''Dora'' 100 years ago is an example of the dramatic change in the history of mental health treatment for women -- a striking contrast to the usual approach to women with hysteria, who were treated as if they were simply anatomical specimens.
* ''HEIST'' A professional thief (Gene Hackman) finds his life crumbling around him when he's caught by a security camera.
Dr. Sinder was born in Ediniti, Romania on September 5th, 1922 and came to the United States in December 1930.
In New Jersey, for example, the Montclair schools still have openings for children in more than 20 programs, with a focus on academic subjects, the arts and sports.
On average, companies still have a market value that is considerably higher compared with their current profits than the historical average.
Ameritrade said its customers made an average of 12 percent fewer trades a day in March than in February.
I don't know what happened.
An ''intelligent canvass,'' based on the facts, had shown the croakers to be wrong, claimed Wright.
Fifth Avenue South is one, a handsome, broad street that stretches for blocks and takes Worth Avenue as its model.
His big moment of fame was in 1979 with ''El Super,'' his well-received film about the longings and frustrations of a building superintendent in New York.
''I'm sure the plant is being operated in a secure way, but I don't know about the perimeter security.
But the recommendation given him today, which caught many on both sides of the issue by surprise, will make it politically easier for him to do so.
Many require customers to fill out electronic forms to contact a representative, but rarely do they offer a phone number.
SBC said it hired 3,800 technicians in the five states, invested more money in the network and offered rebates to appease customers.
And there are studios available.
TEXAS RANGERS--Agreed to terms with LHP Chris Haney on a minor league contract and assigned him to Oklahoma of the PCL.
With Flight 11, nonstop to Los Angeles, she kept a standing date for lunch with Lynn Blaylock of Irvine, Calif., who was supposed to meet her at the airport that morning.
That same survey suggested other reasons why Mr. Ferrer is putting less emphasis on rebuilding.
But in that position, he has dismayed many fellow Republicans by opposing the Bush administration proposal to drill for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, among other White House initiatives unpopular with environmentalists.
''In our experience with him, the work is going well,'' she said.
Hero's Tribute and A P Valentine, who were both injured late last year, made their 3-year-old debuts after disappointing Breeders' Cup races.
The New York club was also well represented by the immaculately restored New York 50 Marilee, the top boat in its Vintage Division, which is campaigned by a consortium of club members, including Larry Snoddon.
His mother is a Web site designer at Albright Computing in Wilmington.
He and other staff members booked rooms for most of the year at the neighboring Country Suites hotel, which the track owns, without reporting their market value on tax documents.
She was married for 23 years to A. James Donohue, an investment banker, who died in 1995.
To her, it was the most normal of things.
She, too, played because of an older brother, Richard, who became her teacher and protector growing up in Fairfield, Conn., never making her feel different.
And Karl Löwith became a distinguished scholar of modern historical consciousness.
He met with a client downstairs, then had two managers and his assistant read over the memo.
supervision to a secret assembly point in Texas and then to Washington from where they left the country on a private charter plane when airports reopened three days after the attacks.
But Mr. Capra and other traders said that there were alternatives that could provide enough market transparency, although it would not be as good.
''Are they waiting for someone to die?
The Fed usually has one component of the unemployment report a few days in advance, providing a sense of employment trends among manufacturers.
Markensy Francois, 15, a friend of Mr. Ballard's who lives in the building, said he had heard another account from people who had spoken to the survivors.
A new report from the Foundation Center, a nonprofit research group in New York, says that West Coast foundations had assets of $107.1 billion in 1999, an increase of 31.9 percent from the previous year.
Many women in Kabul still wear their burkas -- because they always have, or because their families demand it.
Entry-level and midlevel homes were selling at a faster rate than more expensive homes, reversing a seven-year trend.
A Los Angeles jury rejected the suit.
In the public activities, there is also a concert by an a cappella chorus at 8 p.m. on Friday at Sts.
He was feeling better yesterday, but he stayed on the sideline during practice.
This estimable chamber chorus, made up of singers who really are virtuosos and directed ably by Harold Rosenbaum, gives the fifth in a series of six concerts that began last season called ''Voice of the Century.''
My ample room at the 22-room Acorn Motel, 600 West State Street, (828) 669-7232, cost $54.50, including tax.
NATO insisted that it had no intention of wading into a third Balkans peace enforcement mission.
Richard J. Miller, president of Eden Toys, a 60-year-old Manhattan maker, said, ''No matter what the largest firms do, Toy Fair will continue to be important to both the producers and retailers of toys.''
The new mayor is going to have to identify himself with reconstruction and with the anguish the city will still be recovering from.''
To avoid identifying the girl, authorities did not identify the man, who was being held on $100,000 bail.
Mike Richter underwent reconstructive surgery on his right knee to repair a torn anterior cruciate ligament and had surgery to repair a similar problem in his left knee the previous season.
He was also a member of the Virginia State Crime Commission and the Virginia Industrial Development Authority.
In addition to formal studies at Berufs-Oberschule and OHM Polytechnic Engineering School, both in Nuremburg, he trained by working at several companies, including Faunwerke, a truck and military equipment supplier; Siemens, an electronics company, and Deutz, a diesel engine maker.
''I was scribbling notes as fast as I could,'' Gerson said.
So to those who think that Mr. Bush should be released from his promises because of the weak economy: think again.
Tickets, $250, or $100 for the performance alone, from (212) 349-6009, ext.
Nearby stands a green board Mr. Blieden surfed on last year, now used mostly to adorn his largely bare walls.
Mr. bin Laden worked best with small groups, Mr. Anas said.
has increased monitoring of security at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago after a man was allowed to pass through a United Airlines security station carrying weapons, including a stun gun.
She couldn't stop watching him, though.
A huge bowl of bedrock many miles across, the basin lying at the northern edge of the fault zone is thought to have been created when the south side of the fault slipped up and the north side slid down, creating a depression.
Since 1998, Mariners pitcher Aaron Sele is 69-35.
The Taliban made the same mistake as the Communists, thinking that Islam could somehow transcend the old tribal structure and reprogram the thinking of Afghan peasants.
Saarinen wrote that he intended the T.W.A.
She gets no mail or phone calls.
As the goldsmith Veit Pogner, whose daughter's hand is the prize in the masters' singing competition, Mr. Pape has appeared opposite such noteworthy artists as José van Dam, Falk Struckmann, John Tomlinson and Bernd Weikl in the role of Sachs, and has ambitions to sing it himself in five years or so.
''A lady poured hot water on my leg,'' said Ms. Howell, who last summer was working in a convenience store, earning $7 an hour, when a co-worker accidentally spilled a pot on her.
After all, the man has four and a half billion dollars.
Mr. Bowen is adamant that Road Recovery not be preachy.
Unfortunately they were either eaten or tossed into the street by the neighborhood squirrels.
The sports world is littered with Brian Schwans.
''I don't want to be one of those guys saying, 'I could have done this, or I could have done that.'
''Early indications are that many are disabled or need significant rehabilitation,'' said Dennis Nowak, a spokesman for the Department of Social Services.
It was partly the wine and partly the motion.
Mutter then joined the ensemble for a brilliant performance of Tartini's ''Devil's Trill'' Sonata, presented in a unabashedly full-throated arrangement for soloist and string ensemble by the Italian verismo opera composer Riccardo Zandonai.
''I actually moved here from San Francisco, but this was the worst I ever felt.''
Cutting trash pickups saved $500 a week.
But he thinks the dollar is falling because the outlook for the United States economy is a little bleaker, which could be bad for American and foreign stocks.
Young visitors will also learn safety tips from Hot Dog, the fire department's Dalmatian mascot.
Israeli tanks and soldiers were still stationed today near Mr. Arafat's compound here.
The control and spread of this lethal virus will stop only when H.I.V.
That's heartening in the social justice sense, but it's also troublesome for labor's future.
The Metrostars also announced that 16 of their 32 games will be broadcast by the Madison Square Garden cable network and that eight games will be shown by ESPN, ESPN2 and Telemundo, the Spanish language network.
Died June 16, 2001 at home, at the age of 99.
The judges have been sifting through boxes of evidence as well as determining the format for a second phase of the proceedings, when the accused will be allowed to appear with their lawyers.
The two actors first found themselves onstage together in David Hare's ''Plenty'' in 1978.
Mr. McLaughlin used the City Park scenario as a subject for a class he taught at Pace law school called ''environmental justice.''
Or the amiable stoicism of people who have been spending nights near Central Park's Delacorte Theater, waiting for tickets to Chekhov's ''Seagull.''
Perhaps because capitalist principles have been suppressed on Broadway by other forces: Shame.
''He wasn't the same person after that,'' Mr. Rodriguez said.
''It has caused a lot of confusion up to this point.''
The police supervisor said that if help had been summoned just after the shooting, the girl might have survived.
When Israelis receive a notice from the government, they must replace or renew their gas masks, in case Iraq or another neighbor starts heaving missiles this way.
Even as the economy worsens, the giant Procter & Gamble, the most prominent corporation with headquarters here, is still relying on a softer approach to shrinking its work force, offering early retirement packages and other incentives instead of handing out pink slips.
Piazza had treatment on the arm and said the injury was not serious.
Cienfuegos and Jones got assists.
''We should have looked more closely into the company that bought the advertising.''
ARCI'S PLACE, 450 Park Avenue South, at 30th Street, (212) 532-4370.
The revelry, from 3 to 9 p.m., is meant to prime guests for a big Saturday night on the town, hence the event's name.
Please tell us the steps you would take.
Even in this memoir -- deliberately rough, like biting down on an aching tooth -- she dives into a pool of clichés the way a horseman might gallop into a ring of fire, sputtering and going under, or singed; but what matters is the angular, arrogant surge that gets writer or rider through.
as a lawless agency that, with the help of corrupt federal judges, illegally imprisons people who do not pay taxes.
Most of the Afghan fighters wear sneakers or shoddy boots and lightweight outer garb, maybe a sweater, with a blanket-coat over their shoulders.
Friends may call at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave. at 81 St. on Thursday, 7-9 PM.
Mr. Tobin was pursuing graduate studies at Voronezh State University in southwestern Russia under the State Department's Fulbright scholars program.
It can house 10,000 people, and although it now has fewer than 5,000, the authorities say they will not allow newcomers.
But as they extend down the incline, the curtains seem to move, billowing sideways and up, swirling until they look more like clouds against the wall's striking blue color, itself part of the installation.
Mr. Shi then took the agreement to China's president, Jiang Zemin, who was visiting Suzhou, near Shanghai.
Table tennis can now add to its two certified American superstar players -- Marty (the Needle) Reisman and Dick Miles -- a certified American superstar chronicler, the gifted novelist Jerome Charyn.
The Pentagon could not confirm the report.
The macaroni and cheese could wait.
The Wildcats (11-3) bounced back from a tough loss to Oklahoma in the Big 12 title game.
Read the comment lines in The Daily Racing Form next to the running line for a horse's past races, and you'll get an idea of the strange things that can happen when animals with a brain the size of a prune run at 40 miles per hour around an oval track.
No light verse & strawberry shortcake today, just wonderful, now terribly sad, memories.
''We want to throw the book at them, but it's like all we have is a kid's Golden Book,'' said Sarah Bradshaw, deputy to a council member, Steve Martin (who is not Steve Martin, the actor).
On the ImmersaDesk screen, the docking of a viral peptide and cell receptor looks strangely beautiful, like a cumulus cloud devouring a gummy worm.
This fellow surely knew about hatred and discrimination, as he was African-American; quite likely, he elicited fears by his color and his size, yet he proved to be far gentler and more comforting that a man who looked less intimidating.
He painted using a different side of his brain, and ''The Flume'' is among the first major works he produced in what increasingly became a looser, more Impressionistic style.
''I think Chris was probably a little frustrated because they were losing,'' Sprewell said.
DONNA LIEBERMAN Interim Executive Director New York Civil Liberties Union New York, April 2, 2001
The postponement, which was not announced, was reported by The Washington Post on Saturday.
''If you are a person who likes to come to the East End of Long Island, you are not a person who is looking to get lost and hide away.
''As far as I know, David is planning on returning in four weeks,'' he said.
Then, in 1995, productivity revived, to the old 3 percent level.
The plan calls for the immediate convening of as many Afghan representatives as possible to create an interim administration, and for some form of a multinational force to provide security.
She also has an inro, a small lacquered box attached to a cord at the waist, which served as a purse (because clothes had no pockets).
''Now I work in my studio alone, make the prototype myself, and a factory makes and produces everything for me.''
But to create an English Middle Earth, Mr. Jackson says, he had to move Tolkien's story around the world to his own native New Zealand, where he found a temperate, European-looking landscape not yet laced with roads and strung with telephone poles.
To look down imposingly on the accused, she got some help from the props department.
''We have really expanded our offerings in the food category, with things like squash purée and focaccia stuffing and other items that make it easier for people to prepare a Thanksgiving,'' said the spokeswoman, Tracy Brown.
June 2-3: Momentum Dance Theater in new works.
Mr. Lindsey, 52, of Bellwood, Ill., a Chicago suburb, had been a postal worker for 31 years when he was indicted on charges of placing threatening material in the mail.
July 5-8: ''Much Ado About Nothing.''
And every other mainstream magazine, from O: The Oprah Magazine to Time, is jumping on the health-reporting bandwagon.
Mr. Ben-Ami wrote today in the newspaper Yediot Ahronot.
Though made in tiny quantities -- only 150 cases in 1999 -- it's an outstanding wine, immediately enjoyable yet complex and probably age-worthy.
It will convey that you are enchanted by the theatrical presentation of the show, that you have allowed a band to take you on an otherworldly journey, that you are in a higher reality.
Whether the actual audience for such cards proves to be combat-curious children or adult collectors remains to be seen.
Afterward, at the once heavily bombarded main government building in Sarajevo's city center, General Powell stood in a reception room that has been elaborately restored -- save for two big bullet holes left as a reminder -- and read a statement aimed at the Croatian rebels.
The Rangers chose a goalie from Western Canada, Dan Blackburn, in the first round of the N.H.L.
A majority of senators had voted to suppress key evidence, making his acquittal appear inevitable.
To the Editor: Re ''On-Site Service: Lots of Talk to Get Some Action,'' April 12: I found the article about on-site service contracts to be overly negative.
The Compaq Computer Corporation said today that it would cut 5,000 jobs and predicted that first-quarter earnings per share would be about one-third lower than expectations.
''There are plenty of parents who watch out for their children and see that kids do do the right thing,'' she said.
Hours: Wednesdays through Saturays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays 1 to 5 p.m.
Documents with the bodies of three men found in a mass grave indicate they were Americans of ethnic Albanian origin, an investigator said.
He said the rabbi had betrayed his wife, his family, and his synagogue, M'kor Shalom in Cherry Hill, N.J. ''What he did was dead wrong, but it's a long way from there to murder,'' Mr. Wixted told the jury.
Mr. Corbett, now chief executive of the Woolworths division of the retailer Kingfisher, made no public response to the criticism.
PETER D. SHULTZ Westminster, Colo., March 13, 2001 The writer was general secretary of the alumni at Harvard, 1973-77.
Asked if he thought Mr. Ashcroft should be confirmed, Judge White said: ''I believe that Senator John Ashcroft seriously distorted my record.
-- it switches the code to its lock; the sperm rather testily adapts its coat to the new password; and so on, over the generations, back and forth, green eggs and spam.
The desiccant is then warmed to condense the water it contains.
My parents were immigrants who worked long hours.
It is developing software that can ensure that online bettors are adults living where gambling is legal.
It will never have the intimacy -- the warmth and love and humor -- of the Rev.
''I don't know why he isn't better.
So far in Sierra Leone, the United Nations has done little beyond backing stricter regulations on exports from government-held mines.
He served in the U.S. Navy during WW II as Quartermaster, First Class.
James W. Paulsen, chief investment officer at Wells Capital Management, suspects that another group of suckers was born.
But Ms. Cianciolo said her days of making money by producing a line of clothing and accessories are over.
Though Rebecca improbably manages to take up with Will pretty much where they left off, Ms. Tyler makes it clear to the reader that Will isn't a terribly appealing suitor: he's pretentious and peevish and uptight.
''It's very easy to turn belly dancing into something it's not,'' she said.
Until now, the study results, while they have been supplied to the E.P.A.
More noise is the last thing the Frontier needs.
But tonight was a four-inning, 10-hit, 91-pitch struggle.
Most important, though, I will never forget what an honor it was to be taught by a wonderful and dedicated math teacher -- my son.
Audubon Terrace will soon be losing another institution, the American Numismatic Society, to Lower Manhattan.
The dollar traded at 124 yen, down from 124.09 yen.
The price of the 30-year Treasury bond fell 11/32 , to 10 19/32 .
Information centers, both physical and virtual, must be established.
Mr. Milosevic waved his own gun around during the discussions, the official said.
If Governor Whitman does not take a stand, it will fall to the Senate president, Donald T. DiFrancesco, who will become acting governor and is planning to seek the Republican nomination for governor.
After a 24-year career with RCA, Mr. Vander Dussen joined Sony in 1981 as president and chief executive of the Sony Broadcast Products Company, which made equipment for the broadcasting industry.
Three daughters and a son from an earlier marriage live in New Jersey.
But support for our country does not give license to our leaders to make decisions that we think might be unwise and lead to more harm than good.
So far, the company -- which has H-1B workers with very specialized skills -- has not had to lay off anyone.
Izzo said he would not ask Heathcote for information about Gonzaga, which was fair enough, but Few knows where Heathcote's heart is, and would not have it any other way.
Puzzle publishers insist that their fans also read and buy more books generally than nonpuzzlers, certainly not surprising.
That's the future for New York workers.
The wear and tear on Nancy Scranton's left shoulder became so unbearable five years ago that she decided to have reconstructive surgery.
Oil companies say the problem is serious, though few will acknowledge that they have difficulty themselves in attracting qualified workers, for fear of looking troubled to their competitors and Wall Street.
Nevertheless, the room was packed with scores of them to hear Dr. Fromherz's report on progress in building circuits that can move voltage from a chip to a neuron in a manner that produces a measured response in subsequent neurons.
Scheper-Hughes remains unconvinced that selling a kidney is actually a low-risk activity.
''The whole place is like a big huge playground for us big kids,'' Mr. Sargent said.
''It will be nothing like the Clintons.
Indeed, Nussbaum attributes all refusals of empathy and compassion to a training in shame toward the body and the mother.
''Scientifically, we haven't established the phenomenon reliably,'' said Ovid Tzeng, minister of education in Taiwan, who has done research in cognitive neurolinguistics.
The buzz surrounding Tryon began in March, when at age 16 he qualified for the Honda Classic, finished 39th and became the youngest player since 1957 to make a 36-hole cut on the PGA Tour.
They wore period costumes and poured green tea and black tea and offered scones, lemon curd, cucumber sandwiches and strawberry bonnets filled with mock clotted cream to 48 guests.
Ms. Bennett added: ''It was all so real, it's become surreal.
Lewis eventually pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor count of obstruction of law enforcement officers and was put on 12 months' probation.
Mr. Bush's Justice Department has utterly failed to defend the rule in court.
Heartbreakingly, Roebling didn't even attend the opening ceremonies.
A fair amount, as it turns out.
(Each overnight rating point equals 675,000 TV homes.)
He was ready for all the people who wanted to know if he would ever get over the Super Bowl loss.
''Employers found older workers expensive and expendable, so they got rid of them,'' said Eric Lofgren, global director of the benefits consulting group at Watson Wyatt Worldwide, which has advised many large American companies on their pension plans and other benefits.
Security is tight, but Wagner is quickly ushered into a waiting elevator, and when the doors open a few floors later, he is smothered in a bear hug.
If the machinations of the mainstream TV, movie and music industries offer snapshots of the American character, doesn't this closeted entertainment behemoth tell us something as well?
''We feel we can get back into a high-earnings-growth model regardless of what the market does.''
The recent decline in room rates has been most significant at some of the city's fancier hotels.
Thomas Watkins, the president of TAP, which is based in Lake Forest, Ill., said yesterday that the joint venture ''fundamentally disagreed'' with most of the prosecution allegations, but had decided to settle the case because the government had threatened to stop all federal reimbursements for Lupron.
Mr. Buchanan apparently had an argument with another patron at Platinum nightclub, 433 Edgecombe Avenue, shortly before the shooting occurred, the police said.
Ms. Casanova said she first noticed the Pacific crabs while leading groups of school children on field trips at Hammonasset State Park in Madison, Conn. She said the students used to find a large variety of species, from hermit crabs to little shrimp.
I also have to make a warm pasta salad at least once a year using a recipe from a Belfast chef that calls for a pound of fusilli, nine ounces of diced smoked salmon and extravagant amounts of chives, finished with a dressing of equal parts olive oil and sour cream with a little lemon juice.
In addition to seeking readers who are more sophisticated even in the middle demographics,'' Mr. Ziccardi said the new ads also are designed to distinguish Family Circle from the rest of the Seven Sisters.
''While we're trying to put the joint venture in place, we're also looking for acquisitions that could fit it, or that we could do in our own right,'' Mr. Millar said.
I'll use it when I get older and make my own dances.''
In the days that followed their daring efforts, hard times have fallen on Ms. Nash and her daughter, both of whom are employed by the same home health care company in Brooklyn as private-duty nurses.
Douglas R. Conant, who took over as chief executive in January, has bolstered marketing spending to renew interest in Campbell's lines of canned soups.
* JOHN KELLY'S SHINY HOT NIGHTS: MORE SONGS OF JONI MITCHELL, Fez, 380 Lafayette Street, at Great Jones Street, East Village; (212) 533-2680.
Before, when the president talked about national security, it was in the abstract.
That might be changing now.
Western nations do not need Russia's money or its military clout, both of which are in short supply these days.
That process of colonization has gone right on through all the talk of peace and cease-fires.
There's also a bit of a ''Twilight Zone'' feel.
No honeybees are native to North America.
But the worst damage that Wednesday's earthquake inflicted on Olympia, the state capital and closest city to the epicenter, was more subtle.
After the 1999 season ended in Atlanta, where the Mets lost the National League Championship Series to the Braves, Piazza rented a car and drove around the South.
Admission: $10; $8, students and 62+ (Kimmelman).
At the end of last week, PC makers were informed of another edict from Microsoft, though not a software move.
TUESDAY P.M. 1:39 Leave office for acupuncturist.
Capitol reports that 18.8 million copies had been sold around the world through Christmas Day, and new figures to be released on Wednesday are expected to drive it past the 20 million mark.
Much of what appears on a plate in Parisian restaurants can also be found nowadays at their American counterparts.
She said investigators would monitor his case for 60 days before making any decision about a finding of educational neglect, but said there had been no talk of removing Danny from his father's custody.
But Dr. Volkmar said that even with the descriptions of Cavendish's peculiarities, he remained skeptical that the scientist had the syndrome.
''The market is showing some great resiliency here.
''When I got married last year, I had all these pictures that didn't come out right.''
Mr. Trimble said Gen. John de Chastelain of Canada, head of the disarmament panel, had told him he had personally witnessed the destruction of the I.R.A.
''If you can get the same item free and with a minimum hassle, it's going to be a tough proposition to get someone to pay.''
The game remained scoreless until 10 minutes 27 seconds of the period when Carisa Zaban finally solved Finnish goalie Minna Halonen from the slot.
''This is the start of a pledge to work with the Wheelers to try and raise awareness,'' Taylor said.
If anything, an obsession with food safety has relieved him of a much more common preoccupation: an obsession with food itself, its reassurances, its reward.
''Rising personnel costs and a wave of systems acquisitions initiated some time ago, as well as the costs of ongoing operations, leave little room for investment to satisfy newly identified requirements,'' the institute noted in its annual Strategic Survey.
And so Wilkins begins with history, his nation's and his family's.
In 1945, he published a book, ''The Killing of The Peace,'' about how the League of Nations had been defeated in the United States Senate.
''Family Night,'' featuring stories, games and crafts.
We want unity and we want this country to move forward.
And while the Yankees' headlines in the six weeks, good or bad, were built around the likes of Chuck Knoblauch, Derek Jeter, Bernie Williams and Orlando Hernández, the Yankees' bullpen quietly held the team together.
While the trip was heavy with nostalgia, there was a bit of fence-mending on the agenda as well.
She seems more of a pawn than ever.
What about the opening number?
Not since 1960, when demolition crews ravaged the ''Cathedral of the Motion Picture'' at Seventh Avenue and 50th Street in Manhattan and all but declared open season on movie palaces.
May they be comforted by the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
The last time the Penguins played there, Lemieux preserved their existence in the conference semifinals against the Sabres on a theatrical goal with 78 seconds remaining that forced overtime in Game 6; the Penguins won, 3-2, then won the decisive seventh game in Buffalo, 3-2.
IN Birthright's small storefront office here, pregnant women will sit in quiet consulting rooms and learn what their unborn fetus needs.
A confidential Pentagon strategy review has cast the Pacific as the most important region for military planners and calls for the development of new long-range arms to counter China's military power.
Billings on the account, which had been handled since July 2000 by Siegelgale in New York, were estimated at $8 million to $10 million.
''There's got to be something wrong with that.''
Look closely under all that body cladding and you will see some dated sheet metal peeking out.
CAROL LaPLANTE True Believer Security cameras caught Carol LaPlante going to early Mass on the morning of Sept. 11, before she made her way to the office of Marsh & McLennan at the World Trade Center.
Tim Wakefield held the Twins hitless for four and two-thirds innings in his first start of the season before running into trouble.
Ms. Ehrenreich does not insult us, or her temporary co-workers, by pretending that her experiment, undertaken over several months during the course of several years, actually duplicated what the working poor experience.
Synergy Brands began using barter after a 1999 deal with the Sinclair Broadcast Group, which owns or operates 62 television stations in 40 markets.
''That's just the way I dress.''
Some of the letter invokes prayers and uses ''very mainstream religious language,'' John L. Esposito, director of the Center for Muslim-Christian Understanding at Georgetown University, said, referring to excerpts published on Friday.
But they note that insistence on binding commitments by all countries at the same time runs counter to a principle that has shaped almost every other recent environmental treaty: cleanups should be started by prosperous countries because they created the bulk of the problem and have the money and technology to fix it.
LEEDS-Richard L. Passed away May 11, 2001 in Camp Hill, PA.
; Richard Coren of Fort Lauderdale, Fla.; and Peter Stromberg and Fredrik Mystrom of Sweden.
Wright assigned Morton Delson to be the on-site apprentice, but after three months, Dr. Wilson fired him.
''I like what I'm doing,'' Mattingly said.
I think Garth would do anything to be back in play and win another mayor's race in New York.''
One-party rule is justified, not by political dogma, but by economic efficiency and progress, precisely what many Western businessmen admire about China and often compare favorably with the Russian mess.
In other words, we must consider, evaluate and manage the total patient.
But the challenge of rebuilding Lower Manhattan creates an opportunity to redress the situation.
''It was always fascinating, these fights over view corridors and parks and overdevelopment,'' she said.
JOSEPH D. MISTRULLI Building and Bonding As a union carpenter, Joseph D. Mistrulli was good at putting things together, and he made a career of putting together some of the best-known places in New York City: the Russian Tea Room, Madame Tussaud, Niketown, Windows on the World.
''His objective was to be viewed as a statesman -- model 2001 -- and not as an adventurist -- model 1982,'' said David Makovsky, a senior fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, in a reference to Mr. Sharon's being held indirectly responsible by an Israeli inquiry board for the killings in the Sabra and Shatila refugee camps in Lebanon.
And despite two world wars and the brutal racist cultural policies of the Nazis, African-American music, from ragtime to rap, has never ceased to have an enthusiastic following in Germany.
said it would withdraw a strict rule on arsenic levels in drinking water approved in the last week of the Clinton administration, saying it was not scientifically supported.
Father of David W. White of Cambridge and Marlboro, VT. Uncle of Barbara and Sally Baker of Needham, MA., and Donald V. Baker of Beverly, MA.
Every month or so, A.B.N.Y.
FOR observers of human nature, the end of the year presents a golden opportunity for spotting geeks in their native habitats.
Denesha, according to the accounts of eight other girls who were in the bathroom at the time of the fight, attacked Sawandi, but suddenly fell to the floor, the official said.
NEBRASKA WESLEYAN--Announced the resignation of Rich Russo, baseball coach.
It took a long time to get it to New York.''
''I am begging you to use your influence to get a vote on this issue in the House.''
He added, however, that a single infected machine could cause significant disruption throughout a network of computers.
His father was a bank employee.
In the foreground a woman looks peevishly away, toward something out of the picture.
Congreve's deliciously acidic depiction of courting rituals among 17th-century England's upper classes is replete with whatever sexual activity furthered the pursuit and tenure of a financially beneficial marriage.
Donor fatigue is thought to be the problem, a weariness from two decades of Afghanistan's sequential woes.
''You feel guilty having fun.
''When it's over with tomorrow and we've won the game, then probably I'll go, 'Wow, we're getting there,' '' he said.
Pentagon officials have generally defended the stringent policy, saying the often covert nature of the war has made sharing too much with news organizations a risky proposition for United States troops.
The idea that he would now be leading a team into the Super Bowl against Baltimore, that he'd be coming off a National Football Conference championship game against Minnesota last Sunday in which he rewrote the record books for passing excellence, that he'd be considered a team leader by black and white players, and, apparently, would turn his life around and become as sober as a soft drink, would have stunned many, including, surely, Kerry Collins.
No one wants to see their records broken.
At the same time, the number of jobs in the city soared and the unemployment rate fell.
Funeral services 11:30 AM, Wednesday, August 15, at Parkside Memorial Chapel, 2576 Flatbush Avenue, Brooklyn.
The snow skidded around the compass with the wind, and though the storm never reached the blizzard conditions forecasters predicted, it was strong enough at times to blot out the dark edge of the forest, to erase stone walls, to weigh down the hemlocks, giving them a more pendulous motion than they usually have.
History will judge him particularly well for his nimble changes of direction in response to economic indicators, all made without sacrificing his conviction that inflation is our most pernicious economic demon.
The development of the Costa Maya, as tourism promoters call the southernmost beaches of Mexico's Caribbean coast, is a matter of debate inside Mexico's government.
The show's half-dozen or so writers, hired by Ms. Mendelsohn, are typical of many series: mostly in their 30's, often with Ivy League backgrounds.
Died on June 10th, 2001.
It is not your father's ski slope any more.
Ms. Lynch had had a minor crisis in the Morton's restroom, when she discovered that the double-sided tape that was keeping her from falling out of her black Valentino couture dress was losing its stickiness.
''I can't make new memories,'' explains Leonard Shelby (Guy Pearce), the vengeance-seeking insurance investigator at the center of ''Memento,'' Christopher Nolan's ingenious new thriller.
Two of the four quarterfinal matches were seriously delayed and did not end until 4 a.m.
Did he have enough food?
''If Malaysians want to burn down the U.S. Embassy, I would advise them not to,'' Mr. Nik Aziz said in an interview.
learned of Mr. Hanssen's activities or why they had not been discovered sooner.
The train pulls into 59th Street.
Hays leads the standing with 135 points, while Lange moves into second with 129, followed by Switzerland's Martin Annen at 123.
A8 Wahid Returns to Indonesia Former President Abdurrahman Wahid, who was ousted last month after 21 months in office, returned to Jakarta after a medical checkup in the United States, still sounding angry over his removal and promising to set up a clearinghouse for complaints about the government.
In a hard call, our primary endorsement goes to Mr. Suozzi.
Cash-rich Russian entrepreneurs have started acting as their own investment bankers, circumventing banks.
Public radio isn't just you in the studio.
Even if I'm not there and he's there, I'll be right there supporting him.''
They would prefer that tests be administered by the World Anti-Doping Agency, but the U.S.O.C.
Services Monday, 11:15 AM, at ''The Riverside,'' 76th St and Amsterdam Ave.
''If they do have a separate database, that's pretty easy -- that's what nailed Napster to the wall.''
Bulgari, the international jeweler, paid Ms. Weldon, a novelist of literary merit, to have its name mentioned a certain number of times, reportedly at least a dozen.
A Test for U.S. Communications So far, the reviews are mixed on how the publicly available communications networks performed during the terrorist attacks.
By Sunday the symptoms had not gone away, and his wife, Reena, called his uncle.
''We cannot describe ourselves,'' Phillips writes, ''without also describing what we need to escape from, and what we believe we need to escape to.''
RAILAMERICA, Boca Raton, Fla., said it would sell the Dakota Rail Railroad, a 44-mile freight line between Wayzata and Hutchison, Minn., to the Hennepin County Regional Rail Authority for $7.6 million.
If you love to scribble notes on the wall, porcelain-covered steel panels are easily wipeable.
''We got beat in a lot of areas.''
Phil's father, Jimmy Grucci -- creator of their signature gold split comet for the centennial of the Brooklyn Bridge that year -- was killed in an explosion that destroyed their factory.
''We're going at 180 miles an hour to get it out there,'' Jack L. Stahl, Coke's president, said.
out of politically motivated investigations, protecting the bureau from embarrassment and lawsuits.
Mr. Blanton was sentenced to life in prison for the murders of the four black girls who were killed in the explosion.
The agency has not yet verified the finding in its own laboratories.
He was retired from the University of California at Berkeley.
Then there is his persona.
A draft of that report stated that new source review had discouraged some investment in energy production, but that the negative effects were relatively modest, these people said.
''It is unworkable to put that type of time schedule on a small town where the employees work part-time,'' Ms. Wolfe said.
May the Almighty console the family together with all the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
To see these pieces in a totally Judd-designed setting, visit the Chinati Foundation in Marfa, Tex., a onetime military base that Judd filled with installations of his and other artists' works.
After serving as a U.S. Army Captain in Hot Springs, Arkansas, he settled in Oklahoma City and established a pediatric practice that continued until 1999.
He recently assured the state's two Democratic senators, Charles E. Schumer and Hillary Rodham Clinton, that he would actively support a $5 billion economic stimulus plan they introduced to revitalize Lower Manhattan in the wake of the terror attack, according to people who were familiar with the exchange.
At the trade center site, G.P.S.
In fact, Mr. Khatami's presence may help the clerical establishment survive challenges to its religious and ideological legitimacy.
In late May, Mr. Ehrich, 60, was told he had lung cancer.
Memorial services: 4 PM, Saturday, 3 March, 2001, at St. George's Chapel, Stuyvesant Square, between 16th and 17th Streets, east of Third Avenue, New York.
For the highly evolved couch potato, nothing beats being able to survey or record anything that's going to be on 255 satellite channels over the next two weeks.
MARK DRESSER, Knitting Factory, Old Office, 74 Leonard Street, TriBeCa, (212) 219-3006.
Yes, she allowed herself to be exploited, but the very fact that this is what she must do to feel loved and appreciated, we then expose something more than her body to these children.
The old Modelo prison that was across the street is also gone -- though a single wall remains as a reminder -- replaced by a six-building housing complex.
The altercation was just another sign of the bad blood this rivalry often generates.
''This business is scary to me, how hazardous it is,'' Stew Morrill said after his 12th-seeded Utah State team upset fifth-seeded Ohio State, 77-68.
He also helps lead the story to Los Angeles and on to Las Vegas for a riotous finale at the Red Dragon casino, where Lee takes on squads of attackers and Carter deflects attention by throwing a tantrum and invoking Nelson Mandela.
Mr. del Toro's allegorical intentions also become increasingly overt, as the boys must band together against their oppressor.
Opposition officials and doctors said 16 protesters had been killed on Zanzibar's main islands of Unguja and Pemba as demonstrations across the archipelago calling for a rerun of disputed elections turned violent.
But when friends went there to celebrate an occasion and reported that it was the best Italian food for miles around, I reconsidered.
This is a work that features no fewer than three variations on quaint theme restaurants.
First, Mr. Parent makes it amusingly clear that he knows better, as in a passage about the assorted pets that his family has accumulated, including a large rabbit that the boys love trying to poke with a stick.
The dubious view of dogs is traced, of course, to Islamic teaching.
I am not surprised by the adjustment in the Nasdaq.
Carolina goaltender Arturs Irbe proved Stevens right by making 37 saves.
THE restrictions obviously have the biggest impact in the Northeast, where more than 10,000 private plane and helicopter flights originated from the Boston, New York and Washington airports in August, or one-seventh of the national total.
While we are sensitive to the church's concerns about preserving its religious principles, the State Senate's unrestricted exemption would unfairly allow a religious hospital, school or proprietor of a business to deprive its female workers of important health care coverage.
Instead, he describes a network of sensors to be deployed on the exterior of a car, an electronic control unit and a warning light or alarm.
Broken-down farm equipment, as seen in period photographs, was scattered around the grounds.
She didn't have to die in that environment.''
St. Joe's backers stood and chanted: ''Mar-vin!
''Shallow Hall,'' written and directed by Bobby and Peter Farrelly, auteurs of successful gross-out comedies, centers on Hal, an ordinary-looking man who dates only physically spectacular women, even rejecting one because her second toe is longer than her first.
Diane Briskin, the corporate director of sales and marketing for W Hotels, which operates four boutique-style hotels in Manhattan, said that many companies were no longer spending freely to send executives to conventions and conferences.
''They ended up doing beautiful work, and we love our house,'' said Mrs. Lauritano, a director at TutorTime Child Care Learning Center in West Haven.
Manning, who has started every game for Indianapolis the past four seasons, was hurt in Sunday's 27-24 loss to the Miami Dolphins.
''I expect to hold some fairly soon.''
He wanders through a French countryside that's as colorblind as it is flat-out welcoming.
Colonel Qaddafi condemned the verdict as political and rejected paying compensation, but tangled negotiations are expected to start while an appeal proceeds.
As you quote Dr. Bengt Saltin, the director of the Center for Muscular Research at Copenhagen University, if such enhancements are used, ''then sport is dead.''
''We have a saying in Russian: 'Some people get nothing in life, some people get everything,'' ' Mr. Borodin said.
He drove Mr. Koch to a hospital in New Milford, Conn., for an X-ray, which confirmed the diagnosis.
He is also seen as less likely to object if Mr. Bush decides to reduce the office's status.
They plan to build a staircase to the yard, because right now only the downstairs tenant has access, and they also want to renovate the bathroom on their second floor, next to the master bedroom.
B6 Hot Pursuit, and Two Allies BIN LADEN'S WHEREABOUTS -- Osama bin Laden is still in Afghanistan ''under the control'' of the Taliban government at a hideout known only to ''the people responsible for his safety,'' Afghanistan's ambassador to Pakistan said.
''There is a government of sorts in Afghanistan, and if they're willing to make offers then I think we should call them on it,'' said Zia Mian, 40, a researcher and lecturer at the Woodrow Wilson School.
''This will require real strength at the top if they are going to make it happen,'' said Senator Joseph I. Lieberman, the Connecticut Democrat who has been a leading advocate of military transformation.
The filing said Berkshire held 7.7 million shares of H&R Block, the tax preparer based in Kansas City, Mo.
Today, none of the Mets' four hits was hit hard.
This exercise is not meant to advise investors to dump these shares.
But even 30 years later, it is easy to see why the little Z was the car to have for many enthusiasts.
Professor al-Hibri insisted that her experiences lecturing in Islamic countries on topics like democracy and the role of women -- and meeting with legislators and mullahs -- showed that advocacy of change could get a hearing if it was ''honestly related'' to the Koran and the hadith, the sayings of Muhammad.
''You can mix index and actively managed funds and hedge your bets.
''That's the way we do it.''
A collection of autobiographical comic essays by the author of ''Naked.''
Ms. Norton is now coming across as someone who is less hostile to federal regulation and more conscious of the responsibilities of stewardship.
Local businesses suffered an estimated $35.2 million in damages; the damage to community relations was incalculable.
As it is, ''The Last Time They Met'' gets by on aloop of flashbacks, buoyed up by prose of radiant vagueness.
In percent (Sources: Salomon Smith Barney; Telerate; The Bond Buyer)
Dieter Zetsche, who took over as Chrysler's chief executive last fall, was cautious in his assessment.
''They've been pretty tentative and pretty half-hearted, but they should be recognized because they're a step forward,'' he said.
A conference before the judge, Magistrate Judge Cheryl L. Pollak of United States District Court in Brooklyn, is scheduled for Wednesday, and several lawyers involved said they hoped a settlement order would be signed then.
ONE DAY DURING THE WEEK Arizona Transportation, $150 million of debt securities.
But this was not a second-round match, it was Clément's first major final, while Agassi was playing in his 12th.
The new hall would have 2,400 seats, 338 fewer than now, to improve the sound, and there would be high-tech enclosed viewing booths, more backstage space and donor and food-service amenities.
Three years after sleeping in roadside motels during his determined journey to qualify for the United States team again, Schlopy had not been able to put together two strong runs with the Winter Games looming.
Mr. Smith, a long-distance truck driver, was arrested based on key details given to the police by the girl.
Here are tales of response and recovery.
Los Angeles had pulled goalie Steve Passmore for an extra attacker after Detroit's Todd Gill took a hooking penalty with 1:41 left.
It's even better when your destination is exotic, strange and specific -- say, Manila, 1982 -- and in Michael Greif's production of ''Dogeaters,'' the journey is as titillating as a great vacation that leads you willingly into danger.
The Congressional Medal of Honor Society (www.cmohs.org) has a history of the medal, profiles and a service for people wishing to get in touch with a Medal of Honor holder.
''If your husband doesn't want to get in a Winnebago and vacation in Salt Lake City, you need people to talk with this about,'' she said.
Mr. Mathie, 33, has no Internet connection, no cell phone, not even a phone in his cell.
We could never figure out who would do it or why, except that in the days when we had this fantasy, around 1980, Lower Manhattan was still mysterious, and we imagined a syndicate of anarcho-dada-surrealist-futurists who pursued destruction for no reason other than beauty.
In his foreword to that book, Ossie Davis said that Mr. Mitchell was the ''heart and soul'' of the black tradition, and that ''it is hard to imagine theater in Harlem at all without him.''
But the minister, Igor S. Ivanov, reiterated Moscow's opposition to any plan to erect a national missile defense over the United States in violation of the 1972 Antiballistic Missile Treaty.
The Little Neck train station at Little Neck Parkway and 39th Road opened in 1866.
Mr. Crooms was being held last night, with bail set at $500,000.
Many in Passaic were also elated.
''It's a matter of extreme, extreme distrust,'' said Soli Ozel, a professor of international relations at Bilgi University here.
When reached last Thursday by satellite phone, Golding sounded as if he were in a kettle drum that was being waled upon with steady, manic vigor.
A fine performance of this type.
2 man, adding quiet ballast to Mr. Bush's headliner act or reinforcing the administration's message without making front-page news himself.
Thomas A. Bass is the author of ''Vietnamerica'' and, most recently, ''The Predictors.''
They manage to be utopian and dystopian at once.
Mr. Conlin added: ''Unfortunately, the Wave Dancer was positioned in front of other vessels and took the brunt of everything that Iris threw at them.
The French Interior Ministry, which is in charge of the police, said its minister, Daniel Valliant, was in the capital but had nothing to say about how his men had performed.
*The influence of the conservative right at the national level of Republican politics may have turned off many Long Islanders, who have traditionally been more moderate.
That said, as communities try to cater to longtime residents, some parents are mindful of empty-nesters' reputation as consistent ''no'' voters on local school bonds.
More People Falling Behind On Mortgage Payments With energy costs and unemployment rising, the number of Americans who are behind on their mortgage payments has risen sharply in the last year.
Delivery companies are also taking specific steps.
Mr. Kucinich, 54, became the city's youngest mayor when he was elected to a two-year term in 1977.
If the union got him a job he would be protected by a contract for the first time.
''Should you get cracks in that, I think that's disturbing for the recovery and for earnings,'' he added.
Lee could have opted for anarchy; Grant could have behaved less generously.
Jackson went on to bat .356 over a 13-year career, the third-best career average ever.
Anthony D. Sala, 24, owns Salabella's Pizzeria and Café across the street from the theater.
Silicon Valley would love to see residential broadband take off, since it hopes that would stimulate demand for PC's and related consumer electronics.
Mr. Matthau died almost exactly a year ago, on July 1, at 79.
We should remember that schools in high-poverty areas, which tend to have the lowest scores, also tend to have the highest transience rates for students.
In the old days -- when no one talked about running away -- duels were for gentlemen wielding single-shot pistols.
Thus neighborhoods like the meat-packing district on the West Side of Manhattan, office buildings like Gordon Bunshaft's elegant Lever House on Park Avenue and not-so-old structures like Edward Durrell Stone's museum for Huntington Hartford at the southwest corner of Central Park, join the T.W.A.
For the most part, he has been in high spirits, joking with teammates, smiling, playing with a video camera.
After his father launched Carnival in 1972, Mr. Arison rose from sales and marketing to president in seven years.
Seaman said: ''The whole zeal -- it's on his face.''
A log is also kept by transit officials, so that the police know exactly how many people are in the tubes at all times, and who they are.
Certainly Mr. Parsons is not an entrepreneur with a passion to keep a tight rein on his empire, but just how the dynamic between Mr. Parsons and Mr. Pittman will work is anyone's guess.
''We're born, we live, we die, it's just not a big bugaboo,'' said Mrs. Hobler.
A third, successful, test was called flawed by missile critics.
He said it would take at least a year for those cuts to translate into the profitability that investors had come to expect from the biggest securities firms.
Reagan National Airport, which was closed for three weeks, was the last airport to reopen after the attacks.
Ms. Reboux's extraordinary performance conveys Anaïs's mixture of precocious insight, animal canniness and vulnerability so powerfully that it ranks among the richest screen portrayals of a child ever filmed.
They added a fourth co-star, wide receiver Jerome Pathon, to their cast in a 42-26 rout of the visiting Buffalo Bills.
The Orioles took perhaps their most pivotal missteps after the 1998 season when they had to replace a bevy of players who left them as free agents, players like Roberto Alomar, Rafael Palmeiro and Eric Davis.
They're just defending their home.
Mr. Condit, 53, has described Ms. Levy as a good friend but has otherwise kept quiet publicly about his relationship with her.
Funeral Mass will be held 11AM Wednesday in Saint Christopher Church, York St., York Harbor, ME.
Rivera has asked for $10.25 million in arbitration, while the Yankees submitted $9 million.
Loving father of Kathleen Powell of Danbury, CT.
In other studies, a number of statin drugs have helped the coronary arteries by slowing plaque buildup, which leads to heart attacks, making them the only class of drug proven to have such benefit for the heart, researchers said.
The range of its speeds -- 3,000 to 16,000 r.p.m.
Transit officials have apparently also been vigilant about ensuring that no workers untrained in dealing with hazardous materials go near suspicious substances or try to clean them up, actions that could also serve to spread the substance.
Typically, officials said, the elderly or one-time customers -- for instance, those fresh from emergency rooms, looking for painkillers -- would be singled out for overcharges.
They understood that their strangeness was part of their strength, and that a great artist can seldom expect to come through with his or her dignity intact.
This decision says you can't do that, in effect.''
Of the McDonald's where Doc eventually works as a ''fry guy,'' Parsons writes, ''Weekday nights the restaurant feels like a bar, but one where the bright lights and lack of alcohol keep the pain in view.''
Samuel B. Casey, senior counsel to Human Life Advocates, who is helping to organize their appearance, said in an interview, ''The argument that's been made by those who want to change or lift the federal ban on destructive embryonic stem cell research is that these embryos are in excess, we're just going to throw them out anyway.''
After a short drive up the hill and a wearying search for a parking space (a thorny fact of life in San Francisco, as certain as fog off the bay), we wandered down into the cacophony of Stockton Street.
Now that had an old-time leftish (or as President Bush likes to say, ''class warfare'') feel about it.
The next morning Holden checks out of the Edmont, makes a date to see a play with his old friend Sally Hayes, and goes to Grand Central Terminal, where he leaves his bags.
A steady stream of members of Congress from steel-producing states have visited Mr. O'Neill to press the industry's case, as have steel executives and the leaders of the steelworkers' union.
Not surprisingly, they grow up with little hope or confidence.
The panel advised that state police applicants undergo a psychological evaluation to detect ''racial bias or insensitivity'' and that two new layers of oversight, an Office of Professional Responsibility and a three-member Independent Review Board, be created to hear complaints about state police actions.
She said that for the court to formulate a ''discovery rule'' for the Fair Credit Reporting Act, under which the statute of limitations would count from the plaintiff's discovery of injury, would make the explicit exception for misrepresentation ''entirely superfluous in all but the most unusual circumstances.''
To represent categories like Christian ventriloquists' children's songs, exotica, space-age music and early electronic sounds, Mr. McCormick and his collaborators have assembled what they say are some of the most coveted album covers in those very specialized fields.
Travelers can try to avoid paying a fine by exercising their right to request a hearing; lawyers and Cuba experts said that the agency, short on personnel, had not actually held such a hearing in 10 years.
He is part of a $6 million libel suit filed against Mr. Buttrey that cites many of the numismatist's charges.
So far, American engagement has not been sustained enough to make a difference.
Fred T. Goldberg Jr., who held the post under President George Bush, and Donald Alexander, the commissioner under President Richard M. Nixon, said they agreed that enforcement was too lax.
However, nobody can script that.
''One person used to come out and jog along it every day.
Richard Repetto, an analyst with Putnam Lovell Securities, said the only real surprise in Schwab's announcement was how much it would cost the firm to make the cuts.
It was a last-minute drive against the Giants at Giants Stadium in the fifth week of the season that provided the Eagles with an early hold on first place in the National Football Conference East and the belief that any jinx against the rival Giants was over.
The Senate had already gone on record calling for Mr. Verniero to resign if the Assembly failed to impeach, and Mr. Collins had demanded the same.
Here are definitions for the columns in the tables.
If, as expected, the Senate approves the final bill on Monday, it can be congratulated for engaging in two intense weeks of debate to fashion a measure that would go far to clean up a discredited system.
''It's just tough to compete against a team as good as they are with the umps being less than good,'' Steinbrenner said.
In one extraordinary scene Marie, after an evening out with Vincent, reclines on her bed as two pairs of male hands, her husband's and her lover's, caress her.
One of the Palestinians was seriously injured, witnesses and doctors said.
Hospital executives cite several reasons, generally claiming that full-service hospitals are badly needed in every neighborhood in Manhattan.
Hartsdale conducts about 10,000 burials and individual cremations (as opposed to communal ones) each year, ranging in cost from about $400 to $1,200, a sum that buys an ornate satin- or velvet-lined oak coffin and a monument.
Crossword E6 TV Listings E7 Public Lives B2 Weather D8
Several network executives said the blooper shows were not as inexpensive as many believed, because payments had to be made to the actors, writers, directors and producers involved in the original shows.
The Starwood policy applies to the 218 hotels with these names that are owned or managed by the corporation, according to Nadeen Ayala, a spokeswoman.
Hey, what do I know, I just work here.
President Michael Deignan cited a shift in Medicaid reimbursement favoring the use of the company's products for the treatment of heart ailments.
It then used observations from the groups to make decisions about how to portray Mrs. Clinton, choosing to focus on issues rather than her image.
A Scottish woman, born in 1920, is accompanied all her life by a woman and a girl who are invisible to everyone else in this often sad and scary novel.
The Nasdaq composite index fell 50.05 points, to close at 1,831.30.
The most common foot-and-mouth precaution is still everywhere: doormats, soaked in disinfectant, at the entrances to airports, ferry terminals, public buildings and even grocery stores.
Early in the day, the broad stock market averages fell approximately 1 percent and remained down for most of the day.
Despite a sizable stock buyback program, per-share earnings at Lone Star fell 15 percent last year.
Just take the time to listen to a family story about jazz, Jewish Brooklyn, baseball, the pain and revelations caused by parents growing older and the miracle of music communicating when words cannot.
This season, the Bills finished 8-8 and, for the first time since the 1997 season, missed the playoffs.
This Tuesday at at 2 p.m., a talk will be given by Elisabeth Hodermarsky, curator of works on paper.
Seeking another venue to replace the Norwalk site, C. William Kraus, an independent consultant who was Artspace's volunteer negotiator, was referred to Robert Halstead, property dispositions manager for Bridgeport's tax-delinquent and foreclosed properties.
Queen Farah, who lives in Paris, did not make public the cause of death.
Congress will almost certainly limp through the year with a budget very similar to the one Mr. Bush has recommended.
''If there was a row of 50 lights and, if you stood looking 20 minutes, you could see that one light was slightly out, he'd insist that you move it,'' Mr. Creed said.
The center of the trend is Ocean County, poised halfway between Philadelphia and New York and blessed with huge tracts of undeveloped land.
It helped pay for tuition to study journalism at the University of New Haven.
John Wardlaw, the decades-long executive director of the Hartford Housing Authority, has said he's too busy ridding Hartford of its crumbling public housing units and is all but not interested.
Early in 1969, the government suspended Mr. Covas's rights to hold office for 10 years.
Priscilla A. Wooten, the chairwoman of the education committee, characterized those details as ''hidden language'' that prevented parents from knowing exactly what they were voting for.
But no marathon can caress a competitor, spectator or journalist the way New York does.
A1 Manhattan Car Crackdown A day after the mayor announced that the city would try, for the first time in 21 years, to tame traffic by prohibiting single-occupant cars from crossing into Midtown and Lower Manhattan on weekday mornings, many drivers said it was a sacrifice they were prepared to make, and they thought it made sense.
But what has changed is the way governors interact with the Legislature, partly because of conference committees and Mr. Pataki's insistence on standing outside the process.
Mass of Christian Burial on Friday, 9:30 AM at St. Thomas More Church, Breezy Point, NY.
Messier said he saw the trade as a great match for New York.
''I was kind of nervous, but I was pretty confident,'' recalls P.J.
After Harvard, he travelled to China and wrote a ten-part series for the Monitor reporting that the Quomintang was losing support.
Madden glanced at a referee in a futile plea for a penalty, then swept Lemieux's stick down the ice with disdain.
In addition, the White House said that the Pentagon would seek to speed up the Cooperative Threat Reduction project to construct a chemical weapons destruction facility at Shchuchye, 1,000 miles southeast of Moscow, allowing for its earlier completion.
Should the the Republicans prove their charge, Chief Judge Edward R. Becker wrote, the commission's actions ''may arguably amount to a violation of either the 14th or 15th Amendment.''
''Of course he's going to say Cujo started it.''
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, in an effort to relieve congestion at La Guardia Airport, plans to suggest sharply raising landing fees or auctioning off landing slots.
But analysts questioned whether Mr. Talwar, who had overseen a series of acquisitions for the bank and was considered open to the idea of a merger, had clashed with Sir Patrick Gillam, the chairman, who is determined to keep Standard Chartered independent.
''We felt the human capital, the resources we need, are here in Westchester,'' said Peggy J. Miller, senior vice president and chief financial officer of the company, who moved to White Plains from Portland, Ore. ''People in technology, sales, marketing, human resources.
Even if the Yankees do not win the title this season, the manager who replaces Torre will be replacing someone known as Teflon Torre and St. Joe.
Stepfather of Debbie and Steve Kropf and Barbara and John Heinekin and stepgrandfather to Andrea and Pami.
The companies -- Arbed of Luxembourg, Usinor of France and Aceralia Corporación Siderúrgica of Spain -- plan to combine in a deal that would create a steel company with about 30 billion euros ($26 billion) in annual sales.
Some of the most intense protests began early this month in the northeastern state of Sinaloa.
''Thomas Jefferson once called state lotteries the best kind of tax, a voluntary tax,'' said Representative Chris Newton, a Republican who sponsored the measure in the House.
People inside the Public, who insisted on anonymity, said the relationship between Ms. Reiter and Mr. Wolfe was strained and distant.
That was Van Gundy's first full season as the Knicks' head coach, and while his status and his job security have changed dramatically since then, his reaction to his team's performance has not.
Through the 1990's, educators in a growing number of places, including Charlotte, N.C., and Chicago as well as Maricopa County, the nation's fifth largest in land mass, set up schools like Pappas to address the needs and circumstances of homeless children.
''We actually made that decision because we wanted to cut down on fax expenses -- you know, using too much toner and silly things like that,'' he said.
The Board of Elections this year did not reappoint most of the workers who had been nominated by local Democratic leaders.
We ended up playing pretty well and whipping them pretty good.''
Pikeville is an example of a new Appalachia painstakingly transforming itself from the old days of poverty, said Mike Kiernan, spokesman for the Appalachian Regional Commission, the quasi-governmental body created by the Johnson administration to oversee recovery in a 13-state, 406-county swath from southern New York to northern Mississippi.
Employment in the sector fell in June and for the second quarter as a whole -- the first quarterly decline since 1958.
Some women are still unsure about what benefits or financial aid will be forthcoming, whether they will be able to afford to stay home with the children or will have to find work, whether their children will be able to attend good schools.
It was an ambiguous moment when Richardson acted -- a time of doubt about the president's guilt, of concern that the scandal was undermining his authority abroad, of the seeming isolation of the special prosecutor -- and it was his unambiguous action that gave the crisis some of the moral clarity we recall today.
He had been creative director at Miriello Grafico, San Diego.
Son of the late Marielle McKinney and Henry de Montmollin.
John Vanbiesbrouck, the former Ranger recently obtained from the Islanders, is now the Devils' backup.
The legislature is the centerpiece of a government set up in Belfast by the April 1998 peace agreement that seeks to end decades of violent conflict between Protestants and Catholics by apportioning political power between them.
And the Appellate Division ruled that, in light of such studies, the state must control bits of soot as small as 2.5 microns, which environmentalists hailed as a huge improvement in the control of particulate pollution.
The couple took on one project at a time, as they could afford it.
Fayal Hotel, Rua Consul Dabney, 9901, Horta, Azores, Portugal, (351) 292-207-400, fax (351) 292-207-450, e-mail hotel.fayal@mail.telepac.pt.
In late June, a federal appeals court upheld much of the lower-court ruling, but narrowed the finding against Microsoft.
Brunch, main dishes, $11 to $18; $9 for granola and oatmeal.
But General Itzhak said he ordered Israeli medics to tend to the Palestinian wounded, denying claims by Palestinians that residents were denied care.
''She asked me, 'We're not moving from Rockaway, are we?'
''This boy was trying to play around with me.
Among these values are certain iron-bound laws, called the Pashtu Wali, or Code of Life.
Pratt & Whitney, based in East Hartford, Conn., said Northern Alternative would install the units in Minnesota, Wisconsin and Iowa.
Scores of tourists and curiosity-seekers, some with dust masks to guard against the acrid smoke, arrived with camcorders and still cameras, jockeying for the best picture of the yellow-gray plume that spiraled up from where the towers once stood.
''Teaching is part of the educational process -- it's not labor,'' said Bill Rogel, 20, a political science major from Pittsburgh, who held a sign that read, ''Unions: Enslaving America one workplace at a time.''
They had all assumed human form, and while two had become men and the third was a boy, the fourth had turned into a tall, beautiful woman.
If the Nasdaq 100 went up 3 percent on a day, ProFunds would use futures contracts to rise 6 percent.
Loving and proud grandfather of Suzanne, Andrew, Michelle, Jeffrey and Sarah.
Herbert Vasiljevs made it 3-0 at 15:26 of the first.
''This is a chance for getting closer, for getting more Russian goods into the American market and more American goods into the Russian market.
There are advantages to getting big.
In their view, there was nothing at all balanced about his stance; in life, they believed, he always leaned more heavily on his American side.
His father, who is retired, owned Soon Lee Fashion in Manhattan, which made women's clothing.
At 74 feet, Philippe Kahn's Pegasus and Robert McNulty's Chance are, in Disney's words, ''a little bit longer, skinnier and heavier than us.''
''For people to have done this despite the difficult logistics really speaks to the commitment of parents to speak up and say to Albany that this is wrong, that we will not sacrifice our children so that some politician can wave numbers around to talk about how our schools are doing.''
I've talked to the people who've made that decision, and they said it is a political fight.
''They have to make acquisitions to grow significantly,'' said Mark Husterberg, an analyst in Dallas for Dain Rauscher Wessels.
''We want to make sure,'' Mr. Lichtinger said, ''that growth and economic development to do not destroy the nation's beauty and natural resources.''
Enron appears to have neither.
Three recent polls all show a pair of Democrats -- Martin Chavez, a former Albuquerque mayor, and Bob Schwartz, a former district attorney -- holding modest leads over a field that also includes Mayor Jim Baca, a Democrat seeking a second four-year term.
Whatever we do, you have to face the fact that it is not a question of not affecting the environment, but how well we can manage our activities.''
The look of these images in reproduction was what counted, and Rockwell was brilliant (you see this in the show) at calculating the variables of conversion from canvas to magazine.
But they're going to cheer for their guys.
That is why close attention to a company's recent performance and its competitive and financial position are essential companions of such an analysis, many financial professionals say.
A dagger (+) indicates that some bookstores report receiving bulk orders.
Mr. Islas said he was the first of the eight to work in the stores, beginning in 1996, and eventually recruited the others.
Moreover, Classmates is starting to sell ads on its site at a decent clip, given that it is among the 20 most highly visited Internet sites, according to Nielsen/Net Ratings.
Levy said yesterday that he would move his office to one of the schools, Stuyvesant High School, when it reopened to students on Tuesday.
Except, perhaps, for some huffing and puffing.
Alex Van Pelt starts for the injured Rob Johnson.
When the red light went off, he called the hospital to find out how she was.
Since recovering from minor thigh, hip and knee injuries in training camp, Harris has emerged as one of the Nets' top shooters, averaging 50.6 percent.
Instead, he said, the government can only offer ''all the buildings and lands that are property of the state,'' including congressional offices and Argentina's embassies abroad, as a guarantee.
''Boycott'' is directed with great authority and flair by Clark Johnson, better known as the actor who played Meldrick Lewis on ''Homicide.''
But the photographer, within a fraction of a second, was able to show the heroic side of human behavior.''
One photohistorical note: the Kinsey collection has a very large number of amateur photographs.
Genevieve M. Bracken, a daughter of Nancy L. Garson of Manhattan and Theodore Lane Bracken of Washington, was married last evening in Deal, N.J., to Matthew Samuel Jaffe, the son of Barbara Jaffe and Dr. Eric Jaffe of Scarsdale, N.Y.
She plunged in with a broad smile, and after collecting 10 or 15, she said: ''I thought it would be good if I could get a few signatures.
In fact, the Bronx players have been so overpowering that parents of some of their opponents in the district and regional tournaments have accused the players of being older than 12 or ineligible for various reasons.
There is Manny Ramirez propelling the Boston Red Sox into first place, Juan Gonzalez and Ellis Burks more than making up for the loss of Ramirez in Cleveland, Bret Boone surprisingly supplying the offense Rodriguez provided Seattle, Mike Hampton winning games and hitting home runs in Colorado.
And while Queens is the 11th Judicial District and Brooklyn and Staten Island make up the Second, those two districts are part of Second Judicial Department.
But I don't think we should bemoan the modern situation too much, because there are a lot of interesting things going on.
He said he wanted time to review the talks and United States policy.
Sehorn has already missed the team's last two exhibition games, against Jacksonville and the Jets, and will not play on Friday in the preseason finale at Baltimore.
And because your exodus has likely drained your finances, you have not had a chance to accumulate funds to buy a goat or start a business.
(Reuters) INDIA: CLASH WITH BANGLADESH Sixteen troops from the Indian Border Security Force and at least one from Bangladesh were killed in a fight along the border between Bangladesh and the Indian states of Assam and Mehalaya.
Beloved wife of the late William.
This theatrically decorated, elegant old villa has a romantic terrace overlooking the Bay of Naples and a chef with an innovative way with pasta and fish (imagine John Dory in basil cream with arugula and pomodorini, the piquant small local tomatoes).
He works a broader, more centrist spectrum.
Madeleines made with a rested batter form a stiffer, more humped shell and a more moist, springy interior.
Rummy died suddenly on February 2, 2001.
The final six holes are cruel par 4's, considered the most difficult finish of the eight British Open courses.
A World Trade Organization panel ruled last month that Mexico broke trade laws by imposing tariffs of up to $176 a ton on corn syrup imports from United States companies like Archer Daniels Midland and Cargill.
The CRB/Bridge index of raw industrial prices, which is seen as a barometer of manufacturing demand, fell on Tuesday to 238.28, its lowest point since October 1986, and bounced up only a few tenths of a point by the end of the week.
''Lakeboat'' might have been subtitled ''How I Spent My Summer Vacation in a David Mamet Play.''
''There were people who want me out of the race, but I am not listening,'' Mr. Badillo said.
A P Valentine, the son of A.P.
Again, death cast its pall: an Israeli baby hit by Palestinian stone throwers died.
The company was brought to the brink of disclosing the asbestos content of Monokote more than two decades ago, in 1977.
', he said ''No, you don't have imagination.'
The 10-member board of trustees, led by Edwin Goodman, approved the refurbishing job.
The Cerén house was larger, seating up to a dozen people, and its walls were thick adobe.
What a coup for the Wizards' president of basketball operations, killing two birds -- his lust for hoops, his zeal to deal -- with one stone.
June 7-Aug. 19: the history of the state is depicted in the musical drama ''Texas.''
Mr. Auslander's stand-up routine came last month during the Flushing branch's monthly open mike night, a cross between Hyde Park Corner and ''Star Search'' that has also been featured at some other branches.
People will stand around at cocktail parties and compare elite levels: 'I'm an Executive Platinum, I'm a 1-K.' '' On the other hand, the good news is that the business travel cutbacks have left financially reeling airlines with empty seats, even as they try to reduce overall capacity.
That is something the Rams will never be called.
that ten thousand River Commissions, with the mines of the world at their back, cannot tame that lawless stream.''
In another, the roller-coaster flight, eagles dive with folded wings from great altitudes, swooping back up just before hitting ground.
Gene Barrett, a retiree in Queens, said he had adapted to his higher bills.
If Dahlman does not look like a gambler, he does not bet like a gambler either.
She is childlike, innocent and knowing, seductive and repellent, repeatedly threatened, endlessly disturbing.
All along MacDougal Street the plastic cups of pastis served as a passport of sorts.
The Bratton-Maple partnership was a major reason that Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani was able to keep his campaign promise to reduce crime, which so impressed voters that, in today's mayoral free-for-all, all the candidates feel compelled to announce that they will continue the effort, even as they maneuver to distance themselves from some of the brutality that came with it.
''I wasn't thinking about the game,'' she said.
Whisk into juice, return to heat, continue whisking and bring to a boil.
Delays in getting inmates to specialists for needed medical treatment and the rapid turnover among top-level Prison Health Services staff members -- three different medical directors so far -- had already led some to question the company's services.
Monica Seles moved closer to her second WTA Tour title in as many weeks by beating Cara Black, 6-0, 6-3, in a second-round match yesterday of the rain-plagued State Farm Women's Tennis Classic in Scottsdale, Ariz. Third-seeded Jennifer Capriati, who extended Seles to three sets in the Oklahoma City final, also made short work of an opponent, beating Jana Nejedly, 6-2, 6-4.
If some employers' records listing beneficiaries may be lost, many companies have some data elsewhere.
Some 100,000 buildings were destroyed, and 250,000 damaged.
Enologix, another Sonoma company that caters to the wine industry, has developed computer software that predicts how a wine will score in reviews even while it is still juice.
Ask Duval, who hit a ball into a bunker at No.
Tyson's stock is near its lowest level in more than a decade.
The tightly wound Space, yearning for Claire and distrustful of strangers, and the naïve, teddy-bearish Hank make engaging traveling companions, not caricatures.
That is, if the Jets do not select a defensive tackle -- perhaps the most talented and deepest position in the draft this year -- with the 19th pick.
The company is preparing to release a new version of its operating system, one that integrates it even more tightly into Internet services like music, shopping and banking.
As for darkrooms and the chemicals used to develop photos by hand, many instructors say they will become obsolete.
John Candy, as the team's reluctant coach, shows that he could act as well as be funny; the only downside to the film is the reminder of his premature death a year later - Friday at 2 and 9:20 p.m. on Disney.
Mr. Burnett said the show looks entirely different in its location in Kenya, with the new cast of real people surrounded by wildlife, including elephants, giraffes and even lions.
Yet in the last few years, Unilever, the British-Dutch conglomerate that makes Dove, has been pushing hard to transform the name into a megabrand.
He says the Pimlico track will have its usual loose, dirt top cushion of about four inches.
declined to respond to Thorn's comments.
''It was not short-lived, and it was not spontaneous,'' Judge Covello said.
[World Business, Section W.] Enron Moves to End India Contract Fed up with its main customer's refusal to pay its bills, Enron's Indian power-generating venture said that it would terminate its power supply contract.
Pierrot's long and doleful aria in Act II was touchingly sung by Mel Ulrich in the performance I heard.
The region's parched farmland may yield little harvest, but the scorched soil here holds a bounty of scrap metal.
She held several high-level positions at Texaco, including president of North American oil and gas production.
The champion Lakers have a celebrity coach in Phil Jackson, a Hollywood owner in Jerry Buss and the house legends Jerry West and Magic Johnson to lean on.
Similarly, he said American military planners had been meeting with anti-Taliban forces that are operating in the north and south of Afghanistan, but he would not be specific about any military aid provided them or what role they might play in the campaign.
So the airlines are now confronted by a more complicated threat: suicide bombers willing to pack themselves with explosives.
The Verve broke up as its biggest hit, ''Bittersweet Symphony,'' climbed the charts, and Mr. Ashcroft's recent solo debut was tepidly received here.
In a more typical year, Mr. Bloomberg could have counted on Mr. Green's Democratic opponents to soften up the eventual nominee for the general election.
Guerrillas in Kashmir were ''freedom-fighters'' if they lived, ''martyrs'' if they died.
Horses can doze standing up and spend more time upright than other animals, but get their deepest rest, the so-called REM sleep, only when lying down, said Dr. Katherine A. Houpt, a veterinarian and professor of physiology in the College of Veterinary Medicine at Cornell.
And after saying that the world is divided into those who prefer Frank Sinatra's rendering of ''New York, New York'' and those who prefer Bernstein's version -- Mr. Eddins declared himself among the latter -- he conducted a new arrangement that had little in common with either approach.
Instead, they discouraged demand, usually through higher interest rates, so that it would not outstrip supply and increase inflation.
For others, the forest is a dense weave of symbol and memory.
She could have killed me with a twitch, but she didn't.''
Even if it does not happen, something must be done in Seattle.
They are soaked in water before using and become transparent when cooked.
The Jewish Center mourns the passing of or our esteemed, longtime member Helene Jakobovics, beloved mother of our member Alphonse Jakobovics, and of Sylvain (Evelyn) Jakobovics and Elizabeth Oestericher.
There is plenty of blame to go around.
Siebel's shares have fallen 90 percent in the last year.
The Padres have Tony Gwynn in right field, as long as his knee allows, and Rickey Henderson, a once-great leadoff hitter in waiting.
But the restrictions could limit access to the drug -- if, for example, the government stipulated that doctors who prescribe RU-486 must be able to handle complications resulting from its use, or must be trained to perform surgical abortions.
She is even Zen about crawling under those rosebushes to look for caterpillars tunneling into unopened buds.
Newcomers are given simple tasks, such as rooting cuttings in potting medium or planting large seeds.
Most sports writers look at Stanford's two most visible teams and doubt they can win the big games.
They each face a maximum of 20 years in prison on the racketeering charges.
Only six new runways have been added to major airports in the last 20 years.
I would never be comfortable knowing that children were on the grounds of Pilgrim.
It didn't matter what it looked like -- it was so good and sweet, it was inexplicable to an 8-year-old why on earth everything wasn't cooked upside down.
ROB RUSSELL and Robin Schiff lived for years in a loft downtown, in a building where most of the apartments were occupied by artists like Mr. Russell who paid a cheap rent in exchange for walk-up spaces that were far from elegant.
It's making people see dance as a part of their world in ways we tend not to with Western dance, which is so marginalized.
But the weakness of New Jersey's April results has made others more cautious about the outlook for New York.
According to the New York City police, excrement and anti-Arab graffiti was found on a door in Brooklyn.
Then she started having migraines in between the seizures.
Describing what must be an enjoyable part of his job, he said he and his colleagues tasted 3,000 new wines a year -- two or three times each, at various stages from harvest to bottling.
''This breathes new life into me,'' he said.
Currently, most insurance companies offer a small discount for people who take driver education.
''Downtown just drives me crazy,'' said Mohammed Alauddin, who has been a cabdriver for three years.
The other problem was with its warehouse system.
But putting together a survival kit is.
At 13, he'd say, 'I don't agree with you, Mom, but let's don't argue about it.'
''I'd be willing to look at the data.''
''They don't like it because they think Europe is taking over.
A Russian team has set up shop in a corridor of the once grand Kabul Hotel, an indignity forced upon them because the vast Russian Embassy compound here is a wreck filled with about 23,700 refugees.
One is a perforated, biomorphic bottlelike form with wiggly arms going in and out of its body; the other is a big, asymmetrical shape, like a toy top with odd lumpy places.
Big East Commissioner Mike Tranghese said Temple's membership in the Big East would expire at the end of the 2004 season, allowing the league to remain at eight teams.
Moreover, government officials acknowledge they are still finding and filling gaps in the wall designed to protect the American food supply from the disease.
Seeing these haphazard dumps, it has often occurred to me that this overflow alone, if collected, would fill an archaeological museum richer than many in the world.
He was charged with rape, sodomy and first-degree murder.
Such action, to his critics, represents the specter of gentrification.
The 26-year-old Diaz, a native of Scotia, N.Y., has three second-place finishes this season and no victories in her third full year on the Tour.
While umpiring in the major leagues, Soar sometimes called on the physical presence that served him well on the football field.
The captain testified six years later that the remaining ash was dumped in the Atlantic and Indian Oceans.
The ginger did need some rounding out, so I kept the cinnamon and added cardamom.
Officials conceded that state legislation would be required to give the commission any financial muscle -- for instance, the ability to sell bonds or to spend some of the billions of dollars in expected relief money.
For a period in the 1970's, during the height of that golden age of American film, Ms. Burstyn was perhaps the most honored and respected actress in Hollywood, starring in emblematic films like Peter Bogdanovich's ''Last Picture Show'' (1971), for which she received her first Oscar nomination; William Friedkin's ''Exorcist'' (1973), for which she was also nominated; and Martin Scorsese's ''Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore'' (1974), for which she finally won an Oscar.
The package, which contained fifteen sealed vials, was opened by a member of Mr. Clinton's staff on Oct. 12, a week after its arrival, and immediately handed over to the Secret Service, said Jim Mackin, an agency spokesman.
Fortunately, the show manages to find something deliciously tart in the current blandness of musical theater.
It was the Bearcats' seventh straight first-round victory and gave Coach Bob Huggins his 300th victory in 12 seasons at Cincinnati.
That course, though, has obvious political and economic problems.
Appropriately, the exhibition leads off with a painting as big as the Ziegfeld's movie screen: ''The Stowaway Peers Out at the Speed of Light.''
But they are relatively complacent.
That must be our preoccupation, and that is our action plan.
Of all the decisions he made in not securing a player the Mets wanted, the one that could be viewed with a questionable eye was the Mets' rapid removal from the Alex Rodriguez sweepstakes.
Her sudden death, however, has swiftly become the focus of the nation's anthrax investigation; she was the first New Yorker to die of the most serious form of the disease.
He has put four of his six children in crucial positions at CardWeb .com, a financial services company that he founded with his wife, Anita, 15 years ago in the basement of his Frederick, Md., home.
Thank god for Samuel Abt's colorful and in-depth coverage in The Times.
''It means like a running onion.''
As the inquiry has intensified, allies of Mr. Torricelli have also been quick to cast it as a chilling example of the sort of unchecked powers sometimes granted to special prosecutors and independent counsels.
Justice for All Random House's Modern Library plans a May 2002 publication of ''Some Memories of a Long Life, 1854-1911,'' by Malvina Shanklin Harlan, with a foreword by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg of the Supreme Court.
Of the 27 oil platforms off the California coast, 19 are in the Santa Barbara Channel and most are expected to close within 15 years.
''Anyone who thinks she's not a star doesn't know what this business is about.''
Russia's economy will end the year with growth of 5 percent to 5.5 percent, a slight slowing from last year, dragged down by the worldwide economic slump, a minister said today.
Lawmakers said Mr. Ashcroft told them he was not inclined to reopen the case.
''If there was an opening, he was going to take it,'' Torre said.
Further reductions seem likely, as the companies said that they expected annual cost savings of $2.5 billion by the middle of their fiscal year in 2004.
He termed the raid -- in which Israeli undercover agents stole into Palestinian-ruled territory to arrest Palestinian security officers -- a ''phony operation.''
She mentioned the idea to Sir Martin Sorrell, chief executive of the WPP Group, which owns Ogilvy.
She reached the Wimbledon semifinals in 1997, but lost in the second round last year.
''If the community is dissatisfied with its representation, voters are free to exercise the power of the ballot box to either reward or punish that representative,'' said Doris R. Duffy, a member of the Baldwin Community Association and chairwoman of a committee on legislative redistricting.
A7 Push for Calm in Macedonia Talks to resolve the rebel crisis are back on track, President Boris Trajkovski said, even as shelling and shooting continued around the northern mountains, where government troops and ethnic Albanians have been fighting for four months.
INSIDE PITCH JOHN STEARNS, the third-base coach, said he told TSUYOSHI SHINJO to tag up on a shallow fly ball with one out in the second inning and pitcher AL LEITER on deck.
They contend that it would be a ''dangerous precedent'' for Congress to start telling them which drugs to prescribe.
To the Editor: I believe that David Giovannoni refutes his own point when he describes flipping around his radio dial and happening on Alan Ginsberg reading ''Howl.''
At times, the prices they paid for raw sugar were higher than those at which they could sell refined sugar.
In the mid-1990's, at least 35 percent of Quindío's workers were directly employed in the coffee industry.
and Chubb, which together account for more than a third of the market for corporate directors' and officers' insurance, have said that they are making the change.
Then Mr. Amenoff handed him another award.
Contributions may be sent to the John B. Oakes Award for Distinguished Environmental Journalism at the Natural Resources Defense Council, 40 West 20 Street, New York, New York 10011.
''When I look at music, I'm always struck by the instruments that connect the gestures to the sound,'' Dr. Hawley said.
He is also worried about the lack of community spirit and the consumerism that overtake some of the emigres.
Not to mention more than 200 books, according to Amazon.com, by authors ranging from Norman Mailer, who called her the ''Stradivarius of sex,'' to Gloria Steinem, who viewed her a vulnerable ''child-woman,'' to those who say she was murdered by the Kennedys or the Mafia.
There is also the free-speech guarantee of the First Amendment.
From this roster, he inherited only Iverson from a 22-victory team.
On the hot-button issue, known to provoke emotions, he was respected as a negotiator and mediator who helped gain acceptance for the idea.
This package includes one night's accommodation, a four-course dinner with open bar, a champagne toast and a Neville Brothers concert in the Imperial Ballroom for $550 a person, double occupancy; (504) 529-7111, www.fairmont.com.
By comparison, lasagnette made with chestnut pasta, goat's milk ricotta and wild mushrooms was dry and uninspired.
I just want to contribute.''
But like Mr. Levin, he said he wanted to be directly involved with interactive television now that it is poised to make a profit.
The place had a homey feeling, with mismatched but comfortable furnishings, cookware hanging from the hearth and Andy Williams on the CD player.
''The game will be over if anybody isn't in it by then,'' said Dr. Greg S. Allgood, assistant director of Procter's Nutrition Science Institute.
''That was great and it helped me to stay positive.
Detective Vanoy said Mr. Kerik's mother was found, bruised all over and having convulsions, on an apartment bed in a seedy, bar-filled section of Newark, about 25 miles east of Columbus.
Starting out on a day of shopping, Barbara Graivier stopped at her local Amoco gas station in downtown Chicago and found that prices had jumped again.
The first article dealt with homicide defendants, and the second dealt with the lawyers who handle hundreds of cases.
Yet the city has long struggled with high unemployment and deep poverty, particularly among its large Hispanic and immigrant population.
Fullback Greg Comella, quarterback Kerry Collins and wide receiver Joe Jurevicius all followed.
Yet the sight of Mr. Tanen's window and the glow of its light lingered, making me think of the disturbed enchantment we bring to all kinds of places, to streets, to doors, shops, monuments, even people, and how all of us, in our own way, not only mistake the visible world for what we think it is, or would like it to be, but must make the distance between who we are and what the real world is disappear.
Some people who watched it saw what has been described as a strange, split-second flash that, on closer inspection, was a still picture of a tribal African woman holding a basketball.
Democrats sat stone-faced as President Bush talked about privatizing Social Security and gave a full-throated approval to the line, ''Government shouldn't fund religious activities.''
And it left Mr. Koizumi's critics somewhat deflated.
'The Book of Uncommon Prayer' Miller Theater John Musto's ''Book of Uncommon Prayer,'' which had its first performance on Saturday night, is a puzzle.
Curiously, Palm Springs has something of a split personality.
''You don't have to be in Washington to work.
Some of the children attend Darul Arkam, Westchester's only Muslim school, which is in the basement of the Muslim Center's mosque.
SAN DIEGO PADRES--Optioned RHP Junior Herndon to Portland of PCL.
''The only option we could take is never to hire him again.''
* Mr. Bush called for expanding NATO all across the frontier with Russia.
He created a fluid, democratic trio, rather than one featuring a pianist with accompanists.
The market is increasingly fragile.''
It was O'Neal's outstanding performance -- 44 points, 21 rebounds and 7 blocked shots -- that powered the Lakers to a 108-105 triumph today in the opening game of the Western Conference semifinals at the Staples Center.
For ''Play,'' which features three actors in large urns with just their heads showing, he specified that a spotlight shine on each only when he or she is speaking, cutting quickly back and forth among the three.
The penalties are intended to reduce accidents at toll plazas.
At the same time, new accounting rules are forcing banks to recognize losses on securities portfolios, draining away their earnings.
Such numbers provide encouragement to the Democrats, who do not currently control either branch of the New Jersey Legislature or the governor's office.
''We shop there and we support it.
In percent (Sources: Salomon Smith Barney; Telerate; The Bond Buyer)
George E. Pataki appointed a three-member task force in January to study the pay issue after family lawyers refused to take new cases for two weeks, but no action has been taken.
police officers bellowed through loudspeakers attached to flatbed trucks.
For 130 days, Robert Tools's recovery as the first of five recipients of a self-contained artificial heart was faster and less eventful than his doctors at Jewish Hospital in Louisville had hoped.
11 Syracuse, 74-60, last night, ending a five-game losing streak to the Orangemen.
So Mr. Meyer was inclined to see the stories in things.
In case you haven't noticed, the world lately has done for the Bush foreign policy what Senator Jim Jeffords did for the Bush domestic policy -- pushed back.
Although aerial defoliation of coca has been used across Colombia for 10 years, government officials here say this is the first serious effort in this isolated region.
On June 2, the public will again be able to visit Eastern's grounds and to preview the planned museum.
''I was looking forward to six months off, because doing 'Kiss Me, Kate' was exhausting,'' Mr. Mitchell said over a bowl of clam chowder at a restaurant in the theater district.
''In the simplest terms, the Japanese are good savers; they are not investors,'' said Brian Murdock, president of Merrill Lynch's operations here.
The police have again jailed Muhammad Moaada, an outspoken opponent of President Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali.
Assessing Cole Blame Navy officials looking at the bombing of the American destroyer are recommending no punishment for the captain or crew.
Noach Dear, the Transportation Committee chairman, said that if the change succeeded on Staten Island, it might be studied for citywide use.
NATO ambassadors approved the basic concept of the force at a meeting in Brussels yesterday.
''I haven't seen anything quite like it,'' Mr. Gillman said.
She does not, however, advocate going so far as to stop giving aid.
SPECIAL FEATURE: A video visit to the restaurant: http://www.nytimes.com/restaurant PAST REVIEWS: Restaurant reviews from The New York Times, with additional capsule reviews by Times critics, are available on New York Today: www.nytoday.com
''This is not a guy trying to control the process but to provide leadership, not by demonizing people but by lifting people up.''
The Europeans' tough line on Palestinian terrorism was new, as was the call for a Palestinian Authority message in Arabic on stopping the violence.
Wind-driven rains stripped the fireproofing from the framework it was meant to protect, and construction workers had to improvise dams and diverters to channel the water away.
Hardly is synchro mentioned, even in newspaper sports pages, without reference to the mid-80's ''Saturday Night Live'' skit with Martin Short as Lawrence, the fey synchro devotee who wanted desperately to participate in the woman-dominated sport.
The group, the Earth Liberation Front, is a loose-knit underground network that for a few years has periodically been using arson as a weapon against additional targets as well.
The Yugoslav cabinet adopted a decree today committing itself to sending the former president, Slobodan Milosevic, to the United Nations tribunal in The Hague to face trial on war crimes charges.
Two months later he had a double bypass operation, then returned to his normal routine -- only this time he watched his diet and rode an exercise bicycle every evening after work.
A carafe of red is $6.25 to $10.40.
Now she has matched Gibson's back-to-back titles, in 1957 and 1958.
People were not really talking about the past or about responsibility.
Pound him and eventually the ball is going to come out.''
Included with the wheel's advanced transport system is everything you need to easily and quickly take food to market or to roll over termite holes.
Kevin Bacon has a funny cameo as an actor tagging along with the local homicide detectives, and Ms. Dern is a terrifying tornado of smiley, obsessive-compulsive femininity.
''The rules of the game must be clear to the Palestinians.
At Flettner, Dr. Hohenemser helped invent one of the first helicopters used in combat, the Fl 282 Kolibri.
Footnotes The 22nd Copenhagen Jazz Festival begins on Friday in Denmark.
The meetings, requested by Intel, also covered Mr. Bush's energy, tax cut and education plans and were ''quite useful'' in the effort to win federal approval of the merger between one of Intel's United States suppliers and a Dutch company, Mr. Jarrett said.
Though no one seriously proposes that Lower Manhattan will soon overtake the Upper East Side as a destination for cultural tourism, it has some special advantages in being wrapped by waterfront.
The Read's project has the wholehearted support of the mayor's office, the city council, the business community, area philanthropic organizations, artists, and grass roots organizations.
In the process he has locked onto the outrageous flirt Do (Hélène De Fougerolles).
A rebound hoop by Micah Brand put UMass within 5, but Robertson's 3-point shot with 2:51 to play put UConn ahead, 59-51.
Sometimes he radiated the pure love that shines through his best songs; other times he was angry and perturbed.
She graduated from Barnard College with honors, received her Master's degree in Education at Teachers College and her Ph.D. in Guidance from Queens College.
A television version of the novel with Jessica Lange had me convinced that Cather should never be dramatized.
''We have a postal box and sometimes the mail just disappears,'' he said, adding that one 1999 registration and fee did not show up in the regular mail until the fall of 2000.
We work hard in practice on blocking kicks and it paid off today.''
They are fronted by wide landscaped lawns and flowering trees and shrubs and are arranged so that all truck parking and loading is done in the rear of the buildings and not seen from the road.
And that means Ms. Devine is often the center of attention.
His lawyer said he would appeal to the Georgia Supreme Court.
Mr. Janiszewski said he and potential advertisers had appealed to the newspaper for coverage, but had been told that the company did not want its newswpapers competing for the same news and advertisers.
For chili with beans, add the kidney or pinto beans and simmer 1 hour more.
Its founder, DAWN ZIMMERMAN, is raising $3 million for a permanent school at the Town Industrial Park in Wainscott, and plans to add a grade a year up to 12th grade.
When Yale officials responded in October, they called for the university to assume power over the hiring and firing of Berkeley's dean, which is now held by than Berkeley's board.
An oar is certainly a mechanical device.
The braised beef with zinfandel and winter vegetables sounded terrific, but it would need to wait for the cool weather and all the root vegetables to return.
The characters are created and filmed at Hot Animation, a four-year-old studio on the outskirts of Manchester, the old industrial city that has become a center for British puppet animation.
''The odds are at least one in three, and possibly greater than 50 percent, that the market will underperform the 20-odd percent upward trajectory of the past.''
The change of management, Mr. Hardy said, may restore ''some but not enough'' confidence to investors' view of Marconi.
Mr. Vitulli began working at Artcraft Silversmiths in 1987, learning the trade from Donald Troup, who, with Roy Allen, ran the company for nearly 40 years.
''We didn't see a profitable future in this area,'' Edward Dolman, Christie's chief executive, said at the time.
In July, the couple married and began searching and saving for a home.
Mr. Chrobog, back in Berlin as a senior Foreign Ministry official, was not pleased.
Mr. Kroll noticed that although Vance was smart -- his I.Q.
The key was a 20-yard run by tailback Cameron Atkinson, who had 115 yards on 18 carries.
Her parents died, along with her only sister.
The chef is Mr. Suksomsong's wife, Oudy, whose maiden name, Tiensenswang, means candlelight in Thai.
Now, there is this flat, impersonal energy.
's recruitment of agents -- spies -- who have committed human rights violations, his spokesman said on Friday.
Web site: Untied.com (for complaints about United Airlines) Complaint: United Airlines employees are incompetent.
The Nets extended their lead to 54-37 after the technical free throws and a jumper by Kittles.
When the Knights crept within 4 points with 5:37 left, Bangura and Shaw had driving layups that finally squashed the Knights.
Within a couple of months, the network expects to begin adding new footage to the system, whether it comes in from digital cameras or as conventional videotape.
As further testimony, hundreds of dead flies and bees litter the floor.
At this point, Seton Hall's fragile young egos were in no shape to wage much of a fight.
Main courses include shrimp-stuffed branzino, or sea bream, with braised escarole, dried tomatoes and almonds, and cacciucco del Circo, the restaurant's take on the traditional fish stew from Livorno, which normally has five kinds of seafood, one for each ''c'' in the name of the dish.
And George W. Bush has installed a bust of Dwight D. Eisenhower in the Oval Office.
Argentina has also been unable to avail itself of the additional $3 billion included in the I.M.F.
On a tip from the driver, the Louziotises tried the Broadway Diner and, as predicted, the roast beef sandwich was a meal all by itself.
The atmosphere was friendly and nice, and Aaron treated everybody like a star.
Under Parcells and his successor as coach, Al Groh, players' wives and companions, virtually all front-office officials, scouts and the news media were kept away from Jets practices once the season started.
A report last Sunday about the wedding of Kimberly Eames Donaldson and Andre Bassim Kikoski omitted the bride's educational background.
director, once acknowledged that given the traditional sovreignty accorded sunken warships, C.I.A.
Mr. McCall, who is seeking the Democratic nomination for governor, would not comment on the arrest.
On other topics, Mr. Tenet reaffirmed the Central Intelligence Agency's belief that the nature and structure of anti-American terrorism had radically changed over the last few years and was now dominated by independent and decentralized groups like that of Osama bin Laden.
Visually, the Oyster Bar cake probably walks away with the prize, but I like the spirit in which the Tonic and Jane rose to the challenge of making a topical dessert.
''I don't know how much we weren't ready,'' Messier said.
Taking your lunch -- or breakfast or dinner -- on board may become commonplace even on major airlines after the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington.
''That was pretty rough,'' Mr. Penny said later.
''The Garden State: A History of Farming in New Jersey.''
''I'm not sure why the Fed is dragging its feet,'' said Stephen Slifer, chief United States economist at Lehman Brothers.
''There's no question we enjoy Yankee Stadium,'' Joe Torre said.
C1 'Ally McBeal' Losing Appeal The Fox comedy series starring Calista Flockhart that in its first four seasons generated big ratings, numerous male-female sociological discussions and a Time magazine cover story, is now generating mostly shrugs.
Shares in ASM Lithography Holding N.V. dropped almost 12 percent after the company cut forecasts for shipments of machines that etch circuits onto semiconductors.
Many took a deep collective breath today and asked themselves when, not if, the next suicide bombing would occur.
The city hadn't rejected her family.
Britain has a quarter-century of experience wrestling with modern terrorism, but security experts and insurance analysts here acknowledge that the lessons it has learned and the defense it has developed for dealing with the specific risks posed by extremists from Northern Ireland may be of little use against the threat posed by radical Muslims.
I have spent plenty of time in mall parking lots, and I have never stopped to watch the birds.
THE last time the Americans, Russians and Chinese were all in a coalition to defeat a common enemy, it was the spring of 1945, when Stalin belatedly joined Harry S. Truman and Chiang Kai-shek in the battle against Japan.
In both cases, the meaning was that the president's message contained not merely something for everybody, but everything for everybody -- tax cuts, debt reduction, increased spending, the works.
''Italy is going neither right nor left,'' he says, ''but downhill.''
''It's not a whole lot relative to what they make during the regular season,'' N.H.L.
Ms. Bourgeois, 89, is famously eccentric, reclusive and imperious.
We are exempting these federal employees from Civil Service Act requirements and creating a system that, on the eve of one of our most important and most traveled family holidays, will send a strong message of confidence to the American people.''
Bell, the attorney general in the Carter administration.
Many of the new customers are what cellphone companies call glovebox users -- people who have no intention of walking around downtown with a handset grafted to their temples but who simply want to keep a phone in the glove compartment for emergency use.
But then, the hourlong ''Target'' took best documentary prizes at the SXSW and Slamdance film festivals, which piqued the interest of HBO, which owns Cinemax.
CUNY's general counsel, Frederick P. Schaffer, began to review the university's policies regarding foreign students after the terrorist attacks.
Roland Roberts scored 24 points to lead Southern Illinois to a surprising 66-57 triumph over Iowa State in the second round of the Las Vegas Invitational yesterday.
If all this had been happening at a voting booth or at Bloomingdale's or some other kind of clinic, it would have been treated very differently.''
SAPERSTEIN-Herman J., 84, of Aventura, FL, formerly of Brooklyn.
''We're trying to do this show to get the biggest ratings the show has had in a while,'' Mr. Smith said.
He dined out at a steak house in Washington.
James Mangold (''Cop Land'') is the director.
Mr. Putin warned in June that a unilateral American withdrawal from the treaty, which he describes as ''the cornerstone of strategic stability,'' would negate 30 years of arms control accords, set off a new arms race among aspiring nuclear powers and force Russia to build a new generation of missiles with multiple warheads, something that Moscow had pledged not to do.
Less effective are the passages where Mr. Lewis is quoting the Unabomber or holding forth about the so-called techno-elite.
Some Americans favor any environmental regulation regardless of the costs, others oppose any environmental regulation regardless of the benefits.
Xerox restated earnings for the last three years in May because some accounting practices were misapplied.
Snapper is a name of convenience; actually, each of the Hawaiian varieties comes from a different genus, and the Florida red snapper comes from still another.
They include an upgraded air-filtration system and satisfactory air-quality tests, a full-time custodian, a repaired intercom system, new vacuum cleaners as well as an additional school safety guard, among other things.
Barry Bonds hit his 41st and 42nd home runs of the season last night in San Francisco to tie Mickey Mantle for ninth place on the career list with 536.
In its 15th annual communications industry forecast, released today, the firm, which specializes in the media, predicted that advertising spending in the United States would increase 6.9 percent next year.
I have to say: 'Hey, I'm a marine.
Scallops are rich food, and here they're in a dish that gives you a few wonderfully seasoned bites.
Six Suffolk County coin dealers were charged yesterday by the state attorney general's office with bilking more than 1,000 customers across the nation, most of them elderly, out of at least $25 million in a telemarketing scheme that lasted seven years.
JACKSONVILLE JAGUARS--Signed P David Leaverton to a three-year contract.
This was more like a cat burglary on a 42nd-floor balcony, barely eluding danger.
''And my phone,'' she said, ''which I'm about to put in my bag, so I can keep track of my life.''
He added, ''In Cambridge we went to see Charlie Chan movies.''
She has more say there.
But it said Guinean soldiers are committing atrocities too.
In the first game, David Cone went five and two-thirds innings for the victory.
Frank J. Clark, the Erie County district attorney, said a recent case in Buffalo involving the country singers Tim McGraw and Kenny Chesney showed how celebrity cases can take on a life of their own.
Toronto, meanwhile, has itself undergone something of a transformation because of the flood of entertainment-related business.
All weekend, people were mobbing stores to load up on bread and milk, even those who didn't drink milk.
The United States should have the chance to observe and assess the functioning of the Court, over time, before choosing to become subject to its jurisdiction.
But while the prosecution maintains that Mr. Harris repeatedly kicked his victim, Mr. Martini said Mr. Harris had only nudged Mr. Simon's head with his foot.
Though it is a major crude oil exporter, it imports refined products like gasoline and fuel oil, so its consumers suffer somewhat when oil prices rise.
For those who must take cholesterol-lowering drugs, the confusion has been compounded by the recall this month of a leading medication, Baycol, after 31 deaths from kidney failure caused by excessive muscle breakdown.
Designed by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Lincoln Laboratories and constructed by I.B.M., it pioneered technology that modern computer users now consider standard, including dial-up telephone modems and the mouse.
''We are not convinced at this stage that he is capable of producing a nuclear bomb.''
Using one gangster to fight another might be justifiable if some progress could be seen a decade hence.
The rookie Kenyon Martin walked that fine line between aggression and recklessness, putting together his first career triple-double.
The message hasn't been lost on manufacturers.
''They're really just eking out an existence in the wild.''
-- Dan Margolis, Pennsylvania If your parents are O.K.
But almost all economists now agree with the position that monetary policy, not fiscal policy, is the tool of choice for fighting recessions.
He will meet tribunal lawyers over the next few weeks to confirm his participation, and he is quite unlikely to testify until the autumn at the earliest.
I was concerned, but I was concerned about a lot of things Bill did.
He included his own current software-tool company, UserLand, among the viable businesses in the coming Internet era.
''We will lead the rest of the nation out of the recession, I believe, and that's the first time we will be able to do that.''
A.I.G., under its chairman and chief executive, Maurice R. Greenberg, is leading insurers in raising rates to recover losses.
Later he added a complimentary dessert (kadaif, a minced walnut stuffed, honey-soaked, shredded wheat pastry) to the three we'd ordered.
''I'm going to give it a hard push,'' Sampras said in a conference call to announce his association with the Tennis Channel, which is expected to begin televising next summer.
The mayor says that about you at times, that you're lost in your budget numbers and that you don't really understand the broader picture.
Williamson's elbow swelled after a 3-2 victory Tuesday night over the Pittsburgh Pirates.
''When we had political machines, they provided a degree of local responsiveness,'' he said.
Strikingly, President Bush's approval rating among Californians is higher, the survey said, at 57 percent, in spite of Mr. Davis's claims that the president is partly at fault for the state's energy problems.
's abrasive boss, tells hm at the start of a 31-hour tour.
''The traffic counts we did prior to opening the store were very good even without the boost we'll get from the expansion of Midway.
The decision to offer a relatively hefty tax credit for ''hybrid'' cars, which use a combination of gasoline and battery power, is bound to help both Detroit and two Japanese automakers -- Honda and Toyota -- which are already marketing such vehicles in the United States.
But when you are winning the way Adelphi is -- the Panthers have trailed at halftime only once this season -- you can have fun.
She leaves her brother Richard Vietor and his wife Lucinda and their children Nicholas, Christopher and Meredith.
Comparing the incorporation of foreigners to sword- and fire-swallowing feats at a circus, James reflected on what it meant for America to share its patrimony with those ''inconceivable aliens.''
Almost anything American has cachet at the moment, in part because American cheesemakers have shown real flair when it comes to names.
A lawyer for Mr. Plouffe, Leslie Berger Kiernan, would not confirm that he had received a target letter from the task force, but strongly defended his actions.
''He's the guy with the bull's-eye on his back,'' offensive tackle Lomas Brown said.
GEORGE R. WOOLFE Pittsboro, N.C., Oct. 18, 2001
has made its rare appearances with an entirely different strategy.
''They move there and they come back.
beyond those in that familiar song.
In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to either of the following: Cancer Research Foundation, c/o Dr. Janice Dutcher, 640 W. 239th St, Riverdale, NY 10463; or, the Cancer Support Team, 933 Mamaroneck Ave, Suite 102, Mamaroneck, NY 10543.
Do video stores really want tapes back on time?
The Bush plan contains much good news for the industry, which has not gotten much respect in recent years.
2 to 3:30 p.m. Information: (718) 990-0858 or (718) 990-8549.
The Oracle Corporation, saying it was determined ''not to be bowed by despicable acts of terrorism,'' released first-quarter earnings yesterday that slightly exceeded Wall Street's estimates despite lower sales.
Jeremy McNeil's 3-point attempt got a favorable bounce and touched off a 10-0 spurt.
As a result, Mr. Goeas said, poll results to be released on Monday show that 50 percent of the public views Mr. Gore favorably, 42 percent unfavorably.
In ''The Concert,'' a new group piece by Karla Wolfangle that was set to Handel, eight women were elegant in a stately dance enhanced by black dresses designed by the choreographer.
He said that ''we need fundamental changes in Medicare'' just to ensure that existing benefits can be provided to the baby boom generation.
A moment later, Mr. Jones turns to Mr. Filo and, with a touch of gallows humor, says, ''I need you to do an autopsy.''
And I wondered: What can she be thinking?
Other bridesmaids are dressing in casual sportswear.
''And I think some people got locked into that mind-set.
That is why the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta issued a national alert on Sept. 11 calling on public health officials to ''initiate heightened surveillance for any unusual disease occurrence or increased numbers of illnesses that might be associated with today's events.''
Sometimes they want help for their businesses, too.
In the United States, the company's largest market, 43 percent of Avon customers are between the ages of 15 and 34.
With ground strokes sailing 10 feet long on big points, he was not the vision of a champion.
This singer and pianist has one of the slowest deliveries in jazz singing, and did before most other vocalists caught on to the trick.
She came back in on Monday, still crying.
Representative Marge Roukema, Republican of New Jersey, said she, too, was resisting the president.
He could sing like Jennifer Holliday in the musical ''Dreamgirls,'' he could emote like Norma Desmond in ''Sunset Boulevard'' and he danced ''like Tina Turner,'' said Larry Courtney, Mr. Clark's partner for the last 13 years.
Everyone objected to the recurrent criticisms of black sitcoms -- primarly by black critics -- as buffoonish and racially demeaning.
Dennis Russell Davies, masterfully conducting the American Composers Orchestra, knew when to emphasize some nice harmonic turn or draw out interesting inner voices, and when simply to let the run-on patterns run on, trusting that they would engender among listeners the desired quality of repose.
The man with the gallbladder tumor received the diagnosis after Mr. LaSalle sent him for a sonogram after he complained of stomach pain.
But you can't lose hope.
Sutton was five under par through 13 holes, but he bogeyed No.
''Approximately 100 percent of the flights in December were delayed every day,'' he said.
Life has been good to them, they say, and they want to contribute to society.
The exchange was made because Orlando still owed the Rockets a first-round draft pick as part of a three-team, 11-player deal among Houston, Vancouver and Orlando.
''Why would you give people antibiotics first and have them get into all the side effects?''
The Nasdaq was dragged down by big technology names like Sun Microsystems, the network computer maker.
Mr. Equale is a Democrat who headed one of the largest and most Republican-leaning trade groups in Washington.
The city is now barely a husk of the world capital it was a century ago, when its artists and intellectuals and its polyglot population made Vienna the supreme embodiment of cosmopolitanism in modern times.
Her mother, who is retired, was an antiques dealer in Huntington.
A subsequent strike by actors would, however, effectively shut down the entertainment industry in Hollywood and have widespread economic repercussions throughout Southern California.
The Assembly majority leader, Paul DiGaetano, said he planned to introduce the bill on Monday.
Inevitably, some once exciting voices, like that of the tenor Alexei Steblianko, have fallen into dull (and, one imagines, comfortable) obscurity.
HEIMER-Ralph, Ph.D. Of Philadelphia, PA in Rome on January 10.
I think, for a while, the musicians felt they could go on, and one of the things we discussed was the healing power of music.
I had been struggling all series.''
Kraft Foods Inc., the Philip Morris Companies unit that makes Oreo cookies and Oscar Mayer lunch meats, narrowed the price range for its initial stock sale to $27 to $30 a share, or as much as $8.4 billion.
The bill is perhaps most challenging for Mr. Vallone, who at 66 finds himself at the crossroads of his long political career.
On a deck overlooking Shinnecock Bay, they dined in parties of three and four, and when a band launched into George Michael's ''Freedom,'' it was a cue to leap up and dance with one another.
''Many times he is a defenseless player, a guy in the act of throwing who cannot prepare for a hit.
But operations halted in 1989, and since then trees have sprouted from the crags, a stream wends its way around the quarry floor, and rabbit, deer and Canada geese have taken up refuge, sharing the site with the rusting hulks of long-dormant heavy machinery.
Dr. David Gelernter, a computer scientist at Yale, described efforts in the 1980's to create highly advanced software that would allow researchers to work together.
She had, as the book explains in wild detail, been scheming like this her whole life.
Mr. Estrada, toppled in a popular revolt three months ago, is accused of abusing his position to amass more than $80 million.
It jerked Audi, a division of Volkswagen, out of a deep slump and refocused the company, whose prices had risen too high and whose quality had slipped.
''He just wanted to do the best he could,'' said his wife, Suzanne.
Stir the thyme into the shallots, then scrape the shallots into a bowl.
One of Mel's best friends, Desiree, said something mean about Tory to Julie, and Julie turned right around and told Tory what Des said.
There, Frank DeCarlo, above, the chef and a co-owner, has installed a handmade brick oven, grill, rotisserie and cooktop with tandoor-like wells, all of which use wood and charcoal as fuel.
''We have so much overlap of interests that if we trusted each other we could go very far together,'' he said of the pilots.
But along with the Giants' quarterback and their offense and their defense and their special teams, the whole lot, the receivers had become unglued.
''I'd like people to leave the play,'' Ms. Zimmerman said, ''asking themselves whom they haven't forgiven, whom they could forgive, or whom they couldn't.
Mr. Shugart says his department stands to gain a valuable understanding of savanna ecology, for instance.
''Companies that have lots of cash and little debt are less financially risky,'' Mr. Schwarzkopf said, ''and they can take advantage of opportunities during difficult times, when other companies are struggling.''
In addition, some investors are worried that the return of budget deficits as the government cuts taxes and increases spending to stimulate the economy and fight the war will push interest rates higher.
Most of these people are presumably honest, and simply have not been taken off one list after moving.
'3 A.M.' Showtime, Sunday at 8 p.m.
But since Sept. 11, public officials have mused publicly about whether a nuclear plant would withstand the crash of a jet any better than the World Trade Center did, and the technology's opponents have found a wider audience.
And yet Mr. Heaney (''I've never been a city person'') said of his 2-hour, 10-minute commute, ''I think I would do this for the rest of my life.''
Often, training material for such jobs was lost at the disaster site.
But in a series of landmark decisions starting with Shaw v. Reno in 1993, the Supreme Court struck down districting plans on the ground that state legislators had given too much weight to race as a factor in drawing the lines.
MICHAEL LOVE, an interior designer in Manhattan, has a rule of thumb for kitchen appliances.
Near the nightclub's entrance, Captain McNally's crew raised a ladder to the roof.
MILWAUKEE BREWERS--Agreed to terms with RHP Jon Steitz.
''You're all wearing tuxedos,'' observed the mayor, who was wearing a business suit and was, presumably, addressing the men in the room.
But it gets more than half of its revenue from corporate security products, and it said those sales represented an increase in net revenue of 18 percent over the quarter in 1999, and a 45 percent jump in net income.
The hijackers used the enemy's planes and studied in the enemy's schools.
Bronxville Public School, 177 Pondfield Road, Bronxville.
Soon her lawyers started negotiating prices for her medical care.
All four engines were sliced off the wings in one day.
''We are going to be more music-focused than ever,'' said Judy McGrath, the president of the MTV Group.
During the six-week session, which started July 9, students attend classes four days a week.
E.T.A., which has killed more than 800 people in its 33-year struggle, recently issued a communiqué saying it was willing to talk about peace if the government would put Basque independence from Spain and France to a popular vote.
He can hardly speak out, but does he privately express unease?
Full-fat yogurt is recommended for babies and toddlers, who need the fat and cholesterol for brain development and overall growth, but after age 2 it is best to switch to lower-fat products.
Wilson and his co-skipper, the round-the-world racing veteran Bill Biewenga, had sailed into Manhattan on Sept. 10, a day before the attack on the World Trade Center.
Mr. Pellicano said the city was bound to repay the bonds if the parking authority defaulted -- and that the cost would be passed along to taxpayers.
''In my school, there's a lot of gay-bashing,'' said Carlos, 17.
With their bargain rates (a relative term), they tend to appeal to businesses seeking accommodations for midlevel employees or trainees, to cultural institutions housing performers and technical crews, to nonprofit organizations, to nurses temporarily deployed to city hospitals.
And more than 17 percent of interns at law firms this summer are members of minority groups.
To coax these wines to open further through intense aeration, I used a common-sense method of converting a bottle into a decanter (in the kitchen, not in the dining room with guests present) taught to me by Russell Hone, a veteran wine broker in Burgundy: pour out a few ounces, recork the bottle, gently turn it upside down a half-dozen or so times.
The final buzzer sounded, and Johnson walked off the court, shaking his head and saying, ''Game over,'' as the Mavericks looked for the referees to make a call.
This soldier, whose exploits are recorded regularly in 1,800 newspapers, is Beetle Bailey.
It stands on slender but sturdy legs of stainless steel, and it works its magic high up in the air.
Rarely has there been the kind of day that unfolded in the Senate yesterday.
Some of those losses were offset by gains in areas like construction and utilities, the comptroller's office said.
Helen, Steve, Stephanie, and Serena
I'm not him and that's as complicated and as simple as things get in this world.''
The witnesses said the man, whose identity had not been disclosed by the police early this morning, emerged from the subway entrance at the northeast corner of 42nd Street and Eighth Avenue about midnight, leaving a trail of blood on the sidewalk before he collapsed in front of a 42nd Street restaurant a few doors east.
Tenors who can just get through the role reasonably well are accorded abundant gratitude from Wagner fans.
''People who are suffering mental illness are suffering from pain,'' she screams at the camera.
There also is not any correlation with education, intelligence or social status.''
Add stock to pan, stir and simmer 10 minutes.
The company added just less than 700 new stores in the last year, so same-store sales are the best way to determine how Gap merchandise is performing.
Talisman, he said, ''has also taken on an advocacy role at the highest levels of the government of Sudan, where we have discussed numerous issues, including the protection of human rights, the peace process and the equitable distribution of oil revenues to all peoples and regions of Sudan.''
But the Bush administration has opted to wait and see if the two sides can end the violence, which started in late September and has claimed nearly 600 lives, including the latest casualty, the 12-year-old boy.
Maybe it is something about silence and stillness in a place that is so loud and frantic.
Protest threats in Washington had already forced the World Bank and the I.M.F.
Another student who was among the first archivists, Gina Pollara, said that she was overwhelmed by the dirt and the dust.
Instead of terminating in Brooklyn on weekends, it now runs at all times to Manhattan and Queens.
''It's not that way in Beijing.''
Sometimes, you've got to win the hard way.''
The work of data collection has already begun, but it won't swing into high gear until the Census Bureau releases detailed, town-by-town population statistics, which are not expected until mid-March at the earliest.
Mr. Thompson, a black conservative pal of Justice Thomas, played a particularly unsavory role during the Senate hearings as the member of the Thomas defense team designated to bolster the ludicrous notion that Ms. Hill may have suffered from a rare mental disorder known as erotomania -- the ''nutty and slutty'' defense.
with much love to Deborah, Liane, Lynda and family.
When the other companies announced plans for competing online jukeboxes, newspapers began preparing Napster's obituaries.
I'll make the decision for you and Tom Hicks.''
Arnold was raised in Chicago, Illinois, and Muncie, Indiana.
So semiconductor manufacturers have been making do with an add-on to the chip: a separate light-emitting diode, like one made of gallium arsenide, that is controlled by the chip.
Mr. Shah has assembled a high-priced legal defense team -- including a former attorney general of India -- who are trying to get him out on bail, so far without success.
Nonetheless, the real possibility that Kabul will fall within weeks gave new urgency to discussions on various ways to establish order and security in the city.
Alvin Lee, an opposition party member who is the committee vice chairman, said in an interview that while he could not discuss the panel's findings, he personally felt there was substantial evidence of presidential misconduct.
The film's slightly overcomplicated plot is built around the tension between old and new, Western and Chinese.
The live-on-tape technique has been standard practice in sitcoms for years but a rarity in prime-time drama series.
NEKROPOLIS, by Maureen F. McHugh (Eos/HarperCollins, $25), is as tightly focused as ''Look to Windward'' is sprawling.
So far, the rebellions are local and lack coherence.
Palestinian hospitals reported more than 40 people wounded by gunfire and shrapnel, with two people in critical condition.
He would not say how many or give their names, but law enforcement officials suggested they were mostly the 11 held under seal, mostly in New York.
I shouldn't have won that match.
In the Netherlands, the price of a gram has remained steady at $75, said Rob van der Veen, an Amsterdam police spokesman.
The immigrant father is as lost as Ton-Su, and it all ends in tragedy.
He taught French to French children in Tours.
And not as easy to find in the postpractice sprints.
First Union, which is based in Charlotte, N.C., is battling with SunTrust Banks Inc. to acquire Wachovia.
Inside, walls fashionably clad in a variety of lean industrial materials are studded with television monitors permanently tuned to the Oxygen Network.
Coach is reissuing its popular Duffle Sac (above), the large, slouchy leather bag seen on the shoulder of many a Condé Nast editor in the 70's and 80's.
With a fervent but courtly public demeanor and a drawl still evident a half-century after he left the South, he seemed to revel in such controversies.
A16 SCIENCE/HEALTH Bright Side of Black Holes A surprising find by astronomers, expected to be announced today, may change the dark reputation of black holes.
Beloved son, brother and uncle; devoted partner; friend to animals.
Bodies ranged themselves at the back on bleachers in patterns that recalled the choreographer's signature dances on inclines.
Dick was committed to the Foundation's mission to provide education and support and to find the medical cure for Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis.
His most recent victory came last April, when he recorded a technical knockout in the 11th round against Robert McCracken in England.
A journalist's updated account of the Arab-Israeli conflict.
Many agents don't like best bids either.
He is deflecting shots, blocking the sight lines of the goalie and aggravating defensemen, along with Maple Leafs Coach Pat Quinn.
The verdict: substantial improvement in medical knowledge and record keeping, but still some problems in fine areas of judgment (as in when to operate on a patient in a hospital rather than an office).
On July 31, a coalition of 50 community groups led by the Asociación Tepeyac was formed to protest the department's decision.
On the other hand, Fontaine believes that the basis of the settlement -- the individual environmental assessments -- fits a continuing pattern of unfairness.
Ms. Anthony, a native of Kalamazoo, Mich., sings all over the world.
''I think it was unfortunate that Mark Green decided to go negative and put out distortion and lies,'' said Adolfo Carrión Jr., the Democratic nominee for Bronx borough president.
Much of that money will not be tallied and delivered to relief agencies for weeks.
(Aarne-Thompson folk tale type 154, if you must know.)
The evening ended with a suite of dances, gathered under the heading of ''Ancestral Memories,'' from Mali, Guinea and Senegal, some choreographed by Youssouf Koumbassa and Moustapha Bangoura.
Democrats and Republicans alike agreed today that parachuting former Representative Bob Franks into the race for the Republican nomination for governor has restored Republican prospects that had been badly tarnished under the man he replaces, Acting Gov.
Maybe there's not so much of the things that are being slung around like in the past, but there's a rivalry.
May the family be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
Two hundred forty-five kilos, in the Olympics.
You think some guy two levels down in the C.I.A.
Officials said the incident was being investigated, and declined to provide further details.
Data from the Federal Aviation Administration's air traffic control radar and from the Air Force, for example, helped the it locate the course of the Japanese vessel and its position at the bottom of the ocean.
Maybe keep some of it separate.
''Do not shoot at anyone's face or eyes.''
Cass R. Sunstein, a professor at the University of Chicago Law School who has collaborated with Dr. Frank, has his doubts, too, although he isn't as harsh on OSHA.
Others, like Roberto Sciarretta, who runs a clothing store on the edge of town, said they used simecs to buy shoes or jewelry.
''The Japan Coast Guard was attacked by rockets for the first time,'' Shigehiro Sakamoto, a chief of the Coast Guard's Guard and Rescue Department, said at a news conference today.
It is about two miles from Killington's Skyeship Base, which connects by lifts to the main base lodge and all trails save those at Pico Mountain.
''It's absolutely voluntary and beneficial to bondholders who will receive great advantages from better guarantees.''
In 1952, a writer in the journal The Reconstructionist crowed, ''If ever there was a real hope of developing a distinctive Jewish style in architecture it is now.''
When Mr. Weitzman saw that the Village Underground was ''just like a mini-Tramps,'' he returned to his 365-day-a-year job.
His agent, James Gould, said he had no plans to appeal that now.
If there are Americans clamoring to bomb Afghanistan back to the Stone Age, they ought to know that this nation does not have so far to go.
Most of the wine is made by small growers who sell their production to the co-ops and the shippers.
The media frictions of the gulf war in 1991 led to an agreement in 1992 between Washington bureau chiefs and the Pentagon, and a set of guidelines, based on the premise that ''open and independent reporting will be the principal means of coverage of U.S. military operations.''
Let's say Gabriel Byrne walked onto a plane.
Mr. Schell was sick for three months, but here he is, rehearsing another show, his afflictions for the moment at bay.
In Senate testimony in February, Randall J. Newsome, a former president of the National Conference of Bankruptcy Judges, cited a conference-sponsored national study showing that the median household income for personal bankruptcies was $21,540, about $15,000 below the national median.
Her husband, Justin O'Brien Haynes, a businessman, died in 1973.
On Nov. 3 it will move to the Harley Gallery at Welbeck in Nottinghamshire, where it will stay until Dec. 23.
The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index jumped 29.48 points, or 2.6 percent, to 1,182.17.
As expected, the Bush administration's energy plan calls for added supply from domestic oil, gas and coal but also calls for government to ''streamline the licensing of nuclear power plants.''
On Friday, Beijing confirmed that it had detained a Chinese-American author, Wu Jianmin.
Net income declined 27 percent, to 201 million euros.
As for the post office and volunteer fire department that were housed in Appleton-owned buildings, a company spokesman, David Oskin, said, ''We're continuing to allow those to be operated.''
''We moved here six years ago from Urasoe City, but with all the noise here our younger son has been having constant problems,'' she said.
Trading on the favorable vulnerability, West overcalled one no-trump with two clubs, natural.
Russian space officials guaranteed the businessman, Dennis Tito, a seat aboard a Soyuz rocket to the space station in exchange for up to $20 million.
Women-becoming-men, he argues, really exist, the product of a society that has confused the emulation of one sex by the other with true equality.
According to Ms. Wenig, the landlord contacted Protective Services for Adults, which is part of the Human Resources Administration, and asked the agency to intervene, but it did not.
From the Palestinian perspective, the Israelis have done more than enough, assassinating suspected militants, shooting and killing teenage stone-throwers and bulldozing houses suspected of having been used by snipers as shelter.
In recent years, openings have exceeded closings by at least two to one.
But shabby is not really what a Shangri-La-Dee-Da place like the Gasparilla Inn is all about.
''Hanging with Mr. Cooper,'' however, will not join the lineup until March 18.
''I'm thrilled about putting out a new album,'' Ms. Denhert said.
The southbound 4 and 6 terminated at 42nd Street.
The propeller was fixed 15 months ago, and the water has improved enough for fish to live in it.
Admission: $8; $6 for students and 65+ (Michael Kimmelman).
Yet it also epitomized the contradictions that the Warped Tour bridges.
The downgrade is the latest setback to the efforts of the economy minister, Domingo Cavallo, to restore investor confidence that the country can meet payments on its $130 billion debt by balancing the budget.
But there was a flip side: Many of the top veteran drivers in Chevrolets, Fords and Pontiacs grumbled Thursday that Nascar had given the Dodges generous leeway to make the comeback smoother.
In lieu of flowers memorial contributions may be made to Equality Now or charity of donor's choice.
In a statement late Saturday, he said the people of Iran have ''reasonable demands'' and expect the government to do more toward fulfilling their wishes.
The purchase is far from assured.
Diary, what a wild and woolly business we chose -- this business of ''show.''
''I would probably concentrate on painting and sculpture primarily, but that wouldn't preclude video or other types of art.''
The hardest time is when you're standing around.
Stop when it is to your liking.
''She's watching TV every day,'' Mr. Karash said, ''and she says: 'It's just not safe.
It's only when the Arab-Muslim world sheds the veil of bin Laden, as Afghans shed the Taliban, and faces the fact that 9/11 was primarily about anger and problems with their societies, not ours, will we eradicate not just the hardware of terrorism, but its software.
Relief officials said 60 civilians were killed in a battle that lasted several hours.
This department is blessed with the Vogue-Word Watchers, shock troops of the Lexicographic Irregulars with eyes sharpened and ears cocked to catch the hot-hot in midflight.
The latter are part of the genus Pelargonium, while cranesbills belong to the genus Geranium.
The clearinghouse will not sell an organ to anyone who does not intend to restore it and use it.
AFTER winning the Pulitzer Prize in 1987 for his novel ''A Summons to Memphis,'' Peter Taylor, at 70 years old, was caught up for the first time in his life in a flurry of celebrity that broadened his audience beyond his regular core of New Yorker readers and the many poets and writers who had always admired his work.
But from her mother's point of view, the piano wasn't just an old piece of furniture.
The unemployment rate is more than a percentage point higher than the nation's average, and is one of the country's highest.
Agassi, a five-time champion of this event and its top seed, entered the match against Black carrying a two-match losing streak, both in opening rounds.
We don't want to be Pilates.
A spokesman for the bank declined to comment.
''I don't know,'' Hilliard said.
Each series is three games.
The native Latvians tend to see the Soviet troops as invaders and the Latvian resistance as freedom fighters.
''If they succeed in getting an inquiry authorized, then we're going to have turmoil for the next few months and everything else gets put on hold,'' said David Fleischer, a professor of political science at the National University of Brasília.
She said she believed that the team would develop a declaration against racism that could be supported by all nations.
On Sept. 23, 1949, President Harry S. Truman announced to the nation the troubling discovery.
The next day, the Germans launched four more attacks.
Just don't fly into a mountain and you'll be fine.
In 1953 Mr. McAllister joined Morgan Stanley & Co.'s corporate finance department, specializing in the consumer and oil service industries.
A little bigger than a laptop computer, a defibrillator costs up to $3,000.
I didn't think it was good for the union, the league or the fans.
The Reckson Associates Realty Corporation, a publicly traded real estate investment trust, is ''at the forefront of utilizing art as an invitation to draw people into its buildings,'' Mr. Sasso said.
MARK RYPIEN worked out with the Colts yesterday, three years after leaving the N.F.L so he could care for his ill son and wife.
In just under two minutes, he took the Bruins 80 yards in eight plays, hitting tight end Bryan Fletcher from 29 yards.
The agency report said, ''It is essential for the U.S. side to face up to the facts squarely, adopt a positive and practical approach and apologize to the Chinese people.''
''If that was the case, the function of the Supreme Court argument was to reveal to the American people and to history whether that decision had a basis or not.''
And nothing in the new developments affects the basic arithmetic that the anthrax attacks have harmed relatively few people.
Alone, we were told, it was too easy to stray off the path.
Once Lumumba was arrested, Mr. De Witte's reconstruction of events says, Belgium pressed for what a senior Belgian official called his ''definitive elimination.''
He acknowledged that at the time he owned nearly 8 percent of Parkway Hospital, which did receive tens of thousands in fees; he sold his stake later.
To the Editor: Re ''Ashcroft Warns of Terror Attacks Soon Against U.S.'' (front page, Oct. 30): What is new about today's terrorism is how far it can reach in a connected world.
After years of being defeated in the Legislature, the bill passed the Florida House, 110 to 1.
Mr. Carroll said Guangdong was Motorola's biggest cellular telephone market in China.
Dozens of merchants make a living at the sanctuary here, selling everything from beer to steaks to a wide assortment of trinkets.
Saturday nights at 8 and 10.
Decisions on interpolating virtual product placements will be made, Mr. Slagle said, after reviewing the filmed episodes of ''Law and Order,'' which will appear on TNT after running on NBC and rerunning on the A&E cable network.
Reviewing local records, Randi Hutton, a broker at Tilghman & Frost Coldwell Banker in Westport, said the average price in Darien rose 24 percent last year, from $718,052 to $890,504.
The Bears (11-3) are the surprise team in the National Football Conference, atop the Central division with a season that has included come-from-behind overtime victories over San Francisco and Cleveland and a fourth-quarter comeback victory against Detroit.
And when Rob wakes up to discover his cows have vanished, he gets so mad he loses his voice and is reduced for much of the rest of the film to talking in a squeaky whisper.
''I wanted to push him,'' he says.
But for many who have spent their lives in or near the Japanese professional game there is a feeling that rankles: that after decades of autonomous development this country's teams may suddenly be turning into yet another American farm league of sorts.
The official explanation is that the cows were probably fed tainted grain.
These receptors are the cell's way of recognizing potent hormones like estrogen, retinoic acid and thyroid hormone.
Home was where a wise-cracking king could show his gentle side: every night before he went to bed, Mr. Martineau made sure he kissed his two children, even though they were asleep.
Lemieux did not have a shot on goal in Thursday's game, which the Capitals won, 1-0.
His character imagines himself as a prisoner of a future government that has unfrozen him to harvest his organs, and Mr. Leary rebels against the neatness of the story much as Bill revolts against the impersonal bureaucracy that confines him.
The site, financed by the trade group and AT&T, is still in its early stages, but will eventually function as a resource for information available to students, teachers, police and elected officials, said Albert Harper, the institute's director.
I still got the essence of the Pacific Northwest, without days of shopping and chopping.
Mercy Hospital closed its inpatient AIDS unit in 1998 and dispersed the reduced numbers of patients around the hospital.
The pride of that young man, and that old woman who lived from garbage, began to work in my head.''
To loud laughter, the videotape shows him getting a man to don a cowboy hat and dark glasses to pantomime a Saturday night stud, and pulling a condom over a beer bottle to demonstrate its use.
On Oct. 15, the council endorsed the park plan.
''I don't pay for disloyalty.
''I ride him hard as soon as we got out of the gate.
We need him now to help us get out of this.''
''We might,'' was all Ms. Bendis could say.
and emissions are measured and compared on a per capita basis, the playing field suddenly gets much more mixed, with Singapore, Australia, and Saudi Arabia joining the United States in the group with far above average output of carbon dioxide, while other counties prove more efficient at producing things without adding to the greenhouse effect.
''I don't think anyone's going to throw themselves off of a bridge over the loss of a Diablo II character,'' Ms. Gray said.
In effect each bubble would be a new big bang, a new universe with different characteristics and perhaps even different dimensions.
''Florida has economic interests because the Expos and the Twins both have spring training here,'' she said by telephone from Tallahassee.
In the past several days, both candidates have stepped up their efforts to court and galvanize voters in the city's predominantly black neighborhoods, through endorsements, door-to-door campaigning and sheer ubiquity.
Saudis and Western diplomats said the Saudi government seemed to have inadvertently exported that attitude through large investments in spreading the faith.
Cassini has been reported to be dissatisfied that the show gives him insufficient credit as major author of Mrs. Kennedy's image.
The only recording was the voice of James Baldwin, high-strung and incantatory, but quiet too, and elegiac, speaking of the death of the heart and the life of the soul: ''The world's bitter enough,'' Baldwin said.
It was so popular that, in the beginning, it crashed almost every day.
But until recently, the Shawangunks have lacked the broader recognition and appeal of the Adirondacks and the Catskills.
Some guides, their livelihood dependent on interest in Pokemon remaining strong, have kept the list prices for Pokemon cards high despite falling prices on eBay, among wholesale dealers and in schoolyard transactions.
S.& P. cut Saks's corporate credit rating and senior unsecured debt to BB from BB+, or two notches below investment grade.
This rally occurred after the Yankees came back in Game 4 on a game-tying home run by Tino Martinez in the ninth with two out, then won the game on Derek Jeter's homer in the 10th.
''It's upsetting to know that there were scenes like this all over the country.''
's ''hard-target strategy,'' which it also uses for Russia, China, Iran, Iraq and North Korea, was concern that the United States could lose its closest ally in the Persian Gulf, just as it lost Iran in 1979 when a religious-based revolution overthrew the monarchy there, the officials said.
''For people to go back into that building is a challenge.''
At the bottom of the first third of the downhill, it was clear that this fantasy would have to be done in parts.
The experience is wonderful, but my scores are not yet what I want them to be.''
''I do not condone what was done,'' said Roberta Sponsler, director for tall-wall advertising at Viacom Outdoor.
After 16 Rd1 Nd5, Kramnik avoided 17 Nd5 ed 18 Rd5 because 18 .
Mr. Slovak added: ''We've been doing it at a very fast pace.
No one was at the Roscettis' blue one-story house in Southern View, near Springfield.
Calling Pete Hautman's RAG MAN (Simon & Schuster, $23) a comic mystery doesn't feel right -- although the characters who get swept up in the crooked schemes of a charismatic garment trade manufacturer are funny to the bone.
At the Ohio Theater, 66 Wooster Street, SoHo.
Bilateral loans total about $12 billion out of the country's $38 billion foreign debt.
Three executives said the Chelsea office of News Corporation's Internet division on West 18th Street, called News Digital Media, would be closed within two months.
They took him to the hospital and the nurses said he was in cardiac arrest.
Much of this is coincidence, of course: recent events have imbued many things with queasily double-edged significance.
The same pundits and politicians are equally blunt about consultations with American allies and partners: we can talk, but in the end we shall do what's good for us.
At one point the governor's aides were trying to edge Mr. Badillo out of this primary contest in order to give the Bloomberg candidacy time to mature without any early competition.
Only Lucretia, Collatinus's wife, is virtuous.
The only recent evidence of its existence was the whispered assertions of its most die-hard enthusiasts.
Mr. Reid insisted today that the I.R.A.
There is no reason why baseball can't be next.''
Let me say this about Larry.
We mourn the passing of the beloved mother of our loyal supporter, Steven Hammerman.
Early last month Sprint began receiving e-mail messages and phone calls asking why long-distance calls to Israeli-occupied portions of the West Bank and Gaza Strip were being listed on phone bills as calls to Palestine.
These are the story lines (though that may be precisely the wrong word, for they come to us in circular, disconnected form) of ''All Souls,'' ''Tomorrow in the Battle Think on Me,'' ''A Heart So White'' and ''Dark Back of Time,'' the four novels by the Spanish writer Javier Marías that are now available in English.
In newspaper ads, it says repeal would help ''close the wealth gap in this nation between African-American families and white families.''
The leaf watchers have been out in force every weekend, bikers and joggers are even more abundant than usual, caffe lattes are still being sold in prodigious quantities.
She was loved and will be missed by all who knew her.
When she told the audience members to ''wake up,'' it wasn't because they were dozing off, it was because she was trying to enlighten them (in this case, about finding validation in themselves instead of others).
Starring KT Sullivan and Mark Nadler.
''They are really a good food source,'' said Pete Edwards.
The end of the year is traditionally slow, she said, but low interest rates and sparse inventory have kept traffic flowing, and prices have held steady.
on Friday and 12 in the three-game series, connected against Jimmy Anderson (4-8) in the third for his 19th homer of the season.
''The Gypsies never spoke of it,'' Mr. Gatlif said.
Donald T. DiFrancesco announced to eventually rid the parkway of all tolls in 10 years.
There is simply no place high enough to replace the trade center.
Almost from the moment Sather began negotiating with the Rangers about becoming their general manager 16 months ago, he approached Lindros about playing in New York.
But the preliminary order suggested that the so-called Vieques Four could end up serving out their whole terms of 90 days for Mr. Sharpton and 40 days for the other three.
And I said to myself, 'I give in.'
(16-6) will travel to South Orange, N.J., to play Seton Hall (12-6-2) at noon Sunday, and Rutgers (15-6-3) will play at Indiana (15-3-1), which won the tournament in 1998 and 1999.
Mrs. O'Neal said, ''He can handle a drought better than he can handle the rain.''
One telling signpost in the XFL's rapid gestation is seen in a new commercial starring Dick Butkus, the epitome of the flesh-eating middle linebacker as a Chicago Bear during the 1960's and 1970's.
The other woman answers: ''Audrey's husband.
''The question from an American point of view is not whether we will have a national missile defense but when and how,'' Senator Lieberman said.
''I don't plan on being a bench player either, once this is ended,'' Knoblauch said.
What does she miss most?
He said the company no longer held any Enron stock, though he could not say when it had sold the shares it held on behalf of New York State.
The previous record outflow from stock funds was $20.67 billion in March, when the S.& P. 500-stock index fell 6.4 percent.
''We certainly have had reports of odors traveling long distances,'' said Amy E. Collings, a spokeswoman for the State Department of Environmental Protection, recalling a fire in South Jersey that drew similar reports from across the state.
Mutual Series owns 10 percent of the stock.
The cultures are very different.
She is the daughter of N. D. Mahalakshmi of Madras and the late K. L. Balaganapathy, who was the labor lawyer for Best & Crompton, an engineering firm in Madras.
BILLY HARPER, Iridium, 48 West 63rd Street, Manhattan, (212) 582-2121.
And she never missed an opportunity to pat me on the back and encourage me.
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell said today that the Bush administration had received a ''lot of signs'' that terrorists were planning attacks against the United States but extensive efforts by intelligence agencies failed to pick up enough information to stop the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington.
To show the world in a single grain of sand -- not just once, but repeatedly -- is an exacting, intimidating task.
It will be named for Firefighter Giordano, who sped to the World Trade Center in the battalion chief's car on Sept. 11, even though it was his day off.
was given an acclaimed premiere at the Aldeburgh Festival in 1998 and performed in London.
Lincoln Center had been evacuated immediately after the attack.
''It came down to our desire to push that envelope,'' said Glenn J. Elliott, senior vice president of real estate services at Reuters America Holdings.
Even the Clinton standard of 10 parts per billion, now withdrawn, permits twice the cancer risk (1 in 5,000) normally permitted under E.P.A.
Look, no one is there.
Ah, reality, thy name is ratings.
Far from engaging in dialogue with the United States, North Korea plans to strengthen its armed forces if Washington sets conditions for talks, a party newspaper, Rodong Sinmun, said.
It is unclear whether Honeywell will have a case against G.E.
The church had neither the money nor the volunteers to mount a program itself.
''It's come to our attention that requiring employees to take Fridays off may raise some legal questions,'' Beth Sawi, Schwab's chief administrative officer, said in an e-mail message to employees.
But in Comanche County, Okla., which includes Lawton, many blacks celebrate their diversity, a result they said of more than a century of intermarrying with American Indians and of the Army's influence in integrating military towns.
In a letter he wrote recently that was shown on Israeli television, Mr. Har-Sinai urged the army to ban Arab shepherds from entering the area of his farm, arguing that their presence endangered him.
An unidentified 16-year-old girl was shot to death and a bystander wounded after a street dispute with two other young women in northeastern Brooklyn, the police said.
Minority investors welcomed today's vote.
The issue is their disbelief that the Palestinians want to live with them.''
''These guys love computers in the way I love acting,'' he said.
Randy Earle gathers his teammates together before and after a game and has them say one word: family.
The crater is less than 10 feet from the wall of his own house, but the city has no record of any quarry at all, and it is anybody's guess whether the cavern extends beneath his house.
The new satellite, built by Boeing Satellite Systems, will be positioned alongside the three satellites currently parked at 101 degrees.
Leslie Hawke, in a Peace Corps project, is working with a group of Romanians who are studying the homeless here.
Du Bois called for a talented tenth to lead the struggle against prejudice.
We have always said that there were three options -- India, Pakistan, or independence -- but if we're imaginative there are many other possibilities.
Then he drove the 30 miles to Cerner's corporate campus, seven brick-and-glass buildings surrounded by 1,900 parking spaces atop a hill in northern Kansas City.
The computer scoreboard malfunctioned repeatedly and the sound system made a loud buzzing sound twice during play.
In smaller rooms around it are installations of Wright's other creations: aluminum and wood pieces, furniture, fabrics and glassware, including designs and drawings for their prototypes and photographs of Wright-designed rooms.
Some three million people walk through the metal detectors at the city's criminal court buildings each year.
''But I am very proud of our players and coaches and how they handled themselves in the game and after the game,'' Accorsi said.
But the question that awaits the Scarlet Knights as they begin their first full day of fall workouts on Thursday is how quickly can a team with no clear-cut No.
Ms. Ryan got up then to join her siblings in the hallway to look at a photograph she had taken of the house they grew up in.
Thursday at 12:15 p.m. Tickets: $6; $5 for students and older people.
It can be seen from a distance of 24 miles and is on 24 hours a day.
Challenger, chief executive of Challenger, Gray & Christmas, an outplacement firm in Chicago.
Clairol is one of numerous corporations along the Metro-North corridor that supply transportation to commuters.
Then she was laid off as a headhunter for an Internet firm.
But it's still in my computer.
Two key points: the Eagles nearly shut down St. Louis on opening day and the Rams' offense is similar to that of the 49ers.
Their new sense of unity, however tentative, may well be tested in coming weeks.
He also was a patient teacher who shared his own vast knowledge of real estate and this city, and in that role enriched our lives.
WHENEVER the Nets and Knicks have played in the last couple of seasons, there is this sense of a game being played in the wilderness: the Nets are going nowhere, again, and who knows where the Knicks are going.
Santino Titta, a Roman Catholic priest, officiated at the summer home of the bride's parents in Springfield Center, N.Y. Mrs. Weldon, 32, is a client adviser at Christie's in New York.
MR. GODINEAUX -- John stood over him and shot him in the head.
So what was I doing a few weeks ago arriving in broad daylight carrying a roll of 35-millimeter film that had just arrived from a lab in Los Angeles?
The only ones that could maintain superior returns were new, emerging companies, and even they did so for ''a limited period, often less than a decade.''
''What he's doing now is ensuring that those businesses are given full value'' by Wall Street, with Telmex a blue chip and Móvil a growth stock.
There are just too many unknowns.''
Antibalas and its beloved Afrobeat are most alike in terms of music's function within a community.
Devoted brother of Lisa and brotherin-law of Michael Josephson.
The thickness of old mirror was variable, he said.
But in the rush for justice, he said, it was important not to lose sight of principles the country holds dear.
Dear sister of Franz Cohn and the late Annelisa Schein.
It isn't hard to see why: Mr. Jensen's cast of characters includes a profusion of the lovable oldsters who have become a staple of indie and import comedies since ''Waking Ned Devine.''
Among the resorts that are building slopeside villages or planning to are Squaw Valley, Mammoth Mountain, Northstar-at-Tahoe and Kirkwood, Calif.; Aspen Highlands, Copper Mountain and Snowmass, Colo.; and Stowe and Killington, Vt.
''More than anything, I've found him to be puzzled: it's like, 'How can anyone think that way?'
On Saturday, Marines at the base buried an anti-Taliban Afghan fighter killed this week when a B-52 dropped a precision-guided bomb on the wrong location north of Kandahar.
DR. TYSON -- What does it say?
''For a one-shot test, the nature of their examples is far richer than is typical, and the administration of the test sounds reasonable,'' he said.
''I don't know where he has gone.
A half-century of American presence here -- accountants and lawyers, doctors and judges -- has failed to generate an indigenous professional middle class.
Six of the dead were children.
But there is one other problem that is not much discussed.
Think Boston, the logic went, and one thought of the American Repertory Theater, the respected classics company on the campus of Harvard University.
This red-brick neo-Georgian house has been used for offices since Mr. Ziegler's death in 1958.
But you can also hear it intellectually, as a new sort of manifesto, one that throws aside the comforts and some of the excesses of tradition; Mr. Moran has done some rethinking.
Apart from being the last era in which even literary bohemians might be expected to own cocktail dresses and write thank-you notes, it was still possible to dash around London listening to half-drunk aesthetes making brilliant conversation.
In two weeks, Don Bosco has won two road games against two of New Jersey's top teams.
The most influential historians, he concludes, are filmmakers.
Enraged boyfriend attacks unresisting sap.
When China joins the Geneva-based trade club, it wants the same flexibility developing countries have with agricultural subsidies.
But if President Vladimir Putin of Russia insists on clinging to the cold war accord, the administration should not hesitate to exercise its rights under the treaty and give notice of our official withdrawal from it.
About 45 percent said they would be willing to allow such monitoring, up from 39 percent the week before; 56 percent of people also favored the idea of national electronic ID cards.
In the appeal, in which he argued that money missing from the state had never gone into his own pockets but had been used to pay for the wars, Mr. Milosevic also implied that there was classified documentary proof showing how the money was used.
I was mesmerized and walked into a wall.
Depression produces emotional requirements of a home that happiness and health don't.
If Kim can't win, perhaps he can decide the winner, some I.O.C.
Just the other day, the city announced that Delta Airlines, in conjunction with several hotels, was offering bargain packages in an effort to jump-start local tourism.
Multiply that 10,000 times and that's what New York is facing.''
That suggests housing will help keep the economy buoyant, as Federal Reserve policy makers have suggested in recent comments.
The Sears Tower in Chicago and the Walt Disney theme parks in Florida and California closed down.
While the film's gay elements prompted some critics to draw comparisons to Pedro Almodóvar's work, especially his most recent film, ''All About My Mother,'' Mr. Ozpetek, though saying he was flattered, disagreed.
''I thought we had a shot after her last race; that's why the game is great,'' Guidry said.
Russian designers made it happen.
For them, the foundation offers annual readings on a scale set to an ideal of 100 -- the pristine days of the 17th century when Capt.
Arsenal took the lead during first-half injury time when Thierry Henry converted a penalty kick.
Tins of beef stew are also included if some happen to be on hand.
This spring, he appears to be enjoying himself again, and by and large, his words are positive, even after today's game.
''She said she had to be back at 8:15 that morning for a meeting.''
The message and the fact that Mr. Blair traveled here after years in which Pakistan has been given a cold-shoulder by the United States and Britain for testing nuclear weapons and abandoning civilian rule, were aimed at helping the government ward off pressures from militant Islamic groups over General Musharraf's commitment to support military action in Afghanistan.
It has always reflected all the challenges and weaknesses of the rest of Africa.''
But going from Seattle to, say, Prosser, where vineyards thrive, is like going from San Francisco, where the temperature may be 57, to Calistoga, where it may be 100.
A typical Armitage image has the woman on toe leaning on a man's thigh to support her leg beat in the air or knuckling her palm into his for more support.
The building is being converted for residential use, and one of its units will be occupied by Ms. Sonnabend and her family, who will move into an apartment in the third-floor space that once housed her gallery.
True, the actual images of our government taking McVeigh's life weren't on the air, but their very absence made the show more grotesque.
''They were a small player that was losing ground,'' he said.
WILLIAM PATERSON UNIVERSITY ''Scrooge -- the Musical.''
Charging partisanship as a way to foreclose debate and principled compromise is not an acceptable approach to policymaking.
Elevated to a historiographical principle, this idea conveys much more than her peculiarly romantic kind of tourism.
Mr. Bogdanos asked Justice Charles H. Solomon to hold Mr. Combs in contempt for violating an order not to talk about the case.
Both technologies hold some promise of successful development.
One M.B.A. student, who did not want his name or the name of his business school used because he feared it might jeopardize his job search, thought he had a consulting job waiting, until he got a call in March telling him the firm could no longer guarantee its offer.
Today, Mr. Skilling could not say whether those approvals took place for every deal.
Most of the original immigrants came to the United States to avoid oppression supported by state tax funds.
Still, his conduct had the outward appearance of a terrorist's suicide mission.
This is not the first time Summitt has been asked to consider coaching a men's team.
While being winner does not necessarily denote taking all, power allows for choice.
''There's not much I worry about with Alex,'' he said.
''The financial piece of the legislation would be something that is very much needed in Roosevelt and has needed to be addressed for a long time,'' he said.
Sean Townsend led the men's team to its best showing ever at the worlds, taking the silver behind Belarus, 169.622 points to 166.845, and beating the traditional powers from China and Russia.
Senator John McCain's hard-line insistence on an early debate and vote for campaign finance reform paid off yesterday when Trent Lott agreed to a quick timetable for consideration of the McCain-Feingold bill.
Exploring the occurrence of smaller words within larger ones, the book implores the reader to ponder such questions as ''I don't see why a belfry should contain / An elf.
But with a 103-99 lead, they faltered.
''We've battened down the hatches; we have a slightly higher cash level, but we're looking to redeploy it,'' Mr. Cohen said, pointing to his funds' cash position, now at 7 percent, up from a typical 5 percent.
Is Tolkien flying from page to screen on Ms. Rowling's robe-tails?
WHEN a miniature work of art seems to be a real feat, a neat solution to a question of space, it is inherently involving.
But Peter A. Sorrento, coordinating matrimonial court clerk for the State of New York, said no figures for 2001 would be available until the end of the year.
One unfortunate pair lost 1,100, collecting an absolute zero.
Am I supposed to be on a medicine to help protect my kidneys?
''People are saying thanks for protecting us, and they never used to say that,'' said Leonard F. Duffy, 80, a widower and retired hog farmer from Oelwein, Iowa.
It was simple enough, said Rosario Piedrahita, who quit her job as a factory supervisor to deal with the loss of a nephew, Wilder Alfredo Gomez.
There is no way you can walk on that field and be a kicker and not think about what's going on.
Besides 'Attention, Kmart shoppers' are we the only ones who still wear it?''
The Ja Rule video, for his song ''Six Feet Underground,'' is the first of what Mr. Simmons said he hoped would be many videos in this format, created to lure viewers into becoming a part of the action.
''No one in his generation has put 'earth's materials' to better use, or done more to raise pastoral to the status of major art.''
Dish Network has more than six million subscribers over all.
Once when she played the president in a comedy sketch, she said: ''I've had a very busy day.
But a steady stream of reports by the Transportation Department's inspector general and the General Accounting Office, the investigative arm of Congress, have found holes in the security system.
As a minor, he faces up to two years in detention.
Still, the extent of the revision, to a decline of 1.2 percent, surprised economists who had been predicting a drop of 0.8 percent.
Also today, at 3, two Yale professors, Ole Akahoshi and Elizabeth Sawyer Parisot, play cello and piano works for Newtown Friends of Music at Edmond Town Hall.
On Monday night, Allen, Peterson and the Giants' other defenders faced Randy Moss and Cris Carter.
Shaking the dust off a bat that had been generally idle in a three-game series while he walked eight times and was hit once, Barry Bonds launched himself into the record book tonight by lashing his 70th home run of the season against a rookie pitcher making only his second major league appearance.
The plan would have expanded civilian trade while tightening controls on the smuggling of oil and prohibited weapons.
The result is much better than it sounds, and to me the eggplant is the best part about it.
65 last year) and his locker is among the veterans'.
Carnival's offer is conditional on the postponement by P&O Princess of an extraordinary general meeting at which investors would vote on the Royal Caribbean deal or on a recommendation by the board that shareholders reject the deal.
And this fall, I am enjoying planning next year's perfect garden.
I ask my husband to read the book so we can discuss it.
Citing an outspoken predecessor, George S. Lewis, who led the chapter from 1969 to 1986, Mr. Bell said: ''For the chapter not to be quiescent, it has to run the risk of alienating members.
City officials said they had offered to address the shortfall.
Mark Loretta finally popped out for Benitez's 27th save in 29 chances.
But the earlier concerns about the possibility of another Russian mole had apparently not led to any scrutiny of Mr. Hanssen until the Russian files were handed over.
''Girls are like, 'Can you just read my paper?'
Onex had considered bidding merely for theaters that Loews owns in Canada, a legacy of its 1998 acquisition of Cineplex Odeon, according to executives close to the talks.
This week, government scientists tested the technique in a big trailer in the parking lot of the Brentwood Post Office.
Kathleen Landis, singer and pianist.
In a slight jab at members of Congress, who leave Washington for shorter stints, Mr. McClellan added: ''The president, much like members of Congress -- although for a shorter period of time, I might add -- believes it's important to come back home.
People on the block tend to call her the flower lady, she said, because of the flowers she always has in her window box, or the computer lady.
They worsened in late 1999 after Muslim militants hijacked an Indian Airlines flight from Katmandu to Kandahar and then bullied India into releasing three of their imprisoned colleagues.
The firm said its underwriting revenue declined 12 percent, to $479 million, a surprisingly small drop in a slumbering market for new stocks.
Other participants will be Ballet Tech and the companies of Lar Lubovitch, Trisha Brown, Ronald K. Brown and Donald Byrd.
Services Tuesday, November 27, 2001 at 11:15 AM at The Riverside, 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
''Producers have plunged willy-nilly on purely 'escapist' pictures or have made the war out to seem illusory by dodging it into old routines,'' Crowther went on.
For one thing, The Herald's original plan called for an examination of 60,000 undervotes, or ballots not counted because no presidential choice was discerned in the original counting.
The policy committee, whose four members represented the Environmental Protection Agency, the state, Suffolk County and local governments, voted unanimously to accept the plan.
And as the company does more international projects, you could see more of Statoil being sold.''
Carter and Alexis Breen are your new nephew and niece; you'd be so proud.
You would think this might inspire a little respect.
THARP -- I think that, first, an audience needs to be moved by the material.
''I felt like returning to work would be like visiting the person who mugged you, going to their home and seeing them,'' Ms. Risutto said.
Royal Tongan Airlines, which has a Honolulu office at 738 Kaheka Street, Suite 306, (808) 941-1701, offers a Kingdom Pass for interisland air travel that allows a round-trip to the three island groups, with one stop in each, and costs $119; it must be purchased with cash or money order in the United States.
When a commission to build a house back in Guatemala didn't work out, Mizner joined his brothers William, Edgar and Wilson and headed to Alaska, hoping to strike it rich in the gold rush.
The business, which went public in 1983, later added a men's division as well as linen and sportswear divisions.
Senior Bush administration officials are debating whether to make Mr. Moussaoui the first person to be tried on terrorism charges before a military tribunal.
And there are hints of Calder and Chagall and even Easter Island sculptures -- although ''Boom!''
The Board of Governors, membership, and the staff of Hampshire Country Club are shocked and deeply saddened by the sudden and untimely passing of Cheryl Zarkin, beloved wife of our esteemed recent Past President, Norman Zarkin, and mother of our member, Douglas Zarkin.
But the surveyed managers said the outlook in three months' time would be only slightly less gloomy, at an index level of minus 36.
The Senate has approved an identical measure as part of the Treasury's annual appropriations bill.
He was wonderful to talk to, but you saw him going over in his head what he was going to say.''
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani announced yesterday that he would coordinate the charitable groups responding to the attacks on the World Trade Center, a move that comes only days after New York State's attorney general had taken steps to perform that function.
But it broke down and he now uses one at school for his studies.
Richard Zednik scored his second goal of the game off a pass from Mike Ribeiro with 4:13 left in regulation to lift the Canadiens (16-17-5-1) into a 5-5 tie with the Islanders, who spent most of the period looking as if they were trying to kill a 20-minute power play.
''We'll be playing music that I grew up listening to every day, and with Dizzy passed away [Gillespie died in 1993] I feel it's important to continue his musical legacy.''
While two-thirds of its people are Muslim, its government is secular, and it has managed to escape much of the Islamic militancy that simmers in many Asian countries.
Mr. Ellison's lawyers will be in court on Monday to argue a civil lawsuit challenging the landing curfew at San Jose International Airport.
Meets Sunday at 3:30 p.m. at the northwest corner of 59th Street and Second Avenue in Manhattan.
Apart from his comments on the Senate floor, he has been reluctant to talk about his personal experience, perhaps out of respect for the families of the victims.
On the third night, she gave us a talk about music.
''When you had the gun in your hand did you feel like you were boss, that you were the man in control at that time,'' Mr. Shiner, an assistant state attorney, said.
Pontiac Aztek is a sponsor of the show.
Assemblyman Richard Gottfried, a Democrat and chairman of the Health Committee, said Mr. Pataki may be stalling because of the prospect of a recession and declining revenues -- a view endorsed privately by some Republican lawmakers.
Temple Coach John Chaney's 5:30 a.m. practices are legendary, but as he lost players to transfers or suspensions this season, he only made things tougher for those remaining.
''There are too many Gypsies,'' she said bluntly.
TOPKINS-Olive V. Died February 27, 2001 at 87.
''This decision tells people 'one country, two systems' still exists in Hong Kong,'' said Martin Lee, a pro-democracy leader, referring to the formula under which the territory is to retain some autonomy for 50 years.
''A lot of stocks in industries obviously impacted are down already.''
He did not specify how a reliable donor of wheat might be linked to the conversion of Muslims, but the mere mention of such misgivings is a grave matter.
www.cincinnatiopera.com LANCASTER FESTIVAL -- July 18-29 (800-526-3378).
Food shortages are threatening efforts to feed hundreds of thousands of malnourished children and others affected by wars in West Africa, according to the World Food Program, a U.N. agency.
The other day he and his companion saw the widely panned Mariah Carey movie ''Glitter.''
''He's scared, and a little freaked out,'' said a colleague, who added, ''He was glad he was alive.''
And if you get them on overstaying their visas, and then learn they are not connected, you have information sources for the future to track them.
HOCKEY National Hockey League NHL--Fined the Devils $25,000 for violating media availability rules.
But one morning I picked up the paper and discovered myself -- identified only as ''she'' -- in the letters column.
''I feel badly for him.
Diesel is much more expensive, for all the life of the city.
Especially when they and their families show up en masse as they are expected to on Saturday for ''Worldfest II: A Celebration of Cultural Arts and Diversity.''
A significant part of its decline came from Microsoft and Intel, the two technology stocks added in late 1999 in an effort to bring the Dow more in line with the new technology.
Although he went 0 for 8 over the weekend in minor league games to prepare for his return, Alfonzo said, ''I swung hard to test the back.''
Mr. Gilmore added: ''Our numbers have been up slightly, and the amount of new member interest has increased.
The bride is a stepdaughter of Linda Parnes Kahn.
Sometimes when she sleeps, she talks.
In a rapid return to the name-calling characteristic of Ulster politics after a day of fresh hope for the peace negotiations, Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fein, the political wing of the I.R.A., accused Mr. Trimble of blundering into a ''grievous error'' and told him to ''butt out'' of the disarmament issue.
Analysts also speculated that eliminating De Beers as a freestanding, publicly traded South African company could help defuse its longstanding antitrust problems in the United States, loosen its financial ties to South Africa, where it maintains its headquarters, and perhaps relieve the diamond business of some unwelcome public scrutiny.
A senior law enforcement official said that 17 of the 19 hijackers were not known to intelligence or law enforcement officials before the Sept. 11 attacks.
After the war his first job was at radio station WINX, owned by The Washington Post.
To the Editor: The Cincinnati riots are symptomatic of our country's pervasive racial tension (editorial, April 18).
A memorial service will be held at St. Anns Church, 745 3rd Street, Naples, FL 34112 on Friday, December 14, 2001 at 11:30 AM.
I had several goals in creating this cocktail party.
(March 25) referred to the racial profiling investigation.
Harvard University Press Published a decade after the introduction of charter schools, the most dynamic and important school reform movement in recent memory, this collection offers rare insight into charter classrooms as well as a framework for the public policy discussion that surrounds them.
''Logistically there wasn't enough time to give everyone 15 minutes.
She appeared in a Broadway production directed by Guthrie McClintic.
The use of the word ''unacceptable'' constituted unusually strong language for relations between the United States and Israel.
She showed her recovery skills in her long program.
It was bitter but not powerfully so.
He said the uranium did not penetrate into the bone and marrow, where leukemia originates.
Polls still show his approval ratings remain relatively high, with most of the public more inclined to blame the utilities and out-of-state power generators for fomenting the energy shortage in an effort to raise electricity rates.
His one goal, it would seem, is to keep people guessing.
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 51.15 points, to 2,016.17.
7 Kentucky to a victory over host Indiana at the RCA Dome.
Inside, parishioners banged tambourines against their palms and hit drumsticks against church pews in perfect rhythm.
As I came out of the ladies room, a woman came in the front door, stopped in the middle of the atrium and announced, ''Today is my 76th birthday.''
''There isn't positive news in the earnings outlook,'' said David Townsend, an analyst with Goldman, Sachs.
'' The rest of the stories, drawn from his adventures in Hollywood and Europe (he has a Beverly Hills house and an estate in Austria), are related with amused detachment and studded with famous names.
said that in the lawsuit Ms. Doumanian is accused of refusing to provide accurate information about earnings from such films as ''Bullets Over Broadway,'' ''Mighty Aphrodite'' and ''Everyone Says I Love You.''
Ms. Grasso insisted the move was prompted by studies indicating that police morale was at an all-time low while serious crime in Los Angeles was rising.
In Albany, her father picked her up and took her the rest of the way back to the Pecas' four-bedroom colonial-style house in East Amherst, a suburb of Buffalo.
But according to John Nielson, Sandcastle's founder, who now runs Code 50, the older-than-50 market is still largely misunderstood and the advertising often falls victim to stereotypes.
The show makes it clear that the irony issue is more complicated than today's hot-air debate allows: ''Pasadena'' was already set to be one of the season's best and riskiest shows, and it may be impossible to separate its built-in daring from its commercial fate now, even if the country's mood keeps careering toward sincerity.
''I thought it was very New York, but I now see it's quite universal,'' said Ms. Bushnell, who has a boyfriend, albeit in London.
ELIZABETH PEYTON, Gavin Brown, 436 West 15th Street, (212) 627-5258 (through tomorrow).
He added, ''Anything that occurs in their lives that prevents them from working a day or two can have a dramatic impact.''
The airline industry often used display models for advertisement in ticket offices and travel agencies.
Dearest mother of Marilyn Grossman and the late Norman Diamond.
But practically every week this year has brought a giddy new price drop for the third world.
(Is it the singing pigeons?
Anne Malcolm, writing in the The New York Times Book Review last year, said the chronicles, although not widely known nearly 40 years after the first volume appeared, ''are almost certainly destined to be counted among the classics of popular fiction.''
We went right at St. John's.
They were talking about New York.
Neither Ms. Baber nor the diplomat will venture to guess what the true number of executions might be.
Funeral, June 6, 9:30 a.m., Pere Lachaise.
Gourevitch seems bent on presenting the story as a sort of moral fable, in which the avenger nabs the killer.
-- advantages to be where they are.
What suggested the second is a mystery, and many sources do refer to the plant as L. biennis.
''The earnings came in very much in line with expectations,'' said Christopher P. Dixon of UBS Warburg.
Mr. Gormley, 54, has run for governor, United States Senate and Congress, often making it to within a hairbreadth of winning the primary.
An aide to Mr. Pataki would not comment.
But federal financing is a crucial source of medical research dollars.
The Golden Gate Bridge Authority added two extra ferries between Marin County and San Francisco for this morning's commute, nearly doubling the number of passengers.
Hours: Thursdays through Sundays, 1 to 4 p.m. Clifton and Van Houten Avenues, Clifton.
And Ms. MacDonald said she approved of the consumer groups' action.
Also, gentle though the resignation timetable may be, the New Jersey Symphony's name is placed in wider public discourse just when change in directorship is affecting many orchestras.
Stoking the fire is Mr. Gilmore.
Mr. Soto-Lopez said that East Harlem appeals to the florists because of its accessibility to F.D.R.
''The only thing that distinguishes one from the other is the circumference.''
His work had great style and cannot be dated.''
Most will teach in the roughly 100 city schools that the state has identified as failing, because those schools have chronic vacancies.
It's also part of the staging area.
The Bush administration is expected to be less aggressive in pursuing antitrust action against the company.
The hospital tells you that you should be prepared to stay for overtime whenever you are needed.
We curled up in leather armchairs in the wood-paneled library, and made new acquaintances in the cozy cigar lounge.
Later on in the digestive process, chewed and rechewed food enters a true stomach and intestines, more like those of humans, where it is mixed with more digestive juices that change the chemistry of the food.
She is survived by a daughter, Nancy Magner McDonald of Ponte Vedra Beach, FL and a step-daughter and her husband Clare and Jess Dall of Greenwich, CT; Jonathan Dall of Frankfort, MI; and David and Michelle Dall of Cos Cob, CT. A Memorial Service will be held on her 100th birthday on Tuesday, January 23rd 11:00 AM at the Church of St. Thomas More, 65 East 89th St., New York City.
Brazil, by defying the pharmaceutical companies and threatening to break patents, among other actions, has made drugs available to everyone who needs them.
A homeless man sipped morning coffee on a park bench facing the White House.
''It's an incredible high for a teacher,'' said Louise Feroe, the provost of Mercy College, who directed the program before public financing was cut off in 1995.
All the cars are air-conditioned.
Vegetarian meals are available on request.
When they went to school and were asked where they lived, they said, 'the Holiday Inn.'
Then there was the video clip that ''Today'' showed last year, when Ms. Norville was on assignment for her current job on the syndicated newsmagazine ''Inside Edition.''
''At the 14-minute mark, right when they went up 20, I felt my legs and it felt like the devil trying to get in me and tell me, 'It's over,' '' said Johnson, a 6-foot junior guard.
One of these students is Floyd Marcus, 26, a San Juan Pueblo.
The country badly needs to settle down.
's takeover of Rothmans in June 1999 was a change of ownership, triggering a release clause from the license.
Like Armed Forces reserves, they generally have to devote a weekend a month and up to two weeks to training, and can be called up at any time.
In what appeared to be a last-ditch effort to forestall war with India, Pakistan was reported this morning to have arrested Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the founder of one of two Islamic militant groups accused by India of mounting an attack on the Indian Parliament 18 days ago.
His career as a police officer was anything but exemplary.
From behind, Byrne is invisible.
The meeting's organizer, the Society of Automotive Engineers, has a policy of barring journalists from quoting directly from any presentations or discussions.
Mr. Rebell formed the Campaign for Fiscal Equity, a nonprofit organization, hired another lawyer, Robert Hughes, and filed the case in 1993.
She can't remember whether she had dolls as a child, or whether she even had one.
Michelle Viotti, Ms. Navarro's chief financial officer at Jafra, said she had motivated ''a lot of women from all walks of life'' and ''gave each an equal opportunity to improve their status.''
Maria Guleghina in the voice-killing role of Abigaille gives a fearless, raw and dangerous performance.
Beyond its immediate impact on state workers who are entitled under the 1990 law to reasonable accommodations for their disabilities, the decision was important for what it portends, both for other types of cases under the disabilities act and for other civil rights statutes.
Columns list the amount and types of drugs a player has for sale and the current price.
Should Maurice Papon, convicted for his role in shipping Jews to death camps in World War II, but now 90 and suffering from cardiac problems, be made to finish his 10-year sentence?
Thus, we leave Eminem at a critical juncture, in danger of becoming a self-perpetuating response loop: he creates controversial music, is criticized for it and then makes even more controversial music in response.
And the Fontainebleau was not to be laughed at, even if the hotel's white concave shape resembled the rim of a toilet seat.
Although principals technically can veto a senior teacher's top choice, most do not out of fear that the teacher will file a time-consuming grievance, according to officials at the Council of Supervisors and Administrators, the union representing city principals.
When the case was thrown out this month in Senegal, whose courts ultimately were not independent enough, Human Rights Watch and other groups said their new strategy would be to get an arrest warrant and extradition request from Belgium (one of Chad's victims is now a Belgian citizen) and put Mr. Habré on trial there.
Before Sept. 11, Senator John McCain of Arizona was in greater demand than any other Republican (aside from the president) to travel the country on behalf of Congressional candidates.
But on Monday and Tuesday, the police arrived in the middle of the night and forced the homeless to leave.
While his sales to Southern California Edison are down 25 percent since December, Mr. Espinosa, who over the years expanded his product line and dropped the ''Electrical'' from the company's name, has been able to avoid layoffs by concentrating on serving the construction industry, which is still going strong in Southern California, and focusing on sales of janitorial supplies, hardware and safety equipment.
DAVIDSON - Helen Breed (''Wickie'') of Margate on February 21, 2001.
Ciudad Juárez, which grows by about 50,000 people a year, is running out of water.
It's the number of perfection, the good-luck number.
(Ages 10 and up) 4 4 99 HARRY POTTER AND THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS, by J. K. Rowling.
''That is why I always said, I know I am not the right person to run the presidency,'' he added.
''It's a brilliant strategy,'' said William McDonough, an architect known for his environmental work.
Alaska does not have a state income tax.
In rural Montana, you might take acres.''
One of them can claim to be Flash Gordon or Superman when in fact he is ''gordito, bajito y feeeeo'' (''short, fat and uuuugly'').
He had also put his personal savings into a blind trust, pledging in documents filed with Congress that he would make no specific decisions about how they were invested.
''What Ken said is that this is the absolute cleanest way to remove any doubts, that he was not going to profit as a result of this change of control,'' Mr. Palmer said.
Less happily, he disputed what his employees had reported about their wages.
''A doctor needs to be able to talk to patients in a language they can understand and not be like, 'You do what?
Sage's medium-size wine list is worth noting for both range and price, with wines mostly from the United States' west coast, France and Italy, and a few from Portugal, Australia and New Zealand.
It's the then customary announcement at the beginning of the record that pushes us into deep water: ''Arthur Pryor's 'Coon Band Contest,' played by Vess L. Ossman, the Banjo King.''
''There are records of people being fined because they were elected and then didn't show up for the town meeting.''
''We didn't have that player in the past.
Often, I envisioned my classmates, evaporated by the bomb.
Toyota and Honda make an estimated 10 billion yen ($77 million) for each one-yen increment above their break-even point of 110 to the dollar.
Man: ''Maybe if it had been built earlier, the price would be less.''
The state leaves it up to communities whether to punish students who refuse to take the tests, and Michael V. McGill, the superintendent, said repeatedly that he had no intention of disciplining any who abstained.
But, putting that aside for a moment, Mr. Moglia immediately told his employees about the company's new crisis management program, which is intended to back up all existing data and retest existing systems to protect customer records.
Just last month, Mr. Dell, touring the United States and Australia, repeatedly predicted Apple's doom.
About 90 people will continue to be employed at the Malvern plant operating equipment that makes nickel, zinc and painted products, said a spokeswoman, Cathy Mayne Lyttle.
Nedved, who agreed to a three-year deal with an option for a fourth over the weekend, arrived at Kennedy Airport from Prague on Tuesday.
It was the first programming move made under Mr. Kellner's leadership and is an indication that he wants to attract more affluent viewers to TNT and TBS.
The mother hunted around her neighborhood pharmacies.
About 150 migrants left Île-à-Vache island off Haiti's south coast on Nov. 1 aboard one boat, family members said.
When offering such advice, most doctors who treat young adults hope their patients' destructive behaviors will be tempered by an epiphany of good judgment and, perhaps more important, a lot of luck.
But once, when it was first done, they did spend the night, ''just to see how it worked.''
''Nobody's come looking for it, so I just have it sitting there.''
''We have to wait and see,'' he said.
All but one of the men have been released.
Some Democrats still hope to pass legislation, although they acknowledge that the nation's preoccupation with terrorism has at least delayed any such moves.
It is too big a part of the market.
For information about other driving workshops, you can consult the bimonthly Rural Heritage journal, 281 Dean Ridge Road, Gainesboro, Tenn. 38562; (931) 268-0655; www.ruralheritage.com.
Deputy Commissioner Frank Gribbon, a department spokesman, said the problem with reactivating 10 House now is that ''the majority of their district has been destroyed -- half their calls were to the World Trade Center site.''
Despite a flurry of bans issued by a furious federal government, the rogue meeting went ahead, giving the plotting shareholders control over the company.
The Napoleonic Code, which abolished primogeniture, guaranteed that the fragmentation would continue each time a vineyard was split equally among a group of heirs.
Tomorrow at 1:30 p.m., New York State Theater at Lincoln Center, (212) 870-5570.
But they did not ultimately agree to it.
In this show they are represented by an impenetrable diptych painting from the mid-1980's.
Paul Dergarabedian, chairman of Exhibitor Relations, a Los Angeles-based company that tracks box office performance, said there had been a trend in recent years toward impossibly high expectations for a film's release, especially for a movie like ''Pearl Harbor'' that had been heavily hyped and eagerly awaited.
''It's more than sad, it's bordering on depressing,'' Mark Fowler, 39, a golf course builder from California, said as he searched for his seat.
But Mr. Arafat did not sit down as planned with President Bashar al-Assad of Syria in Damascus.
They suggested that the closest fossil relatives of the cetaceans were probably the earliest known and previously described artiodactyls, like one named Diacodexis.
It presents 60 speculative visions drawn or painted by, among others, some of the 20th century's pre-eminent science fiction illustrators.
''By then, both had a mostly clear view of what it would entail,'' said one lawyer.
And then, it was back -- once again -- to Mr. Giuliani, as the comptroller heatedly disputed the suggestion that his reticence on the issue might be an attempt to ingratiate himself with a popular mayor.
But two paid search engines -- Web sites that place advertisers in their search results according to how much they pay -- have fared surprisingly well.
When Moseley died at 98, she was satisfied that the fried chicken and Southern cuisine she had turned out since 1938 would continue to be among the finest served above the Mason-Dixon line.
Big quakes of 6.0 or greater magnitude are rare in the New York region, he said.
Despite the drawbacks, child translating carries a few unexpected benefits.
The scientists chose muons because, being more massive than electrons, they are more likely to interact with the relatively massive particles predicted by supersymmetry.
Tie game, with more heroics and histrionics to come.
We don't have any Asian elected officials, and the Chinese community doesn't vote as much.''
It is true that God is said to have created us in his own image, ''an unmistakable invitation,'' Miles says, ''to make some sense of God in human terms.''
Mr. Wasserstein, whose powers as the head of the firm will far exceed those of his predecessors, is expected to fare much better.
Nobody was going to tell them not to come in.''
IN OTHER GAMES Bobby Purify rushed for 191 yards to lead COLORADO past COLORADO STATE, 41-14, in Denver.
Emulex said it had fewer orders for its products, which speed data on computer networks.
Elizabeth Dole, who was labor secretary under former President George Bush, set procedures in motion in 1990 to establish these rules.
She moved to the Osborn campus in July 2000.
I repeat it today -- that if there -- if in -- and we hear a dialogue on the Hill about the importance of national defense.
Microsoft then, company executives said at the time, considered Washington a distant and largely irrelevant dot on the map, far removed both physically and spiritually from its headquarters just outside Seattle.
''I never thought of it that way,'' Mrs. Goldstein said -- ''that we should be conserving more.''
Along the Mexican border, an essentially good cop (Benicio Del Toro, above) is caught between drug lord and corrupt official, while in San Diego the wife (Catherine Zeta Jones) of an imprisoned dealer (Steven Bauer) plots to murder a witness (Miguel Ferrer) against him.
''The top team seems elated,'' he said.
This year, Southwest, a highly successful discount airline, proposed a $35 million terminal for its own use that would include building additional runways.
Signed DT Antonio Mays and TE Lawrence Hart.
The appeals court had found that the judge repeatedly violated judicial ethics rules by holding conversations with reporters from a variety of publications, including The New York Times, in which he was critical of the company.
In the United States, the government shut down eight storefront operations that were part of the Al Barakaat network and raided two others in Virginia.
Bortolami is at the top of the overall ranking with a time of 8:23:20, and Wrolich is second, 6 seconds back.
I think he could be an entrepreneurial millionaire, but I hope he doesn't because it would be a shame.
A big problem arose five weeks before my book was scheduled to come out.
The Justice Department said George Weston would divest itself of Sunbeam's fresh bread products in Philadelphia, southern New Jersey and parts of upstate New York.
Many trekkers complete the Annapurna Circuit without a guide, but I wanted to learn more about the region and its people.
Don't be confrontational and bowl over colleagues with force of personality, Mr. Stupski advised, but concentrate more on building consensus and maintaining key relationships.
''The first reaction is, 'What happened to the December quarter revenue?'
Williams, one of the N.F.L.
Most of those projects were championed by lawmakers who are in Congress, many of whom sit on the powerful Appropriations Committees.
Even so, do not expect Mr. Blum to take his work home.
This might be a sign of noble rebellion, except that it's Mr. Kline's bravery and subtlety as an actor not to sentimentalize George as a sweetie under the skin, a man too sensitive for the corporate world.
Of particular note was Stockard Channing's subtle empathy in ''The Business of Strangers'' -- she gets better and richer in each scene, though the film feels underwritten -- and Brian Cox's bluff, cheerful and complicated pederast in ''L.I.E.''
As the use of computers in offices grew, various commercial e-mail services, none connected directly to the Internet, indeed cropped up.
Performances: Mondays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m. Tickets: $35 to $90.
We had stopped in the port town, also called Pantelleria, in late afternoon, when we ran into Gianfranco Rossetto and his wife, Francesca, whom we had met at a dinner that week and who insisted we immediately come with them to the Tikirriki bar for a quick prosecco or two.
''It's all about helping the people who can't help themselves,'' said James Cervino, a marine biologist from College Point, Queens, who teaches science at St. Francis Prep High School in Fresh Meadows.
''Every company needs to do a self-audit of their noncompete clauses,'' Mr. Schachter said.
This has been a good year for language books.
And the bell in camp is a sound and also a silence, and a sound between silence.
At today's meeting, several doctors said they feared that some patients could still be taking the drug who should not be.
The position is traditionally filled by an American who has the support of the White House.
And yet in the early 1990's, when a friend heard that breast-feeding reduced the risk of asthma and allergies -- both of which had plagued Smythe early in life -- Smythe decided it was worth a try.
Seven years later, that watchdog force is still there, though even with its presence, Hebron remains a caldron.
Tie the legs together with kitchen string.
Mr. Solomon went on to Brett Butler's ''Grace Under Fire'' and to a 1998 pilot for Ms. Gifford that never made it on the air.
As many as half the young men of Pakistani or Bangladeshi descent have no work, officials say.
Ms. Zekaria said that a list of services considered ''de minimus'' is in the Rent Stabilization Code at Section 2523.4.
Clemens wants to keep a memento or two, the ball or maybe his pair of spikes, to remember this special day.
Gracie Mansion herself was at the wheel.
The New York State Council on the Arts is fueling the movement by encouraging cultural groups to ''take the time and energy to think through how they approach their programs with an eye toward expanding audiences,'' said Nicki Clarke, its executive director.
Since the Paul Taylor Company's last visit here in 1996, interest in modern dance has grown enormously, although performances are still limited.
Previously recorded: $4,519,153.62 Recorded Thursday: 136,575.33 Total: 4,655,728.95 Last year to date: 3,791,584.01
Three shots fired by Mr. Garcia, whom she had dated for more than five years, hit her in the head, back and arm.
Well, real estate columnists are no exception.
When it comes to buying electronics, consumers have shown some resilience in the face of the first recession in a decade, the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks and the war in Afghanistan.
Mr. bin Laden has vehemently attacked the presence of American troops in Saudi Arabia, his native country.
Splashing and laughter and delighted screams at the pool.
Even though Thorpe remains one of the circuit's longest hitters, he has learned the value of patience on the golf course, and his putting has improved.
He graduated from Columbia and received an M.B.A. from Yale.
Under terms of the agreement, Dow AgroSciences will buy the Rohm & Haas agricultural chemicals business.
It also said that it was sending people to Johnstown, Pa., and Manhattan, the sites of its two crashes.
TESS CANJA President, AARP Washington, March 26, 2001
Her father, an allergist, practices in Gaithersburg, Md.
His Poiré Granite, or pear cider, made from an orchard of 300-year-old trees is so delicious I would drink it with anything.
While the Cobblestone loft was unfinished and for sale by the developer, the Ice House lofts, being resold by private owners, were decorated with leather, ornate mirrors and pleated draperies.
Shelves displaying the store's goods -- trays of nails, rolls of tape -- lay exposed inside the gutted store.
''Attention, people of Afghanistan,'' blared one warning, which was made public by the Pentagon.
The economic pot may be cooling, but it has to be cold before the group signs a certificate of recession.
Dokic is no stranger to upsets, having stunned Martina Hingis in the first round at Wimbledon in 1999.
Dr. Nancy Toomey, chairwoman of the women in science section of the academy and associate dean of engineering and applied sciences at Polytechnic University in Brooklyn, said she was not completely comfortable with the changes under way.
COMELLA: With a 20-week season, essentially -- four preseason games and a 17-week N.F.L.
On defense, David Regis, who had an awful performance against Honduras, will be replaced at left fullback.
At 11 Broadway life goes on, but far less ebulliently.
Did he know where she is?
Fox News is known for its conservative bent, so it was not surprising that it bracketed Mr. Ramey's unpopular views between vehement disclaimers.
The Mets could still deal Escobar, who will be ready for spring training, but the injury does not raise his value on the trade market.
Ms. Amernick's tender, butter-laden cookies were dreamy, as was a cashew dacquoise, served with chocolate sorbet.
Meanwhile, the Red Sox acquired the right-hander Dustin Hermanson from the St. Louis Cardinals for three minor leaguers, outfielder Rick Asadoorian and first basemen Luis Garcia and Dustin Brisson.
The restaurant serves only three things, listed on the menu from top to bottom: the nabe ($7.50), somen or udon ($6.70), and wild deer sashimi ($8.35).
Palestinians who lived in the West Bank before 1967 are entitled to Jordanian passports.
A still settled over the stands as 60,000 spectators, perhaps thousands more, watched the aftermath unfold before them.
Refusal to go along, appraisers say, often results in their being blackballed by lenders, who will look for more compliant appraisers.
Mr. Manochi considers mowing his lawn a form of exercise, and he even times it by the clock on the back of his stove.
I said, ''That's O.K., I don't need it.''
A restaurant closes for a few days, and voilà!
And indeed, if people truly believe that abortion is the same as mass murder, then you can see the awful logic of the terrorism it has spawned.
PRESTON-Susan G. 70, October 20, 2001, at home in St. Simons Island, GA. Beloved mother of Diane P. Dolinsky, Carmel, IN, and Julie P. Kennedy, Oxford, MI.
The first article, in Yomiuri Shimbun, the most conservative of Japan's major newspapers, appeared in an edition that hit the streets Friday afternoon, when Mr. Hayami was on a Washington-bound plane.
The confidence-building measures would require the Palestinians to arrest members of the militant Hamas movement, and the Israelis to pull back their tanks, moves that both sides would be most reluctant to take in the highly charged situation, the officials acknowledged.
Still, Phillips said, ''We like the quality of his pitches, a lot.''
president five years ago, a parent asked about the school's evacuation plan at a meeting.
Belle was scratched from his first scheduled spring training start yesterday because of a degenerative hip that has left him limping.
''My best times are family times.
He worked out, then held an outdoors news conference at which he declared that he had made no contract demands and apologized to ''all baseball fans of America and sports fans'' as well as White Sox fans and his teammates for creating ''a big distraction.''
A spokesman for the National Guard Bureau, a coordinating group for the state-directed National Guard units, said he could not estimate how long the recovery operation would take.
Formed on March 1, 2000, from the merger of Whittman-Hart Inc. and the Internet consulting firm USWeb/CKS, MarchFirst had in the months leading up to the filing announced job cuts, a management reshuffling and the sale of crucial assets.
France will play the Netherlands in the next round in September.
''What would you abandon him for?''
So we crossed the bridge, went through the tunnel, ripped out the beige carpeting and dragged our feet about trading in our New York plates.
We try to make them play with each other and other kids, like normal kids, but you can't avoid it.''
It's two different teams, two different years.
''They went all out to support us, so we wanted to make a concerted effort to thank them.''
Henry Rodriguez, brought in to challenge for the job, has battled migraines for three months and admitted he is only 50 percent.
Mr. Ingram hesitated, saying he was worried about the risk.
Wright's players have a 100 percent graduation rate.
A Long Island man has been charged with posing as a lawyer and stealing nearly $10,000 from immigrants by promising to help them with immigration matters like work permits and green cards, Denis E. Dillon, the Nassau County district attorney, said yesterday.
''These numbers are within the realm of what we could reasonably be expected to manage.''
In late July 1999, two sisters filed a federal lawsuit alleging that they had been wrongly arrested and beaten at Police Headquarters after one of them sharply spurned the early-morning barroom advances of an off-duty officer.
www.santafechambermusic.org SANTA FE DESERT CHORALE -- Santa Fe and Albuquerque.
I'm merely interested in asking about her knowledge, her involvement and her benefit from the income tax fraud, and how all of that relates to her position as district attorney in this county.''
The police said traffic was made particularly heavy by people traveling from resort areas of the Jersey Shore.
He's here; he's there; he's everywhere, surrounded by a flying wedge of assistants, turning out immaculately polished Pop-style product, from cartoonlike paintings to dolls and T-shirts.
The Israelis could then reciprocate and match his actions with a relaxation of their policies.
Mr. Short said Jiminy was also inspired by interviewers he has encountered in years of film junkets that allot each television reporter five minutes to ask a question.
Mr. Bush's agenda is neither compassionate nor conservative; it's radical and it's dangerous, and Democrats should say so.
The restaurant, which vibrates with sound and sizzles with color, is the sassy sibling of the more staid Eleven Madison Park next door.
These local specialties are very local.
These have been assiduously collected by the historians at ESPN for a one-hour documentary on Duke-Kentucky for their ''Game of the Week'' series, to be broadcast next Sunday on ESPN Classic, totally coincidental to the rematch.
Birds, though gifted, don't write long, graceful lines of melody, and they tend to quote themselves, though not as shamelessly as some successful composers.
She had only a couple of scenes playing a fly-girl manqué living in the corn-as-high-as-an-elephant's-eye Midwest, but her insolence made her seem to be daring you to look away.
''What the folks in the coalition bring to the table is that every one of these organizations represent substantial numbers of members,'' said Dirk Van Dongen, the president of the National Association of Wholesaler-Distributors, and one of the founders of the group.
There has been no shortage of witnesses testifying against JOHN ASHCROFT, President Bush's nominee for attorney general.
When she complained, she said that she was accused of often being late or absent.
The complaint against the Charleston port was brought by South Carolina Maritime Services Inc. after the port authority refused it permission to berth its ships there.
Every inch of the pipeline is monitored by computers, and it shuts down when an unexpected drop in pressure is detected, limiting the size of any spill.
Soldiers peering through the windows yelled through bullhorns and pointed their weapons to ''make it very clear'' that the crew must stop, one said.
Evidence mounted today that Europe is slowing down, as Italy reported that its economy contracted in the second quarter from the first quarter.
His organization, the Recording Artists Coalition, successfully lobbied Congress last year to withdraw legislation that would have allowed recording companies to permanently own artists' master recordings.
The army surgeon had just finished stitching a 5-year-old girl's scalp back on her head in a makeshift open-air military hospital for earthquake victims today when two doctors from New Delhi, who had volunteered to help, rushed up to him.
b. growing popularity of women movie stars.
John T. Thomas performed the ceremony at Christ Episcopal Church in Irvington, Va. Mrs. Ince, 32, is an assistant regional counsel in the New York office of the Environmental Protection Agency and was an environmental adviser for Hillary Rodham Clinton's Senate campaign last year.
''They potentially might have to deal every day with issues that could be construed as lobbying,'' said the legislative counsel for the New York State Catholic Conference, Richard E. Barnes.
''We keep trying to tie people back to ones we don't know, but we haven't been able to take it all the way back yet.''
As Mr. Taubman's diaries documented, Mr. Greene said, around Feb. 2, 1993, ''a private jet hustled him over to London'' for a private meeting in his apartment with Sir Anthony.
Yesterday's underdog is today's top dog.
''Allen will guard Ray Allen a little bit.
The judge has some discretion in how to adjudicate the case, legal experts said.
Academic art, which had survived the assaults of the Impressionists, Post-Impressionists and Fauvists, remained an appealing target.
Its primitive look is startling.
Politicians have cast it as evidence of the indomitable spirit of a rock-solid America; pastors have given credit to a more celestial source.
Matt Stairs, acquired from Oakland, could also play some games at first for the Cubs, while Julio Zuleta, who got a taste of the major leagues last season after seven years in the minors, is a long shot for the job.
He is one of seven players in major league history with at least 3,000 hits (3,107) and 400 home runs (421).
But I did, one week later, on New Year's Eve, and as I walked, the sequins sparkled while the feathers molted.
''Exotic ornaments, colors and scenes are particularly effective in creating an atmosphere in which the mind is free to frolic and becomes receptive to entertainment,'' Lamb wrote.
I got through that one and put it behind me.
''So far we have found no clues to suggest that the mail or the mail handling was the cause of her exposure.''
He was arrested on Dec. 12, 1999, after a police officer witnessed a drug deal in Harlem through binoculars from 270 feet away, according to trial testimony.
If it cannot, it will look to other options, like traveling by bus to other airports in upstate New York.
More and more, though, I think that sort of stuff actually reflects a diminished interest on the part of the audience in anything other than show business and, by inference, celebrity.
Jackson is expected to meet with the two players over the next few days and try to iron out the situation before it become more volatile.
But Mr. Hogan didn't love the steel industry.
Services will be held Thursday 9:30AM at ''The Riverside,'' 76 Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
Mr. Harth, a big supporter of Perspectives, is happy to take his place.
Gene Orza, associate general counsel for the players' union, acknowledged a resolution but would not confirm or deny the terms.
For example, garigari jako to daikon sarada, ''crunchy-munchy'' air-dried minuscule anchovies, daikon radish and lettuce salad, is $5.35.
On the advice of a pair of Merrill brokers, Mr. Williams, the vice president of operations for Dataflux in Cary, N.C., has sold some of the technology stocks he bought online, hedged his positions in some others by selling options to limit his potential losses and put most of his money into mutual funds.
Stepping wearily into the third, the Blues were fortunate to still have a chance to extend their season, lucky to be tied considering the Avalanche had outshot them.
''Now I can't even touch you,'' she told him.
(Reuters) IRAQ: ALLIED ATTACKS REPORTED Iraq said seven people were hurt when Western planes attacked civilian targets in the south.
Though the novel, like the house, starts to show some cracks by the end -- and the conclusion is far too tidy -- Jack's saga overflows with dark wit, sly literary references, suspense and heartache.
For Evelin Sullivan, in ''The Concise Book of Lying,'' the truth about lies is explored in a more popular vein, with examples from movies, novels and politics; she offers typologies of lies and analyses of the costs of untruths.
Exports of the foods slowed to a stop.
The Brewers jumped on Padres starter Bobby Jones (6-13) for three runs in each of the first two innings.
4 Juan Carlos Ferrero, No.
The number will be in area code 212.
In the box marked Documents menu, click on the Clear button in the lower portion and then on O.K.
It appears that Mr. Messier's main priority is to put the USA television businesses and the Universal film units under unified management, eliminating overlapping operations and exploiting potential synergies among films and television programs.
The Pentagon is still shifting through bomb damage assessment from Sunday's strike.
He also told an interviewer that ''eroticism relates to a knowledge of evil and the inevitability of death; it is not simply an expression of joyful passion.''
Those who thought that the sluggish economy might have started improving by now, with the help of interest rate cuts, are finding that the troubles are proving to be longer-lasting, with companies expected to post another sharp decline in profits.
SALMON WITH BEURRE NOISETTE Time: 20 minutes 4 6-ounce salmon steaks Salt and freshly ground black pepper 4 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice Minced parsley, chervil, dill, chives or scallions for garnish, optional.
The delegates must also seek agreement on the composition of an interim executive coalition or how ethnic Pashtuns, who dominate the south of Afghanistan and make up the bulk of the Taliban, will be represented, diplomats said.
Officials said they would kill 850,000 chickens, 140,000 pigeons, and 70,000 quail over the next two weeks.
In New York, rates have held fairly steady, but New Jersey has reduced them, and industry officials predict that later this year, when new figures are released, New York will overtake its neighbor as the state with the highest premiums.
The reserve forward-center T. J. Cummings paced the Bruins with 18 points.
Tight end Howard Cross said he looked forward to changing diapers for his 6-week-old twins.
The heavier costs come in international political terms and in giving a new life to precisely the weapons the defensive shield is supposed to defeat -- nuclear weapons.
are big and beautifully produced, but bland despite various digital manipulations.
I like to think there's something of Sachs in me, but that's shooting high.
Riady then gave Huang a million-dollar ''bonus'' and ensconced him in a sensitive post at the Commerce Department.
Jeffrey W. Runge, the agency's administrator, said in a statement that ''the American public is well served by removing defective products from the road without delay,'' adding, ''We are pleased Firestone has taken this approach in lieu of lengthy court proceedings, moving us quickly to a safe solution.''
Kidd's situation is much more serious.
At this point South should have cashed the heart ace, unblocking.
These steps were among the president's finest moments.
''Despite this mistake, he's the best in the business and was, is and will be an enormous asset to the Hevesi campaign,'' Mr. Schumer said.
''Everyone is dressed by stylists, and it's a problem,'' Kelly Lynch said.
''When we dug it up, it was just powder,'' Mr. Pontecorvo said.
During his trial, Mr. Stobie was not accused of firing the fatal shots but was charged with conspiracy through aiding, abetting and counseling, and procuring weapons.
Every decade, Hong Kong has grown by a million people.
The move will raise the interest expense for the company, because banks normally charge more than companies have to pay in the commercial paper market, and because its outstanding debt will rise by the additional $1 billion.
Including the first would had added just 8 minutes to the evening.
The same Kossak-Szczucka, in a letter to a friend after the war, described a wartime incident on a Warsaw bridge: ''Another time, on the Kierbedz bridge, a German saw a Pole giving alms to a starving Jewish urchin.
It's up for debate whether you should make your choices about love according to the dictates of your friends and societal pressure.
70 in Houston, Bonds created his own unfathomable scenario at home.
We didn't forget about that game.''
But Delbarton, of course, also left Murphy overlooked in basketball, and he continued having to disprove his reputation as a soft player.
The resulting Port Huron statement is declared the guiding manifesto of Students for a Democratic Society.
It was the first big bank failure in Japan since World War II.
He asked her to lunch the next day, and she went, but not before describing him to her boss.
Mr. Field, an heir to the Marshall Field department store fortune, co-founded Interscope in 1989 as a small, alternative label and helped transform it into a powerful international music company.
The Agenda VR3 from Agenda Computing and the Sharp Zaurus SL-5000D (the latter to be released early next year, although developer's units are now available) are two versions that run pre-installed versions of Linux.
Mr. Phosa, who served as an A.N.C.
Mr. Stark says flocking can easily be done at home.
Mr. Dixon, 45, said, half laughing.
Lynch, who broke his left foot on May 13 in Game 4 against Toronto, said today that he could play at about 65 percent.
He was taken to Elmhurst Hospital Center for observation, said Ronald A. Hooks, a hospital administrator.
''His hair had been burned off, his arms were charred and his skin was bubbling up and peeling off in sheets,'' he said.
Louis was the Senior Vice President and Treasurer of the Fiduciary Trust Company.
That was exactly what Mr. Bloomberg did earlier, when he agreed to debate his Republican challenger, Herman Badillo, only in the most obscure forums, such as early Sunday morning television.
''I've been hit in the head twice, and without the benefit of a protective helmet,'' he adds, alluding to when he was a shortstop in the Brooklyn Dodgers organization.
Retailers should indeed try to use their Web sites to better deliver more informed customers to the stores, Mr. Cassar of Jupiter Media said.
Passing secluded houses and intensely cultivated vineyards and gardens wedged into the hillside, we were soon out of sight and sound of the busy small town, surrounded only by lemon trees, tiny sunbathing lizards and bees humming among the fragrant flowering bushes.
His staff considers him a fool, and his wife can't stand him.
My values are based on courage, which you see time and time again in my books.
Wife of Douglas G. Shufelt.
It says 2001 revenue is projected at $1.5 million and 2002 revenue at $20 million.
That job, which paid $200 a week, began to make life a bit more tolerable.
Although the screen adaptation of Arthur Miller's 1945 novel about anti-Semitism, paranoia and demagoguery in America at the end of World War II is pretty much a one-note sermon about intolerance, it still casts a creepy spell.
Yet a new case was confirmed in New Jersey -- another Postal Service employee -- and traces of the bacteria were discovered in two more post offices in Washington.
Impressionists on Display Another all-star French Impressionist exhibition -- this time an exhibition with a difference -- is to open on Saturday at the Phillips Collection in Washington.
''Danny's got a white hat on,'' said Mark S. Zaid, his lawyer.
Bush Details Charity Plan President Bush began filling in the details of his plan to direct significantly more federal money to religious groups that provide social services to the needy.
The commission reported almost a year ago that Ms. Durante had been the innocent victim of an elaborate frame-up.
As part of the deal, Deloitte has agreed to acquire slightly less than 10 percent of Intira, which counts among its investors Lehman Brothers, the Mayfield Fund and New Enterprise Associates.
Its purpose was to accommodate court traffic, public parking and vehicles from the Police Department's Forensics Investigations Division, a crime laboratory, next door.
Reading this book is like trying to find your way through dingy, cramped, underlighted rooms with no idea of how they connect to one another.
RESERVATIONS Always a good idea.
James Dimon, chief executive of Bank One, told analysts last month that he planned to reduce the bank's leasing portfolio from $8.6 billion at the end of last year to $2 billion in the next three years.
The next event, the Sprint U.S. Freestyle Grand National, will take place Dec. 14 and 15 in Steamboat Springs, Colo. Moseley and his coach and manager, Cooper Schell, consider him to be an underdog in the race for an Olympic gold medal.
The present court could use one, someone with real-life experience.''
I wanted to give it a few more weeks.
(Halfway through, the oil at the edge of the kugel should be sizzling.
But the Americans had already been criticized for not assisting another Pashtun leader, Abdul Haq, who had entered Afghanistan to rally anti-Taliban support.
''Well, I won't have much time left to have children, and I don't want to be a single mother,'' she says.
''In this instance, it was determined that it is in the best interest of our race series to look at other alternatives.''
Mr. Lerner estimates that they have spent about $300,000 so far.
''They were trying to capture something that was going to be lost -- he took what they were saying and turned it into policy.''
The tropical theme is expressed by overhead fans, a slat wood ceiling and black-and-white projections of Cuba on the white walls.
Schottenheimer has won through the years by paying attention to detail, by making people accountable, by having teams that run the ball and by developing stellar special teams.
Columns: William Safire, Bob Herbert.
''I thought it was a house.
After more than five decades in training and performing with all kinds of animals, Mr. Gebel-Williams concluded that there was just one animal that might be close to being impossible to train: the house cat.
President Bush sent a similar message.
Since then the National Film Registry, born of the legislation, has been restoring deteriorating movies and adding them to its archives.
No wonder 1,100 mourners showed up at his memorial.
''We were just complimenting each other's game out there on the floor, the fact that we're doing things different from what we normally do,'' Thomas said.
Mr. Tenet, a Democrat who handled intelligence issues as a senior Congressional and White House aide before moving to the C.I.A., has begun the hard work of redesigning agencies that were constructed over the course of the cold war to concentrate on a single enemy, the Soviet Union.
Marsha Green, Manhattan A Daniel Finkelstein, a Manhattan lawyer who specializes in landlord-tenant law, said no tenant should ever install exterior windows in an apartment without the landlord's consent.
New York City has placed a $25 million emergency order for 54 trucks, each of which would normally take nearly a year to build.
Moreover, the day before the trip to Cologne, Universal and four other major Hollywood studios announced plans for a joint venture that would allow consumers to download movies directly over the Internet.
Plus people think it was a war show, because it is set in 1941 and it is all about soldiers.
109 Continental Avenue, River Edge.
Fairly busy mornings were followed by deliberately slow lunches.
''The courts have always interpreted the limits on government action much differently during times of national crisis,'' said Michael C. Dorf, a professor of constitutional law at Columbia Law School.
Yesterday, an American military spokesman was slightly less categorical, and said the Pentagon would look into the reports.
Chipper Jones hit .444 with 2 home runs in the division series, including a two-run home run in the eighth inning of the series-clinching game.
I say, 'Tell him I love him.'
Those who don't know are never going to, and if they haven't heeded the good advice so far, they probably never will.
Ms. Nelson got the evening off to a relatively earthy start with ''They've Lost Their Footing,'' set to folk-rock music by the Swedish group Hoven Droven.
We must build on this progress and strengthen America's commitment to energy efficiency and conservation.
Jeff Gordon won another race at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway this afternoon, and a delighted crowd toasted him at the finish line by holding up beer cans, waving souvenir checkered flags and using flash cameras that made a brilliant burst of light on his windshield.
As in conversations taking place in any forum yesterday, the feelings expressed on the Web ran the gamut from intense anger -- ''I'm going to find out who did it and kill them,'' wrote one poster to CitizenX.com, a Web discussion site -- to deep sadness.
McCarthy became incensed when Oliwa would not fight him.
Those who have known him speak of his exceptionally clear green eyes, his charisma and his lovely French wife, Sylvie.
For the moment this road is unsafe.''
''I'm not going to throw up a vote on something that's just been dropped in front of me,'' Mr. Kavanaugh said, alluding to the vote tally boards that hang over the Senate chamber.
Efforts to reach nontraditional audiences have paid off in audience growth and revenue, Ms.
On all sides the set is tiered with stairs.
It isn't always the heady fragrance of her beloved roses: Abraham Darby, a densely petaled apricot pink; Reine de Violette, whose flattish blossoms are the color of grape juice; the 12-foot-high climber, Othello, which can sport 14 magenta flowers at a time and blooms again in late summer.
In a way, the buyers and sellers live for fish.
''But these kids come out of school and they've roasted a chicken once.''
Similarly, Mr. Milosz likes large paintings full of people and trees and events.
Call it punk, call it retro (a keyboard player is involved) -- you'll put aside the labels while slamming to the band's powerfully straightforward tunes.
''I think everyone wants to escape sometimes,'' Mr. Frantz said.
''Most times, the team that gets the most turnovers wins,'' McDaniel said after the Giants completed their last full practice today before leaving for Tampa, Fla., on Sunday.
WEXLER-Ruth.The Yeshiva University family is saddened by the passing of a dear friend, a distinguished leader of the international Jewish community who with her beloved husband, Jack, was a YU Guardian.
The laws, adopted to carry out rights conventions that the country has ratified over the years, give Belgium some of the most sweeping powers anywhere to try international crimes.
Besides, he had to go to the bathroom.
Even now, though, she feels ambivalent about exploiting her name, she said.
Mr. Badillo shook her hand and just smiled.
In anticipation of Hungary's expected entry into the European Union within the next several years, the Magyart Festival in France, www.magyart.com, will showcase Hungarian culture with exhibitions, concerts, drama, film, dance and folk events through December.
That was the reaction across much of Europe last week when Irish voters rejected a treaty aimed at enlarging the European Union.
''So a hospital becomes a place where we can practice a few human rights that are basic to everybody.''
Bookscan, which is part of the media company VNU of the Netherlands, was expected to announce today that it has reached an agreement to pay the Borders Group for sales data from its Borders and Waldenbooks stores, collected through the book company's computerized inventory system and entered into Bookscan's database each week.
Dump trucks stood in line in the southbound lanes of the West Side Highway at the southern tip of Manhattan, waiting to ferry the sifted debris away.
The father of Heather Mercer, one of the Americans, said he was focusing on the fact that the Taliban had spoken for the first time of freeing the aid workers without a trial verdict.
Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch.
Mr. Clinton's proposal reportedly avoids use of the word ''sovereignty'' in reference to the contested holy site in the Old City of Jerusalem and talks about Palestinian ''control'' over the Aksa Mosque area and Israeli ''control'' over the Western Wall area.
He will meet Wayne Ferreira in the other semifinal.
This tortured Max is also very funny.
Mr. Cipriani's father was their manager.
There's a huge increase in the number of people entering the sport as snowboarders.
''We've lost an engine and have to make an emergency landing,'' I said.
There was no independent way of verifying these accounts.
But, he remembers, ''The stress level rose at home'' as the troubles persisted.
Potato and cod tortelli in a sauce of tomato, butter and sage stands as a model.
The Labor Day Craft Fair Festival also continues from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. today at the St. James General Store on Moriches Road, with Frank Hendricks and Bob Conroy of Stout performing from 12:30 to 3:30 p.m. and Bubbles the Clown appearing throughout the day.
You don't always get that in companies.''
When Doreen Angrisani was at her home in Ridgewood, Queens, the air vibrated with classic rock.
The father passes his Zen power along to his son, who uses it on the forces of evil; the scenes of the belt working like a living thing as Pootie issues whuppings to bad guys and then leaping back into his belt loops are very funny.
Cabeza de Vaca's experience was no less remarkable.
connections carry information is not affected by the amount of traffic from other computer users.
Free, but reservations are suggested.
The yacht completed the trip of 6,550 nautical miles from Cape Town in 22 days 13 hours 22 minutes 26 seconds.
His favorite movie is ''The Godfather.''
An evening at Le Cirque without a table-side visit from him is social death.
The marchers belonged to a branch of Mr. Arafat's Fatah organization.
This year, 9 out of 21 contestants sought the advice of Alfredo Barraza, a fashion designer, who keeps a portrait collection of his pageant winners -- 14 so far.
Congaree received the second pick, and Baffert and McNair, with a wide-open board, put the lightly raced son of Arazi in No.
All the spoken grief is centered on Troilus.
Who will win the wild card in the National League?
Irreplaceable, beloved friend, who having escaped Communist Czechoslovakia, fulfilled her dream of coming to America.
Schmidt, 28, had been eligible for free agency.
People who, unlike Keegan, bothered to seek me out know that not speaking was one of the most difficult challenges I faced.
The recipe here for spiced plum compote is typical of what I usually do with plums, but this time I tried the recipe with two different varieties: the yellow Shiro and the large black plum.
Among his shop's offerings are a green 1950 lacquer table by Jacques Quinet ($15,500), a set of four Christophe Pillet chairs from the 1980's ($3,200 for the four) and contemporary photography from $250 to $20,000.
But the magnitude of the attack swept aside such concerns, and the company has decided to continue health care coverage for spouses until they die or remarry, and for their children until at least age 19, up to 26 if they are in school.
Sorkin grabs a Merit, sticks it between his lips, then throws it back on the table without lighting it.
Washington is a very different place now than it was two weeks ago.
''And you'll come home that night, take a bath, iron your uniform, shine your shoes and come back tomorrow.''
The issue is expected to come up first in April or May, as part of Congress's budget resolution, and the drilling is supported by President Bush.
Such weapons first appeared on the scene in Frankfurt in 1975, when the Spanish consulate was attacked, and were later used the day after Ms. Meinhof's death in 1976, when Mr. Weber was severely burned and almost died.
The presence of the body is important in Catholic theology because it is considered the vessel of the Holy Spirit, and the purpose of the funeral is to commend it to God.
At 30, is Sehorn past his prime, or is he right on time?
Tuscany without pasta is an impossibility.
Mr. Langslet recalled that in the 1980's a leader of the Socialist Left party lamented, ''Even if Norway had a president, Norwegians would go out and vote for the king.''
''In a way I'm glad that Tramps was sold, because I probably would have died there.''
She would not comment to a reporter.
There are also projects, like Surfside Estates, that recycle parcels.
She said the company was confident the inquiry would find ''no affiliate abuse in the awarding of this contract.''
Furthermore, it would probably have only a modest effect on business investment now, when there is excess capacity; but it would increase long-term interest rates, by increasing both future deficits and future business borrowing.
The original Grove has also a cranky intimacy that has become anathema in new and globalized reference works.
It can't happen now for at least another year.
''I think it's unfortunate,'' he said of the mass resignations.
But in what may have been the biggest gain for environmental groups, a Democrat, Dennis A. Suskind, who was backed by the conservation league, won one of the two town board seats up for grabs, giving advocates of land preservation and development limits a 3 to 2 majority on the board.
Of course, Carmela Soprano, whose social ambitions are hampered only by her marriage to a mob boss, has been known to look down her nose at the average home.
Analysts had expected a deficit of $106 billion after a previously reported shortfall of $109.6 billion in the first quarter.
''There aren't many pieces of Jackson memorabilia, but what there is is valuable.
President Bill Clinton championed the programs -- notably the community access program -- as a way to help communities link up doctors, hospitals and clinics caring for people without health insurance.
''I always think that I'm going to walk out of the room, that I'm going to get tired of seeing it.
The new technology will help Ford raise the fuel efficiency of the Explorer, the nation's best-selling family vehicle in recent years, by 42 percent, to 27 miles per gallon from 19, the executives said.
Both investors and managers seem to have been misled.
His love of life kept him buoyant.
That need for skepticism will be ever more important as the battles go on and Taliban claims of civilian casualties are likely to rise.
In a field of craftsmen, they were authors -- or auteurs, to use Cahiers' soon to be indelible term.
But the mingling of the species is messy.
Meanwhile, a minister from the National Association to Prevent Starvation was getting it all on film.
We started getting million dollar homes here two or three years ago.
This is but one of innumerable caves dotting the limestone formations ringing Vang Vieng.
Before the campus was built, the college was housed in temporary quarters at the Planting Fields Arboretum in Oyster Bay.
''I talked to Osama one day and asked him what was he doing,'' recalled Abdullah Anas, an Algerian who was fighting in Afghanistan at the time and provided a rare personal narrative of the formation of Mr. bin Laden's organization. ''
But has that stopped Ms. Sawycky from using her tag?
Though his mind remains sharp, his ailment, peripheral neuropathy, has forced Mr. Helms to use a motorized scooter to navigate the halls of the Capitol and could make campaigning unpleasant for a man who has never relished it, they said.
''I would characterize that as the kind of agonistic display you find across human cultures, although we can do it often enough with words.
He is survived by his wife of 53 years, Monica; their daughters Jennifer, of Berkeley, Calif., and Hilary; and three grandchildren.
Hundreds of Saudis have the same first and last names as some of the hijackers, he said, and some of the hijackers were apparently using stolen identity documents.
''I've been doggedly holding on to it,'' he said.
Even juxtaposed with solo voices, the massed textures sometimes came across as blunt, but Janacek's strength lies less in counterpoint than in gritty drama.
He is from Syracuse, and he runs the demolition company that will bring down Three Rivers.
The word appeared early in English spelled toockes; perhaps because this might cause confusion among Seventh Avenue designers with its homonym in Yiddish, the French spelling and pronunciation are preferred.
''This is a $250,000 slap to the Hevesi campaign.''
The Harriet and Robert H. Heilbrunn Endowment Fund, created by Robert and his wife, Harriet, has helped support some of New York's leading human-service agencies, and will continue to make a difference in the lives of those in need.
''It's not eaten in great quantities,'' Ms. Kennedy said.
And so, many photographers began to make their own mischief.
Two other high school players joined McDavid that year in forgoing a chance at a college scholarship by going straight to the draft: Kobe Bryant and Jermaine O'Neal, a fellow South Carolinian.
Monsignor Walsh's program got under way in 1960 to help those children by finding housing in foster homes, with relatives or elsewhere until they could be reunited with their parents.
The vaccinations will be administered, on a voluntary basis, during school hours on Friday.
And not much was different last Nov. 7.
Susan Cooper, a spokeswoman for the National Archives, said that Watergate, which led to Nixon's resignation, is included in the material.
The Federal Bureau of Prisons, which allows the families of victims to witness an execution, has increased the number of such witnesses allowed at the prison in Terre Haute to 10.
Twenty people, including several police officers, have been charged in the 1994 attack, when a van loaded with explosives demolished the building of the Mutual Israelite Association of Argentina, an umbrella group for Jewish charities.
He was highly visible during intermissions at the New York State Theater, where for a while he attended every performance of the New York City Ballet.
''And there's nothing better than to be an All-Star.
At Carnegie Hall, he said, he was so choked up he could hardly sing.
But this time, instead of showing the entire woman modeling the shoe, the ads focus on the model's leg and foot.
In May, Ford said it would spend $3 billion to replace all 13 million Firestone tires because the equipment had elevated failure rates.
We extend our sympathies to Nancy, and his entire family.
Mr. Dobrish's underlying assumption about comedy is that nothing is simply nonsense; it may not be sensible to you but it is to one character or another.
''The question here is going to be how Creighton picks up the neglected opportunity of ownership that has laid fallow there since the early, honeymoon days.''
I figured the airlines' Web sites would make it easy, given that these companies could reap huge savings on customer service costs by giving folks a do-it-yourself option.
August will bring ''Rush Hour 2'' on the 3rd and ''American Pie II'' on the 10th.
Perhaps because she stays home when my father and sister go to work, my mother now seems the most frightened of the three.
Other notable productions were Tchaikovsky's ''Queen of Spades'' in 1951 and Paisiello's ''King Theodore in Venice'' in 1961, starring a young baritone named Sherrill Milnes.
With millions of dollars in exports lost as each week ticks by, and with doubt abounding over Canada's motives, tempers are escalating.
Then there are the Jeffords and McCain wild cards.
Exports and government spending are sputtering as the American economy falters and as Mr. Koizumi tries to rein in debt.
How can we prevent contamination by PCB’s?
''I am much more of a 20th-century boy,'' he said, ''not an historic decorative arts person.
''The question has generally been infrastructure access to that region.''
But they say that growing demand for natural gas and its limited supply could keep prices at $3 to $4 for a million B.T.U.
Hours: Wednesday through Sunday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
She is baffled by the television networks' need to package the war (with Emmy-aspiring titles like ''America Fights Back''), by the logic of soldiers dressing in camouflage on city streets (''Maybe,'' she tells one, ''you should be wearing asphalt or something''), by the fact that all the Red Cross workers she has met seem to be from Alabama.
But the biggest test for sports security in the next year will undoubtedly come at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City.
Is it in severely underpaid and underbenefited drug and alcohol workers?
COLUMBUS AVENUE BLUES FESTIVAL, from 86th Street to 96th Street.
''I don't know what's motivating these landlords.
A third, part of a legal settlement approved on Mr. Clinton's last day in office, would require the Environmental Protection Agency to set new standards for pesticide use that would take into account any health risks to children.
There must be proof, via concerted advertising, that there are no Americans available for the job.
And we're making our own music our own way.''
The A and E lines were detoured to the F route in lower Manhattan, with the E extended to Euclid Avenue in Brooklyn.
To ensure that I would be dealing with reputable dealers, I visited the International Vintage Poster Dealers Association's site (www.IVPDA .com); its members have agreed to adhere to ''strict guidelines to ensure the authenticity of the posters they offer for sale and to promote ethical and fair business practices.''
He added: ''In a state of fear or anger, you should not act, even as a nation.''
There is, cynics will say, always a hardy band of leftists decrying something or other on every college campus, like background noise on the soundtrack of a liberal education.
''This will ensure you get the low Verizon rate we promise, without any surprise charges from other telephone companies.''
Under the plan, Royal Ahold, the Dutch supermarket giant that owns the Tops and Stop & Shop chains, said it would take over 64 of the locations, principally in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, at a cost of $178 million.
She graduated from Skidmore College and received a master's degree in teaching from Columbia.
''The cats will get in and because the panicked animals trigger their prey instincts, keep killing until there's no more movement,'' Ms. Hillard said.
It is not clear what action, if any, was taken against the judge.
The calculations ignored income taxes, which for a New York resident would take nearly half of each year's gains.
These struggling families are not easily stereotyped.
In what was a rerun of last year's postseason nightmare for Carter, when the Knicks held him to 30 percent shooting in their three-game sweep, Carter missed his first seven shots and was a nonfactor.
In fact, Mr. Bush's report noted the problem and urged an examination of ''more proliferation-resistant'' fuels.
GETAMOVER.COM: www.getamover .com -- The site matches merchants to your needs and offers directories of pet hotels, storage services and school-quality reports.
The team can then apply the difference given to the player as a financial bonus to itself as a cap credit.
Before announcing the steel investigation, the administration invited Mr. Gerard to meet with Treasury Secretary Paul H. O'Neill, the United States trade representative, Robert B. Zoellick, and Commerce Secretary Donald L. Evans.
At a birthday party at Jodi's Gym in Mount Kisco, Mr. Doowah jumped around like a man possessed in a performance that was equal parts music and over-the-top slapstick comedy.
''There was no way to make a living.
New-car sales in Japan fell 9.3 percent in November from the month a year ago, the third consecutive decline.
The people she has met, she said, want a real person, not a polished politician.
Last week, Giants quarterback Kerry Collins exemplified the team's confidence on offense.
Alexander Mogilny and Pierre Dagenais scored the other goals for the Devils (32-17-12-3), whose three straight victories have moved them a point away from the Flyers (34-19-10-2) for the top spot in the Atlantic Division and second place in the Eastern Conference.
I had a lot more depth and all that kind of good stuff that I've been lacking the last couple of matches.
YU Guardians and RIETS Fellows, he and his late wife, Sylvia, established the Jacob S. Knafou Memorial Scholarship for Sephardic Students at RIETS.
Everyone knows who committed the crime.
''People feel that politics is part of their lives and belongs to them, not just to the elite.''
When he went off to the University of Michigan, he longed to come home.
''It's not what you would envision Tiffany's to be like,'' Ms. Schmid-Snoeck said.
Munchak thanked family members, whom he called the loves of his life, and talked about what he misses most about playing football, even though he remains close to the game as an offensive line coach -- Matthews's coach -- for the Titans.
Mr. Dangler said the boy had died of a severe beating to the head, and he described the killing as ''a slaughter.''
ZARELA ** [Rating: Two Stars] (212) 644-6740; 953 Second Avenue; $$; Review: 8/23/91.
I stayed at the W, formerly the Hotel de la Poste, which is part of a growing national chain.
In one instance, before turning over a police interview with Mr. Counterman's wife, Janet, the prosecution whited out her statement that her husband had been asleep when the fire started, and the prosecution did not turn over statements from neighbors that Mr. Counterman's oldest son had a history of setting fires.
'' ''The pain was unbearable,'' he said.
When advisers lamented that Rehnquist wasn't a woman, a Southerner or a Catholic, the happy president joked, ''Maybe he can get a sex change.''
Dear brother of Cid Corman, Sylvia Artenstein and the late Leonard Corman.
No war plan appears to have been agreed on, and officially the Bush administration insists that no options have been excluded.
The Giants trail Green Bay (9-4), Tampa Bay (7-6) and New Orleans (7-6) for the two remaining National Football Conference wild-card spots.
The army and the police halted their assault on ethnic Albanian rebel positions today before the session of Parliament.
Mr. de Klerk, who shared the 1993 Nobel Peace Prize with Nelson Mandela, learned of his former wife's death while he was in Stockholm at an event celebrating the 100th anniversary of the Nobel Prizes.
Following, a reception is scheduled from 1 to 5 PM at The Yale Club of New York.
Last month, he gave up his prize e-mail address, one he has used since 1996: marc@fest.net.
ROYALS 8, TIGERS 6: Carlos Beltran hit his 20th home run and Kansas City took advantage of five errors to defeat visiting Detroit, snapping a five-game losing streak.
At Federal Express, I was making about $65,000 a year and had a car allowance and an expense account.
''No, really, I'm a little disgusted because it's a team you share a Big East championship with and you don't like to share,'' Taurasi explained.
''We have to play great to get the home court,'' Adubato said.
But from there the trail of ownership that ended with Jermaine Grant grows cold, at least insofar as the Nassau County Police Department is willing or able to divulge.
It was the wrong person, the police said.
Deputy Prime Minister Mesut Yilmaz made a tentative step today, when he said the government had agreed to make unspecified economic changes.
''I didn't want to turn around and hear the follow-up,'' Payton said.
I really don't care if I trade him.
That was where imagination came in.
For a museum to mount a Wolfgang Laib exhibition takes ''an enormous amount of commitment,'' said Klaus Ottmann, who organized the show for the American Federation of Arts, at a symposium at the Hirshhorn in November.
The only way to arrive at the right lyrics, Byrne finds, is to speak in tongues a little.
The report, a wide-ranging inquiry into the technology's implications for health, environmental, legal, economic and cultural issues, is the first of its kind from an industrialized nation.
''It would be the end of the Trash Museum.''
The bride's father will officiate, with the bridegroom's father, at the Rockleigh Country Club.
When Mr. Bush orders American forces into action, the attack should fit the target.
''And while the conduct cited may have been a problem,'' he said, ''to put it in some perspective, there is not one instance here of brutality, of constitutional misconduct or of abuse of a motorist of any kind.''
They were later linked to cancer in humans and to various problems in wildlife, and were banned in 1977.
The result of this interconference game improved Florida's record to 9-1 and kept alive the Gators' hopes for the national championship.
Pancetta, like bacon, is salted pork belly.
If we reduce that enemy to ''evil,'' we conjure up a shape-shifting demon, a wild-card moral anarchist beyond our comprehension and therefore beyond the reach of any counterstrategies.
''This policy to me is very gray,'' said Angela M. Kelley, the deputy director of the National Immigration Forum, a pro-immigrant policy group.
Devoted mother of Arlene and David Lee and the late Marilyn.
But neither the contradictions nor the risks inherent in the lip service the party's candidates paid to the agenda of a wildly popular prime minister escaped the attention of voters on Sunday.
He endured his worst game of the season at Giants Stadium on Oct. 29, finishing a miserable 10 of 31 for 129 yards and 1 interception.
It also has an L.C.D.
But it has also made clear that further financial support depends on how Belgrade navigates a series of political and economic choices.
received through ''Doris'' we also acknowledge again your superb sense of humor and your sharp-as-a-razor mind.
Throughout the 1990's, the report criticized the use of secret arrests and military tribunals in Peru, Egypt, Nigeria, Russia and many other countries.
''The laws that were in place three or five years ago allowed for financial operations that are prohibited everywhere in the civilized world,'' said Miroslav Nosal, a Merrill Lynch analyst in London.
''With Johnson, what you see is what you get,'' she said.
One woman squeezed out of the back of a packed train about 8:15 and promptly sank to her knees on the platform, lightheaded because of the crush.
Determined not to be a scandal sheet, the paper has tended to cover financial crises with the aim of not making them worse.
But the Man Ray here is not a forgery.
1, they paid me more money.
Scatchard was awarded a penalty shot after he was pulled down by Brian Rafalski and Scott Stevens during a breakaway.
Later that night, prosecutors said, Mr. Golden drove to the local State Police barracks in Red Lion and told his his superiors about the incident, though according to Mr. Gerrow, Mr. Golden did not disclose that he had pointed his pistol at Mr.
But Paul Elliott at Thomson Financial/First Call said he thought the sales were consummated because, in the past, Mr. Bezos had always sold the shares he said he intended to.
University of Louisville surgeons implanted the first AbioCor hearts on July 2 and Sept. 13.
No doubt partly under the influence of his long collaboration with Kubrick on this project, his latest answers are not so simple.
It turns out that he came honestly by this trait.
One of the most astonishing artifacts in the exhibition is a 1961 Gorham silver coffee set topped with the intersecting orbs of the iconic atom.
Scientists at the Army laboratory have long been concerned that their agency counterparts underestimate the threat posed by bioterrorism.
Then in the last few seconds we see that it's situated on Easton Avenue in Somerset.
Mira Jedwabnik Van Doren, Executive Producer APPEL-Gloria.
He added that he had suffered no loss of influence with President Bush or in policy development.
As a judge for the New York Society Library's three-year-old literary competition, Ms. Cohen has watched the tales of the city flow.
Roberto Abbado takes his turn tomorrow evening, leading Charles Wuorinen's ''Machault Mon Chou,'' Mozart's Flute Concerto in G (with Jacques Zoon, the Boston Symphony's principal flutist) and Mahler's Symphony No.
Antihistamine drugs work because the active ingredient is a molecule that fits like a cap onto the histamine receptor, blocking the signal that causes itchy, watery symptoms.
Mr. Tilson is only 23, and it hasn't been that long since his career seemed flush with possibility.
Mr. King, a disciple of the yogi Paramahansa Yogananda, finds the crux of the confrontation between Africa and the West in this mirrorlike inversion of realities -- one that reaches back beyond recorded history, the other neo-Classical; one communal and natural, the other individualistic and performance-based.
Everyone was laughing, but that was a great teaching moment.
The answer was not hidden on videotape, and Robinson said today that he was not planning to change personnel on the power play.
The ocher buildings of the Sa Dec school surround a bare courtyard that looks unchanged since the turn of the century.
''There were an awful lot of sidemen around who could have done the same thing,'' Mr. Atkins said in 1988, when asked about his early promotion to a position of authority at RCA.
But other Port Authority executives said the towers were under the command of the trade center's new operator, Larry Silverstein.
''Just watching and always hanging out there,'' Tim Harmon recalled, ''you always wanted to help out, even if it was going to get those guys a soda or picking a shirt off the ground.
But Chinese analysts said the public anger was both predictable and avoidable.
The Yankees have spared Tyler, however, losing the first two games of this series.
The decision should put an end to efforts to carve a gaping religious loophole in proposed requirements for contraceptive coverage.
That's Europe's choice; thanks partly to the colonies that broke away 225 years ago to become independent, it's a free continent, free to establish a continent-state.
It was expected to earn 25 cents on revenue of $398 million, according to a First Call/Thomson Financial poll of analysts.
(Editors' choices of other recent books of particular interest) A PERFECT ARRANGEMENT, by Suzanne Berne.
The coach had done his job.
''It was his sparkle, his exuberance.''
One goal of many researchers is moving music-making into new settings.
Oh sure, the Federal Reserve cited energy prices as a major culprit in the economic slowdown.
''It's hard to find information you're interested in if it's not well indexed,'' said Dr. Cliff Kottman, vice president and chief scientist at the Open GIS Consortium, a group that promotes the use of geographic information online, ''and one of the thorniest areas of indexing is by space or neighborhood.
''Civility on the Rails'' it would be called and taught by distinguished conductors.
Supporters of the bipartisan amendment said law enforcement officials must go from jurisdiction to jurisdiction to obtain a court order since computer communication crosses state boundaries.
Deutsche Lufthansa A.G. says it will eliminate more flights to North America and charge an additional $16 on a round-trip ticket to pay for tighter security and costlier insurance.
OHIO VALLEY CONFERENCE: Jan Thompson's last-second jump shot was knocked away by Austin Peay's Theanthony Haymon but goaltending was called, giving Eastern Illinois to an 84-83 victory over Austin Peay and its first trip to the N.C.A.A.
But I didn't rush to the movie, because of cricket or girls, because I was sour on what I guessed was a Bible picture (there seemed so many then), and because I had no idea who Julie Harris was.
He submits completely to the skillful choreography of Mr. Horejs (pronounced HOR-shezz), the founder of the Czechoslovak-American Marionette Theater, whose new children's show, ''Travels With Old Nick,'' is more about the Devil's wiliness than his evil.
Mr. Coyote is impressive as the upscale lawyer who combines solicitousness, professionalism, flirtation and a barely detectable aloofness.
But then Monroe, down by 2-0 in its last at-bat of the regulation seven-inning game, rallied for two runs and sent the game into extra innings.
David T. Schiff, Chairman Steven E. Sanderson, Pres.
He was at the right age for testicular cancer, and other members of his family had suffered from cancer.
Kansas City, which lost its fifth straight, has given up 103 home runs this season -- most in the A.L.
What critics of capital punishment view as the sad saga of Earl Washington Jr., a mentally retarded man recently pardoned on DNA evidence 18 years into a life sentence for murder, is about to take one more, anticlimactic turn on Monday after he is finally released from prison in Virginia.
In my case, I hope to see my children graduate from high school.
His comment was believed to be aimed at Wade Boggs, who amassed 2,098 of his 3,010 hits with Boston and only 210 with Tampa Bay, but agreed contractually to go into the Hall, if he makes it, with a Devil Rays cap.
The ensemble followed instructions to hammer, drone, slide, drop, scratch or do ''anything'' (Rosenfeld's terms) over 30-second intervals.
The edict to destroy the statues comes at a time when more than a million Afghans are considered to be in danger of starvation after three years of drought.
He keeps a pad by his side; he jots down ideas.
Ken Johnson, a spokesman for Representative Billy Tauzin, Republican of Louisiana and chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, said, ''Simply put, any marriage that eliminates competition is going to get a chilly reception on Capitol Hill.''
The author's deconstructions of Richard Nixon's fevered jottings on long yellow pads, radiating both the nobility and the madness of his own most intimate intentions; moods long familiar become fresh when Reeves reads them against unexpected contexts.
''Now we get a worldwide audience,'' said Ms. Mulanax, a gregarious, self-taught camera operator at the station, which is partly housed in a modest office building here.
''But you sort of snap back every once in a while and remember that the city is under siege.''
These ''smart'' homes would use the growing power of computer networks and sensors to help the elderly avoid or postpone institutional care.
''It hasn't come to Rip easily,'' the silver-haired Collins assistant, John Bach, agreed outside the Washington Wizards' locker room Wednesday night.
The bulletproof vest is a masterstroke.
Alabama's disfranchisement of men convicted of crimes like vagrancy and adultery -- even after time had been served -- was expressly crafted at the turn of the century to limit black participation in politics.
Now, at the seventh-inning stretch in baseball games, instead of the traditional ''Take Me Out to the Ball Game,'' they are playing ''God Bless America.''
The decision is made to elevate the construction and then fill it with gravel and sand from the local supplier.
Though those Internet domain names are protected by registration, slight variations in spelling could allow competitors to claim similar brands.
But Xerox is grappling with the aftermaths of a bungled sales-force reorganization and a mismanaged attempt to consolidate customer administration offices.
American Hockey League ALBANY RIVER RATS--Assigned G Frederic Henry to Adirondack of the UHL.
The previous defeat was at Wimbledon.
Success was measured in small steps.
Even if a limited season is ultimately allowed, it would require the approval of the F.D.A.
Catherine Jordan Kelley, who works in New York as the executive editor of O, the Oprah Magazine, is to be married today to Erik Christian Oley, a cabinetmaker in Ossining, N.Y.
The country was in the midst of an armed struggle -- pitting white settlers, determined to hold onto white rule, against black nationalists, agitating for independence -- and the author's parents patrolled their farm with loaded weapons.
''We're a pretty town of eclectic homes, and we're a safe, convenient and affordable town,'' she said.
Of course, it has plain green leaves, but you can't have everything.
''We were on a very fast track,'' Dr. Fauci said.
There may well be periods over the winter in which you cannot detect any activity.
The company, based in Zurich, said it lost $140.5 million in the first half of 2001.
If brother and sister were extremely close, doing just about everything together, it is true that Khamladai often had the tighter schedule: after her day at Windows, she studied computer programming full time at Borough of Manhattan Community College.
After a humiliating deflation this February, human dignity is on the recovery path, at least as measured by the number of genes in the human genome.
It's our light and air.''
After entertaining offers from more than a dozen companies, they chose First USA, one of the nation's largest credit card companies, which agreed to pay each $40,000 in tuition, room, board and books for the academic year when they enter college in Southern California next month.
He is forever cherished by his family and by the strong community of friends who shared his life.
''There is an evolution in Cuban music where you hear contemporary music that has a contemporary sound.
Witnesses told the police that the gunman said nothing that they could use to piece together a motive for his violent outburst, which occurred about 10:15 p.m. Friday.
Mr. Rubalcaba, the Cuban pianist, has recently thrown aside blinding speed in favor of slow, nearly still tempos.
Yvette C. BrownWahler, a five-foot Navy officer, strode to the fore at the grim hotel gathering down the road from the gashed west front of the Pentagon.
Apparently, nobody at AOL realized that a program grid that lists shows you can't actually watch is a recipe for frustration.
MIDRANGE RENT OF A TWO-BEDROOM APARTMENT: $2,100.
Should the bombing continue after his release, as it probably will, Mr. Sharpton said he would ''intensify the struggle,'' but he refused to say exactly what he would do.
The phone number is 011-44-1-21-378-0493.
Proud of that role, the Parkes hierarchy bustle about in anticipation.
''The heavier and wetter the snow is,'' Mr. Olert said, ''the more vulnerable the trees are, and the more vulnerable our wires are.
AT&T urged the state Board of Public Utilities to force Verizon to establish a wholesale company that would sell use of its telephone network to a new Verizon retail phone company and any competitors on the same terms.
Trying to nail the case against Mr. Nickel, the officers had wired Mrs. Parkins with a hidden microphone.
But we definitely believe in him.
Davis, impressed by Mr. Jamal's melodic pacing, understatement and supple touch, recorded some of Mr. Jamal's compositions, adapted tunes from his repertory and took his own sidemen to hear Mr. Jamal's performances to clarify the group sound he himself was trying to get.
And then there are a half-dozen novels whose oddness is witty but laps discursively at itself without real disturbance.
The Board and staff of the 92nd Street Y mourn the passing of Lewis Rudin, esteemed member of the New York City community, farsighted philanthropist and devoted supporter of the Y.
The competing video game consoles will be offered at identical suggested retail prices.
''It's all good news,'' said Ms. Erb-Miller of the pile of man-pats-dog copy.
The procedure would use my stored cells to replace my diseased immune system, which would be killed with radiation and chemotherapy.
His father is the executive director for the metropolitan New York region of the American Jewish Congress, which is based in Manhattan.
Maj. Gen. Gil Regev said the three men probably died in the attack or shortly afterward from the wounds they sustained.
Mr. Glickman did not even have to broadcast a live game to be memorable, Mr. Sterling said.
The company said it would take a 1.5 billion kronor ($142 million) charge to account for the job reductions.
Rick Adelman, the Western Conference coach, will decide who will replace O'Neal in the starting lineup.
Mr. Ford's low visibility has not been confined to the Firestone problems.
You have got to make a lot of birdies out there.''
We became one of the worst teams in the league, and it hurt.
''The priority customer is a first-time mom,'' she said.
Town and Village Synagogue - Tifereth Israel, mourns the loss of its long standing member and extends heartfelt condolences to her husband, Murray Mass and the entire family.
And one night, down comes this glorious-looking black cat, and a wonderful-looking woman with him.
In an introductory essay, Terence Pepper, curator of photographs at the National Portrait Gallery in London, writes that Horst's mastery of light and shadow followed his relationship with George Hoyningen-Huene, the chief photographer of Paris Vogue.
In essence, the league has decided that playing a full 16-game schedule overrides any playoff consideration.
''There were suggestions in some magazines that this was somehow deliberate,'' said Yoshikuni Igarashi, a historian at Vanderbilt University and the author of ''Bodies of Memory'' (Princeton University Press, 2000), an examination of World War II on Japanese culture.
Lilly is younger and has good stuff, but he is inconsistent, walking five in only two innings Friday night.
Mr. Solomon said that in many ways the situation the new mayor will face ''is very similar to the issues we faced in the mid-70's in terms of finance and economic development.''
Still, she quietly admits she has never fully shed the feeling of Other.
For those who develop and market the technology that makes all this possible, life itself becomes the most terrific deal of all.
Earl McGrath Gallery 20 West 57th Street, Manhattan Through Dec. 15 A relentless kitsch meister working in the tradition of Bosch, Dali and Little Golden Books, Mark Ryden produces painstakingly painted, pastel-colored canvases of less-than-innocent children in surroundings so compulsively packed with nutty detail as to try the eye severely.
The tableau is meant to recreate the picture on the cover of ''British Campaign Furniture: Elegance Under Canvas, 1740-1914,'' (Abrams, $45), a new book by Nicholas A. Brawer, an art historian who served as guest curator for the show.
Masorti Foundation for Conservative Judaism in Israel Rabbi Gordon Tucker, Chairman Joan Kemeny, Paru, VP for Dev.
A console unit tethered to it will provide local telephone, television and Internet service -- even a cable TV hookup -- as well as an outlet for appliances.
In addition to concerns about terrorism, many people said they were worried about economic problems.
Then, four years ago at age 54, my sister Nancy was told she had Stage 3 ovarian cancer.
Stewart, born in the Netherlands to an American father and Dutch mother, played in the 1994 and 1998 World Cups.
Currently 8 of the 12 members of the basketball team live in the New Rochelle housing.
Come to think of it, Pitino has heard it suggested that he not return.
He said that after his term was over he would like to stay on as president of his party.
Court officers descended on the relative as the courtroom erupted in cries and chaos.
Escobar, true to his street-brawler origins, fought back.
James Reinert, a Vatican attaché at the U.N., said that the mission had nothing to add to previous Vatican statements on the issue.
Net income fell 51 percent, to $30.7 million, or 7 cents a share, matching analysts' estimates, from $63 million, or 14 cents, a year earlier.
But they suddenly outplayed the Giants for the rest of the game, beginning with an 18-yard run by Terrell Davis just after McCaffrey's final reception.
The plaque outside was as immodest as the building itself was unassuming: ''Joseph Lazarus, Artist, Architect, Engineer & Master Craftsman,'' it ran, addressing the street in clean script on polished brass.
Times: daily, 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. Tickets: $13.95; $11.95 for older people; $6.95 for children.
Increased abortion reduced unwantedness and therefore lower criminal activity.''
''A socialist background can help in Romania,'' said Istvan Gyarmati, vice president of the East-West Institute and formerly a Hungarian diplomat.
Mr. Maskhadov's government, which was conceived by Chechnya's more moderate rebel factions, was in fact recognized by Russia's previous leader, Boris N. Yeltsin.
For the company's second ''Ring'' production, Mr. Jenkins engaged the postmodern director François Rochaix and the designer Robert Israel.
Moved into the rotation because of Sprewell's illness, Postell entered the game three minutes into the second quarter and scored 5 of his career-high 7 points during the game-turning run.
The American Friends of the Rambam Medical Center mourn the untimely death of Sharon Cosloy Blank, supporter with her husband Edward Blank, our esteemed Board member.
She is also growing more accustomed to the comparisons with Kournikova, though only on the surface.
Mr. Ray, they said, did not want to leave the new president to deal with a problem relating to Mr. Clinton, especially the thorny issue of whether to pardon him.
Dick is one of my closest friends.
Today, Louis Vuitton has 37 stores in the United States; five years ago, the total was 26.
We remember, especially, hosting Victor and Tory in Cincinnati for the Father-Son Tennis Championships, dinners with him at Harvard College, nights at the U.S. Open, and eating a lot of strawberry pancakes.
He said that he had been warned not to tell American authorities but that he had lost hope that his wife would be released otherwise.
''One of the projects here is a future landmark.''
Ms. Olson pleaded guilty to two felony counts of attempted explosion of a destructive device with intent to murder.
Mister, you'd have to be an idiot not to be.
Many held signs that read, ''Hiring halls promote illegal immigration.''
During my travels nearly 20 years ago through Indonesia's coffee-growing regions, I would often stop by a bamboo-thatched lean-to for a drink.
Richard M. Scrushy, chief executive of the HealthSouth Corporation, brought a lawsuit against someone who posted messages claiming an affair with Mr. Scrushy's wife.
All 12 Texas Tech players scored.
But one thing that happens here in this place is when America suffers, and when people perpetrate acts against this country, we as a Congress and as a government stand united, and we stand together.
She described how her security agents hustled her from room to room in Malacanang Palace early Tuesday morning, as a crowd of 40,000 chanted ''Down with Gloria!''
''They should have transferred him to the academy and put him in charge of sensitivity training,'' he said.
The elements of the plan Mr. Bush described today contained no surprises: a reduction of tax rates and a simpler structure of tax brackets; a doubling of the child tax credit to $1,000 a child; a cut of the marriage penalty that affects two-earner couples; and elimination of the estate tax -- which Mr. Bush and other Republicans call the ''death tax.''
But it would nonetheless be a savage blow to Mr. Feuerstein, 75, who as president and chief executive, is hoping that support from state politicians and the local community will help him rescue the company.
Unfortunately, the manager told me that I would have to wait through the mobs to do so, so I just took all the necessary information and decided to order it from the toll-free number.
In the early 1870's Horace Wilson, an American hired to teach in Japan, introduced baseball to the country.
Prokofiev's much-meddled-with distortion of Tolstoy succeeds (and as a direct result of the meddling and distortion) in underscoring what Tolstoy actually regarded as his novel's essential meaning.
A glance at the price, $79, brought out her acquisitive side.
Is it not possible that the resulting carnage was the cause of deep despair and outrage, and not only among the young?
Companies offering high-speed Internet access who do not have affiliations with larger providers face the biggest challenges, Mr. Ellison said, even though customers stand to benefit from a wider playing field.
A government vaccination program in 1973 inadvertently injected as many as several hundred children with a livestock vaccine instead of a vaccine against diphtheria, tetanus and pertussis, Health Minister Micheal Martin said.
''Hugh McColl was a great builder, but now that the bank is built, it's time to make it better.''
In 1943, he signed his first recording contract with RCA Records and made his first single, ''Goodbye Sue.''
The concept of the builder's remedy came out of the second Mount Laurel decision in 1983, which established the Fair Housing Act and created the Council on Affordable Housing, or COAH, the state agency in charge of overseeing the programs within each municipality.
He is survived by a son and two daughters.
If the team makes the playoffs and advances deep into the postseason, it would have more money to spend on Bonds.
It was his first visit to New York since Sept. 11.
''It looked like Bruegel's 'Tower of Babel,' sort of leaning off to the side.
Sanders was 1 for 13 off Wohlers with seven strikeouts before the homer, his 12th of the season.
''The people who have the courage to make the right choice deserve to be welcomed as guests into our country and perhaps to one day become fellow citizens,'' Mr. Ashcroft said as he described how he hoped to use a little-known seven-year-old program to offer incentives for providing information on terrorism.
''It's hard work but Rodney and his brothers have always been willing to do it,'' Geraldine said.
But, he added, ''I support innovative medical research on life-threatening and debilitating diseases, including promising research on stem cells from adult tissue.''
The movie has stars in its eyes, even though it has to blink away the gloom, and it has some of the bittersweet shadings of the director Ivan Passer's ''Intimate Lighting.''
''Any musical takes this long to put on,'' said Mark Linn-Baker, who is directing it; he had produced it at his New York Stage and Film Company in Poughkeepsie.
Last year in these pages, Sylvia Brownrigg admired the book's ''cool grace'' and its ''luminous, incendiary imagery.''
There remains something raw, wild about it.
Richard Nixon, like Mr. Clinton, was not by instinct an environmentalist, but he had the political sense to give his blessing to the great wave of legislation on clean air, clean water and wilderness protection that Congress approved in the early 1970's.
He is survived by his wife and three daughters, Federica, Lorenza and Susanna, all of Milan.
The four dead were all adult men.
So Mr. Bush and his aides are now re-examining Mr. Rove's initial advice.
TUCKED away in the woods of southern Massachusetts, Camp Kinderland has all the trappings of a summer camp: bunks, a lake, a sports field.
Mary Robinson, the United Nations commissioner for human rights, said no one should underestimate the importance of bringing so many people together or the difficulty governments faced in reaching an agreement to fight racism.
The broadcasts conceived in the legislation are patterned after Radio Free Europe, which the United States began beaming into Eastern Europe after World War II in an effort to undercut Communism.
Since the Sept. 11 attacks, the Bush administration has moved to block the assets of 153 individuals, organizations, and entities, including charities, believed to have connections to terrorist groups, a Treasury Department spokesman said.
The couple rarely speak of their experiences, although Mrs. Edelstein says that she starts work in the kitchen every day at 5 a.m. because ''I'm not sad when I cook.''
Investors overcame their initial discouragement about reports that orders for durable goods and sales of existing homes were deteriorating faster than expected.
''I think Lee was chronically overextended,'' said Dr. John Yates, a former associate professor in the department, who is now at the Scripps Research Institute and at Syngenta in San Diego.
More specifically, any rating system employed by a firm should now have clear definitions in every report.
The huge undertaking of rescue and cleanup downtown siphoned vast armies of workers from most projects in Midtown, leaving them at a near standstill.
Part of the growing appeal of games online is simply that people need new diversions, said Jeffrey Brown, vice president for corporate communications at Electronic Arts, a leading computer game makers.
''We are being activists about trying to inform people in advance,'' she said.
THE Nasdaq composite is down 59 percent from its peak, and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index is off almost 20 percent, but ''there are no bargains'' even now, says Warren E. Buffett.
The wild card is the newcomer, Microsoft.
Working in his garden he thinks of heart attacks, strokes.
And then the tight web woven by Leetch and Co. did not give the Panthers much room to move.
That is because, as every contractor and do-it-yourselfer knows, you can't rely on wallboard or plaster alone to support something heavy.
The latest edition of a reference work issued annually since 1868.
Denzel Washington's Own ''TRAINING DAY.''
When he was not swimming, he was biking, and on a 400-mile charity ride from New York to Boston last June he met Kate Zellner.
She moved rapidly through a couple of minor ministerial jobs under Mr. Kohl.
''But certainly we are already reacting emotionally, and the first thing to respond to those kinds of shifts is always fashion.
''Friends'' was beginning to shoot its February episodes.
''Red, Black and Green'' is a wish-list version of a new-acquisitions display.
For the moment, at least, Ms. Glennie, like so many others, is determined to carry on business as usual, if only in defiance of the recent acts of terrorism.
Borders is a distant third in the online book market, with $27 million in sales last year.
Fourteen people died, but the building stood so firm that tenants returned two days later.
Stanford (24-1, 12-1 Pac-10), which returned to No.
The Supreme Court has questioned the constitutionality of indefinite detention, ruling last summer that the government could not order open-ended detention of illegal, clearly deportable immigrants simply for lack of a country willing to take them.
On the first of two days of meetings before the world championships, which begin tomorrow, the decision-making I.A.A.F.
That survey, which sought to measure attitudes on issues like interracial dating and the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday, led to detailed questioning of potential jurors over six days.
''Have no doubt about what this vote is really about,'' Mr. McCain said minutes before the vote.
The online productions, which integrate slides, charts and graphs, are about a tenth the cost of a simple telephone conference call -- and far less than sending analysts to meet individual clients.
In 1996, Jersey City and Nantong, China, both East Coast ports in their countries, became sister cities.
The buckyballs may, however, provide inspiration for the creation of superconductors that work at room temperatures.
Most of all, the agenda is harder to control, and not just the legislative agenda.
Beginning in the late 1970's, the United States Department of Agriculture began a program to eradicate the weevil, sharing the cost with farmers who would vote on whether their region should participate.
When the station opened in 1911, Yonkers was already a prosperous city in its own right.
May his family be comforted among those who mourn for Zion and Jerusalem.
Mr. LeFrak said it could take two years to develop all the western parcels, depending on market conditions and approvals.
''He doesn't look good running away from the press, and people feel that he should come out and defend himself.''
Under the terms of the deal, Sabbia was to purchase the construction equipment for the project, then lease it back to the joint venture.
''I don't have to look it up,'' he said.
C1 Mixed Day for Stock Markets The Dow rose 101.75 points, to 10,965.85, and the S.& P. 500 advanced 4.84 points, to 1,354.31, but the Nasdaq lost 17.29 points, to 2,643.21.
After a brief fling with an Apache, she married a young man from the home pueblo, a distant relative with the same last name.
She said she always remembered the kindness of her aunt, Nancy Pegues, who lived nearby and whom she enjoyed visiting.
One critic of the Federalists received an 18-month sentence for writing that the government permitted the wealthy to gain at the expense of ordinary people.
The title is taken from a video montage, assembled by Mr. Reich, of 1970's film clips: a little Hollywood, a little television, a little pornography interspersed with snippets of the Miss World event.
''That's the impact he had on me that day at Liberty Park in Jersey City.''
Corporate America is behind this and so, in the name of a healthy national economy, are a raft of federal officials.
Chicks had many advantages over amphibians as research subjects; for one thing, chick development is easy to observe.
They will ram you, and you will be one unhappy camper.
Ms. Pitanguy said: ''This new civil code is a blow to machismo and a victory for women, but you don't bury machismo so easily, with just some changes in the law.
At the beginning, Mr. Roberts improvises in the language of modern, post-bop jazz piano.
But ''Projecting Greenlight,'' the 12-part series beginning on HBO tonight, is really about a subject with much broader appeal; it's a story about dream fulfillment, with the sometimes crushing pressures and daily grind of filmmaking providing the harsh reality.
By working there -- and not just working, but ruling from behind a spotless desk -- ''Faat-Kine subverts the society of the past.''
For two months, Natalie quickly walked home after school and during her lunch breaks so she could make phone calls, not to friends, but to officials at amusement parks and entertainment complexes across the metropolitan region.
Its vow to provide ''everyday low prices'' to its customers will be possible by reduced merchandise costs, he added, which is a function of being the largest home-improvement retailer.
''In a few cases, we have consolidated our inventory,'' he said.
''On the first,'' Del Greco said of Washington's blocks, ''I just really didn't hit it good.
But Miami might be about to go into its familiar late-season swoon and the Patriots have won five of their past six at home.
Quality House, 2 Park Avenue (32nd Street), Manhattan, charges $17.
The box-office success of ''2001'' could not refute these critics, but it did testify to an epoch-defining enthusiasm, which today puzzles many a viewer.
How much does it matter that Joe and Abigayle are black, Dexter half white and half Hispanic and June white?
The restaurant's signature dessert, cassata di Oplontis, was invented by an Italian archaeologist-cook inspired by a Roman fresco.
Above its mullioned glass doors, an unusual fretwork design is topped by an urnlike finial.
The agreement by 178 countries was largely the product of give and take involving Japan, Australia, Canada and the European Union.
While these tax-induced sales tend to depress the entire market, their effect is particularly pronounced for small-cap stocks because the markets for them are less liquid.
An animated, if cryptic, conversation carries through the front section of the car.
Mother of Ruth and Ned, mother-in-law of Francoise and Sherwood, loving and involved grandmother of Meg, Ross, Hugh, Melissa, Rachel, Molly and Sonia.
But Mr. Woodworth, who learned about Purdue Pharma's program from a reporter, said he was stunned to hear that the company continued it after reports about abuse.
''Our region's most pressing need is for rental apartments for young people.
At least 15 have died of leukemia -- 6 in Italy, 5 in Belgium, 2 in the Netherlands and 1 each in Portugal and Spain.
The Frenchmen must have seen a once-in-an-eon marriage of function -- the sturdy barrel vaults of the Romanesque -- and form -- the eternal-seeking interlaces of Celtic design -- and created a style combining them both, known as the Herefordshire Romanesque.
In the replay, the opening bid was again four hearts, this time by Gitelman, and Grainger, North, overcalled boldly with five clubs.
More than 137,000 acres were sprayed in West Virginia.
''I think everybody is holding their breath a little bit,'' Scott Brosius said.
The group is pro-Israel, but its translations of Arabic news media have proved reliable.
In previous recessions, Mr. Youngdahl said, the gap typically closed to a level that would be equivalent to roughly $100 billion today before the economy revived.
But others, like the New York Philharmonic, plan to offer concerts on their home sites.
The small paperback, ''Because We Are Americans: What We Discovered on September 11, 2001,'' also includes quotes from world leaders and testimonials by survivors and witnesses.
The president of India's largest stock market, Anand Rathi, was forced to resign last week after being accused of using inside information to dump shares during a panicky sell-off earlier this month.
The yen fell after Japan posted its smallest trade surplus in eight years, indicating that Asia and the United States are buying fewer Japanese products.
Eddie is from a poor village in the north of Thailand.
''I have good vision, good feel,'' he said.
Last night, the Mets survived another eventful ninth inning by Armando Benitez to beat the Toronto Blue Jays, 1-0, completing a three-game sweep and becoming the last major league team to sweep an opponent this season.
Tsantes, which has about 25 employees and revenue estimated at $2.7 million from clients like Cisco Systems, will operate under its own name for a time, then become the core unit of a new division of the Porter Novelli Convergence Group in Campbell and San Jose, Calif., working for companies in the complex-technology field.
Grandmother of Lynn, Jimmy, Susan, Robert, Barbara and Larry; several great-grandchildren.
Then, after being torched by Vancouver's 6-foot-9 small forward, Shareef Abdur-Rahim, in a demoralizing 21-point loss to the Grizzlies, the 6-5 Sprewell said the Knicks should consider going with a bigger lineup against clubs with tall small forwards.
''And possibly it has been used to justify not sending Christmas cards.
Remnants of Mr. Michener's poppies, snapdragons and red hot pokers are still here, tousled by wind.
I've interrupted dozens of dinners, gotten people out of the shower, and driven countless dogs into a mad frenzy.
or Tennessee, which play in an elimination game tonight.
Officials of the State Transportation Department told the coalition it was considered an advocacy group and thus did not qualify for the program.
With flu season coming, Dr. Miller said, he worried that if a lot of people took Cipro -- which does not work for the flu -- resistance to the drug could become a particular problem in people who develop pneumonia as a complication of the flu.
''It doesn't really tell you anything about the manager's skill or the analysts he or she works with.''
Such are the perils, vagaries and unexpected impulses and resolutions associated with the Royal and Ancient Game.
Her father, who is retired.
''It sounds as if, had I not become a criminal trial lawyer doing defense work and not smoked, I might still have had a heart attack at some point.
Young was soon to retire and, if not, then he should because the game had passed him by.
A generation and a half later, in 1970, when blacks numbered 20 million, there were 235,436 teachers, 6,106 doctors and 3,728 lawyers.
Yemen is next door to Saudi Arabia, but Sana is in the mountains.
Like its competitors, it faces a shortage of engineers in some specialties.
Ms. Michaelson, 34, is keeping her name.
''Everyone is impressed when they see my phone,'' Mr. Ohno said, ''but they don't want to buy them because they are too expensive.''
But it will be two Democratic senators that Mr. Bush has in mind when he hits Louisiana later this week.
The briefcase incident was seen as potentially so serious that the Justice Department conducted a criminal investigation.
The Indians have a good shot with one game left against the Royals and three against the Tampa Bay Devil Rays, who were swept by Cleveland last weekend.
This pressure contributed to the recent declaration by Eduard Shevardnadze, Georgia's president, that his country may drop its (vain) hope of becoming a NATO member and instead aim at neutral status.
And nothing escapes through the door.
But Anthony Noto, a Goldman Sachs analyst, said he saw the report as an indication that Amazon's profitability goal was realistic.
To get people to recognize they might not be handling it that well.
Half-hour guided tours of the fort are offered daily at noon and 2 p.m.
A slight frost glazed windshields and anyone walking along the streets was exhaling a cloud of steam.
(Ages 10 and up) 5 4 2 CASTAWAYS OF THE FLYING DUTCHMAN, by Brian Jacques.
American, in turn, agreed to buy 49 percent of DC Air from Mr. Johnson for $82.4 million.
''Once the music starts, and the lights are beaming into my eyes and making me half-blind already, it's just another world,'' Anthony said.
A president is -- there's a lot on my plate on a daily basis.
BIODEFENSE -- President Bush decided that the secretary of the Health and Human Services Department, which has a seat on the Homeland Security Council, should be able to classify information as secret.
The rebels had sought abolition of the monarchy and establishment of a Communist system in the poverty-stricken country.
The show included sculptures and fabric constructions that protested American engagement in the Vietnam War.
Mr. Maazel is 70, a traditionalist with an imperious manner that seeps into his music making.
''A lot of people look at me and expect that because I'm a black designer I should be doing Lil' Kim push-up bras and baggy sweat suits like Fubu or Phat Farm,'' he said.
Sex must also be in the mix.
The bill already includes a requirement that sport utility vehicles reduce gasoline consumption by five billion gallons over six years, which critics say amounts to less than a one mile per gallon increase.
The first of the 30 boats he owned during his lifetime was named ''Manet Zola Wagner''; the second was christened ''Olympia,'' after Manet's painting.
Police Commissioner Bernard B. Kerik offered a detailed picture yesterday of the ''neighborhood satisfaction surveys'' the Police Department will conduct as part of his efforts to improve relations with New Yorkers, who he said should be treated like ''customers.''
But Weeks Marine of Camden will operate the barges at the three other ports.
The laws penalize countries that are deemed to have tried to increase their market share in the United States by selling goods below the cost of production.
They can also be used without attribution,'' he added.
They sit at the tables covered in maroon cloths with bottles of red wine at their center and order all the revered time-capsule dishes: onion soup, pâté, escargots, mussels, steak frites and coq au vin.
When you start it up, the vehicle is powered by its two front wheels.
*Can soccer supply enough fans for three teams in such close proximity -- assuming that the owners of the MetroStars exercised their option to start an additional team in New York City?
Justice Antonin Scalia of the Supreme Court, in town to speak at a legal conference, sat in the front pew looking stricken.
He said his members were re-evaluating their needs.
The steel workers union said today that it would try to prevent the plant's closing.
They sat around depressing little apartments, trading non sequiturs and depressing little jokes.
But 7 of the 12 highest-grossing firms did provide that data to The Times.
''We work very closely together.
''What Roger Clinton has said before, of all the people he recommended to his brother for pardons -- he recommended six people -- no one received a pardon or commutation of any kind,'' Mr. Williams said.
''Going to America makes the character realize how Japanese he is.''
Nasdaq Falls; Dow and S.& P. Rise The Nasdaq composite index fell as some investors worried that shares would drop today if the Federal Reserve does not reduce interest rates by the expected half-point.
Precariously unbalanced between comedy and desolation, Gary Sernovitz's first novel sets three misguided spirits groping toward one another and missing.
Encourage students to add their commentary and thoughts about these quotations on the posters.
No studies definitively address the question of precisely when to start therapy, but the panel concluded that the toxicities have significantly tipped the balance between benefit and risk against early treatment.
As Ms. Lee remembered it, Ms. Pao pulled her aside and whispered to her, ''That is the man I was talking about.''
In observance of the holiday festivities, free museum tours every half-hour beginning at noon, with the last tour at 3:30 p.m., in both English and Spanish.
''He either didn't hear or thought he had enough time to get across,'' Gaudel said of Anwander.
He said that the organization was ''constantly aware of what is needed in terms of preservation -- and where things are,'' searching the world for cinematic elements.
''I had always been interested in talking to people on the street, how and why they wound up there, and I felt I needed to do more than hand out $1 bills,'' he remembered.
The Greenhouse spa offers Indian-inspired treatments like chickpea powder foot exfoliation.
But two years ago, a series of randomized experiments showed the transplants were no better than conventional therapy.
Sewage from foreign tankers can easily contaminate shellfish beds with alien organisms.
Even though Ford and Gucci Group had a growing awareness of the impending downturn in the world's economy, they had, in the last two years, embarked on a program of rapid expansion.
The fugitive copied materials and used Internet services, the authorities said, to check for e-mail on anti-abortion Web sites.
IF people here thought the royals were strange, they hadn't yet experienced an afternoon at Center Court with the Williamses and the Capriatis.
''It doesn't make sense to expand the Javits, at least in the near term,'' said John Fox, of PKF Consulting.
On the day he took the oath last summer, Mr. Miller said: ''Let me repeat the pledge I made to my governor and to the people of Georgia when I accepted this mission.
Congolese music wafted cheerfully from two bar huts, effacing somehow the gloom cast by this Beckettian waiting.
The company said that it expected to earn a net 10.7 billion yen ($88.3 million) this year, 27 percent less than forecasts released in August.
But since most polls show about half of Indianans like the status quo, this is no easy sell.
Add cornstarch, peas, cumin, garam masala and lemon juice.
If they know of any problems, we trust they are disclosing them.
The factory was turned upside down.
Beloved husband of Lorna (Lenley).
Tomorrow night at 8; admission is $20 (Pareles).
A biography is usually interesting either because of the celebrity of the subject or the inherent drama of the subject's life.
You can make an exception for Thanksgiving.
Administration officials denied that the invitation from Mr. Zenga amounted to official government business and said Mr. Borodin did not qualify for diplomatic immunity, regardless of the passport he was carrying.
It serves wonderful rice dishes on weekends -- seafood paellas and fideuas (made with pasta instead of rice), as well as soupy rice stews made with rabbit or pheasant.
''When my son was younger, we'd go Monday afternoons, and do homework.
Predictions of a somewhat quieter -- but still strong -- luxury home market are also being heard among builders of luxury homes.
The electronic networks did as they chose.
Grandmother of Eric and Lori, Cheryl and Rich, Jill and Greg, Marci and J.P. and Jarod, and great-grandmother of eight.
The collapse of the doctrine of one gene for one protein, and one direction of causal flow from basic codes to elaborate totality, marks the failure of reductionism for the complex system that we call biology -- and for two major reasons.
Both banks now need new partners as the government pushes its struggling banking sector to consolidate.
He attributes the informational glitches to the difficulty of corroborating the claims of an anonymous band of radicals.
The S.& P. 500 rose 0.8 percent, while the Dow gained 2.2 percent for their third consecutive week of gains.
But he made just one of his two foul shots in two separate occasions in the first quarter, a telling omen for the night.
Prosecutors have said that Mr. Mohamed assisted another prisoner in the attack last Nov. 1, which left the guard, Louis Pepe, critically injured.
''AMERICAN RHAPSODY,'' Triad, 158 West 72nd Street, Manhattan, (212) 239-6200.
Investigators said Mrs. Ferri told them she worked at Kingsbrook Jewish Medical Center as a nurse's assistant and had been studying to be a nurse at Kingsborough Community College in Brooklyn.
Anyone who has been to the movies in the last few years can easily imagine such sequences as rendered by the seamless enchantments of animatronics.
There are a few things to look for when tasting.
It's frustrating to see him on Iverson like that.
He understands the view in Washington that the arrest of Mr. Milosevic just before a March 31 deadline, in order to retain the flow of American aid, is proof that ''pressure works.''
It's the second season of ''Big Brother,'' the CBS reality series that started with a bang last summer, ended with a whimper but still showed enough promise for a summer entry that CBS refused to give up on it.
As a contingency plan, in case a state takeover does not happen, the Board of Aldermen also approved at Monday night's meeting a plan by the mayor to incur up to $43 million in short-term debt.
Instead, increased spending on business recovery capabilities tends to be driven by new technology, like the development of affordable methods to simultaneously store new data where it is being used and at distant backup sites -- a process known as mirroring.
The police declined to elaborate.
So it is no surprise that the company's annual meeting last month was a spartan, quick affair in an employee cafeteria at a cracker-and-chip plant adjoining the headquarters in Charlotte, N.C. Several hundred folding chairs were lined up on a linoleum floor to face a makeshift podium.
Beloved husband of Mary (nee WhelanMaher) and the late Ruth.
and a woman named Mary Day whose pen name is D. E. Cameron when she writes naughty stories about a French minx named Suzette.
Still to come -- with groundbreaking next year -- is WaterSound, to be built on more than a mile of untouched sand dunes.
''This is an endorsement that came out of the membership,'' he said.
But writing about something other than himself is also Mr. Mailer's downfall, because his authority is suspect.
Ms. Nickerson, who has known Mr. Bowles since the early 80's, when, as she said, ''he took me under his wing, or cape,'' agreed: ''Hamish is not of this time.''
But the law also includes a mandate that existing plants reduce emissions as much as 50 percent.
McDermid doesn't fall into the proscriptive language of would-be censors and editorial writers.
Physically, she felt fine after the Olympics.
Mr. Nuckel is subdued, his voice hoarse from chanting.
MICHAEL C. OPPERMAN A Hard-Working Man The annals of workaholism will hold a special place for Michael C. Opperman.
I said: 'I really need to tell you something.
The prescriptions of these self-proclaimed ''idealists'' run squarely counter to the ''realist'' paradigm, and the vision of that quintessential realist Henry Kissinger.
Although it was impossible to assess the damage from the strikes today, Northern Alliance officials said they appeared more lethal and accurate than a similar attack on Sunday.
''Sometimes I just touch it to remind me to stay calm, to keep it simple and to 'think on my feet.'
From the time he missed out on riches by turning down the chance to join Netscape Communications, Krishna Kolluri knew that Jim Clark, a Netscape founder, was worth following.
(Ages 10 and up) 4 4 11 CAPTAIN UNDERPANTS AND THE WRATH OF THE WICKED WEDGIE WOMAN, by Dav Pilkey.
The short-term issues are, if not easy, at least straightforward; it is the long-term issues that are really thorny.
Mr. Rabal, who appeared in more than 200 plays and films, played numerous supporting roles in the 1940's but became a major star with the leading role in ''Nazarin'' in 1958.
Reed called him out, a critical play because Jeter followed with a single that would have tied the score.
The Commerce Department has also found that Chinese companies, including Sinochem International and the Minmetals Development Company, were selling in this country below their cost of production.
For big energy providers, the great question of the next few years is how the new growth in independent generation, alternative energy and conservation technology will fit, if at all, with their existing operations and their future.
''No one is more opposed to term limits than I am,'' Mr. Vallone said.
Our days had a certain routine.
But otherwise the Clinton administration's record on fighting the worldwide menace of AIDS was unimpressive.
He is the French president; the prime minister is Lionel Jospin.
Reassigned RHP Bryan Corey, LHP Ron Mahay and INFs Keith Luuloa and Kevin Witt to their minor league camp.
Recent polls indicate the Wellstone-Coleman contest is a tossup.
If you don't have anything else to offer me, I'm going to stick with this.''
But, speaking generally, Mr. Heine said the opening of a formal inquiry enabled the commission to subpoena documents and was used when S.E.C.
I'd like to think I'd be the first one to provide services to Martians if they decide to move to Washington Heights.''
How Benitez sprinted yesterday and stumbled Saturday is the story of his career.
Not to mention a healing potato that regulates excess stomach acid although its ties to Genghis Khan are less clear.
''Now, what is the moral of that story?
411 East Clinton Avenue, Tenafly.
He said that he wrote and rejected two 350-page manuscripts before the final version.
In California, even with rolling blackouts and daily alarms about the insufficient power grid, a utility's plan to build a $270 million voltage line through 31 miles of parks, farms, wilderness and neighborhoods in Riverside County, has sparked noisy opposition and legal threats.
It is a show with a built-in name recognition that no other new show can claim.
Sehorn has his allies in the Giants' locker room.
The effigy was displayed by tenants in the early 1980's to express their anger over their treatment by the landlord, Mr. Carter recalled.
SOME employers, especially those in small companies, have even adopted a no-H-1B policy.
It searches the ad hoc network of people using Napster at any moment and, like a card catalog or a virtual bulletin board, it simply helps people find the music they seek.
Star Island Shark Tournament minimum weight requirements also help in keeping down the numbers of sharks taken.
No, but the bottom line ---- A.
President Jacques Chirac of France, in an interview broadcast from Élysée Palace, acknowledged policy differences with Washington in the past, but added that this time ''France will certainly have to be at the United States's side.''
The number of users increased from about 1,000 in 1992 to roughly 9 million last year.
Early man drew pictures of them on the walls of caves; the Greeks used one to trick the Trojans.
The Supreme Court overturned the existing death penalty laws in 1972, and it took years for new laws and procedures to be enacted and developed.
Not that they're bad ideas.
On one side of the fort lies a village of mud-walled houses.
''Many Arabs feel close to Germany because of its history of partition, unification and external intervention, which they see as analogous to their own experiences,'' he said.
Olga Rodriguez bought one for her Delicioso Coco Helado cart.
On their last stop, in Uganda, the team of envoys heard assurances from the main rebel leader, Jean-Pierre Bemba, that he would pull back from front-line positions, and President Yoweri Museveni of Uganda repeated promises to all but end military assistance to Mr. Bemba.
The University of Michigan index fell to 87.8, from 94.7 in January, its lowest level since November 1993.
Roberts, Sheridan & Kotel will ''plug in and fill a need'' at Dickstein Shapiro, ''and for our clients, we would get the benefit of a full-service practice,'' said Todd M. Roberts, a founding partner of Roberts, Sheridan & Kotel.
One had a small plastic bag of rice in his pocket.
He said that profit taking had little to do with a Conference Board report saying that consumer confidence dropped significantly in April.
And the new director of the Office of Management and Budget, Mitchell E. Daniels Jr., seizing on projections of a budget surplus that would continue to rise despite the economic slowdown, argued today that ''there is vastly more than enough room'' to repay the national debt at ''historic levels'' while still financing government initiatives ''at moderate growth rates.''
''It's helped change the paradigm about how people think about aging and Alzheimer's disease.''
But comparable measures repeatedly stalled in the Senate.
''We are not pulling the plug on anyone.
''Can you imagine what it was like for a mother to hear her son has no value?
By the 1970's, iconized, lionized and sadly supersized, he could no longer use his audience as a barometer.
Janice Saxton, a broker with Mr. Welsh's own company, CB Richard Ellis, said an incentive offer does ''kind of flash a building in front of our eyes,'' but she said brokers will not succeed if they try to steer a client to a particular property.
Although Petr Nedved, Radek Dvorak and Jan Hlavac make up the top line, Coach Ron Low frequently says that they don't shoot enough.
''I don't look at this as giving something up; I'm just doing something different.''
Before the holidays were over, her name had surfaced in a question on ''Who Wants to Be a Millionaire.''
Many space travelers come back to Earth feeling queasy and too weak to walk because of the punishing effects of gravity after even just a few weeks of weightlessness.
Lawyers for some neighborhood groups that have filed suit challenging the placement of emergency generators by the New York Power Authority in various spots around the city have said that there may be no energy shortfall but a small surplus.
''I'm going out on a limb here,'' he wrote, ''but if there'd be any way for Pseudo to help us out I'd be grateful.''
Drossin is 28 years old, 5 feet 4 1/2 inches and 102 pounds, with an honest charm.
Dovovan scored the opening goal for the Earthquakes on Sunday, seven days after he created the game-winning penalty kick for the national team in its victory over Jamaica that enabled the United States to qualify for the World Cup next year.
-- House Speaker J. Dennis Hastert, on NBC's ''Today Show,'' Sept. 21.
''Obviously, there is an urgency to win every year.
Some purchases will be exempt from the promotion.
In his view, screening tests often eliminate people with mild cases of color deficiency who could do the job just fine.
But John's Call, who won this race last year at the age of 9, dropped out of contention after a mile and finished last in the field of nine.
''I don't know if he stole them or what,'' she said laughing.
Dozens of Israeli Arab children, dressed in Barak T-shirts, chanted, ''Bar-ak, Bar-ak'' in sweet voices.
''It's built like a fortress,'' Mr. Palombi said.
''I certainly worry about it,'' said Geoff Yang, an investor and board member.
Mr. Murdoch thinks that satellites are a cheaper and better entertainment choice than cable for American homes.
His appointment to that post in 1974 came in a turbulent time for the association.
Prime Minister Yoshiro Mori told his cabinet today that he was preparing to resign later this month, before the scheduled date of elections to choose a new leader for the governing Liberal Democratic Party.
Scientists launched NASA's Chandra X-Ray Observatory so that, as the name implies, the observatory could probe regions in the cosmos that are hot or violent enough to emit X-rays, which are blocked by Earth's atmosphere.
That contentious tradition peaks today in a parade of Orangemen from Drumcree church, an event that has caused rioting in past years.
The Medical Staff of Maimonides Medical Center is deeply saddened by the sudden passing of Dr. Gerald Friedman.
The problems in New York come at a time of turmoil in the New York Congressional delegation, which has been divided over how to proceed and beset with political rivalries and infighting among members eager to win credit for any accomplishments and avoid blame for any failure.
Air New Zealand is struggling to rebuild profits and upgrade its aging fleet as it confronts stiff price competition, high fuel prices and the fallout from weak currencies and a global economic slowdown.
Kim Ann's husband was arrested and executed in 1976 as a result of her pleading with the village chief not to separate them.
Trouble arrives as soon as three creepy new servants appear at the door.
Amazingly, Stewart was the only one with injuries, and they were minor.
''Conversations Between Shadows and Light: Italian Cinematography,'' at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum from Friday through July 28, aims to shed light on the matter by highlighting the work of 16 postwar Italian cinematographers, including Luca Bigazzi, Tonino Delli Colli, Pasqualino De Santis, Franco Di Giacomo, Carlo Di Palma, Gianni Di Venanzo, Ennio Guarnieri, Aldo Graziati, Giuseppe Lanci, Otello Martelli, Armando Nannuzzi, Giuseppe Rotunno, Dante Spinotti and Vittorio Storaro.
But he discarded the idea because it might seem self-serving.
The Zapatista rebels have denounced it as falling short of conditions for reviving peace talks, calling it an insult and breaking off contacts with the government.
The Dow quickly lost almost 200 points and stayed between 8,150 and 8,250 for most of the rest of the day.
It will also pay retention bonuses of $11,900 to $19,800, based on lawyers' seniority.
He began playing with fingers and mallets inside the piano, then used striking dissonances in a six-beat rhythm, a little reminiscent of Horace Tapscott, with unmetered sections and dark harmonic idées fixes.
Hours: Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Thursdays, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Sundays, 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. 6 Normandy Heights Road, Morristown.
The books explained, in pictographs and simple language, a little of what had happened.
Though the city's unemployment has roughly doubled since December, it still stands at a paltry 3.3 percent.
CINCINNATI BENGALS--Waived WR LaVell Boyd.
The Connecticut Hospice in Branford has added a few pediatric beds in recent years and provides home hospice care for children.
Meanwhile, Ms. Pirro said she believes the stings are helping to keep would-be child molesters from preying on children here.
''That has got to be some kind of a record for Brazil.''
Last year, she said, she got a total of $6 a month to live on, and this year she has not received a penny.
''I think it's fantastic that you have $795.''
Dear brother of Bella Lecove and Steve Roisman.
Mr. Parsons, who ultimately became Dime's chief executive, saw the bank through a few tough years as it was hobbled by bad loans.
Along with Cuervo, Nene and Angel prowl the beaches and fairgrounds outside Montevideo in narrow-lapeled suits, dark ties and sunglasses, looking for all the world like the stars of a brooding Spanish-language remake of ''Reservoir Dogs'' or ''Ocean's Eleven,'' and then conclude their sojourn with a fusillade that makes ''Bonnie and Clyde'' look restrained.
An experienced birder can pick out individual calls from the nocturnal cacophony.
When the culture war is framed in apocalyptic terms -- homosexuals want to destroy the country!
His plight should become more dire this month, when the government releases projections showing that the federal surplus will be much smaller than was forecast only a few weeks ago.
Jim Twohig, the corps' project director, said that after studying a variety of alternatives, from dams to channel widening, the mountain shaving approach was chosen as less expensive and more beneficial for Grundy.
The first, a jazz puppet show about an adventurous bee, plays tomorrow at 11 a.m. Tickets: $15; $7 for those 10 and younger.
Over Christmas, she went back to the Pelham Fritz Apartments, at 1721 West 18th Street, with toys and clothes.
''If infidels invade an Islamic country and that country does not have the ability to defend itself, it becomes the binding obligation of all the world's Muslims to declare a holy war,'' the decree said.
Richardson was quiet and dignified.
The SAT II language tests raise a number of issues worthy of discussion, which we are considering as part of a broader faculty review of standardized tests in the admissions process.
Stocks rose yesterday, extending gains from Wednesday's hefty rally, after the computer and printer maker Hewlett-Packard beat Wall Street's lowered expectations and nursed hopes that an economic rebound was in sight.
Furthermore, he said, ''There is a looming recession and we still don't know the full impact on the economy of the September terrorist attacks.
Mr. Grubman's reputation has also been tarnished inside Salomon Smith Barney, where the sales force used to treat him with deference.
Oklahoma (26-7) pulled to 59-57 on a free throw by Nolan Johnson with 1:23 left in regulation.
MADISON HIGH SCHOOL ''The Sound of Music.''
The beauty part of the sequence is not the obvious climax, the actual fight, but the seconds leading up to it, in which Mr. Kelly carefully decelerates into a moment of ''three hearts poundin' loud, three lungs, pairs of lungs, suckin' louder, suckin' hard.''
The group's sales growth slowed to 2 percent last quarter, NCR said.
Born in Krakow, Poland in 1924, died on November 26, 2001 in Paris.
Fond mother-in-law of Michael, Kenneth and Toni.
Coach Jim Fassel announced that Cross would probably miss two weeks of practice, setting his return for the week leading to the Sept. 10 season opener at Denver.
Labor-strapped employers risk steep fines and even jail to hire undocumented workers.
The task force did not include the New York Police Department.
Wendy Gibson, a spokeswoman for the state preservation office, said yesterday that she could not comment on the details of the Port's plan, because a memorandum of understanding approving the changes has not yet been signed by all the required parties.
Credit agencies and investors are rarely as generous to financial services businesses as to industrial or technology companies.
FOOTBALL National Football League DENVER BRONCOS--Signed OT Todd Fordham.
That stepping has survived the dance crazes over the years and even the disco fever that once seemed to invade every dance club in the country, is a testament to its appeal, said Sam Chatman, a Chicago disc jockey who refused to play disco in its heyday and is credited by many Chicago steppers with helping save the dance.
There are other stories of pets being brought back from the abyss, which tends to be when many holistic veterinarians get their hands on them, said Dr. Anne Hermans, a certified acupuncturist and homeopathic veterinarian in Bridgewater.
The AIDS virus is being detected in gay black men at stunning rates, comparable to some of the hardest-hit sections of Africa.
Two years later, amid legal challenges, the state's voters decided to reaffirm it by 60 percent to 40 percent.
But in practice, Mr. Daschle has the final say on the Democratic roster on the delegation, and he can block the creation of a conference committee by threatening a filibuster.
The company, which owns Saatchi & Saatchi Worldwide among other agencies, said that billings, excluding the effect of acquisitions, grew 6.3 percent, to 7.5 billion euros ($6.7 billion), in the first six months of the year, outpacing the 2 percent average growth for the industry.
Most people, however, see another burden for the little guy in an economy where paying cash is a time-honored way to obtain a lower price and to avoid taxes.
The truth is that when you drive a motor car of this pedigree, you expect something mystical, something to make you wish the trip would never end.
But for the city's economic future, Mr. Zandi said, ''It all comes down to financial services and travel.
She has often relied on the old-shoe standby: place your résumé in a shoe and mail it to the employer.
Mr. Martins would not divulge the evening's repertory or the identity of the program's mystery guest.
Things like Piniella flailing his arms like a man swatting gnats.
Weisel did not return calls seeking comment.
There, the abductors -- recently described by the United States ambassador to Ecuador, Gwen Clare, as ''a bloodthirsty, totally criminal organization'' -- are believed to have their base.
The police had no immediate information on motives in the killing.
The unit, Associates Fleet Services, buys cars, vans and trucks, leases them to companies, and provides services like registration, maintenance and claims processing.
The couple's contract with the embryo storage company stipulates that the embryos would be destroyed in case of divorce, and it was the woman's attempt to do so that led to the suit.
It was almost as if it had happened to them, as if a vicarious American patriotism had crossed the Atlantic.
Does it swoop in whenever warring golf foursomes are arguing over who should tee off first?
Katrina Hazzard-Donald, an associate professor of sociology at Rutgers University-Camden, said the hiring of Milt Wagner was no different from the practice in academia of providing jobs for the spouses of professors.
In Black 47's songs, jigs and reels mesh with rock, hip-hop and fierce social commentary.
The devil may be in the division.
Bed Bath & Beyond operates 322 stores in 43 states and plans to open a total of 80 this year.
''There will not be lasting disruptions to the U.S. economy or its financial system from yesterday's physical destruction,'' the report said.
The company says just 20 of the 80 relationships measured are enough to identify an individual with high probability, despite any effort to disguise the identity through plastic surgery, wigs or other methods.
While officials will not say if there have been specific threats to the center or the shuttle, they say the show of strength is needed to ensure that nothing interferes with the space program.
You've got to do those little things, and, hopefully, we've learned our lesson.''
CAROLINA PANRS--Waived QB Jeff Lewis, DT Tim Morabito, DE Robert Daniel, WR Dialleo Burks, WR Kevin Coffey, WR Jim Turner, LB Michael Hawkes, LB Dusty Renfro, LB Matt Smith, OT T.J. Washington, FB Chad Dukes, CB Ray Green, S Jarard White and TE Nathan Hodel.
An emphasis on the economic needs of society requires that this court look at the current and projected labor needs of the state of New York in general and the needs of New York City in particular.
''People who come feel perfectly fine, but they have doubts.
In its quest for distraction, it's more than happy to compromise its own best intentions at every step of the way.
Although state regulators had endorsed the bid, the Justice Department and rival local providers have warned that the prices SBC charges for access may be too high.
And while the Dodgers generally like Benitez, the team has some reservations about his temperament and has also contacted Isringhausen's agent.
Take a pitch, he told himself as he walked up to face Sasaki.
The board has appealed the jury's verdict and has made little effort to reconcile the club's approximately 350 voting members.
He was discussing ''The Decalogue,'' a cycle of 10 fables loosely based on the Ten Commandments and created for Polish television by Krzysztof Kieslowski (1941-1996).
Pastes made from all-natural ingredients tend to be more vibrant than ones containing flavor additives and preservatives.
If they step onto the base again, they will be arrested.
In 1996, she entered the Miss New York U.S.A. Petite Woman pageant.
But I will do whatever I can.''
The queen said she quite understood, and Prince Charles, an avid user of her flies, later made the presentation at his nearby Scottish fishing lodge in 1971.
She leapt into the fray from the start, composing a long list of all the evidence that she wanted to hear again, a list that grew so long that I, as the foreman, finally felt I had to discourage her, because sending it in to the court would have obliged us to sit through nearly a week of readings from the transcript.
Replacing Niedermayer again was Ken Sutton, who played 19 minutes 3 seconds.
About 20 percent of H.I.V.
A lot of the other young men in the platoon say they joined for the bonus, or for money for college, or for a sense of direction.
'' Ms. Bridges, who uses no résumé (when she began her business in 1994, this apartment was her résumé), now includes the tabloid article in what she calls her press packet (mostly fawning clips from shelter magazines).
There is no consensus yet on where the rescued vats -- eight feet wide, five feet high -- will finally rest, and many may stay buried under the garage.
I can't jump or land on it.''
''There was great love on the set,'' he says.
If the companies fall short, they risk losing their licenses.
''Looking back six months when I was first diagnosed, I've made huge leaps and bounds, huge!
Aware of this tension, many European diplomats have sought to play down their differences with Washington -- while pursuing a starkly contrasting policy.
And I say it frees the mind and the heart.
''So we leased this space to establish our child protective services where the need is greatest.
DEFENDING A TITLE Eddie Eviston threw for 256 yards and 5 touchdowns in defending N.A.I.A.
Some of their friends and family members had talked about being too afraid to fly to New York or simply to come here.
My Dynamite magazine, Op Sail T-shirt, stockpile of Shrinky Dink art?
May the remembrance of that love bring comfort to Selma and their children and grandchildren.
But what of ventriloquized productions like ''The Wind Done Gone,'' that are indebted not to ancient myth but to modern fiction?
The hefty bracelets she adopted, for instance, were basically glamorous barbells that forced her to exercise her troubled limb.
*+ ''FORBIDDEN BROADWAY 2001: A SPOOF ODYSSEY.''
Expos starter Chris Peters fed curveballs to the Mets for five innings, and eight of his first 10 outs came on fly balls.
The sumptuous court clothes and accessories of the royal family and attendants were strictly regulated by imperial decree as to color, ornamentation and other details.
''After all we've been through this year,'' he said, ''nobody is going to have patience for anybody whining about their bonus.''
He said that whenever Hickok played poker, he sat with his back to the wall.
But even Mr. Pastrana's government has accused the rebels of using the zone to consolidate their activities.
In so doing, they might have put the Republicans in the embarrassing position of bringing down the whole $337.5 billion defense bill if they want to vote the proposals down.
Fifty years ago, at the height of the McCarthy era, Brooklyn College permanently shut down Vanguard, a student newspaper, and branded the paper's 19-year-old editor ''a bad campus citizen.''
For most tourist-oriented wineries the solution has been to level tasting fees on visitors.
He is about to take the fateful steps, distracted by a set of thoughts that will later prove premonitory, since ''Dreamcatcher'' is loaded with strange harbingers and visions.
His answer: ''Cooks work sick.
''We're not wimps,'' the aide said.
Since no such animal existed, he came up with another idea: a robot firefighting competition, open to designers of all ages.
Despite all that family tension, the film sometimes feels as tranquil as the spot for which it's named.
Regional law enforcement officials in Irkutsk told the Interfax news agency that the crash site had been located.
PetroChina has been dogged by its parent company's operations in Tibet and Sudan, which have drawn protests from human rights groups.
So were his three brothers -- Jimmy, Billy and Marc -- whether they were home on Staten Island or sitting in their New York City firehouses.
But in June, Robbins began jogging the colt.
But Detroit's Larry Foster dropped a pass that would have given the Lions the ball inside the 5 with 1 minute 20 seconds left.
In this, the ruling party was echoing the health minister, Dr. Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, who dashed the hopes of her allies on Thursday when she made it clear that providing AIDS drugs was not a government priority, even though the drug industry had just dropped its objections to a law that allows South Africa to import brand-name drugs at the lowest prices available.
Saturday from 9 to 11 a.m. and Wednesday from 7 to 9 p.m., ''Genomic Laboratory Workshop'' for adults, which will include instruction in the methods, techniques and procedures for DNA sequencing; limited to 25 persons per workshop.
The Garden is advising fans to allow extra time to enter the arena and not to bring packages or briefcases, which a Garden release says will be inspected as deemed appropriate.
Mrs. Reppert's husband, Edmund, a cardiologist, said he planted more than six varieties of garlic in eight 30-foot rows to flavor the garlic ice cream and garlic fudge the family craves.
Kapanen continued playing, scoring one goal and setting up the other two.
''I think we're clearly in a situation, and I hope the Chinese understand this as well, too, that every day that goes by without having it resolved raises the risk to the long-term relationship.
The bond's yield fell to 5.62 percent from 5.65 percent on Thursday.
He also took photographs of the technicians working in Control Room 2 -- the only part of the Chernobyl-4 complex still in operation.
''It's worked to his advantage,'' said Roy Serpa, who advised Mr. Alvarado as director of the Houston office of the Texas Manufacturing Assistance Center, which provides low-cost consulting services to small manufacturers and is subsidized by the state and the National Institute of Standards and Technology.
Roger Clemens walked wordlessly past teammates in the sixth inning today, trailed by their concerned stares.
I don't think he's representing us properly.''
Graveside services Sunday, December 23, 10:30 AM at Beth David cemetery, Elmont, NY.
Begun by Yale graduates and led today by Mr. Vigorito, the Galvanized Jazz Band has just one of the original members, Arthur Hovey on tuba and bass.
But Mr. Chemerinsky said he thought the courts would not rubber-stamp more extreme measures.
They receive 20 percent of the value of the sales.
Trinidad, the World Boxing Association superwelterweight champion and International Boxing Federation junior-middleweight champion, is moving up to the middleweight division.
''All of a sudden, at midnight, we'll get a rush of tuxes.''
Loving mother of Marilyn Linder and the late Arlene Appelbaum.
When it was suggested that ''huge money'' might exaggerate a bit, Mr. Caramitru cited a mansion in Austria where he had attended a conference while tourists paid $5 to visit ''because of some movie.''
These recall Native American geometric motifs as well as stylized forms that may be based in nature.
State regulators last week cleared the $3 billion merger of the Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation and National Grid, a deal the companies say will save upstate customers up to $1 billion in electricity bills over the next decade.
Susan Straight's Rio Seco is a microcosm of suspicious, segregated America, a place where racism often boils down to fear, ignorance and willful obliviousness.
Now the McNairs will let the horse go all the way to Louisville.
One is Alexandros K. Park, who is typical of the more dynamic Korean men who have recently joined their wives in the female-dominated nail business.
It attributed the good showing to high energy prices and record results in its United States refining and retailing partnerships.
He muses that Congress could pass more coherent, programmatic legislation if the two parties were as effective in controlling their members as are the parties in many European nations: ''One reform .
The orders do not affect in any way the succession for the presidency, officials said.
I am a retired commodity trader, and from my Wall Street office I used to take many trips to the Commodity Exchange in the World Trade Center.
Mr. McGreevey's sister, Sharon, attended in his absence, and Mr. Corzine addressed the crowd in support of Mr. McGreevey and local legislative candidates.
Flowers $350,000 for disability-based harassment, and the case was appealed.
Hanging over the preparations in Singapore is whether the Doha meeting will take place.
The Unknown Matisse: A Life of Henri Matisse.
Perhaps more troubling to many was that the police chief was the son of Samuel A. Spina, the mayor of 17 years.
Beloved daughter of John Francis and the late Bridget.
''These engineers are from a different solar system,'' Dr. Fromherz said of the chip researchers.
One leaf of sketches for the ''Macbeth'' opera was acquired for the Beethoven House in Bonn.
''A 6-foot-10-inch left-hander who throws gas,'' Randy Velarde said.
Center for the Arts, Wesleyan University, Middletown, Conn. TUESDAY Mr. Fo and Ms. Rame perform a lecture-demonstration on commedia del'arte at the Academy for Advanced Studies in Italian on the Columbia University campus.
But the United States can lay a claim to the man who won the hurdles race tonight.
It was another mission accomplished for Dragila, who won the Olympic gold medal in the inaugural women's pole vault last year at the Summer Games in Sydney, Australia.
Some fans wear Western clothes; others are swaddled in traditional garb.
's cardinal rules used to be that refuse must be carried away on a silver tray.)
''The risk of liability to customers is heightened by the decision not to label our products,'' he wrote.
Two of the elementary schools -- Ridge Ranch and Parkway -- and Paramus High School have each won the Blue Ribbon School award from the United States Department of Education.
After Rory Sabbatini missed his 3-foot birdie putt on the final hole today, the spectators surrounding the 18th green let out a collection of stunned gasps.
The commission adopted new rules last year that restricted the work accounting firms can do for audit clients.
Beloved wife of the late Samuel.
''It's too sad to look at.
We had such funny names.''
Mr. Mulry, 40, is a senior vice president for municipal bond trading and sales in the New York office of Prager, McCarthy & Sealy, an investment banking firm.
Paul Hochenberg Executive Director L. I. Jewish Medical Center Allan Abramson, M.D.
''Bottlenose dolphins can be seen close to shore.
Hours: Tuesdays through Fridays, 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. NEW YORK BOTANICAL GARDEN, Southern Boulevard and 200th Street, Bedford Park, the Bronx.
Shares of Pfizer fell 63 cents, to $42.92.
He sold some, but I think he was just encouraging me.
Saturday at 8 p.m. Tickets: $16; $12 for for students and older people on Fridays and Sundays.
The Eastman School of Music's Ossia Ensemble canceled a planned performance of Mr. Stockhausen's work ''Stimmung,'' scheduled for Nov. 7 at the Cooper Union.
As seen on the cover of the November issue of Elle Decor, Mr. Drake unleashed his most riotous impulses in his own home, a Manhattan loft done in throbbing pink, Tyrian purple and chrome yellow, the last thrown into high relief by a zebra-and-leopard-pattern rug.
A13 Plutonium Removal Questioned A Russian-American disarmament deal to remove 68 tons of plutonium from nuclear weapons could have the unintended effect of increasing chances of nuclear proliferation, an independent researcher reported.
First, in craft there is a reverence and respect for the materials themselves, for the actual substances bring used.
It's at once rich and elusive.
The Bretton Woods Sports Club has an indoor swimming pool with lap lanes, a hot tub, saunas, racquetball courts, indoor tennis courts and a video arcade room, plus an exercise center with cardiovascular and free-weight equipment.
Lunch and dinner entrees from $7 to $18.
And I want everybody to touch it, kiss it, wipe your tears on it.
It's what's on the table, what she's wearing, it's her secretary, it's the art in the house.
In the meeting yesterday, Mr. Marrero said the company had missed 26 of the thousands who signed up for sick call in the first three months.
He knows the style well enough to stretch the form without losing its essence.
One showed a man driving long distances to get to a wedding.
Bond apologetically acknowledged this -- ''There's something I do to people, and it's not what I want to do'' -- but his view is that if actors or directors tackle his work, they must tackle it as well as they can, because he is all too aware of its inadequacies.
''A piece is what it is,'' he said.
As Americans complain that their orchestras look only to Europe when searching for new conductors, it is worth noting that Munich's orchestras, like many others in Germany, have looked to America.
Islam is the only religion that may be practiced.
The appeals judges also defined a standard for weighing competitive harm against consumer benefits in deciding whether a product-bundling decision of a monopolist, like Microsoft, should be permitted.
Brooklyn Academy of Music 30 Lafayette Ave. Brooklyn (718-636-4157) www.bam.org COMPAGNIE DCA (Philippe Decoufle) Wed.-Sat., 7:30; next Sun., 3.
Weeks This Last On Week Week List Children's Chapter Books 1 1 48 HARRY POTTER AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE, by J. K. Rowling.
As for the city's public schools, which have been under state control for nearly seven years, the dropout rate has hovered at 7 to 8 percent over the last five years, as against from 3 to 4 percent for the average high school in the state.
Franzen's book, it is clear, has been painstakingly planned out.
Beyond the incentive program, the board will provide help in the housing search to any new teacher who needs it.
Palestinian officials have said Israeli forces have deliberately killed more than 40 prominent Palestinians since the start of the uprising.
But he noted that, over the life of the fund, Research Select still ranked in the top 25 percent of large-cap growth funds, according to Lipper.
''You feel that you're participating in not only the revival of a reputation but in the revival of ideas that are tremendously important and very current,'' said Jeremy Strick, the museum's director.
You'd be lucky to get $2,000, so why not save the hassle and grab about $1,000 in tax savings?
''The air handling business is undergoing a period of consolidation, and we feel the new owners are in a better position to grow and sustain these operations,'' Mr. Centerman said in a statement.
And they seem determined to check off all the to-do notes necessary for a prehistoric exploitation picture: we're missing only Raquel Welch in a yummy fur bikini (Elvis Mitchell).
Very rarely, a second round of splitting occurs, leading to identical quadruplets.
Columbus played to 96 percent of capacity in its inaugural season, averaging 17,542, including sellouts in each of the final 15 games.
In the end, none of it seems to truly affect the game.
No, they are an XFL crowd, enjoying the show and wanting more because it makes them feel alive, makes them feel as if they are part of a community.
In forte passages, he reinforced the solo flute with supplementary flutes and a clarinet, to produce a sufficient tutti in Carnegie Hall.
It is at these concrete barriers, which bear all the charm of a blowtorch, that the two sides come face to face each day.
A26 Falwell Effort on Social Agenda The Rev.
STREAMLINE THE LIFE OUT OF THE NARRATIVE: The emotional core of ''Nightwatch'' isn't the rampaging necrophile.
''It is not about how you look.
When I checked the digital channels' signal strength on the RCA box's meter, a few stations registered a low number, but most did not even show up.
The exotic, narrowly focused ingredients, combinations and dishes at House of Dosas will no doubt be met with mixed reactions, but the tropical fruit milk shakes (try the lychee and the mango) and creamy homemade kulfi (both $3.50) or firm, rich ice cream (get the mango) will be appreciated by almost all diners.
Century Center, 111 East 15th Street, (212) 239-6200.
They did rise and fall in that time, but still, the Standard & Poor's index of newspaper-company stocks stands at about the same level as two months ago, when most executives were optimistic that the advertising decline was a brief, one-quarter or two-quarter phenomenon.
Nor, for many New Yorkers, did the towers ever replace the Empire State Building as the quintessential symbol of the city.
Such obvious sights are something government and N.F.L.
Psychiatrists and obstetricians were the most likely to ask patients about drug abuse, but the obstetricians were least likely to intervene.
Calpine's shares, down 40 percent the last month, fell $2.85, or nearly 18 percent, to $13.20, the lowest closing price since Oct. 28.
Investigators continued to say that they were exploring all possibilities, including sabotage, although they repeated yesterday that they had no evidence of a crime.
Donations from charitable trusts and foundations.
''It's very hard to be confident and make any bold statements here about economic recovery when the people actually running the companies have no idea how business is going to be a few months from now,'' said Charles White, president and portfolio manager at Avatar Associates.
It's very male of me, I realize'' is a typically self-conscious hiccup here), but several of them are also quite fleet and very funny.
Even the suburbs deserve better.
I stopped shopping at Balducci's and went back to the Food Emporium.''
During 17 seasons at Maryland, Driesell coached the Terps to national prominence, but he was fired in 1986 in the wake of Len Bias's death from cocaine intoxication.
I don't think any of those checkpoints apply to Michael Jordan.
As a result of what happened to me on Aug. 9, 1997, several changes for the better have taken place at the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association and in the New York City Police Department, and more, I hope, will be implemented in the future.
It was decided early, Mr. Eizenstat said, that it would be unseemly to pay the lawyers the traditional contingency fee of one-third the settlement amount.
''Long Island was once the leading producer of Pekin ducks, and they are big polluters,'' Dr. Koppelman said.
The Nation of Islam leader said he wanted to set the record straight for anyone who thought his serious health issues had caused him to soften.
But he told him that another Millay named Joy was keeping a family history.
Morningstar's style box, which looks like an enclosed tick-tack-toe grid, is used to classify equity mutual funds along two axes -- market capitalization (small, medium or large) and valuation (value, blend and growth) It is based on research assessing the performance of stocks according to where they fall along these two dimensions, which are referred to as styles.
Before Fresh Kills closed, residential garbage was brought to city-owned sites at the water's edge and loaded onto barges.
Often called the finest American movie, ''Citizen Kane'' is also one of the most American of movies.
Mr. Bahal says his company is ready to pay a 4 percent to 5 percent ''political commission'' on the deal.
''I think there are plenty of people out there that could be considered for the job,'' he said.
But Mr. Jenkins must raise the rest from private sources.
''I would term it a total success,'' Sgt.
Jennifer Rachel Alpern, a daughter of Sandra and Richard Alpern of Washington Township, N.J., was married last evening to Daniel Marc Hecht, a son of Jane Hecht of Livingston, N.J., and Joel Hecht of Bayside, Queens.
The courts there are very experienced in handling large bankruptcies and are known to be relatively friendly to debtors, said Jay Westbrook, a professor at the University of Texas School of Law in Austin.
It just wasn't really an 18th-century way.
''I'd always wanted to join the army but got sidetracked from this goal when 'Billy Elliot' became a big hit,'' Mr. Wells said in a statement released by the army recruiting office.
At the moment you can buy the drive with a base plate with a U.S.B.
I support the idea that commanding officers have to measure when crime bumps up in a particular block and have a strategy for how to reduce it or else they won't stay commanding officers.
In fact, when alliance forces entered Kabul, the city did not burn.
There are no fancy graphics or banner ads; the site simply presents the results, reasonably quickly, in a clear, straightforward fashion in order of price, including tax and shipping.
Vincent Maldonado, pants bagging around his hips and ankles, has transformed himself from principal's headache to international heartthrob, as four Finnish girls, all at least a half-foot taller, gyrated around him in a tight circle.
formula ''is a work in progress and is not a perfect system.''
But the gains were more modest.
It's like a Cadillac; you don't want to drive it, but it's a really great car.
''They executed well down the stretch.''
Admission: $7; $6 for children.
Tickets to enter the preview at 5:30 p.m. are $200 and $500, or $100 for those 35 and younger.
The infection has not appeared in the dolphin the aquarium had placed in Misty's pool for companionship after Stormy died.
It had atrophied in the weeks leading into September, but as soon as the movies were there that audiences wanted, it built itself back up again.''
When Gary Stevens trotted Point Given back past the Saratoga clubhouse today, a record Travers Stakes-day crowd let the colt called the Big Red Train know it was a pleasure to watch him roll.
In Kandahar, the spiritual center of the Taliban, its leaders appear to be in control despite intense bombing, and if they are about to give up power, they seem determined to do so on their own terms.
''In looking at this, we found that something like 5 percent of marital children, maybe up to 10 percent, are not the biological children of the husband,'' said Harry Tindall, the Houston lawyer who was chairman of the committee that drafted the model law.
He told his players afterward that things were not meant to be and if they had advanced to the N.I.T.
Once prices started climbing yesterday, the fact that there were fewer traders on hand than usual to absorb the buying pressure added still more momentum.
Its residents have deliberately chosen to remain connected to the river, building shoreline parks and leaving open spaces where other cities might have built levees and offices.
SHARKS 4, MIGHTY DUCKS 1: Alexander Korolyuk scored twice in the third period and Bill Lindsay had three assists as San Jose won in Teemu Selanne's return to Anaheim.
The next mayor will have a little more than a year to persuade valley residents to stay.
''The situation is the same as it was before, maybe getting worse.''
''Many of our modern-day ideas about holidays, sexuality, entertainment, sport, leisure, science and technology are Victorian in origin.''
The auction house did place a guarantee -- an undisclosed minimum price promised to the seller regardless of the sale's outcome -- on Maillol's monumental sculpture ''The Air (First State),'' showing a nude woman resting on her side.
Funeral services Tuesday 10:30 AM at ''Schwartz Bros.-Jeffer Memorial Chapels'', 718-263-7600.
''Medal of Honor Rag'' is based on a true story.
Senate Democrats have said they plan to scrutinize the nominees, and in some cases to delay or even block their confirmations.
Palestinians said two or three of them were trying to escape.
But many Republicans, including many senior administration officials, long ago concluded that the current tax code had become so hopelessly complex and inefficient that the only way to deal with it was to throw it out and start over.
Stevie Wonder, a native of Saginaw, Mich., who has roots in Detroit, headlines the free Celebrity Homecoming Concert on July 21 in Hart Plaza, at the foot of Woodward Avenue.
But Mr. Franzen attributed the tone of the comments and articles partly to his inexperience and naïveté in dealing with the media.
This skinny kid with the goatee and the boundless energy is the one Woods and Michael Wright have said is a dirty player.
But investors who think that the good old days are back could be in for a surprise.
On Levinson (left), cotton shirt, $350, leather jacket, $1,495, and wool trousers, $495, by Giorgio Armani.
But it was not real success until he followed some advice from Mr. Zuckerman, the agent he met in 1973 and who began representing him.
My teammates know if I raise my voice, I'm trying to get a message to them.
I had been involved in trying to restore the population of the majestic condors of California and to work for many other species to ensure that they would not become extinct during our lifetimes.
I think that this is a fundamentally safer situation, even if it does not lead to a nice, neat solution of a crisis, than a situation in, say, North Korea, where none of us know who those people are.
''Charlie fit better in the past of the river, of these foothills, than in the here and now,'' Bragg writes.
When he was just Chris Noll at American University in Washington, he, his brother and Mr. Walsh put on a late-night talk show on the college television station, which had a place on local cable access.
finals and fouled out in the fourth quarter.
On Wednesday, July 5, when stock markets reopened for trading, angry investors sent its stock down $21.63, or 42 percent, to $29.50.
Mr. Daschle said that the Democrats had decided that a filibuster would have been an inappropriate move against a cabinet nominee, but that they were not ruling out such tactics in the case of a lifetime position on the court.
The order bounced between the courts and the legislature three times before spending differences began to even out.
Those principles are courage, determination, commitment, persistence, integrity, justice, teamwork, citizenship and excellence.
I released a pinch of cotton fibers to check the wind direction.
Such a major constellation of towers and terraces and balconies and courtyards clearly held a special significance for its builders.
In the printing days, air-conditioning was limited to a few window units in the boss's office.
One memorable moment was a ceremony orchestrated by Mr. Safir in 1998, ostensibly to thank Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato for an action that benefited the Police Department.
After federal prosecutors realized that they had been too ambitious, they shifted their strategy.
Three years ago she was fined by a state ethics commission for having her aides baby-sit for her daughter, who is now 5, and shortly after that she was criticized for using a state helicopter to fly home (her commute to the state house is 133 miles, or nearly three hours, one way by car) when that same little girl fell ill.
The White House reprimanded the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon today for what it called his ''unacceptable'' remarks about President Bush, as the administration frantically tried to discourage Mr. Sharon from carrying out threats to take further military action against the Palestinians.
The old saw that it's better to put a $5 tree into a $50 hole than a $50 tree into a $5 hole (in each case the number referring to size) is another tree-planting myth that has been laid to rest.
Mr. Chung is chairman of the Korean committee organizing next year's World Cup in Korea and Japan.
His best season in 27 years on the PGA Tour was in 1992, when he made $703,805.
In 1957 he graduated from Georgetown Law Center with JD and LLM degrees.
An MP3.com spokesman said the company would have no immediate comment.
She found purpose and joy in helping others.
''There is still sexual and racial discrimination and the old stereotypes remain,'' Ms. Slater Parker said.
Dear mother-in-law of Jane and Steven.
In its totality, the elephant, with its versatility and cargo capacity, its voracious appetite and its high center of gravity -- not to mention its natural-hide upholstery -- quite resembled a sport utility vehicle.
In the introduction to ''Hitler's Table Talk,'' the historian Hugh Trevor-Roper writes about the seeming contradiction between Hitler's crude and trivial chatter and his visionary agenda.
If you can't find it in your heart to forgive, it's better not to, and see where that takes you, than to force yourself into an unnatural type of forgiveness.
Tomorrow night at 9; admission is $10 with a $10 minimum (Ratliff).
Meanwhile, the thriving graduate art program run by Dave Hickey at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas is turning out painters galore.
Part of the show's fascination comes from speculating on the question of nature and nurture.
They were particularly critical of what John Dyson, the mayor's chief economic adviser, called the agency's ''continuing trend'' to spend more on Newark International Airport than on either of New York's airports, La Guardia and Kennedy.
Asked about his favorite singers, Mr. Hatch ticked off three names: Doris Day: ''You couldn't help but fall in love with her.''
From the time of Hesiod and Sappho, Catullus and Li Po, lovers of literature as well as writers have known about and felt the interfusion of life and art.
In other words, except for those who are allergic to certain antibiotics, most people don't need to worry about the consumption of antibiotic residues.
Tre, the oldest child, is 9 and Teisa, the youngest, is 1.
(AP) ALL-SPANISH SEMIFINALS: Arantxa Sanchez-Vicario led a sweep for Spanish players into the semifinals of the Villa de Madrid Spanish Open.
When he was 12, a music teacher started a class by asking: ''Who wants to conduct?''
Once at Claremont, it took all of six weeks for Ms. Tlumacki to decide to reverse course.
An international panel of pianists, teachers, music company executives and administrators judged all performances, from the screenings through the finals.
Some two weeks after the National Football League draft, one of the most talked about -- and debated -- picks among executives and coaches remains the Jets' Santana Moss.
A real estate ad from the early 20th century that hangs on the wall at the archive tried to attract people to new South Bronx apartment buildings.
When a senile grandmother tells the story of a famous laughing contest in ''Bailegangaire,'' her own giggles, grunts and shouts become the play's musical vocabulary, so that the old woman expresses herself with a subtlety that would be unattainable in mere words or even body language.
If a mother comes to me and says she has no place for her child, my tendency is to say yes.''
The 40,000-square-foot children's museum is expected to attract more than 250,000 visitors annually.
That proceeding did not conclude until Jan. 20, when Mr. Rich, who left the United States in 1983 and has been living in Switzerland, was pardoned by Mr. Clinton on federal tax evasion, fraud and racketeering charges.
Some people perceive that as arrogance,'' he said, adding that that was not his own experience of Dr. Henderson.
Then he changes the subject to the cast coming off his foot.
''It's like going from sail to steam,'' asserts Kendell Pease, a vice president of General Dynamics and a former rear admiral.
Exit Art -- June 28: Andy Biskin Quintet, Matt Wilson Quartet.
After his initial success in the 1950's, Walter published four more novels as well as several volumes of poetry and three cookbooks, including ''American Cooking: Southern Style,'' which was compiled for Time-Life's Foods of the World series.
But in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, some have decided to leave the yearlong program early.
Come prepared with a succinct introduction, describing intellectual passions, academic aptitudes, extracurricular interests, career aspirations and issues of special concern before turning to course selection.
Croon, which installs electrical systems in buildings, ships and oil rigs offshore, is recruiting: any employee who brings in a new worker will receive an extra half-month of pay.
Park East Synagogue mourns the passing of Edmond Benaresh.
God, I lay myself in your hands.
The Senators were placed ahead of the Devils (21-11-8-0), also .625, because of a greater number of victories.
The place was smoky and jammed with a noisy, well-dressed clientele.
The fans had booed the former Twin Chuck Knoblauch for three nights, some of them pelting him with quarters and bottles.
''That really wasn't the motivation,'' Mr. Smith said, adding: ''We continue to look for an auto account.
''If people find out the ones exposed to it, it will make it even worse for them.''
Do you like the new terms of the combination?
The Census Bureau said experts had been unable in the time allowed them to determine whether adjusted figures would be more accurate.
Mr. Blake announced in October his engagement to the mother of his 11-month-old daughter.
Mr. Civetta, 45, an engineer who specializes in excavation for the construction of high-rises in Manhattan, bought his 30-foot racer, the Nutcracker, seven years ago when construction work slowed down.
But would that be sufficient to dissuade Afghans from viewing the commander of the Northern Alliance, Gen. Abdul Rashid Dostum, as a victor, as well as a puppet of the United States?
For instance, Alex Garcia, the chef of Patria, was tempted to serve a coffee-and-tobacco-infused chocolate truffle.
I'm constantly amazed how fast he is and the way he makes people miss.
Most of White's injury problems have been related to his knees, but he was on the disabled list twice last season in Chicago because of a strained groin.
That same year, the Prison Litigation Reform Act made it far more difficult for inmates to challenge the conditions of their confinement.
He said in a 1998 interview that there was no doubt that Lindbergh ''deeply loved his wife and children, but that love manifested itself in unusual ways.
Mr. Card told agencies to pull rules submitted to the Federal Register but not yet published.
More people got killed than the firemen and the policemen.
Along with increased spending of $3 billion a year, the panel recommended that the new administration create a high-level White House post to coordinate American efforts on the Russian nuclear problems.
Business grew so much that they were able to put together a 156-page catalog in 1886 -- the same year they moved to a new store they built at the northwest corner of 59th Street and Third Avenue of red brick, brownstone and cast iron.
Those here would not necessarily be the first troops the president might call upon to fight in the barren mountains of Afghanistan, despite their moniker, military experts said.
Sacrifices during a recession are not evenly shared: they fall mainly on disadvantaged workers.
In suburban DuPage County, he was also charged in the July 1995 sexual assault and killing of two young women whom the police said he had lured to a house where he was living in Glendale Heights with a promise of work as house cleaners.
That was prophetic: General Dostum lost Mazar-i-Sharif to the Taliban on Aug. 8, 1999.
Protestant paramilitary groups killed an 18-year-old Protestant and wounded a Catholic friend of his in a drive-by shooting on Sunday night aimed at a group of teenagers as they talked outside a Catholic Gaelic football park in North Belfast.
McKie, in his seventh N.B.A.
A University of North Carolina researcher has patented a system that can send a silent distress signal along with the victim's location to emergency personnel.
Noting that the administration has recently found fault with six international agreements, he said, ''Instead of asserting our leadership, we are abdicating it.''
More is expected, though there is doubt about just how much the Eagles' offense, especially the receiving crew, has been improved.
is still in power, but people are very enthusiastic.
A15 New Congress Goes to Work The 107th Congress convenes today as Republicans and Democrats in the Senate, which is now split 50-50 for the first time in history, remained at loggerheads over how to reshape the various committees to reflect this division of power.
The Rangers lost their sixth straight to match their longest losing streak of the season.
Gloria Feldt, the president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said she had serious reservations about the administration's claims in justifying its refusal to approve the New York plan and those from other states.
''If a girl says 'Please use a condom,' I will say, 'Why?
The rate increase was the second in a month, as weakening markets in the United States and concern over economic instability in neighboring Argentina have caused the currency, the real, to fall almost 15 percent since last September.
He was a firefighter with FDNY Engine Company #
When Jackie Robinson passed, I had this reaction.
Taste and odor is very quickly detected by the population.''
For a few years, Mr. Lang has not been the only Austrian fashion designer in New York.
Studios officials say they also plan to make a series of public service announcements for movie theaters and television in the United States and abroad to touch on patriotic and educational themes.
Verniero should step down from the court and he should apologize to the men and women of the New Jersey State Police,'' Mr. Schundler added.
Benny Agbayani joked that Payton was trying ''to be more like me,'' but Payton's kick was much more subtle than Agbayani's.
Mr. Feeney disclosed the existence of the endowments to The New York Times in 1997, when a lawsuit over the sale of the duty-free shops was about to reveal his secret gift.
Dearly beloved mother of Susan Wexner of New York, dear friends, and significant and generous supporters and donors to many important causes in the U.S., in Israel, and throughout the world.
''I had a dream about an eagle on my back that kept biting my finger,'' Ms. Tarin said, ''and I took that as a sign not to fly, but maybe it meant this, that I should fly.''
Mr. Mueller will determine for himself when he can start work, Dr. Carroll added.
In practice his vote probably means that the prescription drug benefit is dead, sacrificed to the tax cut.
Tonight and tomorrow night at 9, 11 and 12:30; cover charge is $18; two-drink minimum (Ratliff).
We would much rather see hard figures included in the state budget.''
Mr. Macal said: ''If I had first some placement, I would tell you I'm not waiting.
At Tara, the shelves offer a sad assortment of items that seem leftover from another age: checkered Irish walking caps, Celtic crosses and green neckties bedecked with little Irish flags.
''I told the children to have faith in God and to wait.''
At the Stepping Stones single-room occupancy building for the homeless in Trenton, financed by a Federal Housing and Urban Development grant, Larond Sheppard, 47, received roughly the same array of church-sponsored services as the women at Project Home.
The half-hour show, which seems so much longer on Wednesday and is to be repeated tonight at 8 (899 10th Avenue, at 59th Street, Clinton), is based on Italo Svevo's novel ''The Confessions of Zeno,'' a book that has delighted generations of readers since James Joyce, one of the first to hold it in his hands, extolled it.
Firefighter Santora's mother, Maureen, held her son's helmet on the steps of the church as the coffin passed, and she wept, too.
In the early 20th century, Edwardians had sprays of orchids dripping from their shoulders.
Contributions to the Rabbi Benjamin Plotkin Memorial Fund at the Jewish Theological Seminary of New York City.
Expressions of sympathy are extended to his family and colleagues at HelmsleySpear, Inc. SCHWARTZ-Alvin.
Perhaps the interest in Strindberg now among artists reflects a shared sense of danger impending, of warring forces within and without.
''But he's not dealing with widgets anymore.
Tired of watching television and being turned away at volunteer centers, they toss socks, cigarettes, toilet paper, shirts, sandwiches, water and anything else they can think of at rescue workers.
CURTIS (6-3) routed PORT RICHMOND (5-4), 44-0, behind 136 yards and 2 rushing touchdowns from Damian McCaig.
The members of WAO are honored to have known and worked with Mrs. Loth who was dedicated to the WAO mission and served the organization in many capacities.
No program produces more weekly hours of television than ''Today,'' which, with the third hour it added last year, is at 15 hours a week.
Alan B. Krueger: Economic Scene.
The privately held retailer, which is based in Melville, N.Y., agreed last week to seek bankruptcy protection after several of its creditors went to court to force its hand.
Its restaurant, spilling out onto a deck that is licked by the lake's waves, had been highly, and justifiably, recommended to us.
His essay on Philip Larkin -- written in response to Andrew Motion's 1993 biography of that poet -- stands as a devastating response to those politically correct critics who have assailed Larkin as a misogynist and bigot, trying to judge his verse in terms of his life and his life in terms of current social mores.
''Our goal is to find our own theater in Fairfield,'' Mr. Marek said, and he has his eye on one.
Two female agents in the back seat of the car took my glasses and covered my eyes with a blindfold.
A PUGNACIOUS basketball league that persevered in the manner of a large gypsy family for 55 years appears to have expired, leaving its scattered roster with only vivid memories and the satisfaction of having played for love of the game.
While the scope of the eventual American response to the terrorist attacks cannot yet be known, experts say one thing is clear: the difficulties of emerging markets like Argentina and Brazil, however acute, have now slipped a long way down the global priorities list.
The agents left with computer files, cans of red spray paint and other material.
A Pacific Bell affiliate, SBC ASI, sells its D.S.L.
You took a manual off a shelf.
''What worries me is that the background of the man and what he has done before in Lebanon and many other places shows that he is a cold-blooded person who might threaten the stability of the whole area,'' said Ibrahim Nafie, editor in chief of the semi-official Egyptian newspaper Al Ahram.
In a written statement issued at the end of the meeting in Washington, American and Mexican officials indicated that they viewed migration as an issue of ''shared responsibility'' that must be addressed on both sides of the border.
''Before they spend money on something like that, they ought to fix the leaky roofs,'' said Kenneth Reinshuttle, executive director of the Fairfax Education Association, a teacher's union in Virginia.
Mr. Morales had been hired by Blackhawk days before, and this was his first charter trip for the company.
Sanders's leadoff homer in the fifth had put Arizona up, 2-0.
But Bayer continues to charge the government a price that, Mr. Wehmeier acknowledged today, exceeds the cost of manufacturing and shipping Cipro.
It's not just superintendents who are in short supply.
A change of mood colored the rest of the program.
He originally retired because he was unable to meet the league's minimum vision requirement, which is 20/400.
After Monday's visit, Mr. Bush said: 'I've got a preference for friends.
McCADDIN-Henry V. Suddenly on January 27, 2001, of Summit, NJ.
That's why in some ways missile defense is a bonanza for Russia's president, Vladimir Putin.
After the sender pays, the recipient receives an e-mail notification.
–Why do you think people might be interested in these lists?
Visibility decreased until finally I crept along the white line in the center of the road.
''But over time, you learn to have patience.''
But what Andrew liked most was standing on Mr. Giovinazzo's lap and dancing to ''Who Let the Dogs Out.''
By contrast, Aaron Sele, who had done some flying of his own between here and Cleveland, yielded a crushing two-run homer to O'Neill yesterday, immediately after a questionable safe call at second base.
The emphasis on accomplishment has led some critics to dismiss the programs as mere ''happy history.''
Caton Hill scored 22 points as No.
In a powder blue bungalow adjacent to his, the director Kevin Smith is putting the finishing touches on ''Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back,'' shot to a large extent on this very lot.
Wilpon said the Mets were still discussing their stadium proposal with city officials and he was hopeful of reaching an agreement during Rudolph W. Giuliani's tenure as mayor.
On Thursday evening, he will give a talk titled ''The Artist Looks at the Doctor: Half a Millennium of Observation'' at the Greens Farms Academy on 35 Beachside Avenue in Westport.
The Folksbiene Yiddish Theatre is deeply saddened by the loss of our very wise and thoughtful colleague and friend.
In addition to handling all domestic matters, she paid all their living expenses from her own trust fund so her husband could pay back the debt he incurred buying even more Post stock.
''There's no question on the inner-city kid,'' said Durham, the Montana State coach.
He is building a house, after all.
The lawsuit claims that Mr. Mezvinsky suffered mental and physical disorders from the antimalaria drug Lariam, which he took for business trips to Africa in the 1990's.
They are confident that drivers' prime concern is not price, but moving along as quickly as possible.
David A. Rahm, Chairman, Board of Trustees Marta Istomin, President
The new legislation, which will be introduced on Friday, would expand the circumstances under which Self Defense Force troops may use weapons to include protecting people like refugees and disabled soldiers under the care of Self Defense Force personnel.
''They live all day long on the Internet.
No one is likely to learn anything new about gay people from all this, and who knows, someday we may wince at having watched it the way we now recoil at old films of performers in blackface.
The festival features more than 250 artisans, an antique and classic car show and live entertainment at the amusement park.
crisis has coincided with some pretty talented new democratically elected governments in Africa.''
The yield on the 30-year bond rose to 5.68 percent from 5.60 percent.
My mother was a wonderful Hungarian cook.
Of his popularity, Sehorn said: ''I don't complain about attention.
''Kit looks so real,'' said Katerina Klavon, 9, of Silver Spring, Md., who just purchased her own Kit doll with savings from gifts and her allowance.
While it is neat and clean, a luxury building it is not.
Dr. Johnson was eager to understand the damage that Soviet miniature bombs -- bomblets, in military parlance -- might inflict.
30 or more: You must be Brian Proffitt, custodian of BrowserWatch.com, the world headquarters for Web browsers.
Yet he remained on good terms with many of his adversaries.
Without Rose, the team will recall the right-hander Brett Hinchliffe from Class AAA Norfolk on Thursday to start in place of Al Leiter, who has a strained ligament and tendon in his left elbow.
Mr. Peterson, left, a former prisoner of war in Vietnam, is also a veteran Air Force pilot and a former congressman.
Ibsen's most perplexing heroine has been reincarnated by Kate Burton with a clarity that stings in Nicholas Martin's pistol shot of a production.
Scott Podsednik lined a bases-loaded triple in his first major league at-bat as Seattle moved a season-best 41 games over .500.
Yes, he replies, laughing, ''but Edgar's office is one floor below.''
A good thing about the polar routes, which were only recently opened up for commercial flights, is that there are virtually no headwinds near the pole, and turbulence is rare.
Those earnings are about 25 percent higher than the nation's per capita income.
But they said Al Qaeda, which has enjoyed the Taliban's protection since Mr. bin Laden moved to Afghanistan in 1996, has made repeated efforts to buy fissionable material that could be turned into a bomb.
No two pearls have exactly the same microstructure.
''You have no recollection of pointing this gun in her direction?''
WHEELCHAIR ACCESS: No steps; restrooms on dining room level.
On September 11, 2001, in Florida.
KESHINI LADDUWAHETTY Washington, July 31, 2001
Ms. Protheroe had a true-false grief survey for them.
''I thought, Damn me for having this grand vision!''
Also on the bill are the Rogers Sisters and D.J.
The correspondent for Al Jazeera, who has not been identified, appeared fearful and intimidated.
In September, Red Herring magazine summed up the accumulated doubts about how a financial product invented in 1924 would fare in the 21st century.
In the last year, CNN has laid off 400 workers, brought in new anchors for its most prominent programs, revamped its prime-time lineup, and completely replaced its executive hierarchy, in an effort to stanch the exodus of viewers.
When the mangroves died, the coral reefs that line the coast began crumbling, clear lagoons turned cloudy, and sea life suffered.
A federal judge has rejected a state request to dismiss a land claim by the Mohawk Indians for 15,000 acres in northeastern New York.
But much as I love the Food Network, I am beginning to get annoyed by the machismo that pervades it.
''If rates do go down, it's going to lead to a commensurate tightening of standards, making it more difficult to get a mortgage,'' said Leon G. Shilton, a professor of finance at Fordham University's Graduate School of Business Administration.
Rather than awarding the bulk of tax cuts to the wealthy, as the Bush plan would do, the better idea is to focus tax cuts on low-income families, those whose earnings have slipped during most of the last 30 years.
The Yankees, in fact, should start paying him overtime for all the appearances and innings they are asking him to pitch as one of only two relievers Torre trusts.
In Mexico, where law is based on the Napoleonic Code, suspects can be regarded guilty until proven innocent.
But the companies say these were anomalies and the fault of executives who no longer work for them.
And Brian's point-by-point instructions to Justin, the adolescent newcomer played by Randy Harrison, come across as a stilted primer to straight Americans about what gay men do.
''I have never spent a night in jail anywhere,'' Mr. Whiting said.
But Martin Luther and others said that the Catholic Church's selling of indulgences, which promise to reduce the punishment after death due to sin, was one of many ways by which the church fostered the illusion that people could be saved by their own works or merits.
Elizabeth Morley, a daughter of Jane Morley and Dr. Thomas J. Morley of Lloyd Neck, N.Y., was married yesterday to Michael John Alexander Ehrlich, the son of Michele Doolan Ehrlich of New York and the late Arnold W. Ehrlich.
Anecdotes about the men who have occupied the White House.
Nor should anyone be surprised if, in addition to baskets of warm stacks of pita bread, complimentary portions of soothing humus, spicy tabbouleh and homemade yogurt laced with cucumber mint and garlic make their way to the table.
A group of leading international economists has concluded that while the Federal Reserve has changed ''dramatically'' since 1993 under Alan Greenspan, it still lags behind other major central banks in the openness of its operations.
She immediately called the police.
He had been born in Paris to German parents.
It was the first close below 10,000 since April.
She saw the pencil drawing and ordered it quashed.
Died on November 22, 2001.
Elizabeth, who was in unrequited love many years before and still hasn't forgiven the woman who took away her man, is taken aback by Husband's enthusiastic courtship.
The rest of it will be meaningful for the Cardinals.
I wanted to meet one of these women everyone was talking about.
His father is an emeritus professor of linguistics at Cairo University.
It was a terrible way to live with two young girls.''
Equally appetite-suppressing was the Indiana Jones Temple of Peril (inexplicably, the same ride in Anaheim is called, more authentically, Temple of Doom).
B3 RIVAL LIBERATORS -- While the Northern Alliance may have joined together to fight the Taliban in Herat, a split has emerged since the city was liberated.
The reconstruction will cost $64 million and include installation of a waterproof lining and a new concrete facade on the walls and ceiling, as well as new exits, signals, lighting and ventilation.
But Mayor Giuliani's welfare team has announced plans to begin calling in federal recipients to apply again for state aid and undergo individual assessments of their progress toward self-sufficiency.
''Not when you do it right,'' he says.
And they stand in dialogue with another kind of poster that has spread throughout the city -- the ones showing Osama bin Laden's face, with the word ''Wanted.''
I am more or less squirrel-tolerant.
Ways to improve one's body and one's life.
So I said, 'I'm going to remind you of that.'
In the Bermuda Bowl for open teams, the two teams captained by Nick Nickell and Rose Meltzer are chasing Poland.
''The role of these civilians has been a gaping hole in this investigation,'' Mr. Fidell said, ''and Gittins was letting the admirals know he would break this code of silence if they really go after his client.''
''He says he'll mention me to somebody and they'll say, 'Stew who?'
It is named for a woman who had been a strong advocate against neighborhood violence and then was killed by what was apparently a stray bullet as she sat in her own home.
None of the local charities had ever administered such sums before, so they learned as they went along.
Toronto, backed by 32 saves from goaltender Curtis Joseph, skated away with a 2-0 victory to take a 1-0 lead in the series, which resumes Saturday night at Continental Arena.
might as well vote to give the Bush White House a permanent deed to the character issue.
The tourist trade, however, is brisk.
6-0 NO.4 at STANFORD 4-1 Even though Stanford upset Oregon, quarterback Randy Fasani sprained a knee and is out four to six weeks.
Mr. Ripley enlisted President Lyndon B. Johnson, who persuaded Mr. Hirshhorn to donate 6,000 works from his collection to open the museum.
But the show is so reverent toward and reliant on the text that it seems almost willfully untheatrical.
It wasn't until the 1980's, with the development of computerized biometric and other face-recognition systems, that Bertillon's dream became feasible on a broad scale.
Three student facilitators sit before the crowd.
The Jets play once on Monday night this season -- against San Francisco, at Giants Stadium on Oct. 1.
My girlfriend and I were there for New Year's, and as we strolled through a deserted business district, two young men came bounding out of a pedestrian underpass.
And then there was the mysterious Pascual Pérez, who in 1982 chose to make his first driving foray into Atlanta traffic on the afternoon he was scheduled to start for the Braves.
One ''teaser'' commercial for Hot Bites has Mr. Hawk perform a stunt before flying off a skateboard ramp into the evening sky.
But there are other candidates.
The group said that the more than 200 recommendations in the plan, if substantially carried out, would maintain the now relatively high quality of estuary waters and restore natural resources including shellfish, finfish, wildlife and wetlands.
But Wade Houston, on the sideline, did not yell advice, lobby the referees for foul calls or try to get his son paired against someone his own size.
Democrats said the chances of forecasting error were such that the wise course would be to move slowly.
Mr. Schröder praised China's leaders for supporting the war on terrorism, but the main focus was on business: he watched German and Chinese business leaders sign agreements for investments and trade worth several billion dollars.
But they're more popular now than ever.
Their jobs brought the brothers together.
''It's a very unusual thing for a network anchor to attend a partisan function that has the express purpose of raising money to help one party beat another at the polls,'' said Richard Noyes, director of media analysis for the Media Research Center, a conservative media monitoring group based in Virginia.
There's also a spacious, red-hued lounge with a stone fireplace, imposing bar and a tasteful scattering of plush furniture.
Last week, for instance, the more xenophobic branches of the government were probably strengthened by the public anger over the air collision, he said.
''There's plenty of work if they want to work,'' he said.
''When I started this in '95, advertising was considered the worst thing in the world,'' said Cynthia Fink, the company's founder and director of product management.
The hard-liners in Iran would be terrified and more isolated than ever.
One afternoon, we hiked a trail that begins at the summit and passes by the observation tower.
The company reduced its fourth-quarter and 2001 forecasts in October as its mining and telecommunications businesses slowed.
With magazine covers, film and video clips, music and other mixed-media ephemera, the installation weaves together an astonishingly vivid tapestry of the cultural forces that coursed through the Kennedy years.
Woodside shares tumbled 10 percent and the Australian dollar slid on concerns that Australia was becoming more hostile to foreign investment, even though Mr. Costello said in announcing the decision that ''the government's policy is, and will continue to be, to welcome foreign investment into this country.''
You're just surprised what they bring.
Then the Americans were disqualified for an early takeoff by Ervin.
They grew up in Bronxville together and met in fourth grade.
Trying to find and then load a book into a hand-held device was so difficult that one suspects that a competitor of Microsoft developed the system, which, in fact, was largely the doing of Microsoft itself.
I think in his heart he loves me, though, because I love him.''
Provincial governments grant an annual allowable cut to sawmill owners at whatever low price is necessary to maintain full employment in the timber industry.
He's very earnest, but 98 percent of his facts are wrong.
Many newcomers eventually realize that going online is the only way to learn.
Mr. Crawford shook his head at such criticism.
Perhaps by describing his fine attire but not failing to notice the nearly imperceptible red spot on his tie, ''like a liberty which one dares not take.''
* ''ALBERTO GIACOMETTI,'' Museum of Modern Art, 11 West 53rd Street, (212) 708-9480 (through Jan. 8).
The dangers the couple face are real enough.
But then, on the other hand, when we got Manny Ramirez a few days later, I was cheering.
Take away those titles, we secretly hope, and let ignorance be bliss.
Moved to Florida in 1985 from New York City.
The new specificity will appeal to corporate clients in many ways, Mr. Cohen said.
That really wouldn't happen anywhere else.''
The Mets lost to the Montreal Expos, 3-0, and they still have not won three games in a row this season.
A new date for the convention has not been set.
People behave toward others as they perceive others to be behaving toward them, even if such behavior does not maximize income or well-being.
This month, after reports about the women's complaints in Suffolk County, the squad asked the Internal Affairs Unit for pictures of Officer Wright, which had been provided by the Suffolk police, to see if the Nassau woman would identify him.
But she always wanted us to push harder, strive higher.
But what he said was pertinent and appropriate on a night when the Yankees received dramatic homers from Martinez and Jeter and won again.
However, more buyers are negotiating down than up.
If Moscow fails to go along with the administration's approach, that is quite likely to cause serious consternation in Europe.
Puppets and Other Art TOMORROW -- A preview of a new exhibition of sculpture, masks, puppetry and drawings at the Rotunda Gallery in Brooklyn, 33 Clinton Street (Pierrepont Street) will raise money to support the gallery's exhibitions and education programs.
''We truly believe that coming into this last day, that Schundler is ahead,'' said Steve Lonegan, the chairman of the group.
''I told Diana, 'Look, my darling, put all your time in one sport and make the other just for fun,' '' Mario Taurasi said in a recent telephone interview.
Mrs. Stevens, who is married to Bill Stevens, a retired auto supplier manager, and has a grown son and daughter, has been interested in finding answers since her own inquisitive youth.
Jets, 21-13 Atlanta (6-6) at Indianapolis (4-8) Go figure the Falcons.
BALLET NACIONAL DE CUBA No, Alicia Alonso will not dance.
To her dismay, the school also has typical Board of Education turnover, with talented teachers leaving for more lucrative jobs in the suburbs and the corporate world.
And do you fear he's now eluded the manhunt?
The best little man in pro basketball squirted toward the basket with 6 minutes, 21 seconds left in the third quarter.
The mayor will appear in the commercial, scheduled to begin running next Wednesday, along with Gov.
''You are,'' he told them, ''the symbol of what is good and decent and uplifting in the world.''
The drug maker reported net income of $1.82 billion, or 78 cents a share, compared with $1.72 billion, or 73 cents a share, a year earlier.
But then they get a respiratory illness or diarrhea or they need minor surgery -- which can't be done properly because there are no antibiotics -- and then they die.''
But Yue wanted nothing to do with revolt.
Changes in Concert come amid wider restructurings at both companies.
For me, there's still a lot to do.
Founded in 1989 by six former students at the University of the Philippines, Ma-Yi has dedicated the current season to two plays by the widely admired 33-year-old playwright Han Ong, who in 1997 was the youngest artist (and the first Filipino-American) to receive a MacArthur Foundation ''genius'' grant.
This time the contestants rather than the audience will vote people out: the ''Survivor'' technique.
If the trend is not reversed, Dr. Liu said, it will inevitably reduce the reserve's capacity to shelter the reclusive animals, which are an icon of the wildlife conservation movement from Beijing to Washington.
''The Times's deal has curiously attractive terms,'' said Woody Heller, a managing director of Jones Lang LaSalle, a real estate company, ''particularly given the fact that The New York Times would seem to have little leverage in threatening to leave Manhattan.''
The worst thing we could do is point at the wrong target because it will make those who commit this horror believe that they could get away with anything they do and that day will be the day where our freedom as human beings will be denied along with all the things that are good and just and American.''
Yet even Devils General Manager Lou Lamoriello conceded that the team he built seemed to play its best when it felt the pressure to win, something the Devils might not feel Saturday.
''It's the biggest jock school in the country,'' Glatz said wryly.
''I have a laboratory report which specifically says no cocaine, no opiates, no marijuana, no PCP, no barbiturates, no amphetamines,'' he said.
Do everything slowly, but think ahead.
He lives at the lighthouse and sometimes works as a real estate agent.
''It's still not known what the links between the deep ocean and the shallow ocean are,'' Dr. Seibel said.
We made our social-climbing mark in Bridgehampton by feeding people.
Opening night is Feb. 28. Who's behind Sylvia?
For Maya and her comrades, the union drive -- closely based on the Justice for Janitors campaign undertaken by the Service Employees International Union in Los Angeles last year -- is dangerous and thrilling.
An outgrowth of the 1999 shootings at Columbine High School, where 15 people died, the law allows districts to develop their own programs but includes no penalties if they do not.
Or you can catch the company in the Westchester mall on Thursday at 8 p.m.
A woman's Depression-era romance and her encounters with a ghostly figure in an isolated Maine coastal village are mysteriously linked to a deadly love story in the same town 100 years earlier.
Options activity on individual stocks showed relatively little put activity during that period, as individuals showed no fear.
In a separate development on Thursday, the case of a defendant who was 15 at the time of the beating was transferred to adult court.
That received only the most tepid applause from the delegates.
Prices may not be dropping like stones, but some house hunters think they might be soon.
I had not become the head of a corporation, mastered the art of giving wonderfully smooth cocktail parties, founded a charity to which I had handed over every worldly possession, written the great American novel, traveled around the world or become beautiful.
The attack sent shudders of shock and disbelief through the school of 2,700 students, which had a low incidence of school crime and is located in a quiet neighborhood not far from the Nassau County border.
Foreign companies operating in China will soon lose their preferential tax treatment there.
Today, the 3,000 troops were marching northeast to Pepa, near Lake Tanganyika.
COYOTES 5, SHARKS 3: Daymond Langkow broke a tie with a power-play goal and Ladislav Nagy added his second goal of the game as Phoenix beat visiting San Jose.
When this happened, the security guards leapt off their podiums and broke up the scuffles in seconds, and the ritual began anew.
And many people continued to look down the narrow streets of Lower Manhattan, trying to get an idea of what the 16-acre site looks like.
Tonight at 8 in Holmdel; tickets are $27.75 to $62.75.
Bath Beach and Bensonhurst are working-class areas of modest brick houses and small apartment buildings, where immigrants from Asia and the former Soviet Union have joined longtime Italian-American residents.
Most of the developments, a number of them sponsored by labor unions, were put up between 1962 and 1978 under state legislation designed to give their developers a modest but guaranteed return on their investment through tax breaks and other incentives.
The director of the Brookhaven National Laboratory in New York, John H. Marburger III, has emerged as the leading candidate to be President Bush's science adviser, federal officials said today.
Krishna Moorthy's name is not among them.''
The freedom to turn on a virtual radio that is always playing your favorite song, even if that song is Air Supply's ''Making Love Out of Nothing at All.''
The most ambitious and interesting section of the book seems to be a fragment of a novel.
He found little love at his father's.
Americans say overwhelmingly that the nation should take military action against those responsible for the terrorist attacks, the latest New York Times/CBS News Poll shows.
It is essential that the company prevent additional employee departures by providing incentives and protections to remain, Warnaco said.
Graveside prayer service at 1 PM Friday, November 9th, 2001, Lutheran-All Faiths Cemetery, Middle Village, New York.
By 1997, the threat of an Islamic attack on America was so well recognized that an F.B.I.
Rehearsals for the coming musical ''Mamma Mia!''
Bistro classics like hanger steak and goose-fat-fried potatoes are in ample supply.
The heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis has sued Mike Tyson to try to stop Tyson from engaging in another bout next month that could delay a mandatory fight between Tyson and Lewis that is supposed to take place before April.
11 14 2 THE CHRISTMAS BOX MIRACLE, by Richard Paul Evans.
''If it's a need relating to social development in the community, I love that idea,'' he said.
The man fought police officers who tried to subdue him, the police said.
''Picture 'Great Performances' transmitted along with the entire score of an opera, or the script.
E-mail the New Jersey section at njdine@nytimes.com.
One of the most famous missing treasures in the world of antiques is a beautiful harpsichord that Catherine the Great, empress of Russia from 1762 to 1796, commissioned in 1774 from England.
After rising marginally last year, the number of students meeting math standards declined this year by 1.9 percentage points, to 30.9 percent, and even more students fell to the lowest of four levels of performance.
Tomorrow evening and Sunday afternoon the program begins with a Mozart Quartet for Clarinet and Strings arranged from one of the piano sonatas.
Tomorrow night at the Meadowlands, the Nets play the Knicks in one of those reversal-of-fortune games.
THE ABOMINATION, by Paul Golding.
Dance clubs like Dramas in Fairview, Tribecca in Fort Lee and the Sand Bar in Jersey City are oriented toward a younger crowd and play hefty doses of hip-hop, house music, reggae and Spanish rock.
I said, 'We've got the two-minute drive going.'
While I never went into labor, we told the outside world that we had a miscarriage.
But they can and will be replaced.
comes back out to play Gore again and talks about hiding the key under his bed.
Asked what he saw during the six searches, he responded: ''Nothing but gray.''
But you do not necessarily need a top-of-the-line hearing aid to gain satisfactory improvement.
If a taxpayer's claim is rejected, he said, ''the only thing they could probably be hit with is they'd be owing $4,000 plus interest.''
WHEELCHAIR ACCESS: Tightly packed tables, narrow entrance to restroom.
CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES INC., Irvine, Calif., a buyer of auto loans from car dealers, agreed to acquire MFN Financial Corp., Lake Forest, Ill., a maker of short-term loans to customers with bad credit, for $99.9 million in cash.
But instead, Mr. Soderbergh told him that the actor who would play the drug agent giving Mr. Douglas the tour, an actual federal drug agent, could get them over to where border agents had just confiscated a suspicious car.
Western diplomats say the mobilizations are the largest they have seen in more than a decade between the two nuclear-armed adversaries.
Sergeant Alexander said he had requested special-assignment pay for years, without success.
Many of the people bringing complaints have disabilities that carry considerable stigma, like mental illness.
''They did what we knew they would do; they crashed the boards,'' said MacCulloch, who finished with 5 rebounds.
''He kicked me out of the hospital room,'' Williams said.
The effect of the changes, according to retired military officers close to General Musharraf, was to make the army more pro-Western and less inclined than at any time in 20 years to sympathize with Islamic militancy of the kind that has led to the turmoil in Afghanistan.
The edges are decorated with watercolor eucalyptus leaves, symbolizing the bridegroom's California heritage, and traditional paper umbrella forms, symbolizing the bride's Japanese background.
There are detailed instructions at: www.dnr.cornell.edu/ext/maple/Res_Ext_Pub/Online%20Pubs/maple_syrup_production_for_the_b.htm.
Yet the Marines have never wavered in their dogged assertion that the Osprey -- which can hover like a helicopter and cruise like a airplane -- was essential to their combat strategy.
But the next time Agassi disappears -- and it could happen in an instant -- another comeback is remote.
The players have decided to keep confidential the details of their charity.
''I plan to get buried here,'' he said with a contented smile.
All are more decorous than adventurous (Johnson).
We may suspect the author of rewarding herself after excellent hard work.
For the first time, the Pentagon's plan included the use of land-based F-16 fighter jets.
In an interview, he said smokers coughed more, increasing the chances of transmitting the infection to others, and that drinkers often shared glasses.
Several justices voiced doubts about that argument.
MID-AMERICAN MIAMI 65, CENTRAL MICHIGAN 56: Jason Grunkemeyer scored 16 points as Miami (Ohio) stunned the tournament's top seed for the second consecutive year, rallying for a quarterfinal victory in Cleveland.
Ambitious members of the black clergy have begun suggesting publicly that Mr. Jackson's role as the nation's pre-eminent African-American figure is on the wane and that the time is right for a new generation of leadership.
''We've been winning ugly all year,'' Hofstra point guard Jason Hernandez said.
To the Editor: Re ''Curbs on Blood Threaten Stocks for the Region'' (front page, June 27): One way the Food and Drug Administration could soften the blow of adding new restrictions on blood donations would be to do away with the obsolete and homophobic ban on blood donations by gay men.
At the meeting, Robert Varieur, chief of the Department of Environmental Protection police force, put to rest a persistent and false rumor that the Ashokan had been the No.
''I would be thrilled to have his support,'' Mr. Bloomberg said.
Al Groh deserted to the University of Virginia despite a 9-7 season.
Current sales prices range from $242,910 for a town house to $975,000 for a seven-bedroom lakefront house.
Some plants have reduced their output, operating five rather than seven days a week, he said.
But behind the scenes, a lot of local people are rattled, said Bob Rolfe, a columnist for The Leader, the town's daily newspaper.
Govan Mbeki, a South African liberation leader who sent his eldest son, Thabo, into the antiapartheid struggle and lived to see him become president of South Africa, died early this morning in the coastal city of Port Elizabeth.
An argument can be made that two of Hollywood's most prolific mini-studios, DreamWorks and Revolution, would not exist were it not for the top executives who left Disney to form them -- Jeffrey Katzenberg at DreamWorks and Mr. Roth at Revolution.
At first glance, the device may not appear much different from bus advertisements or, as technology goes, from the old Times Square news zipper.
And then it was lunch time.
MOST people who have had experience with community meetings probably wish they could do what Jean Stone did when meetings threatened to get out of hand.
The J. Paul Getty Museum commissioned him to furnish some of their offices.
''There's something very special about a second love,'' Mr. Langsdorf said.
As a result, Mr. Bush is spending more time than he ever imagined at Camp David, the presidential retreat in the Catoctin Mountains of Maryland that was born in another wartime, 1942, when Franklin D. Roosevelt picked it as an antidote to the stresses of the White House and named it Shangri-La.
''You neglect your job, your family, and everything else,'' he said.
The state is in the midst of a drought that is the worst in 50 years.
IN Stahlstown, Pa., Carol Boerio-Croft coped with losing Murphy, her Irish wolfhound, by making a documentary film.
(In fact, there are more cup holders than seats.)
''Obviously, I'm disappointed I didn't win,'' said Love, who has finished fifth, fourth and second in his last three starts and has not won since the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am in February.
Her mother is a trustee of the Whitney Museum of American Art and of the New York Public Library, where she is a chairman of the Council of Conservators.
Associates First Capital, one of the nation's largest consumer lenders, was charged by federal regulators yesterday with routinely deceiving and lying to customers, tricking them into costly loan refinancings and purchases of expensive ''credit insurance'' that generated fees for the company but often were of little benefit to borrowers.
''I grew up in Fort Worth, Texas,'' he said.
The uncertainty, he said, is ''killing their families.''
The article quotes Paul Stephen Dempsey, vice chairman of Frontier Airlines, as saying ''there is no prohibition against deceitful practices'' at Internet air fare sites, and ''no obligation that these sites provide the lowest fares or best routings.''
A similar snobbery rules the visual art world, where a parallel digital revolution is taking place as image editing programs replace the paintbrush as the tool of choice.
The other is the president's own personal, political and economic gain.
Harry George DeWolf was born in Bedford, Nova Scotia, on June 26, 1903.
''I used to have A credit,'' he said, ''and now it's a Z.''
''We think that part of it isn't even intentional,'' he said.
I mean, in such a litigious society, why not take legal action for all the little parent and child infractions?
Now it seems like it's possible.''
As he moved through the garage area surrounded by the guests, sponsors and clients of other racing teams, a man with a videocamera reached out and screamed, ''I almost touched God.''
Given that situation, it seems bizarre to criticize a budget that ''only'' increases discretionary spending by the approximate rate of inflation.
He visited the campus, in Williamstown, Mass., the summer after his junior year, met the football coach and filled out a questionnaire detailing his athletic and academic accomplishments.
But ''Flying'' was of its (my) time, and (I felt) it needed to be there.
But we think that by establishing relations, we are in a position to do so more effectively.''
His genius was to use his inner tensions in the service of art.
Success might mean quantities produced.
''With Rey out there, everything's got a shot to be fielded,'' Riggan said.
Beloved husband of Stella, father of Joan and Frances Ramer, Karen Sinnreich, grandfather of Helene, Michael, Kristina and Lauren.
''This is America,'' a man said.
''I feel like I have been living through the longest week of my life,'' she said, ''and I haven't been able to get to any of the memorials.
So it's no surprise that academia has turned its gaze to the phenomenon.
And despite the recent revival, the reputation is hard to shake: Tired.
City officials have indicated that approvals will be granted quickly, especially because they are eager for the redevelopment of the downtown to begin.
Jeb Bush, the incumbent Republican, include State Senator Daryl L. Jones of Miami, State Representative Lois J. Frankel of West Palm Beach, and a Tampa lawyer, Bill H. McBride.
From his office on West 36th Street in Manhattan, Bill Lichtenstein, the creator and executive producer of the weekly public radio program ''The Infinite Mind,'' got increasingly enthusiastic recently as he riffed on how the syndrome could be the perfect focus of an episode.
Now a smattering of these rehabilitated flicks are on a road show, with a three-week stop at the Union County Arts Center in Rahway.
So presumably, a generation or so of under-age moviegoers really have no idea of what a boarding school is like or that there is a tradition of boarding school films (especially since so few young fans are willing to watch black-and-white movies.)
Formerly of East Rockaway, New York, died November 28, 2001 in Florida.
When at last he rises, folds his paper and leaves, I half expect to see the filtered late-morning light shining through his ethereal frame.
Herb Gardner's comedy about Murray Burns, an eccentric in rebellion against the social conformity bred in the Eisenhower 50's, is a painfully dated work.
Among the manufacturers with Web sites are Atlas Model Railroad (www.atlasrr.com), Life-Like Products (www.lifelikeproducts.com), Kato U.S.A. (www.katousa.com) and Micro-Trains Line (www.micro-trains.com).
In fact, the style chosen recalls a period gripped by the widespread fear that democracy was doomed.
In his new book, ''You Can't Eat G.N.P.''
''They aren't giving out medals in October, November and December,'' he said, repeating his mantra of the last three months.
But they had given up an average of 39 points a game to opposing teams.
Succumbed to a heart attack on April 19.
In space-starved city apartments, all this can happen in a single room.
Murphy finished his career with 2,011 points, one of only five Irish players to score more than 2,000.
Two characters climb up to the roof at the end, though the roof is neither hot nor tin, but it is real.
THE HEADS I WIN, TAILS YOU LOSE AWARD -- To Andrew S. Fastow, the former chief financial officer at Enron, who pocketed more than $30 million from the behind-the-scenes partnerships he set up as vehicles for the company's trading businesses.
So the producers of ''10 Unknowns'' are negotiating to bring back the original cast (Donald Sutherland, Julianna Margulies, Justin Kirk, Denis O'Hare) in the fall, with tentative plans for a late October opening at a Shubert theater.
''We went to the White House to measure him.''
''Want to speed-walk on the boardwalk?''
But if the Diamondbacks fall behind early in the series, Brenly could decide to alter his rotation and bring back Schilling and Johnson on three days' rest for Games 4 and 5.
Perhaps what Freud said they want: honor, power and love.
The performance was born of a good idea: to contrast Hungarian classical music familiar from the concert hall -- Liszt, Dohnanyi, Bartok -- with original Gypsy prototypes.
It's all so feel-good that at times it's heavy-handed, but Jake Gyllenhaal is appealing as Homer, Chris Cooper makes a fine unsympathetic father, and there are many funny shots of model rockets going away - Thursday at 8 p.m. and Friday at 10:40 a.m. on STARZ.
Tomorrow and Sunday, a special celebration of the zoo's ''Congo Babies,'' honoring animal newborns and toddlers, along with the birthday celebration of Julia, a western lowland gorilla.
That, by your definition, should be considered an ''enlightened'' position.
A spokesman advised a guest to remove the Napster pin from his lapel, saying, ''You don't want to wear that in here.''
In Nassau, however, anyone able to open the back of the machine, including poll workers, can reach the zero key.
Friday at 9 p.m. Marc McDonald.
BUSINESS DAY, PAGE C1 P.& G. Close to Clairol Deal Procter & Gamble is close to a deal to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb's Clairol unit for $4.95 billion, people close to the talks said.
First he takes François out for a fancy lunch at which they have nothing to talk about.
''During the day, I fight with the residents and defend the airlines; from 12:30 to 6:30 I defend the residents,'' Mr. Spano said.
A number of new French directors on the scene have tried to move beyond these archetypes, to try and do other things.''
I'm thinking particularly of our focus on pedestrian movement and our continuing fascination with it.
Managed care organizations have always promoted the notion of preventive care.
Moon's pictures, Martin Harrison, a photographic historian, said.
''It's not something you find in a general discussion about Spanish cooking,'' said Penelope Casas, the author of ''Paella!
''You see, that's what I meant when I said earlier, 'Do your creative stuff in an environment that has a real artistic base and then take it to New York ready to be judged.'
Mr. Stern, who testified yesterday before a Council committee that oversees park operations, angered its members when he appeared without a complete accounting of the donations and provided little detail on how the money was spent.
''An egg was such a cherished thing,'' said Arthur Schwartz, the author of ''Naples at Table'' (HarperCollins, 1998).
In the lame-duck legislative session there are two measures pending that -- for the price of some concessions to the Republicans and suburban interests -- may begin to pull Camden out of its long swoon and add momentum to Newark's effort at revitalization.
By then Mr. Golden and Mr. Linder, along with a younger associate, Ralph Hansmann, had set up their own office on Wall Street as a base from which to manage their own money and do interesting things.
Thanks to Dr. Schachat's team-building exercises, production resumed and people are now responding to each other with respect, he said.
He broke down late in 1997, required shoulder surgery and won 20 games the next summer.
Under the July 8 proposal, the family would own no more than 1 percent of the combined company but would control about 42 percent of the vote, which could be considered effective control.
Elizabeth Wylly Smith, a daughter of Elizabeth Anne Braswell of Charlottesville, Va., and Marschall Imboden Smith of Lake Forest, Ill., was married last night to Eric David Bommer, a son of Elizabeth Bommer and Prof. Michael Roger William Bommer of Canton, N.Y.
Even as Mr. O'Neill spoke, Representative Dick Armey of Texas, the House majority leader, told reporters that the House was likely to vote on reductions in income tax rates as early as March.
There is a palpable precociousness in the play, particularly in the overly explanatory final act, which takes on a slightly tedious attitude of a goody-goody younger brother waggling his finger at you in warning.
More benefits are planned this month to raise money for heart transplant surgery for Alan Danielson, a former Limón dancer.
The new center in Banqiao (pronounced bahn-chow), a village in the suburban county of Shunyi, is modeled on a similar one Ms. Zhang created in 1995 in her native Shaanxi Province, which was probably the first of its kind in China.
The Icelandic singer Bjork has been a cult icon on the music scene since the late 80's, but her riveting performance as Selma, the fantasy-buoyed lead last year in Lars von Trier's ''Dancer in the Dark,'' left many admirers disappointed that she did not receive an Oscar nomination.
It is I for whom the trumpets call!
Tracy Ann Pattison, a daughter of Janice and Thomas Pattison of Westerleigh, Staten Island, was married on Friday to Sam Williams, the son of Jane and Stephen Williams of La Habra Heights, Calif. Judge Raymond J. Dearie of the Federal District Court in Brooklyn officiated in his chambers.
A sorrowful goodbye to our beloved friend and schoolmate of more than 50 years.
Among the committee members, one of the biggest recipients is Representative Marion Berry, Democrat of Arkansas, whose family enterprises received $649,750 in farm subsidies in the past five years.
''A friend of mine had just come back from winter break and was impressed with this attractive blond guy,'' Ms. Eason remembered.
The suit was filed in 1996 in United States District Court in Pocatello, Idaho, but was kept under seal until the government decided three years ago not to join it.
He did not get a decision Monday in the R-Phils' 7-2 loss to Altoona but lowered his E.R.A.
While he waits for stem-cell research to develop, Nirav is trading in blue-chip companies whose stocks he believes were unjustly battered in the past week.
Some people might be drawn to the roast chicken ($5.95), which was good and juicy, or the pastas, including a passable gnocchi ($8.95).
Inflated expectations are, of course, unique neither to Putnam County nor to New York state.
What would they have done, had their offices been at ground zero?
If he were the prosecutor, he said, ''why would I take this slam-dunk and confuse the jury with this added count?''
''Summerspace'' has been better danced, and a new cast will be seen during the season.
''It looked like it was in the cards,'' Valentine said.
Cherished granddaughter of Lillian Gustin.
She rose to the occasion.
Today, China is believed to harbor fewer than two dozen long-range nuclear missiles, based in silos.
Len is faced with covetousness when the hearse breaks down on his first day of work and he sees a Rolls-Royce hearse go by; later, he plays Cyrano for his shy would-be son-in-law.
When asked, Mr. Murphy sang a few bars: The minstrel boy to the war is gone, in the ranks of death you will find him.
When the Raiders were making a drive that could have cut the Ravens' lead to 6 points, the defense came up with an interception on its 2-yard line.
I got a tour from someone on the ''art team,'' who offered me chocolates and Scotch.
''Peeling Potatoes, Painting Pictures: Women Artists From the Dodge Collection.''
A patent has been filed for the gene that the team inserted.
Tsuyoshi Shinjo plays defense aggressively and without apologies.
''He was a wreck, he really was, because he likes to have an idea of when he's pitching and just lock in and get in the zone.''
A spokesman for Goldman Sachs, Lucas van Praag, said the layoffs of almost 150 employees in investment banking included managing directors, vice presidents and associates.
For a dying 52-year-old man, the reward of a lifetime of physical fitness is a decaying body.
Father of Robert Sandler of Santa Monica, CA and the late Jonathan H. Sandler and stepfather of Jonathan Feld of Boston, MA and David Feld of Fremont, CA.
A month ago, he would have sounded facetious.
Dr. Paul Grant, a science fellow at the Electric Power Research Institute in Palo Alto, Calif., called the work ''a tour de force of physics'' but said he doubted that even those future applications would materialize.
But blacks from the Dinkwanyane clan said they were overjoyed that they would soon regain land seized from them 40 years ago by the white-supremacist government, and pointed out that they were never compensated when they lost their homes.
DANIEL AND JOSEPH SHEA Two Brothers on Two Floors For a time, Daniel James Shea would not work at Cantor Fitzgerald.
AirTran Airways, based in Orlando, Fla., serves 34 cities, mostly in the East.
While his answers to substantive questions sometimes featured a tentative speaking style, his joking retorts and asides came quickly and easily.
His father's employers at Project Renewal, the social service agency that had a recycling contract with the Port Authority, say there is no doubt that the senior Mr. Penny was one of two workers who perished in the attacks.
That Thursday night, Ms. Fried and Ms. Johnson sat on a bench on the Promenade holding candles, sharing a lost view.
Mr. Martinez, a veterinary technician, showed off Napoleon's training.
Lincoln Center joins with Carnegie Hall and the global family of music makers and music lovers in mourning his loss.
Born in Washington Heights, Mr. Silverstein learned the real estate business working for his father Harry, a smalltime broker, while attending Brooklyn Law School at night.
For top-selling midprice cars like the Volkswagen Golf or the Opel Astra, the price disparity was more than 30 percent.
On the night of Feb. 9, 1529, an anti-papist crowd broke into the cathedral, smashing windows, defacing sculptures and consigning altarpieces to the flames.
The Washington production, directed by the filmmaker Mariusz Trelinski, reaches the capital by way of the Teatr Wielki in Warsaw.
Now, thanks largely to the widespread use of an early detection exam, it is the seventh.
In between cheering on the boaters, spectators can hear Vallenato music of Colombian folklore or the songs of the New York Boys Choir; watch kung fu demonstrations; snack on Italian sausages, sushi or rice dumplings; and learn basic Chinese calligraphy and paper cutting.
Historically, there's reason for some concern on the part of those who hold power.
Mr. Morales was found dead in the cockpit.
''We're an interesting place technologically,'' said Chuck Geiger, vice president of technology strategy at eBay.
It is about the size of a large hand-held computer and comes with a stylus that resembles a remote control for a television.
Van Woerden takes the reader on a transforming journey through the illegal immigrant's plight, the cost of race thinking and the way the label ''mad'' is used to suppress stories too dangerous or unbearable to hear.
They returned to Czechoslovakia hoping to build a future without racial prejudice or economic exploitation.
The officers were treated for minor injuries at area hospitals and released.
Mr. Blodget discounts his role as a promoter.
Almost universally, a better self emerges that first time you take Ecstasy.
He also became involved with the Communist Youth League, and in 1984 he moved to Beijing as its national leader, developing wide contacts that serve him now.
In World War II, he fought in an all-African French Army unit and spent two years in a Nazi camp after being captured.
Each drawing is like a diary, a chronicle of the intricacies of a disturbed sleep.
As soon as Maradona returned to Argentina, Mr. Menem -- now out of office and under house arrest on charges of gun-running -- invited him over for a barbecue.
All three comedies were ready to be added last fall, but Mr. Bloomberg and Mr. Braun withheld them because they did not feel they had the right time slots to position them effectively.
WEDNESDAY, 7:52 a.m. -- The rolling classroom embarks on a rite of spring: the overnight class trip.
For catering, one choice is Jumbo Party Bagels ($49.95, serving up to 18), also with Jersey names.
Ms. Barbuto was also a practical joker.
We don't create, we respond to.''
A former computer programmer, he started the Web site as a part-time project in 1998, writing his first article from the kitchen table at his farmhouse in Zebulon, N.C., occasionally gazing out the window at his chicken coop.
At about that time, Terry J. Sicilia, a chapter director in Denver, wrote a letter to a senior vice president at headquarters to express his disappointment in Healy's leadership since Sept. 11.
Mr. Bush made the announcement while spending a three-day vacation at his ranch here.
Right Start struck a deal to acquire the F. A. O. brand and 23 of its 41 toy stores for about $55 million, in a package of stock and debt that included no cash, said Jerry R. Welch, the president and chief executive of Right Start.
Both chairmen were later indicted, Mr. Taubman pleading not guilty and going to trial, and Sir Anthony thwarting extradition by refusing to leave his home in England.
The client is responsible for finding a house through a real estate agent.
''I used to have my hair done, pedicure and manicure every two weeks.
Three years after he retired from his hit television show, Mr. Seinfeld came back to the tiny Long Island stage he frequented before he became a household name.
And do not try convincing Glory Eta, who lives in Malden, Mass., and takes a train and a bus to get to her job in the Brighton neighborhood of Boston, that the guarantee will work.
As of February, there will be 128 voting cardinals, and 118 of them will have been appointed by this pope; they were chosen in large part because they followed his teachings and shared his basic principles.
Mr. Maduro, 54, whose own son was killed by gunmen in 1997, had built a comfortable lead in polls with his campaign slogan ''A Safe Future'' and promises to implement a New York City-style ''zero tolerance'' program on crime.
Bettis was listed as doubtful today, meaning there is a 25 percent chance he will play.
The most galling part for Van Gundy's 2-4 team -- the Knicks are 0-4 on the road and have lost seven in a row away from the Garden since last season -- was that it did not suffer the kind of calamitous meltdown befitting a blown chance for victory.
Did she call for help on her cell phone?
There are many sites for screenings.
Tomorrow at 2 p.m. Free.
About two weeks ago, the Nets sat in the dark video room at their practice site and watched what the Knicks' defense had done to them at the Meadowlands.
Though it was always yellow, its new butterscotchlike hue is warm and most satisfying.
The state's efforts cured most of the Passaic's ills, primarily because untreated sewage and industrial waste no longer flowed into the river in large amounts.
Lawmakers from both parties appear ready to consider new government spending or tax cuts, beyond the cuts and rebates they passed earlier this year.
''If I'm not struggling when I'm reading, then I feel I'm wasting my time.
Raoul appears, but hardly have the two begun to express their mutual desperation than Valentine's father, Saint-Bris, comes on with confederates to plot the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre.
C1 Cutbacks Seen at Ford The company's executives have approved an early retirement program for up to 10 percent of its white-collar employees in the United States, or 4,600 workers, people close to the automaker said.
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell said today that he would grant President Chen Shui-bian of Taiwan permission to stop briefly in the United States on his way to and from Latin America.
Miami's Erik Compton, just a year removed from the juniors, made the Doral-Ryder Open cut last March.
That woman is a role model for all of us.
There will be a lot of suffering and discomfort.
In the past several years, the culture of New York firehouse cooking has undergone radical change.
''This election shows that our alliance is a real alternative of government in the election four years from now,'' said Santiago Mayor Joaquin Lavin, the main opposition leader.
''We were very pleasantly surprised to find our staff alive and functioning as best they can,'' Mr. O'Neill said after listening to reports from Afghan staff members at the Pakistani border.
''Their reputations have been ruined, along with the chances for endorsement contracts,'' Mr. Froelich said.
In past years, Franks had been a little-used catcher; in the years to come, he would be a scout and a manager.
Devoted mother of Stan Ross (Marilyn), Myrna Molnar (Fred).
''I taught astronomy, and I'm a sports fan, and I wondered what it would be like to play all sorts of sports on the moon.''
Two officers were killed in Sergeant Hamad's vehicle and two in the second car, he said, adding that he alone managed to shoot back at the Israelis.
Managers typed commands that automatically prompted the AT&T system to keep a percentage of its circuits open for outbound long-distance calls.
Once again we are told about Iowa and New Hampshire and South Carolina.
We weren't gnashing our teeth down in Florida.
American Indian celebration, Sunday from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. at the Hudson River Museum, 511 Warburton Avenue, Yonkers, (914) 963-4550.
The bill now requires that the hacking be part of an effort to gain access to national security information, cause damage to a secure computer or obtain information from a secure computer system by threaten to damage that system.
Although she has a voice of size and substance, she does not come out of a belting gospel tradition.
It had a clear return address, Nissan Information Headquarters in Fenton, Mo., but also, incongruously, the ''Rx '' symbol for a medical prescription.
But people who post unauthorized images on their Web sites simply to add splash, or even use them as wallpaper on their computer desktops, may be violating the law, even though it is unlikely that a company will go to the effort to sue them over such an infraction.
Those killed were Daniel Dorsch, 52, a supervisor in the engine laboratory section of the plant, Robert E. Wehrheim, 47, a technician, and two others whom police and Navistar officials declined to identify because their families had not yet been notified.
Its action is hard, its tone sweet, its moral quality pluck.
Finally, the Array Marketing Group in Los Angeles is acquiring IDMD in Toronto, New York, Chicago and Paris, which makes point-of-purchase communications materials.
While endorsing the idea of more sophisticated testing, Democrats have raised questions about the Fort Greely plan.
State administrators fear that Congress might cut support for job transition because of the dramatic winnowing of the national welfare roll from 4.4 million families in 1996 to 2.2 million last year.
Ms. Gao, 39, spoke in her defense at least eight times at the three-hour trial today at the Beijing First Intermediate People's Court, according to one of her lawyers, Bai Xuebiao.
''The thing we said is, 'We did all this work and fought this hard, why lose the game?'
He succeeds Lloyd D. Ward, who resigned in November.
The second half was better than the first.
because it has the largest arsenal, and its political arm, Sinn Fein, is the only party participating in government that has an armed force behind it.
That is the crux of it.''
We have the muscle down low in Michael Wright and Gene Edgerson.
As Sima Qian wrote, Zhang Liang was a man who was able to ''make his plans within the tents of his commanders, and shape victory out of chaos.
Until the late 1980's, Mount Airy and its sister resorts, Pocono Gardens Lodge and Strickland's Mountain Inn, featured a social staff of six, led by the ''Docster,'' who would use a whistle to direct guests from the Sports Palace to the ski slopes.
They policed one another in the stairwells, preventing pushing and offering comfort, if only in words, to those who had the greatest difficulty.
Referring to Air Canada as ''the airline industry,'' the editorial concluded: ''It doesn't need protection, it needs competition.''
For the second straight game, Petr Nedved, the team's No.
Another three dozen delegates have been added, most of them athletes and the heads of international sports federations.
A summer jazz workshop he leads attracts more than 100 young musicians each year.
Sunday's game, at 5 p.m., is at KeySpan Park in Coney Island.
Finally Jonsi, who at 25 is the oldest member of the group but could pass for the youngest -- with his beanpole physique and odd sprout of hair where a widow's peak should be, he looks like a flesh-and-blood Tintin -- tried to set me straight.
And a new market may soon stand in front of All Souls Church at Lexington Avenue and 80th Street if the necessary permits can be secured.
''Precisely what constitutes a group is one of those tortured legal questions that the courts have to answer,'' Professor Bromberg said.
RUNNING IT UP THE FLAGPOLE ''Since the attack, everyone is carrying or wearing flags, so when the Citizen Stamp Advisory Committee chairman called me to suggest that we use a flag coupled with a positive expression, like 'United We Stand,' I immediately agreed.
CANUCKS 3, OILERS 2: The rookie Henrik Sedin scored at 9:42 of the third period to give Vancouver a victory in Edmonton, Alberta.
5 and an offense that ranked No.
Millicent Petrafesa of Fairfield became familiar with the theater business through her husband, John, who died last summer.
Information: (781) 933-3176 or www .computer-edcamps.com.
The characters who take their own lives seem to find no difference between one desolate world and another.
Sometimes, however, the technology also erodes the performers' patience.
Although it provided reliable water, power and flood control, critics complained that the dam marred a natural wonder and had tamed much of the Colorado's wildness.
But, for a former Treasury secretary, Mr. Rubin had a little trouble separating his billions from his trillions.
For most, the sounds are sporadic, and soft enough to be ignored.
Mr. Bannon would like to house some circus animals outside the Arena just before their performances so that spectators can get the full flavor of the days of the Big Top.
And more generally, it's unclear whether the federal government will continue to police mergers to make sure that they are good, not bad, for the economy as a whole.
Gordon, Hendrick's marquee driver, also went through a downturn since winning his third title in 1998.
OF the public financing for the redevelopment, Congress has awarded the city $14.2 million for road improvements.
Michigan permits unsupervised driving in Stage 2 up until midnight.
Place over medium-low heat, and simmer until tender, about 15 minutes.
The housing market index is based on a survey that asks builders to rate current sales of single-family homes and to assess the outlook for sales over the next six months.
In a live sketch from another show, a trembling crowd of white-collar workers watches a muscleman in a tiny thong rise out of the floorboards holding a huge red ball overhead.
The A's, who held a team meeting before Friday's 7-3 victory over Boston, had won a season-high three straight games.
With a projectile there are many different effects.''
Front porches on American homes were first popularized about the time that Hudson River School art was at its peak of popularity before the Civil War -- porches were considered perfect perches for looking at the landscape.
And she added: ''This is not a rich man's collection, but a collector's collection.''
Between January and May he would have to book 13 different acts and sell advertisements to pay for the printed programs.
The Israeli military authorities reported several incidents of stone throwing, an attack with grenades in the Gaza Strip and at least one incident in which shots were fired at troops.
And in a speech at the assembly, Bishop Hanson asked delegates if they would describe the denomination ''as a church in a state of anxiety or a church in a state of urgency.''
FEATURE WRITING TOM HALLMAN JR.
In December, investigators knew Dr. Lee was going to Taiwan for three weeks, but did not monitor him.
''The House of Mirth'' is an art house success.
That was the underlying theme at the Yankees' opening day yesterday and will be the theme of this season.
''We see these blocks of wood behaving exactly like us, and that distance allows us to look at our own lives,'' Mr. Hurlin said.
This sort of disordering technique has been a hallmark of Byrne's fractious career.
A sudden cooling of demand for products will force Corning Inc. to cut 1,000 jobs from its optical fiber work force, company officials said yesterday.
The generators are concentrated in New York City, which already violates federal clean air standards.
''I liked the imagination, the wonderful sets and dress.
''That is all I'm going to say,'' said Ms. Pearce, who has served on the board for 19 years, four of them as chairwoman.
Since President Bush has said the order will be used sparingly, some terrorism defendants tried in civilian court could have a better chance of being acquitted because their co-conspirators are not in the courtroom with them.
I think it is unhelpful in relationships to focus on the negatives.''
The renovations will add 2,300 seats to Wrigley, which currently has a seating capacity of 39,059.
But she claimed the distinction of being the first woman to make it to the remote third checkpoint.
President Bush, for example, has signaled that he will soon propose a major military buildup, including financing for a national missile defense.
It is a part of the healing, to tell the story.
The younger Mr. Thurmond is an assistant state prosecutor and a 1998 graduate of the University of South Carolina law school.
Kurt Thomas enters camp as the undisputed starter, with the newly acquired Clarence Weatherspoon as his backup.
The decisions by Agassi and Sampras, while not stunning, are a setback for the new captain, Patrick McEnroe, in assembling a team to compete in Switzerland next month.
BARBARA ETZOLD The Right Number Barbara Etzold always answered the phone whenever David Konigsberg called for a friend who never seemed to be available.
Shipping and set-up costs for satellite communications equipment can run $50,000 to $70,000 for each uplink -- and at least that much each week to maintain it, not to mention transmission fees that can cost $2,000 for 15 minutes in remote areas.
''Although my friends didn't know anything I was talking about when it came to racing.
1 seeds in the women's tournament.
Special notice is due Ms. Carter, a recent graduate of the Yale School of Drama who shows off both a blazing poise and an innocently flippant sexuality, the kind of dexterity that makes you want to look for her onstage in the future.
The rabbi has been in the business of testing for shatnez for four years -- a second career that he performs part time when not teaching elementary school at a yeshiva in Queens -- filling a need in the burgeoning Orthodox Jewish communities of Passaic and Clifton.
But he was also known for extensive pro bono work, largely at MFY Legal Services.
But the property carries an unusual encumbrance.
Nevertheless, the shares of Krispy Kreme fell $2.87 today, or 9.8 percent, to $32.11.
About an hour before the game, Coach Jim Fassel quietly presented nine members of the Lynch family with a game ball for Richie Lynch from last week's 13-3 victory in Kansas City.
Not unlike the veterans of that war, however, the memorial was neglected -- and worse.
LIBERTY HALL MUSEUM ''A Child's View of History,'' special tour focusing on the lives of the children who have lived at Liberty Hall.
Perfect growing conditions and the absence of any truly superb vintages in the past decade have contributed to the frenzy, but so, apparently, has the magic number -- 2000 -- on each label.
Most of all, they need to know people.
They'll be like: Yeah, he was a drinker.
That spread is somewhat unusual in the current market, where most refinancings now range from one-half point to one and a half points.
THEY mobilized the afternoon of Sept. 11, a team of engineers that now totals more than 200, dispatched across Lower Manhattan to quickly, but responsibly, evaluate the structural soundness of more than 400 buildings near what is known as ground zero.
Bira, belong to Mongolia's Academy of Sciences, which is expected to be influential in the decision.
He grew up in southern San Antonio, where the closest thing to public transportation during his youth was a guy giving his friends a lift on his tractor.
Monday at Hammerstein Ballroom, the group put on a show that was rather like a rock 'n' roll sitcom, with risqué jokes and chaotic moments but a dominant mood that was like a big virtual hug.
Apartheid's judges and police still permeate the system.
General Powell said the defection did not arise in his meeting this week with Deputy Prime Minister Qian Qichen, who is visiting Washington.
Wide receiver Cris Carter will retire after the 2001 season and running back Robert Smith has already retired.
His assumption and his approach, he said, were based on the library's reputation as a place where marriage-minded undergraduates went hunting for a law-student spouse.
(Mr. Jordan has left the firm for Wall Street.)
''I won't destroy my own art,'' he said, adding that he had worked for nearly a month on it.
Billy was also a great friend.
Once nearly extinct, trumpeter swans now flock by the thousands each winter to the rural farmlands and estuaries of northwestern Washington's Skagit Valley.
's second-round victory over Missouri.
Pair of Louis XV-style armchairs, $9,950.
He was released from a prison in Jarratt today and taken to Virginia Beach, where he had been assigned to live in a home run by a support center for the mentally disabled.
China also made demands that the United States halt its routine surveillance off Chinese waters.
They also take ice cream sandwiches out of the staff refrigerator.
The agreement calls for cutting $16 million in aid from libraries, $10 million less than the mayor had originally proposed.
Dr. Paul Kendrick McKissock, a plastic surgeon known for a breast reduction procedure he developed early in his career, died on March 26 at his home in Palm Desert, Calif.
So is the 2:43 out of Kinshasa: planes landing in Charles de Gaulle Airport have recently been found to be carrying more than a few nonpaying passengers, leading European airlines to step up their preflight extermination efforts.
Mr. Ebner's reach outside Switzerland reflects his view that banks and insurance companies will have expanded money management opportunities as countries loosen their hold on the vast amount of money in pension plans.
But the mineral rights are owned by the Osage Indians, who have no intention of ending the drilling that has supported the tribe for nearly a century, setting up what Ms. Norton described as an ideal laboratory for coexistence.
Guided one-hour tours are conducted from 9:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Saturday (until 6 on Friday) and from noon to 4 p.m. on Sunday.
That would be the physics of lunar sports, which probes the scientific issues that would be involved should, for example, George Steinbrenner contemplate moving the Yankees from the Bronx to outer space.
So strong are those doubts among Protestants that Mr. Trimble's moderate Ulster Unionist party lost three of its nine seats in London while the hard-line Democratic Unionists of the Rev.
Although 25 percent of the prescriptions are picked up at the drive-through window, Mr. Frank said he did not think this reduced sales generated by ''walk-through'' customers.
African-American Muslims question how anyone who claims to follow Islam could commit such acts and say that those found responsible for the terrorism should meet justice.
But, he said, he did not believe Germany would ban the group, as is being debated there.
Sibling Revelry Charles Randolph-Wright says he remembers the exact moment when he knew he had to meet Nona Hendryx.
Greenhouse tours, Sundays at 2:15 p.m.
This is, to be sure, a narrow interpretation of Islam, one that reflects the influence that fundamentalists now wield over the public discourse about religion.
I have nothing to lose.''
Cherished grandmother of Rebecca, Ian and Daniel Zack of Princeton, and of Rachel, Elizabeth and Andrew Zack of Baltimore.
It is at the root of Mr. Giuliani's claim that he transformed the mayor's office from a political job to that of a governmental C.E.O., an approach that his critics say made him unsympathetic to the poor and to others who could not meet his exacting standards.
Barnett, 56, has been an American League umpire for 31 years and a supervisor for the past two.
So maybe it is not surprising to find a new book by Terrence W. Tilley, a professor of religious studies at the University of Dayton, bearing the title ''Inventing Catholic Tradition'' (Orbis Books, 2000).
But my first clue that a certain major appliance did not like living here was the repeated mechanical failures.
The airline, which is based in Fort Worth, and the union have been in talks almost three years.
An editorial on Sept. 24 questioned America's intentions in lifting economic sanctions: ''It is doubtful that the United States will open the cornucopia of plenty for Pakistan as participation in the anti-terrorism coalition is mandatory not voluntary.''
Father of Charles F. III, Michael S. and John G. Brother of Douglas, Philip and Sharlene Spingler.
One of the keys to tonight's fight will be to watch how Hopkins reacts after Trinidad lands a solid punch.
Against the yen, the dollar is up 5.2 percent this year and well above its record low in the early 1990's.
But instead of the evidence being scooped up by law enforcement agents working under the authority of a court order, eSniff is under the control of school administrators.
Laurence A. Feldman, President Myron M. Fenster, Rabbi
1961 FINAL -- Cincinnati 70, Ohio State 65 (OT): Ohio State, the defending champion, boasted a 31-game winning streak and the future Hall of Famers Jerry Lucas and John Havlicek.
After all, the presumed killer, Albert DeSalvo, confessed to more than a dozen murders.
Fisher settled for a 16-footer that he missed with Charlie Ward draped all over him.
''And then she was hit by something like this.
It has succeeded, they say, by forging ongoing alliances between cultural groups and the villages, towns and cities where they are based.
Last time, he said, a half-dozen women at the plant embraced him; it is for them, the employees, that he is doing this.
''While it's clearly not on all fours with a court proceeding, I don't think it is something that is shrouded in secrecy.''
That would leave less money in the economy for investment in businesses, which would drive interest rates higher than they would be otherwise.
Gleaners are also city dwellers, and Ms. Varda discovers a surprising character who subsists on the fruits and vegetables and parsley left behind as garbage in Paris markets but turns out to have a much nobler calling.
After high school, they worked in various places around the world (he in Budapest, Portland, Ore., and San Jose, Calif.; she in London, Southeast Asia and San Francisco).
A cup of coffee and he's off and running: ''The espresso machine whirrs and burbles at my touch, filling a cup exactly to the brim.
Today, with the ease of storage and access offered by electronic databases, that promise may have more meaning.
Human Resources said it was working to ensure that the nearly 46,000 welfare recipients approaching the five-year federal limit for collecting benefits would be placed in jobs or moved into a ''safety net'' program.
That was a portent for what Donovan would endure after being named the Knicks' coach in May 1961, replacing Carl Braun.
I came down here to watch what happens in a state when the national economy turns south.
Andrew Greeley, though better known for his mildly pot-boiling novels full of ostentatiously heterosexual priests, has written extensively on the idea that it is the poetry of Catholicism -- its incense and music, rites and rituals -- that keeps Catholics tied for a lifetime to the church's symbols, if not to its doctrine.
Compaq Computer will consider raising its takeover bid for Proxicom, an Internet consulting firm, after receiving formal notice yesterday of a higher competing bid.
He returned to Canada as Benni Noris, a false identity that was established with a blank baptismal certificate stolen from a Montreal church.
Aimed at young consumers for whom the distinction between dissimilar gadgets is presumably meaningless, the Nokia 5510 comes with a standard qwerty-style keyboard for text messaging, a headphone jack for stereo music (which can be recorded from compact discs) and an illuminated full-graphics display for video games and e-mail.
And now, in the service of that passion, he is marshaling the tactical, media and organizational skills he has sharpened in three decades in Democratic politics to try to beat back what he sees as the retrograde and damaging environmental and energy policies of the Bush administration.
Mr. Feinberg did not say what his minimum award might be.
His journeys to the zones of northern Canada, where farming is impossible and people live by hunting and gathering, put him into contact with ''a very different kind of human condition.''
Bruce Wasserstein, a Wall Street deal maker who rose to prominence in the 1980's, is taking the top job at Lazard L.L.C., an investment bank adrift after a string of defections.
WHEELCHAIR ACCESS: No steps to restaurant or restrooms.
Beloved husband of the late Miriam.
Tuesday night was their first game since Van Exel, their leading scorer, went public with his demand to be traded, saying he was sick of losing.
RECOMMENDED DISHES -- All desserts, scallops, corn-pepper soup, crab-meat cocktail, chopped salad, veal medallions, pork chop, short ribs, lobster club sandwich, lobster risotto, sirloin, sesame-crusted tuna.
By the game's first pitch, the youngsters were settled in the recently expanded bleacher section, becoming a part of the sellout crowd of 7,500 that paid from $5 to $10 a ticket.
Of Margate, Florida, formerly of Fall River, Mass., on Jan. 29, 2001.
Mr. Harris's directorial debut is a conventionally structured biography of the painter Jackson Pollock made exceptional by Mr. Harris's and Ms. Harden's bone-deep portrayals of Pollock, the explosive alcoholic Abstract Expressionist, and his wife and fellow painter, Lee Krasner.
''I did not have a strong financial background,'' he said, adding that he received financial reports from Mr. Edwards and passed them on to Mr.
Thomas Dean, pastor at the church, said his predecessor sought out Verizon Wireless in 1996 specifically to rebuild the spire.
Admission: free ($10 for judged cars).
But it took him six batters -- and a pep talk from second baseman Roberto Alomar -- to calm down.
Hours: Wednesdays through Sundays, noon to 5 p.m.; Thursdays (after hours) until 8:30 p.m. 49 Washington Street, Newark.
Anger has yet to be sanctioned as an established, biologic risk factor, said Dr. Janice E. Williams, a cardiovascular epidemiologist with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta.
But as he returns from Nigeria to his family in Toronto, one senses his quest to balance the pull of politics with another kind of idealism: the dream of being fully present for his wife and children.
If Americans pull back overseas, the impact is likely to be greatest on smaller countries, especially those in emerging markets that hunger for foreign capital.
Instead, as relations appear to reach their lowest ebb since the end of the cold war, the Bush foreign policy team has designated Russia as a damaging proliferator of weapons, accusing it of selling arms for profit to countries like Iran while squandering billions of dollars of Western aid.
President Alejandro Toledo, who unsuccessfully ran against Mr. Fujimori two times but finally won a third election in April, has said he will continue to press Japan to extradite Mr. Fujimori.
I saw one case where somebody's friends stopped on the other side to bring food.
L-3, which is based in New York, said it would initially pay about $105 million for EER, but could pay up to $10 million more if the company achieves financial targets in 2001 and 2002.
The story is told of the corrupt Albany judge who called opposing trial lawyers into his chambers.
''We have to get better every game.''
Rd6, Lerner, with a bishop for a rook and pawn, gave up.
Sweet 'n' Tart has another location at 20 Mott Street in Chinatown.
It took months, however, for the centers to realize that the new demand was a clue to the developing epidemic.
Not everyone who sees ''Chopper,'' a fictionalized close-up portrait of Mark (Chopper) Read (Eric Bana), a real-life Australian folk hero who claims to have murdered 19 people (many of them drug dealers and other lowlifes) will be captivated by the motormouthed spiels of this self-promoting homicidal lug.
THE Muss Organization's purchaser-profile data on the first 200 sales last February showed that 73 percent of those buyers had incomes over $100,000 a year.
At the edge of the graveyard, the little Tulpehocken Settlement Historical Society is building an addition to accommodate the rush of callers like Wayne and Beth Ilger.
Earlier this month the Parliament agreed to amend the draft law to make it harder for authorities to gain access to data.
These qualities are embodied not only in Mr. Campbell's haunted eyes and sunken lips but also in a rich musical voice whose oratorical roll enfolds many quivering notes, including several shades of hysteria.
Box 97241, Washington, D.C. 20090, in his memory appreciated.
What few Web users realize is some e-mail addresses and domains are set aside for use as examples.
But his current problems began after he served time on the drug charges.
Maybe ''The Surrendered Wife'' had some pointers for me?
In Rockville Centre, where more than 20 residents are missing, Raymond Street, a quiet road of big trees and stately homes with long porches, is enduring more than its share of pain.
This gave little away, and West misguessed by leading a heart.
''It's a significantly different project than the one priced out in 1996,'' said Michael G. Carey, president of the New York City Economic Development Corporation, which is overseeing the job.
Reach me at home tonight.''
I refused to do the radiation treatments until three years ago, and finally it eased off.''
Barry Bonds was 1 for 2 with two walks, increasing his major league-leading total to 94.
'Whatever it takes' means you will do anything to defend Taiwan,'' Mr. Ackerman said.
The military has more students learning Arabic, Chinese, Korean and Russian than it does Spanish, he said.
Absolutely ashamed to be an Australian.
''American Desi,'' written and directed by Piyush Dinker Pandya, has some amusing moments, most involving the unwinding of the strait-laced Salim.
The checkpoint here -- a mass of concertina wire, cement and sandbags -- separates Baqa al Sharqiya from Nazlat Isa, which is in Palestinian territory but wide open to Israel on its western side.
Cheap Tickets Inc., the seller of discounted airline tickets and hotel rooms being acquired by the Cendant Corporation, is closing its Los Angeles call center as it consolidates the number of reservation centers it operates.
ERIC LEHRFELD Comic Collector Eric Lehrfeld was always crazy about comic books.
A leader and a friend, his knowledge, insight and enthusiasm will be greatly missed.
Freed, as the recording studio in his Armonk home suggests.
Still, the effort comes as Republicans are struggling to keep the moderate and conservative wings of the party together and functioning.
Emily's List, a national organization that supports candidates who are women and favor abortion rights, played a major role in last year's Senate race in Michigan.
The report also said that participants in the program tried in 1989 to kill Frank Chikane, an anti-apartheid activist, by planting poison in his underwear.
''You don't want to go to a site once, stir up a lot of feeling and never follow through,'' Dr. Cournos added.
The deal comes only a month after Rare Medium supplied Motient with a $50 million short-term loan, which was secured by Motient's promise to provide stock in a company it has a controlling interest in, XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. Motient is using some of the cash from the Rare Medium loan to buy the company.
In retrospect, I believe it was.
The organization mounts new and rarely staged musicals and provides a variety of programs for students.
Irina Slutskaya did not have to perform on the edge to place first in Group B.
''Modern life tends to zap all our energy,'' she said.
Twice in one afternoon the a capella ensemble Pomerium presented a seasonal concert of Renaissance Passion motets that was as lovingly curated and classily presented as any of the museum's other displays.
Its sentiments, I believed, were the reason for my busted marriage and a dozen blown relationships.
Slightly more than a third of all cases of acute gastrointestinal illness -- diarrhea with or without vomiting -- are caused by food-borne organisms, according to the centers' data.
Mr. Edwards came out of retirement as a guest artist with the Royal Ballet in June 1998 to play the frail and tottering Red King in ''Checkmate,'' a balletic allegory about chess, revived in honor of the 100th birthday of its choreographer, Dame Ninette de Valois.
The work was executed by the Wiener Werkstätte, that group of artists and designers who produced everything from paintings to teaspoons in Vienna around 1900.
President Bush threatened today to veto the patients' rights bill now on the Senate floor.
''Very nice,'' replied the smiling executive, Lyn Ravert, a senior manager with Cubic Transportation Systems of San Diego.
Six years ago, Steven C. Rosenthal, now 34, quit his engineering job at AT&T to start a nonprofit humanitarian organization, Cross-Cultural Solutions, in White Plains.
But nothing was more confusing than the accounts of the politicians themselves about the gravity of the threat.
Still, the first night with her daughter away wasn't easy.
That is because many airlines are eliminating most meal service, except on international flights.
The company, which is based in New York, expects fourth-quarter revenue to decline from year-earlier sales, although it was not more specific.
This situation has caused anger and frustration among Islamic fundamentalists in Pakistan, the tiny but well organized minority that enjoyed Western patronage during the anti-Soviet war in Afghanistan.
For example, the White House is already discussing economic aid or help in developing legal and commercial systems that would make Russia more attractive to foreign investors, many of whom fled after the economic crisis in 1998.
Donna Hanover's side fought a court order of silence, enabling her lawyer to go before the press and accuse the mayor of ''flaunting his mistress.''
He played in the World Series for the first time in his 12-year career, and the season was satisfying.
Mr. Florio believes Mr. DiFrancesco has the best of all worlds.
The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index dropped 9.71 points, or 0.8 percent, to 1,257.94, while the Dow Jones industrial average slipped 5.65 points, to 10,636.88.
Down to the minute, this has been the most anticipated thing in my life.
Reading the eight critical essays in this issue constitutes a survey of what happened to the arts in New York and the United States after Sept. 11.
''I think Pakistan is going to have some luck, and we have not had luck for 50 years,'' Mr. Abbasi said.
Added up, Mr. Lombardi of the Port Authority said, the total came to about 1,176,000 tons of debris, including about 285,000 tons of steel.
''It was around $450,'' Mr. Kolins says, deadpan.
But in a memo posted on Hewlett-Packard's internal Web site and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Hewlett-Packard said it ''will continue to make decisions that may involve further reductions in staffing levels in defined areas of the company.''
Schütz's ''Ehre sei dir Christe''; Victoria's ''Popule Meus''; Palestrina's ''Vexilla Regis''; Gluck's ''De Profundis''; and other works; AmorArtis Chamber Choir; Johannes Somary, conductor.
To the Sports Editor: Having been a department chairman for 17 years and also having served on numerous search committees, I can say that the kind of inaccuracies that were found in George O'Leary's résumé are not uncommon in academia.
In return for his guilty plea, the government agreed not to seek the death penalty against Mr. Hanssen, a 25-year veteran of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and a counterintelligence expert.
The most prominent voice was heard last week when Yale University's president called for colleges to end the popular procedure.
He said he welcomed the attorney general's investigation and supported the reforms he proposed, including centralized bidding and procurement practices.
Any chance of dealing Fleury now has ended, along with any chance to trade Richter, and the Rangers are left with a makeshift lineup that includes putting Valery Kamensky back on a line with Messier and Adam Graves, with Graves switching over to right wing to take Fleury's place.
Mr. Leiweke showed his mettle one cool morning in early September at Los Angeles City Hall, where after two years of negotiation the city council was expected to give the $1 billion sports and entertainment district the green light.
To the Editor: Once again Michael Kimmelman and The New York Times have chosen to glorify the work of an ''artist'' who, in the egotistical pursuit of ''art on the scale of the West,'' behaves like the environmental equivalent of a male chauvinist pig [''Inside a Lifelong Dream of Desert Light,'' April 8].
''I'm sure some Giants fans didn't know what to expect from me before this year, but I always knew what to expect,'' Williams said today.
It also pushed him into rethinking and complicating his art in ways he had already started to explore in Europe.
Since many of the students are logging on from computers at work or another tribal college, the courses feature few of the fancy graphics that could strain the capacity of slow computers.
The Shack at Ocho Rios, 3020 West Sixth Avenue, Amarillo, (806) 374-6522, specializes in Jamaican jerk dishes, but also serves fish, pasta and burgers.
We are particularly troubled by the numerous instances in which Mr. Clinton granted pardons or commutations without proper consultation with federal prosecutors, often to reward friends or political allies or gain future political advantage.
To the Editor: Re ''The Taliban Exits'' (editorial, Dec. 8): At this risky time in Afghanistan's history, the United States can help secure world peace by doing what it does best: nation building.
Rosh Hashana: First/Second Day -- Sept. 18-19 Tue.-Wed. Yom Kippur: Sept. 27 Thu.
The mayor made nice comments about her, too, late last year when she was named to the conservancy post.
Two defenders on him means a teammate is open.
Two weeks ago, representatives of several environmental groups appeared before the board to express their concerns about preserving open space, woodlands and wetlands, hoping that in the future the township might be able to protect land like the property that Villa Collina now occupies.
He has completed 59.7 percent of his passes for 1,745 yards, with 16 touchdowns against 7 interceptions.
At dinner, appetizers $8.50 to $19.50; pastas $19.50 to $26.50; entrees $19.50 to $39.50.
''Frida's Fiestas: Recipes and Reminiscences of Life With Frida Kahlo'' by Guadalupe Rivera and Marie-Pierre Colle (Clarkson Potter, 1994; $35) is filled with Post-it notes.
''Hopefully, I have as much success in a different uniform.''
Although the Giuliani administration said a sixth day could be added without any contract negotiations, Randi Weingarten, president of the United Federation of Teachers, hinted yesterday that she would make an issue of it.
Hollow fiber, if it can be perfected, could enable light to be pumped virtually unimpeded down tiny corridors of air stretching thousands of miles.
John DeStefano, the mayor of New Haven, worked in city government in administrative and finance jobs for 10 years before being elected.
He and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon seem to differ over how much territory and how many settlements Israel might give up for peace, and the future status of Jerusalem remains unclear.
A total of 528 dead foals have been delivered to the Gluck Equine Research Center in Lexington since April 28, many times higher than normal.
* PAT MARTINO TRIO, Iridium, 48 West 63rd Street, Manhattan, (212) 582-2121.
''I feel very cheated that we didn't get to see his best.
Regular citizens may be curious about who the culprit is, too.
An exhibition of 15 contemporary quilts -- from a contest sponsored by the museum -- opens on Saturday and continues through Jan. 13.
Mr. Kerik replied, ''No, we're still moving along in the investigation and have nothing new to report.''
And Anthony Peeler ripped off 13 points in the fourth quarter, including 3 of 4 3-pointers.
''I said, 'I'm sorry, I still love you, you're still one of my brothers, but you violated the code.'
Beloved husband of the late Dorothy (nee Cunniff).
Warren A. Nord prescribes a regimen of ''character education,'' emphasizing virtues like honesty, responsibility and mutual respect, while ''taking seriously'' the different moral points of view through which these are inevitably filtered.
''It's difficult for me,'' said Rivers, now Ewing's coach and once a role player on Ewing's team, the Knicks.
El Nivel, one of Mexico City's oldest cantinas, won't mix a michelada.
ON THE STREET AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS FESTIVAL, from 14th to 23rd Streets.
Enron's stock began to slide, and investors clamored for more information about the write-off.
They say silly, charming things.
Voltaire, for example, liked the idea of a state led by scholarly mandarins, chosen on the basis of intellectual merit in a strict examination system.
Analysts surveyed by First Call/ Thompson Financial estimated a loss of 30 cents a share.
Relentlessly singable melodies reinforce the message that longing brings people together rather than driving them apart.
The president can decide to lift financing restrictions on the other four countries, but not for Cuba.
Of the estimated 70,000 centenarians now living in the United States, only one, Ms. Ellis, was so public about being gay.
A flamingo, a pelican and a rare Humboldt penguin have succumbed to West Nile at the zoo since late August, and the virus is suspected in the death of a second Humboldt penguin.
But, boy, once that ball fell in, the guys perked up and started swinging.''
He was a good insurance broker: urbane and vigorous, and he could sell.
''Nobody wants to be the bad guy,'' he said.
That includes bright colors, gold and silver.
On March 20, legislators voted 12 to 2, with three abstentions, to establish the center in Farmingville.
Joslyn Chance, a native of Jamaica who earned a reputation as an aggressive batsman when he played competitively, agreed.
''His star was just about to light up,'' Mr. Corrente said.
Cook until plums are tender but not falling apart.
For instance, the military took over Pakistan again in 1999, after a decade-long experiment with parliamentary democracy.
The police had spotted the men in the industrial park in Shirley where the attack took place, and recorded the license plate of a van they were in.
Although many addicts start inhaling heroin, most quickly turn to injection because it the most economical way to achieve a high.
The countertops, cooking surfaces and appliances were at an unusable or even dangerous height for a seated chef, and cupboards and shelves were largely unreachable.
The president, Mr. Fleischer suggested, would make the final decision.
Other companies with which he appeared include La Scala, the Paris Opera, the Netherlands Opera, the Theatre de la Monnaie in Brussels, Lyric Opera of Chicago and the San Francisco Opera.
''There were a lot of frustrations dealing with various government agencies along the way,'' said Mr. Shilling, who would like to build another office tower near the waterfront.
Ground teams then converged in all-terrain vehicles.
In the pre-dawn hours, Mr. Schmidt and Chief Zisa said, a witness was found and was about to be questioned.
''On top of that, you try to bring your own personality.
Doing the show together for seven months, they formed a friendship that led to their making ''The Anniversary Party,'' a digital video film, which they wrote, produced, directed and starred in.
Their names, some given by Ms. Hakes and some by former owners, include Sky, Myia, Locca, Luxor, Blue Moon, Twizzy, Emma, Toby and Redford (as in Robert).
Everybody that talked to me about it, I told them I really wasn't interested in going back into government.''
The founders of Dragon Systems, James and Janet Baker, said today that they, too, would bid for Lernout's core businesses.
To the Editor: Re ''Many in G.O.P.
This part is like an abstract painting.
If it works as intended, the restoration will leave congregants feeling that they are returning to the space they left -- spruced up, certainly, but not fundamentally altered.
Now it's time to do it.''
He earns about $550 a week working at the two jobs, he said.
Tom.com, an In ternet start-up owned by the Hong Kong tycoon Li Ka-shing, is continuing to evolve into a traditional media company, buying Taiwan's largest business magazine publisher for $47.5 million.
Then came Soriano's homer in the ninth.
The bride, 28, and the bridegroom, 29, work for ABC News in New York.
Mr. Toledo's run for the office was his second in 13 months, after he dropped out of a tainted runoff election last year against Peru's former president, Alberto K. Fujimori, who oversaw a decade of corrupt and authoritarian rule, then left the country politically adrift when he fled into exile in November.
Sometimes value does not exceed cost.
's bid to sell its assets to AMR at a hearing earlier this month.
It might have been a slider.''
THERE'S no denying the queasy, almost sexual excitement that's part of the lure of serial-killer thrillers, and in her vivid and adept new novel, the Scottish writer Val McDermid delivers a serial-killer thriller that mounts in tension while at the same time making readers aware of their complicity in craving the grisly shocks the genre provides.
A group of independent election observers, the Alianza Cívica, issued a detailed report during Mr. Cervera's last campaign, in 1995, saying villagers were told that failing to vote the party ticket would mean no more fertilizer, no more cement, no more of the largess that was, for countless families, their only outside source of income.
On 43rd Street, sales began edging down in January.
Viewers willing to do a little searching have a wealth of other options.
''What is happening is quite remarkable, against all odds,'' said Dr. Ira Byock, who directs a program, financed by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, to improve care of the dying.
Leach was 38 when he accepted the Texas Tech job and nearly all the Oklahoma assistants aspire to be head coaches.
1 in the bimonthly rankings of American junior squash players released in February.
After the Cavs made it 86-84, Kidd brought the ball down with just over a minute to play and dribbled in the halfcourt.
Some of the models swayed to the music.
America Online has suspended Eric Keller, a top deal maker, pending an investigation of his involvement with PurchasePro.com, a troubled software company, executives close to the matter said yesterday.
The dogma of balance is fine as far as it goes, but it doesn't apply to everyone.
But at the offices of the War Resisters League at Lafayette and Bleecker Streets in Greenwich Village, there were neither pointed fingers nor easy answers the other day about the anguished revelations of wartime killings by former Senator Bob Kerrey, now the president of New School University in the same neighborhood.
Clicking on a keyword makes the video jump to the relevant point in a lecture, or students can rewind or fast-forward as they choose.
''I would think that this is killing him,'' said one person who worked with Showalter when he managed the Yankees.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made in his honor to the Alzheimer's Association of New York, 360 Lexington Avenue, New York, NY 10017.
Yet everything he cares about manages to find its way into his poems; they are capacious, hospitable and often rise to quietly ecstatic heights.
King Abdullah I was enthroned in what is now Jordan.
''We know this is what we're going to get all year, and we have to get used to it,'' Rangers Catcher Ivan Rodriguez said.
''He asked to be president of the D.N.C.,'' Mr. Ickes said, a title that would have to be created.
Floor debate on the Pentagon budget could begin as soon as Wednesday, though votes are not expected until Friday.
One would own 130 apartments in Venice, including a palazzo on the Grand Canal.
Colangelo has insisted that Kidd's arrest had nothing to do with the trade.
And in conclusion: ''It almost seems as though the Victorians left all that was best about them to the ungrateful generations that followed them, and that the evils of our times are our own invention.''
Announced west regional supervisor Mitch Sokol and east regional supervisor Brian Kohlscheen will assume new roles and, national supervisor Sonny Bowers will be a full-time pro scout.
In addition, a small show of architectural landmark photographs -- another of Mr. Sugimoto's continuing series -- is on view at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art through March 4.
On principle, he refuses money from contractors, unions and job seekers.
We had good discussions in Shanghai.
is transmitted by sexual contact.
B8 Money and Morale AID FROM ARABIC SPEAKERS Since making a call for help from Arabic and Farsi speakers, the F.B.I.
Leamon King, who ran the second leg on the United States 4x100-meter relay squad that won a gold medal at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics, died on Tuesday.
BLOW Directed by Ted Demme; written by David McKenna and Nick Cassavetes; director of photography, Ellen Kuras; edited by Kevin Tent; production designer, Michael Hanan; produced by Mr. Demme, Joel Stillerman and Denis Leary; released by New Line Cinema.
We haven't rolled over all winter.
The judge, CHARLES H. SOLOMON, began the day by trying to convince prospective jurors that the trial, which could last five weeks, was a not-to-be missed opportunity.
''I love putting things on tables,'' she says while giving a tour of her ornately wallpapered home.
Commander Hajji Muhammad Zaman, his automatic pistol in a shoulder holster, climbed a rickety ladder of logs to the roof of his mud-walled headquarters at midday today and grimly surveyed the array of dark ridgelines climbing to snowcapped peaks spread before him.
A10 Tributes to one of the tragic heroes, a passenger aboard the hijacked United Airlines Flight 93.
Italian Cooking 101 -- but it is surprising how many chefs saucing spaghetti around the city missed that class.
There were hints even before yesterday that Miss Grussner would be leaving.
In fact, AT&T is one of the largest competitors with the Bells in this area, making co-ownership of local properties an important issue in any possible deal.
Now, the vote will be conducted from March 12 to March 23.
Despite his high hopes, the show did not come together and is now being rewritten.
Sears, Roebuck and Wal-Mart each blamed cold, wet weather for slow sales of spring fashions and lawn and garden equipment.
At 7, he appeared onstage in his father's productions and the three brothers practiced calligraphy every day.
The conflict underscores a generational divide between some older Cuban immigrants who remember life in pre-revolution Cuba and take a hard line against Castro and some younger Cuban-Americans who have never lived on the island.
''The mayor has been quite clear on his willingness to address increased pay provided unions are willing to provide increased productivity,'' Mr. Hanley said.
Mr. Giuliani has behaved as if this were no big deal.
Mr. Betsky, 43, is the mastermind behind 35 exhibitions as the curator of architecture, design and digital products at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art.
In Egypt, President Hosni Mubarak, another leader walking the tightrope between his American backers and a sullen population, stayed mum.
They wonder whether the democratic government being led by President Fox has the political will to transform a culture of impunity into a system of law and order.
Its status as a high-growth company, generating the 30 percent annual earnings growth that Wall Street expects, looks increasingly doubtful, and it, too, has financial statements that are, at times, opaque.
But by late yesterday Exogenous was in her stall eating and resting as veterinarians monitored the swelling in her head.
Anna Louizos's set is just a backdrop with clocks and city images, two staircases and a few pieces of all-purpose furniture, including something that begins as a synthesizer and turns into a car seat.
But List was not a very original artist, and the conventionally proficient far outweighs the magical (Johnson).
''You know, the classic one with Laurence Olivier,'' Ms. DiDonato said.
The company's service manager, Glenn A. Boonstra, declined to specify the address, saying it had been turned over to the Federal Bureau of Investigation with the men's rental agreements.
A comedy of manners revolving around two European-American couples.
Christina Fernández's photographs are also made-for-the-camera theater.
Sears, Roebuck predicted that it would see sales declines in the low single digits.
Wilkens would not say what parts of Carter's game he asked him to improve.
He believes his own fastball generated the power necessary for the opposite-field home run; Alomar just happened to stick his bat in the flight path of the baseball.
General Motors has invested more than $1 billion in two auto plants in China so far.
In general, she seems to say, what animal intelligence teaches us about ourselves is that we're not as smart as we thought we were.
Any other themes you want to mention?
SINCE the air we breathe is free, why not our water, too?
It's one of the great affectations a man is allowed.''
''I apologized to Bob already.
Then comes Indigo Spires, a deep blue-violet.
''I paid $10,000 for my trailer; I paid $11,000 for my car,'' she said.
WARM-UP/DO NOW: Students respond “true” or “false” to the following questions, written on the board prior to class, by a show of hands: -Afghanistan is a country with many different ethnic groups.
For someone so deadly serious, MacAdams seems occasionally to take his research a little too lightly.
I mean, let's face it, George Hamilton isn't anybody who's going to stop forks between plate and mouth.
''I meant to get his name at a later time and failed to do so,'' the officer testified.
He looked away when he shook my hand and said ''Nice to meet you'' in a way that made it clear that he couldn't be less pleased.
Jacqueline LeClair, on oboe, briefly hinted at Mr. Coleman's wry saxophone tone.
DiPietro, 19, was called up late Friday from the Islanders' Chicago affiliate in the International Hockey League because their No.
But Russia itself has a vigorous conventional arms-export program to earn foreign currency.
Places to Stay In Wittenoom, Paul Fitzgerald, the friendly manager of the Wittenoom Guest House, (61-8) 9189-7060, Gregory Street, Wittenoom, 6752, will fill you in on Wittenoom history and the locals' legal tussle to keep their town alive.
But Dr. Okarma, who said he abandoned organized religion decades ago, added that the views might change when the benefits of cell therapy were realized.
That was the strongest indication yet that Steve Phillips, the Mets' general manager, and the agent Jeff Moorad have been negotiating to bring the free-agent outfielder Juan Gonzalez to the Mets.
The first play I did was in St. Ann's Church in Brooklyn Heights.
A group of influential Americans, including a former director of central intelligence, William H. Webster, helped to create the Nonproliferation Trust, a private company that has worked to win support and financing for a permanent repository in Russia for 10,000 tons of spent fuel from reactors operating outside the United States.
The environmental agency will hold public meetings on its review in Sacramento on Thursday; in Boston on July 17 and in Baton Rouge, La., on July 20.
Estée Lauder, the cosmetics and fragrance giant, said yesterday that it would delay the reintroduction of its much-anticipated gloss.com Web site because of softness in the United States retail market.
No fancy cooking schools, no apprenticeships in Europe.
(Explanations in boldface are by The New York Times.)
But American chefs, myself included, have taken the concept -- basically, slow cooking in fat -- and have used it to prepare all sorts of very lush ingredients.
The distribution of the entangled photons in this pattern was measured with highly sensitive photodetectors that registered their virtually simultaneous arrival.
All this came amid a torrent of songs -- rancheras, boleros, fados, tangos, cocktail jazz and lounge-lizard music -- studded with barbed political jokes.
Vivian has hawked Diesel jeans, Paul Mitchell hair potions and Le Sak bags, which are seeded throughout her virtual New York apartment in an online form of product placement.
Both writers offer more than a commentary on Houdini.
His previous marriage ended in divorce.
The Arch Capital Group, an insurance holding company based in Bermuda, has named Constantine Iordanou president of Arch Worldwide Insurance and Reinsurance Group.
If you don't already have a new home picked out, technology sites like CNET (www.cnet.com) and ZDNet (www.zdnet .com) offer online resources for comparing various Web host services, and most directory sites provide listings.
It now comes with an S.D.
Ms. Wharton argues that Hilton wasn't simply exploiting the political situation for personal profit (although he got loads of that as well); he was a true believer.
Six Flags has been publicizing the coming of Nitro since before the first shovel went into the ground here last August.
Sometime in the middle of that night, Nunez died.
In the last three months, he did not receive a single campaign contribution.
After all, the experience had made me feel ruthlessly greedy.
But all kids like music and I enjoy talking to them and playing for them.''
Joel Sybrowsky, 32, a telecommunications consultant from Provo, Utah, said that when he was flying from Salt Lake to Toronto the other day, he introduced himself to his seatmate and struck a pact before the plane left the ground.
The study was financed by the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy and commissioned in 1998.
The support was mutual: it was Mr. Adams who encouraged Mr. Marshall in his move away from purely electronic composition.
The merger would create a high-technology contract manufacturing company with more than $14 billion in revenue and factories in more than 20 countries.
The Guard and Reserve are mobilized.
The Penguins appeared headed toward another nightmarish outcome this afternoon at Mellon Arena after the Devils scored three goals before the game was 13 minutes old.
''I look for investor despair, because roaring bull markets usually erupt from despondency,'' he said.
The Mets appear close to signing one free agent: the right-hander Satoru Komiyama, who pitched for Manager Bobby Valentine in Japan in 1995.
The president's plan ''is not a plan for America's future,'' Mr. Daschle said.
The front-runner, Michael Portillo, has suddenly discovered that Conservatives are for Europe, though still against the euro.
Believed to be the key to why other particles have mass, the Higgs, if it exists, may be discovered by accelerators now operating or being built.
It was the night before Halloween, Devil's Night, and Mr. Tucker, 60, was spending it as he spends many nights, trying to catch as much sleep as he could before the train he was riding reached the end of the line.
Dr. Vermeule earned a master's degree in classical archaeology from Radcliffe in 1954 and a Ph.D. in Greek from Bryn Mawr in 1956.
On offense, they bring back eight starters, including Wayne Madkin, a fourth-year starter at quarterback.
The Settlement Housing Fund itself, which once built federally subsidized low-income rentals on urban renewal land or new apartments in vacant city-owned buildings, has taken the riskier approach of acquiring land before public assistance for new construction is assured.
The vast majority of New Yorkers make less than $40,000 per year.
MIA MACDONALD Brooklyn, March 12, 2001
It approved a proposal by Senator Tom Harkin, Democrat of Iowa, to raise spending on education by $224 billion in the next decade.
''My mom doesn't speak a word of English, but she wants me to work for the F.B.I.''
''You know what I couldn't believe?''
''They said, 'You have to come back, he has to stay in the hospital,' '' Mrs. Salmoni recalled.
He has become a solitary figure in the playoffs.
Mr. Bush's plan to re-evaluate nuclear reprocessing, in which nuclear waste is converted into reusable fuel, is also expected to draw attention to the industry.
He needs 19 homers in 42 games to tie the season record Mark McGwire set in 1998.
On the 10th, Woods was bedeviled again by short putts.
This illness is rare in people with healthy immune systems, and demand for pentamidine was normally low.
In a handwritten note, Mr. Kraus said: ''Mr.
His 14 consecutive victories equal a franchise record, tying Whitey Ford and Jack Chesbro.
For 70 years, a Congress led by the governing party rubber-stamped the all-powerful presidents' proposals.
In the West Bank, Israeli troops fired on a hill above the center of Hebron with shells and machine guns, witnesses and Palestinian security officials said.
Congress did not resort to the messy device of a catchall spending bill, as it had often done when it failed to pass separate bills for major operations of the government.
We are sort of going retro, but it's our heritage.''
Tomorrow night at 10:30, Sunday night at 8:30, the Knitting Factory, 74 Leonard Street, TriBeCa, (212) 219-3006.
The museum has locations in Toledo and Columbus, and has a COSI-on-Wheels program that operates throughout Ohio and in Kentucky, Indiana and West Virginia, the spokeswoman said.
His movements have an almost formal stiffness, arrogant and awkward at the same time.
BMW said it sold 220,000 cars in the first quarter, which included a surprisingly strong increase of 12 percent in the United States and 8 percent in Europe.
Eventually Yongzheng chose to place primary blame for the anti-Qing discontent on a formerly revered Confucian scholar named Lu Liuliang, already dead.
In the second study, Dr. David E. Bush, also of Johns Hopkins, and his colleagues reported that some heart attack patients were so convinced that they would never get better that they refused to take steps that would have aided their recoveries.
Every day, these companies get e-mail notes and mail from around the world.
The Irish Hunger Memorial is to be dedicated on March 17, 2002, joining the New York City Police Memorial and the Museum of Jewish Heritage -- A Living Memorial to the Holocaust in Battery Park City.
On a humid and breezy day, the crowds along the route were enormous for the first of two stages in Belgium.
In lieu of flowers, remembrances may be made to the Mount Auburn Hospital, 330 Mount Auburn Street, Cambridge, MA.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be sent to the Development Office of the 92nd Street YMHA, 1395 Lexington Avenue, NYC 10128.
The effect was ironic enough to let us know that Mr. Galliano is aware that society still slots women in the categories of Madonna and whore, and expects them to be both.
However, Mr. Ebner's associates have suggested that Investor, whose shares trade for 25 percent less than the market value of all of the stock it owns, should consider measures like buying back shares and then canceling them, or splitting the group into smaller investment companies.
Trying to explain how you might think you were probably looking at a murderer but decide the law would not permit you to convict him.
''Obviously, I am very much against smoking,'' Mr. Pataki said last Tuesday.
Nonetheless, some evidence is indisputable.
Los Angeles D. W. A. P. Power System, $1.4 billion of revenue bonds.
Mark Parrish of the Islanders apologized yesterday on the team's Web site for remarks he made about the team's fans after a 3-0 loss Tuesday night to Montreal, the fifth loss in the team's seven-game homestand.
The discussion here is ''not about seven first-grade kids,'' said Jim Levy, the adult chairman of the pack committee, ''it's about the image of discrimination.''
Mr. Schaap, who was born in Brooklyn and grew up in Freeport on Long Island, started his journalism career at age 15, writing sports articles for a dollar an hour at The Nassau Daily Review-Star.
''If you look at a lot of these disasters that have happened,'' he said, ''you do find a trail where you have related parties.''
He is also the president of the New York City division of the New York State Podiatric Medical Association.
But that was then, this is now, and the charge rings hollow.
So the women stay and cling to their routines, interrupted by spooky, sad reminders that the underlying order is gone.
Piled high near the pier were boxes of bottled water, soda, fruit drinks, snacks, peanut butter, apples, oranges, pears.
1 priority, the $1.35 trillion tax cut, was tucked safely away weeks ago, and lately there have been signs of progress on his education and faith-based initiatives.
A short book that came to light a century ago, it was re-issued by Beacon Press on July 4, the anniversary of Adams's and Jefferson's deaths.
It's up on 125th Street.
The combined firm would have approximately 500 lawyers worldwide, 125 of them in New York.
As a member of the Council since 1974, he has come to relish the regular routine of Mass at 7 and dinner at 6.
''I married at the age of 14 in order to get a home of my own,'' she later said.
But Mr. Fischer said the situation in Turkey ''was hardly to be anticipated by anyone's analysis.''
There were buzzes and drumbeats and a steady barrage of words.
Mr. Shiner's agent, Richard Schmenner, said this week that he had received no official word that his client was not expected back.
''I would conclude there was a struggle, and a heroic individual decided they were going to die anyway and, 'Let's bring the plane down here,' '' said Representative John P. Murtha, a Democrat who represents the area and serves on the Defense Appropriations Committee.
And, as Ms. Gaynes noted, the company had no choice but to take the plunge.
He also confesses he would like a normal job.
The president wanted to limit spending on these programs to a 4 percent increase.
The court ruled that parole must be limited to the unserved remainder of the sentence or five years, whichever is less.
And if there was an Olivia Newton-John out there for me -- well, let's just say that I never quite found her.
Levy's efforts over the last 22 months to recruit teachers, slash the board bureaucracy and use data to pinpoint strengths and weaknesses throughout the school system.
Diana Bristol, Lee's wife, was polite about it: because softneck garlic has small cloves and is mild, it's great for pressing and eating raw or sprinkling with basil on goat cheese.
The production, offered by the Workwith Dancers Company on Thursday night at Here, presented scenes from the life of this clairvoyant, who was known around the world as Madame Blavatsky.
To the Editor: Herbert Muschamp proposes that the forthcoming Lincoln Center project is an opportunity to continue a dialogue with Modernist architecture.
Perhaps I'm saying that we need more historians who will stick their neck out and say, ''Something has gotten us from here to there.''
Her expertise lies in marketing to women, and Ms. Passi Smalter said that she can use this experience to save clients money by providing efficient, targeted communication -- identifying consumers in the right market at the time they are ready to buy.
Terrorists involved in the Sept. 11 attacks left a long paper trail of bank accounts, credit cards and money transfers showing that they used the ordinary banking system with little scrutiny.
He refused to listen to music on CD's, or even on the radio.
So many of the group's regular investors wanted in on the show that Mr. Baruch had to draw names from a hat to pick the 200 lucky investors, each of whom put up $10,000.
My test truck, a Silverado 3500 4x4 Extended Cab LS (the model designations are enormous, too), loomed over traffic like a lifeguard crossing the kiddie pool.
A dagger (+) indicates that some bookstores report receiving bulk orders.
One official, Mark Rey, under secretary of agriculture for natural resources and environment, said the department wanted to reinvigorate mineral exploration in national forests while promoting environmental stewardship.
Sykora worked to the slot, took a pass from Elias, then wristed a shot past Turco before being slammed to the ice by Dallas's Brenden Morrow.
THURSDAY, 11:45 p.m. at Wetlands, a k a Wetlands Preserve, a k a the TriBeCa club that is closing Sept. 15 to make way for yet another set of condominiums.
The GLS sedan has disc brakes in front and drums in the rear.
But listen to Mr. Greenspan, and it becomes clear that his story is far from the fairy tales that made millionaires, at least for a while, of so many recent graduates who had the good fortune to cross paths with venture capitalists at just the right moment.
Hours: Mondays, and Thursdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Tuesdays and Wednesdays, 11 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. Free (Kimmelman).
The results of tests taken at the two locations were not available last night, Ms. Mullin said.
But the insistent denials of any significant death toll by local officials and the contradictory reports in some Chinese news media that hundreds have indeed died had become a study of creeping disorder in the state-run press.
A private eye and a poetry professor she meets while investigating a student's disappearance.
She was concentrating on a short story she was writing about her sister Nomi when a familiar voice intruded.
Kenneth Martin performed the ceremony at Our Lady of Mount Carmel Roman Catholic Church in Ridgewood, N.J.
Unlike in her French Open semifinal, Henin maintained her poise to pull it off.
This was his first concert in the new job.
He most certainly was not resigning.
DAZZLER: The Life and Times of Moss Hart.
She has brown hair and was wearing jeans and a blue shirt.
This skill has made him a success.
But it is good to have a full complement of those seminal pieces available for those who may have missed them previously, as well as for several articles, lectures and interviews unpublished until now.
''Our concern from Day 1 was never about whether we needed a new hall,'' said Rebecca W. Rimel, the president of the Pew Charitable Trusts in Philadelphia.
She was roundly criticized within the organization and by the news media.
In a cooperative research and development agreement announced yesterday, I.B.M.
The Flyers trail the Sabres, 3-2, in their four-of-seven-game first-round National Hockey League playoff series that resumes in Buffalo today.
About 1.4 million are under 6.
Mr. Perry alluded to the political pressure surrounding the bill at the news conference on Sunday when he announced the veto.
''It's absolutely chilling to see the person entrusted with enforcing our laws and defending our civil liberties showing so little concern for the Constitution and the Bill of Rights.''
''We need excitement in the store, and so far we haven't seen too many exciting new ideas.''
But critics complained that the measure would lead to rate increases.
''She understands the value of a good night's sleep,'' he said, ''and can speak to it from a highly professional level.''
A3 World Briefing A10 ARTS E1-8 DINING F1-10 Grape Harvest at Risk French vineyards are facing a shortage of labor to pick their grapes, with some predicting there may be no Beaujolais nouveau in November.
Joseph served in the U.S. Army.
Benton teamed up with two Hall of Fame quarterbacks, Sid Luckman on the Chicago Bears, then Bob Waterfield on the Cleveland and Los Angeles Rams.
WELCH-Helen L. Widow of Clifford F. Welch.
The car became available in Japan in 1997 and in the United States last year.
''When you're dealing with people who lie for a living, there's a great deal of drama inherent in that life,'' said Shaun Cassidy, an executive producer of the show.
Mindy Tucker, a spokeswoman for the Bush transition team who is working with Mr. Ashcroft, said Mr. Bush was convinced Mr. Ashcroft would be an excellent attorney general.
''So many pitches, it was really hard to stay in there mentally.''
Mike Huckabee of Arkansas has enjoyed mainly high job-approval ratings since he took office five years ago.
BY CAR: From New York City: Route 87 (New York State Thruway) to Exit 23 onto I-787.
''We knew that going in, that we weren't going to get 19 dot-coms,'' said Joseph Abruzzese, president for network sales at CBS, owned by Viacom.
Berard became an unrestricted free agent in the summer of 2000, when the Maple Leafs did not make him a conditional offer of $1.8 million.
''Because this was caused by such a disaster, everybody's broken-hearted,'' Ms. Bakke said.
They still need to win two of their final three games to avoid setting a club record for fewest victories in a season.
Bertolt Brecht was ''in attendance'' (her words), and I bet she was wonderful.
Does the geography allow it?
To fight with my head this time, not with my fist.''
Information: (44-20) 7942 2000, www.vam.ac.uk.
Last spring, the high school was closed for two days after a series of bomb threats and fights.
Eleanor possessed true beauty, style and grace.
His absence make him ineligible to receive matching money from the board.
John Wren, Chairman, Board of Regents, LICH Allan Gibofsky, M.D., J.D., President and CEO, LICH George Wahlert, Director, E. King Morgan, M.D.
Wielded by less expert or less responsible bureaucrats, however, the same procedures can ignore a patient's long-term welfare, or the judgment of providers about what type of care is needed.
On August 17, 2001 at the Quadrangle, Haverford, PA (since 1989).
DURING the last American air war, Kenneth Hogate Bacon was the voice of the Pentagon.
''I think it's a weakness that can be addressed.
Lynette Holloway (NYT) BROOKLYN: ARSONIST SENTENCED -- A group of city firefighters watched yesterday as a man was sentenced in Brooklyn Criminal Court to 20 years to life in prison for starting a 1999 office fire in which a firefighter was severely burned.
George W. Bush has gotten golden again.
But to our north, cigarette makers now have to turn over 50 percent of each pack to graphic representations of just what those hazards look like.
The four PC makers -- Legend Holdings, TCL International Holdings, Tsinghua Tongfang and Great Wall Cybertech -- account for 60 percent of the Chinese market, executives of the companies said.
Fox and Viacom filed the lawsuit to challenge the regulation that would force them to sell some of those stations.
But also booked there is the Joshua Redman Quartet (June 20), which is to perform its recently recorded suite, ''Passage of Time.''
This is the essential truth behind the president's proposal.
Quintasha lists all the things she loves about visiting her Fresh Air family: learning to swim, waking up and playing right away, playing with the dog, Leopold, who reminds her of the dog she used to have but had to give up, even tidying up before going out.
But for the most part he had devoted himself to keyboard works he could perform himself and music for the Philip Glass Ensemble, an idiosyncratic band of electric organs, reed instruments and a soprano vocalist singing solfège syllables and number sequences.
Asked after the hearing about that attack by Mr. Ashcroft, Mr. Leahy said he did not take the comments as directed against him or the committee.
Officer Conway, 34, faces up to a year in jail.
Mr. Lynch is one of the people who brought a federal lawsuit in which members of the black community and the American Civil Liberties Union have accused the city of 30 years of abuse in a deliberate policy of racial profiling.
87 was 15 when she, her 19-year-old sister and her mother were locked up at a motel.
In Europe, Mr. Bush is an unknown entity: He has visited only once as an adult (Italy, where his daughter was studying); knows none of the NATO leaders personally (though Prime Minister Tony Blair comes for a visit later this month); and his campaign declarations about pulling American troops out of the Balkans set off a diplomatic uproar, forcing Mr. Bush to say he would do nothing precipitate.
The amount of marketing money you have to spend on getting each new customer, it's almost more expensive than what the customers can bring in by signing up.''
RECOMMENDED DISHES: Artichoke soup with mushrooms, ''tidal pool'' seafood in broth, grilled quail with cheese flan, rabbit with cannelloni stuffed with dandelion and sheep's milk ricotta, scallops with artichokes and chickpea pappardelle, beef tasting menu (tongue and oxtail terrine, tripe stew with chipolata, roast marrow bone, grilled ribeye), chilled apricot soup, citrus tasting for two.
No vintage years listed; no Italian reds below $28.
''But do I think that the mansion and the Playboy organization and some of the executives do good works?
has turned a blind eye to Block's continued misconduct.''
They are already working with a kitchen designer, an interior designer and an architect.
A federal appeals panel ruled yesterday that the University of Michigan's law school could continue using affirmative action in admissions pending the appeal of a lower court ruling last week that its policy illegally considers applicants' race.
The coalition's founders included Visa and Mastercard, as well as the American Financial Services Association, which represents the credit card industry, and the American Bankers Association.
The bad news here begins with the economy, which stinks.
I continue to regard my decision as fair, humane and, believe me, importantly sustaining and life-affirming.)
Can we have a dance?''
For now, he seems to be in denial.
Not that Mr. Barenboim is simply trying to distract attention from the thorny issue raised by his performance during the summer: Wagner's relationship to the Nazis.
''It's fairly telling that an entrenched board feels the need to protect itself with intense litigation.''
said the order was needed to prevent future agreements that might squelch competition.
From a distance, the tangle of lines in her vibrantly colored canvases apes the style of Abstract Expressionism.
All I know is that Mr. Rumsfeld should be taken out of the running for homeland defense czar, if only because his department changed the RAID teams' name to WMD-CST.
When Charles Muirhead, then a 20-year-old British entrepreneur, was raising money for his first company, a software development firm, in 1996, he tried in vain to catch the ear of prominent venture capital firms in Silicon Valley.
He will be missed by his loving grandchildren, Joshua Michael Tavrow, Sara Hallie Tavrow, Clay Silver Katsky and Lee Silver Katsky.
Pizza Hut, part of Tricon Global Restaurants, said yesterday that it had begun searching for an agency to handle projects, separate from its main agency, the New York office of BBDO Worldwide, part of the Omnicom Group, which has handled the Pizza Hut account since 1987.
He was a friend, counselor, supporter and source of encouragement to us all.
ON THE PALISADES -- ''Kamp: Songs and Satire From Theresienstadt.''
''I said, 'I want one of those,' '' he recalled. ''
''Kids came calling for me at 9 o'clock in the morning wearing goggles,'' he said.
Everett also picked up his team-leading seventh stolen base -- one of two stolen bases for a team that entered the game with the fewest in the majors.
The scandal eventually forced Mr. Fujimori to flee to Japan, and Mr. Montesinos became a fugitive until he was captured in Venezuela in June.
Meanwhile, many veterans in the field will still play regularly on the PGA Tour, using past status and sponsor exemptions.
The preferred shares, valued at $725 million and representing an undisclosed minority stake in AOL Europe, will be entitled to a 6 percent annual return until April 2003 when they will be redeemed by AOL with cash or AOL Time Warner stock.
Piecework pay for making widgets will generally result in more widgets per hour worked.
The State of California has made a wonderful example of supply constraints in electric utilities.
''The chancellor said it is a tragedy and his heart goes out to the families,'' she said.
Its pain is all the creepier because of the indeterminacy of what happens and has happened to her.
That official is the prime minister himself, Hun Sen. No one has been arrested or charged in that attack.
Randall S. Perry, a graduate student of Dr. Ward's working with Dr. Becker's laboratory, found buckyballs in the British Columbia rocks at the Triassic-Jurassic boundary, but not above or below the boundary.
He had cooperated with Republicans in enacting a string of tough-on-crime laws that many minority lawmakers opposed.
The United States Anti-Doping Agency said yesterday that Kasper tested positive for the anabolic steroid methandienone during an out-of-competition test in Lake Placid, N.Y., on March 8.
Once car companies stop offering the profit-sapping zero-interest financing that has lured buyers into the showrooms, sales are likely to drop sharply.
Since Sept. 11, however, heightened security at the building has left the subway entrance closed.
They left in 2000 after the merger that morphed the agency into Lowe Lintas & Partners Worldwide, part of the Lowe Group division of the Interpublic Group of Companies.
''It's the being left to fend for oneself that's really frustrating.''
In his new ''Once Upon a Time in Chinese America .
Then it was off to Ivo a Trastevere, a neighborhood pizzeria with simple, good fare (our two pizzas, water, beer and tip came to $14.40), waiters who love children, and an unholy opening time of 5:30 p.m., allowing families who want a quick meal to get in and out before the regular crowd arrives.
There is, in fact, no need to flout the law.
As usual Ms. Marcovicci casts a spell.
A devoted Mets fan from Bethpage, on Long Island, he said that he had taken the admonition from the country's leaders to ''go back to the normalcy of your life.''
For Borough President: Many New York City officeholders facing term limits are looking for ways to extend their influence.
Other people who have lived in downtown Stamford tend to agree.
On Dec. 19, government soldiers were forced to withdraw from Balad town, 20 miles north of Mogadishu, after an attack by a private militia loyal to Muse Sudi Yalahow, another faction leader.
His wife, former Representative Marjorie Margolies-Mezvinsky, Democrat of Pennsylvania, was not charged.
While largely confirming impressions of how the crackdown came about, the documents detail internal arguments, the fears of the elderly leaders and the ways officials used those fears.
(Markham kicked off and had an extra point.)
''There are questions about how real this is,'' said one diplomat who spoke on condition of anonymity.
They're a real arrogant team.
There is literary content: static shots of the day's newspapers, page by page.
Online donors receive a free trial subscription to the crossword puzzle of The New York Times on the Web.
Sakic won the Smythe in 1996 and he would again be a candidate, along with Milan Hejduk, Patrick Roy, Rob Blake and Alex Tanguay.
Children who did not express remorse should be punished more severely, he said.
Hundreds of New Jersey residents were killed in the World Trade Center, and Ms. Olcott of Burgdorff noted -- ''horrible, but true'' -- this may lead to house sales.
Over the years, all kinds of petty crimes have been added to the list, giving the police enormous leeway.
Her quest for a new identity, if she ever really had one to lose, dominates Jennifer Egan's second novel, which is more insinuating than its movie-made premise might suggest.
The next day, Lobo was placed on injured reserve.
She and her husband lived two floors above the dead woman, but neighbors said that Ms. Douglas sometimes spent time in the apartment of a friend, Troy Lawson, 26, who lived one floor below Ms. Sejenko.
''I'd try every two years and just get the same rejection slips,'' he said.
Yet even if Democrats are ready for a fight, there's one big problem: Whom do they fight against?
Under the White House proposal, employers sued by patients could insist that such cases be handled in federal court.
Decent meals became a memory.
She has suggested that she may conduct parallel proceedings to consider both the merits of the proposed consent decree and the objections raised by officials of some of the states.
Toby Hall, a catcher in the Tampa Bay Devil Rays' system, homered and scored two runs to lead the United States to a 5-1 victory over the World team in the All-Star Futures game yesterday in Seattle.
This is not a trend Edwards is comfortable with.
''We live in a world that celebrates self-expression and individuality, and when there's only political despair and humiliation, that's when the potential for explosion is created.''
''Who are you, and why are you talking to me?''
They are the senior quarterback Brandon Doman, who has thrown 23 touchdown passes against 3 interceptions and whose efficiency rating is the country's second best.
''I was never under the illusion there would be no problems in America,'' said Dr. Saeed, noting he was ''morally obliged'' to dissent vociferously when he deemed his government wrong, as in the Persian Gulf war.
At the fifth school, Public School 161 in Harlem, a family has led the opposition.
At 16, my forehead full of acne, I spent summer nights in the constant company of the same six guys.
The boomer-dominated media, she added, have also shown little interest in the G.I.
''I don't think international opinion has any effect.
Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $30 to $90 (Brantley).
Everything has to be more in order.
Last year, a kilo (2.2 pounds) of the drug sold for $110; now it is as high as $500.
The imposingly titled final panel on Sunday night, ''Post-Classical Music and the Changing Marketplace,'' got down to an issue that may matter to New York composers more than today's lack of a common musical vernacular, namely, how to make a living.
She has her eye on a new play by Michael Frayn for next season.
''If we call a single publisher and basically tell them, as you say, if we have power, then if we dare say we change our purchasing activity based on their discount, the first call you get the next morning is the press,'' he said.
The other day I opened a scrapbook and found a snapshot of my parents -- Carl and Marie Sferrazza -- on a winter day in 1969.
The conference, sponsored by the Magazine Publishers of America and the American Society of Magazine Editors, continues through today at the Sheraton.
Memorial Mass at 11 AM, Monday, August 13, Sacred Heart Church in Kent.
He said he was criticized by his New Orleans congregation for using too much Hebrew.
It was the first full day of autumn and a lovely afternoon.
Though it sometimes seemed as if Mr. Costello's aesthetic weighed heavy on the project, Ms. von Otter said that the process was truly collaborative.
Sales at quick service restaurants like McDonald's and Taco Bell have been higher during the last three weeks, compared with the period a year earlier, according to NPD.
All of a sudden, we were engulfed by a tidal wave of black dust and chunks of rocklike particles.
There are no cars or people, nothing to complicate the scene, which is one reason Mr. Sims appreciates the work.
The movement toward modernism culminates with Mr. Antonioni in ''L'Avventura'' and ''The Eclipse,'' whose characters are trapped inside their own isolation in landscapes that have lost their capacity for spiritual nourishment.
Hasso's jumping on board something that's already there.''
Peter Navarro, a University of California at Irvine economist who works on energy issues, called the recommendation ''insulting'' to California.
But Satan would get his goal, as well as a second one, and he made Devils defenseman Brian Rafalski look foolish on both occasions.
It was a chicken-or-the-egg situation.
''The sound was terrible, I heard things about how the infidels were torturing us or something.
It was a classic Berlusconi moment, blending the beneficence of an Old World padrone with a more modern sense of media spin.
A shaky cease-fire is barely holding while the politicians try to agree on political changes to address the grievances of the Albanian minority and so pave the way for a rebel withdrawal and disarmament.
Still, the miner is sinewy and strong and humps bags of stone on his back, shovels rocks, repairs equipment in poor lighting and works on his feet all day.
Radicalized by the industry's cynicism, Kessler now favors dismantling, not regulating, the corporations that make and sell cigarettes.
Assuming that several acquisitions, including the $3 billion purchase of BET, had occurred a year ago, Viacom's revenue grew 6 percent, to $5.77 billion, from $5.44 billion in the period a year earlier.
A few hours before Mr. Shakur's shooting, Mr. Knight assaulted someone suspected of being a rival gang member at a casino here, a violation of his earlier probation for his 1992 assault of two rap artists at a Hollywood recording studio.
Since early August, when Gateway announced nearly 1,000 layoffs and the closing of its Dublin plant, Ireland has quickly come to doubt its faith in the technology sector.
Until then, Comforce, a staffing agency in Woodbury, N.Y., had conducted such investigations only if a client requested them.
Of those, he said, most pulled out when the landlord realized who the tenant would be.
Now, Mr. Williams comes by daily to check his e-mail and shop online for the parts he needs to finish rebuilding his 1964 Impala.
''They better get their act together before this happens again,'' said Ms. Briggs, the educational consultant.
He won the saber at the Intercollegiate Fencing Association championships and the N.C.A.A.
'' Occasionally, there was good news, as there was yesterday when M. J. Magbanua, after a journey that took her to two firehouses, found her friend, firefighter Daniel Murray, of Squad 18, injured but safe at a firehouse on Lafayette Street.
''It relaxed us,'' Seattle Manager Lou Piniella said.
Survived by her niece Judith Feuer and her nephew William Rosenberg, five great-nephews, one great-niece and several cousins.
The state now has a balance of $3.158 billion in the unemployment fund, which comes from taxes collected from workers and employers.
''When we passed the bill, we had to rely on a distribution network that didn't exist,'' former President Sarney says.
From a distance, the cluster of small one- and two-story stone buildings looks like a bucolic hamlet cut through by water channels.
He started buying shares of Arch Coal and Massey Energy, but wanted more certainty before purchasing more.
The reasons the government was not more single-minded in attacking Al Qaeda will be examined exhaustively and from every angle by Congress and others in the years ahead.
These medium-cut beauties have a splendid crust, soft interior and assertive seasoning.
17 to end the day at one over par, and after the ball tumbled into the hole, she fell flat on her back and looked skyward as if to say, ''Thank goodness.''
He also missed the first five games of the season with a strained lower back.
Today, there is not one town on the East End that does not have some land dispute.
That heralded the acceleration of Bush administration plans to go forward with a missile defense system, a step that Russia and China both oppose as destabilizing to the existing strategic balance.
Perhaps furniture is another category of merchandise in which online shoppers face the ''two steps forward, one step back'' experience of trying to become comfortable about making a major purchase on unfamiliar ground.
BASEBALL American League TAMPA BAY DEVIL RAYS--Called up RHP Rusty Meacham from Triple A Durham.
Thousands of the bees attacked Mr. Jennings as he tended his hives, then followed him as he got into his truck and drove to his house about a quarter mile away.
A full-sized sport utility vehicle belches nearly 11 tons of carbon dioxide a year, almost twice as much as the midsized cars that have long dominated the American road.
Over the years, radio restrictions were relaxed.
Ms. Bocek, who has since returned to Washington, was not available for comment.
And then there are all the amenities that make New York a global cultural attraction.
On being a designer: ''We fashion designers are pretty lucky.
''He always wanted people to think we didn't have a relationship.
Wall Street analysts remained skeptical that lenders or health care companies would snap up a deal that would value Visx at $32 a share, the price Mr. Icahn has mentioned.
Several investors, including Citigroup, have cut their ties to the company, but last week's problems drew the British government, newspaper commentators and pharmaceutical companies into an unusual consensus in support of Huntingdon.
At the Saturday rally, Mr. Khatami could only ask his youngest constituents -- the voting age is 15 -- to be patient.
Fill a large bowl with ice cubes, and set aside a smaller bowl that can hold finished cream.
Others were not (Bruce Weber in The New York Times called it ''gloomy and mundane'').
The top 10 Americans in the point standings after Sunday will automatically earn spots on the team.
The girlfriend, identified here only by her last name of Senguen, is now in a witness protection program, Mr. Nehm said.
In response to the Sept. 11 attacks, Congress pulled responsibility for aviation security out of the Federal Aviation Administration, which is part of the Transportation Department, and created a new agency that will also assume control of security for other modes of transportation.
Laughing, Leiter pumped his arms, slapped his glove in applause and trotted to the dugout.
It said so on the door.
Republicans and their allies hope to blunt or undo much of what President Clinton has sought to accomplish in a blizzard of last-minute orders, including rules to put millions of acres in national forests off limits to developments.
Here Giovanni Gabrieli of 16th-century Venice seems to have been raised up and brought forward into the concert hall.
Later scenes are set in the depths of the forest, subterranean caverns, wild craggy expanses and rocky cliffs bounded by pine forests.
After ''Fortune and Men's Eyes,'' Mr. Herbert went on to write 16 more plays, but few were given professional productions and none had the same success.
And now, the all-expense-paid trip.
Bernardo Fort-Brescia, a founder of Arquitectonica, based in Miami and New York, will speak of his firm's New York work on Nov. 8.
''The city looks kind of silly today, don't you think?''
''Everybody's requirements change three times a day,'' he said.
Martin and his housekeeper lead a combative existence -- her caustic manner barely covers her desire for her employer, who knows that she wants him and toys with her by keeping her on.
This one was a lot sloppier than the Super Bowl, with the Rams committing four turnovers and the Titans two.
On average, each person pays 235,800 yen ($1,940) a year for medicine, doctor visits and other care, 42 percent more than a decade ago.
The eighth volume of the ''Left Behind'' series, in which the forces of good battle the forces of evil after the rapture of the saved.
Both teams said the sequencing and interpretation of the human genome is a historic event and expressed pride in their accomplishments.
Of course, Mr. McCain has been enormously popular in Arizona.
You read the bios of these kids and you feel downright insecure -- almost the way St. John's felt after Duke made adjustments at halftime.
They have fallen a game behind Miami (32-20) and into the fourth-seeded position in the Eastern Conference playoff race.
At first glance, Pollack's model seems to be Gore Vidal.
''The whole system was built around an incorrect philosophy,'' said Jeffrey B. Karfunkle, an American who directs strategic and capital planning at Tyumen Oil, Russia's No.
If the fish is handled roughly, it will bruise or crack.
Dearest daddy and grandpa, your great spirit lives on in all of us, family and friends, who love and miss you.
My interest lay in describing the varied personal and political circumstances that shaped intellectuals' responses to the movement.
''If this process of withdrawal continues,'' Mr. Rove said, ''it's bad for conservatives, bad for Republicans but also bad for the country.
Pop open a bottle of Champagne and divide among the glasses.
But hospital executives were quick to point out that in mergers around the country in which clinical programs were combined, many embittered doctors left and programs fell apart.
The random nature of the procedure did not sit well with passengers whose previous edginess was only enhanced by the weekend incident.
It was Christmas 1989, and Michael Strahan was home after his first semester at Texas Southern University.
''I just don't see why anyone would think that this is against Islam,'' Mr. Abdullah said.
Looking back on the hearing, and his sister's words, Mr. Bailey said he had not often seen her so emotional.
Jane M. Swift of Massachusetts removed the head of security at Logan International Airport in Boston, where both jetliners that ultimately crashed into the World Trade Center took off.
THE baby was beautiful, Colleen Roland recalled, thinking back to the birth of her first child 18 years ago.
But because of the N.B.A.
No scientific result has ever been publicized with more hoopla than the partial completion of the Human Genome Project.
''Criminal charges were never filed against the four.
But in the country, life was different.
Analysts said there was little unexpected in what Yahoo had released.
But abandoned cars and trucks snarled traffic throughout the city, and dozens of intersections remained underwater as darkness fell.
But now everything has changed.
A former stripper with a penchant for red leather miniskirts and motorcycles might have expected a little trouble when she took a new job as mayor of a Colorado mining town.
I never thought that through before; thus, when word mavens muddle something up, we get it posterior backward, without the s. Deciding Usage: Evidence and Interpretation, by J. Stephen Sherwin (641 pp., paperback, University Press of America, $64.50).
Steeped in the verities of 1960's garage-rock, folk-rock and the Beatles, along with latter-day bands like the Replacements, the Figgs cling to the idea that songs are telegrams from the heart.
These days the six-million-acre park, consisting of private and state-owned land, covers almost 20 percent of New York State.
Lawyers for the justices and Colonel Dunbar cited past rulings in state courts that generally spare high-ranking government officials from facing questions in civil lawsuits about their official duties and actions.
All-Star team will fly on the other.
The Cross-Sound Cable Company, a subsidiary of TransÉnergie U.S. Ltd., submitted the new proposal yesterday afternoon to the Connecticut Siting Council, the regulatory body that rejected the previous application in March.
He expects that any new contract will be affected by the uncertain economy and will require tweaks to scheduling, the number of games carried, marketing and production.
Clemens said he has been around too long to concern himself with the perception of the trade or how Wells was pitching.
He quickened the stranger's consciousness with another draught from the flask.
The big problem I have with these books is that the authors think their personal experience has anything to teach society at large.
At the time, diocesan officials said the decision was made because of Mr. Castellano's notoriety and to avoid the suggestion that the church ''would be appearing to condone the alleged crime syndicate.''
Cheerfulness has creamy white petals surrounding a central rose-like cup flecked with yellow.
''They have low prices, large assortments of fashionable clothes, and they are the kind of company that department stores simply dread,'' said Kurt Barnard, president of Barnard Retail Trend report, a newsletter about the industry.
Even without financial incentives, experts say, many big consumers would take advantage of relaxed rules on diesel generation to escape high electric rates.
A weekend of events, including a parade, a five-kilometer run, a concert, games and sailing excursions.
''He was very friendly, extremely friendly,'' the shopkeeper said.
This makes it possible to bring the Kordas' horses, boarded at considerable expense more than an hour away, to the farm.
I'm trying to bring the uniform to American women.
The expected retail price is $129.95.
Then, for the rest of the weekend, Mr. Diver and the consultant worked to make sure employees were equipped to work out of their homes.
Senator Ron Wyden, an Oregon Democrat who was the main sponsor of a passenger-rights bill in 1999, has said he would reintroduce it this year.
''The best is yet to come!''
The Brother PT-1100 ($60) uses laminated tapes up to one-half-inch wide that resist water and heat.
One of the renovated building's original tenants, L'Oréal USA, which filled its space with perfumes, just moved to another building at Interchange 8A, leaving behind 300,000 square feet of space.
After living in Manhattan for 10 years, and then Atlanta and Boston, she was ready to return to New Jersey, where she met Mr. Schiffman in a hiking club in 1995, after both had left their previous marriages.
The bride wore a dress by John Galliano.
THE big trucks packed with cans of food and bags of grain arrive on Tuesdays at the West Side Campaign Against Hunger food pantry, a warren of basement rooms beneath the soaring white stones of the Church of St. Paul and St. Andrew, at West End Avenue and 86th Street.
His portfolio, worth $32,000 seven months ago, had shrunk to about $21,000.
The debate was prompted by news reports that the American Reform Judaism movement had recently called off its summer youth camps in Israel and that officials of the Maccabiah Games were considering an indefinite postponement of the quadrennial Jewish sporting event.
Twain wrote the story in 1876, originally for The Atlantic Monthly.
''Some people are concerned that this incident will change the character of the town,'' said First Selectman Sam Bartlett, a lifelong town resident.
Do not take the short road.
But, he said, the small increase could be attributed to the fact that there was no room on the buses to begin with.
Mr. Milburn made his announcement after the European Court of Justice ruled that patients had a right to treatment in other European Union countries if they faced ''undue delay'' at home.
While the attacks of Sept. 11 are not the outcome of the troubles in the peace process or a result of American support for Israel, Mr. Mubarak stressed, ''the deterioration of the peace process to the current regrettable stage and the lack of an active international leadership of the peace process have created a general public opinion in the Arab street that is antagonistic to the peace process.''
Liz Claiborne Inc., which makes clothing under the Claiborne, Elisabeth and Liz Claiborne names, plans a two-for-one split in its common stock in the form of a dividend.
and Electronic Data Systems on the first tier.
Brian Palmer, associate executive director of Coney Island Hospital, which offers ambitious translation services because its patients speak many languages, recalled an Italian-American teenager who translated for his ill grandmother.
The Department of Housing and Urban Development controls the home sales because previous owners had defaulted on government-backed loans.
Lilly is 25 years old, his dark hair is cut short and he has a boyish look -- the seeming gentleness, one hesitated to contemplate, of a sacrificial lamb.
It was stereotyped as a place where visitors could buy plenty of pottery, turquoise jewelry and paintings of canyons and sunsets, but not as a true cultural hub.
Although they were on hold, that might have been soothing to them and helped them, hopefully, as they waited to start their new lives.''
(''Naked City is gone,'' he said.
A United States district judge wrote in Friday's ruling that just by serving as an armed guard, Mr. Krysa ensured that prisoners could not escape persecution ''because of their race, religion or national origin.''
Best known for a novelized biography of his father titled One Foot in Heaven, Spence was the author of 15 published books and during his career wrote some 200 articles for such magazines as Saturday Evening Post, Look and Reader's Digest.
(This information can be found at www.usdoj.gov/victimcompensation/loss --calc.html) From those sums, under the terms of the statute that created the fund, Mr. Feinberg must deduct life insurance, pension and death benefits and government assistance.
''I was never allowed to buy military stuff before,'' said Mrs. Stauss, who lives in Flushing, Queens.
When he was supposed to stand in the back with the other kids, he'd see an empty seat in the front row and tell me he was going to take it.
The development is called the Estates at Great River.
The bride's great-grandfather Adolph S. Ochs bought The Times in 1896.
But Salvatore Castiglione, chief of the consumer services bureau for the New York State Department of Insurance, said public adjusters were ''an asset to many consumers,'' who may not have an ally in their insurance company.
99 Monmouth Street, Red Bank.
Then the act ends with an impassioned duet for Valentine and Raoul.
The more developed service is Microsoft's Passport, part of the evolving Microsoft strategy known as .NET My Services, aimed at offering secure ''user-centric'' Web services for consumers and businesses.
''Not only has someone conducted an act of war on us,'' Mr. Bush told reporters before meeting with the Congressional leaders, ''our economy has slowed way down, and this is an emergency.''
That Balkan success story should be rewarded -- by our support for Slovenia's admission to NATO.
An hour earlier, Collins had been touring one of the pediatric floors of the institute, where during the recent season, he would arrive unannounced and read stories to the children.
Script covered with lunatic markings.''
Because of the genuine dialogue taking place on the Senate floor, we are producing a workable bill that will be good for our children.
Perhaps it will, but I don't know that yet.''
''After the Willoughbrook Farm property, only about 200 more housing units can be built in Tinton Falls,'' she said.
There is also a section on the ravens.
But he appended a mild rebuke, saying that any security measures should be ''measured and proper in accordance with international law.''
The funeral will be held on Thursday, October 25, 2001 at 10:30 AM at The Church of Saint Charles in Monte Carlo.
I already have Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.5 and a large number of bookmarked Web sites within it.
Currently, 68 kinds of crimes are punishable by death, including 28 that are not violent.
He will have to rise to this moment differently, using his own voice in his own way to rally the city, manage it and keep it safe and financially sound.
Remove and drain on paper towels.
The attacks guarantee contraction, forecasters say, leading to an outright recession if the downturn continues through Christmas.
Guests included Senator Sam Nunn; Taylor Smith, owner of the Atlanta Falcons; and the bassist for the band R.E.M., Mike Mills, a childhood friend of Mr. McDuffie's.
''Just from things I've seen and hearing people talk.''
These students require special education services.
The NATO statement about the Kosovo raids left many questions unanswered, and the telephone at the office of the spokesman for the peacekeeping mission went unanswered today.
Open daily, 9 a.m. until an hour before sunset (081-8687080).
The 10-year Treasury note rose 14/32, to a price of 102 12/32.
This year, my mother and I looked at each other and said, ''Why have turkey?''
Ecuador's foreign minister, Heinz Moeller, said Friday that he feared that the ransom reportedly paid for the men's release would be used by the kidnappers ''to step up violence, perhaps other kidnappings or other crimes'' along Ecuador's northern border region.
It's easy to make a course unfair.
''It's been a very emotional weekend.
Hundreds of political workers remained in jail after security forces rounded up peaceful participants in a pro-democracy rally in Karachi.
For demonstration purposes, the Franklin factory loaded the device with a series of Sherlock Holmes stories and a medical reference book.
''This program,'' the summary continued, ''addresses real-life issues faced by these employees,'' like how to handle tax implications.
That concession, said Assemblyman Steven Sanders, a Manhattan Democrat whose district includes Waterside, ''was the pivotal agreement that made this deal successful.''
Sand of the Federal District Court in Manhattan, as the court ordered it to do.
System Skewed Toward the Wealthy Favoring the wealthy has become a habit in Washington for a couple of decades and may help explain why so many average Americans feel the government does not do much for them.
Though sports analogies are to some degree apt, ballet and sports are as unalike as like, and the likenesses are often exaggerated to confer a masculinity on male ballet dancers that smacks of apology: we're men because we do what they do -- masculinity by inference.
He was currently employed with Aon Corporation in New York City.
So why not its own Guggenheim Museum?
The Braves and Phillies begin a three-game series tomorrow in Atlanta.
Mr. Giuliani said earlier this week that he hoped to join Gov.
But Mr. Tucci, 54, said those slips made him impatient with himself.
The Nets are lodged near the bottom of the Eastern Conference, having lost 10 of their last 12 games and, for the second straight game, they allowed an opponent to outmuscle and out-hustle them under the basket.
It was unclear how much money, if any, Mr. Abdallah was able to steal from the people on that list, the authorities said.
When a Times reporter, carrying the Justice Department letter, interviewed townspeople, they sounded less certain about the Bayville terrorist.
She is not alone in believing that the French monopoly is responsible for France's shrinking share -- just 6 percent today -- of the global auction market.
''The other day, he got a cut on his head and it actually needed stitches,'' Baffert said.
His performance was such a coup that it became the lead story on every nightly news broadcast.
''If a person has worked hard and paid their dues, they shouldn't be kept back because of the color of their skin or ethnicity,'' said Mr. Currie.
His goal, a fellow theologian and friend, William Sloan Coffin, said, was not to become ''a splendid splinter.''
Stewart Baker, a former general counsel for the National Security Agency, argues that these early proposals are, in fact, measured, and based on law enforcement wish lists crafted to build broad support among lawmakers.
Senator Maria Cantwell, the Washington Democrat who last year spent millions of her high-tech fortune to unseat the Republican incumbent, Senator Slade Gorton, said the public is less concerned about people who use their own money than candidates who use other people's money, and then feel indebted.
He said that waiting through a jury verdict and perhaps an appeal could have delayed for years the money his client needs for medical treatment.
Russia's Tatiana Totmianina and Maxim Marinin finished second.
''The book market has been badly affected because Iraq was the best reading country in the Arab world.''
Mr. Valli has lightened up the day clothes, with low-riding pants that slopped over Barbie doll heels, and the best of his barely there cocktail dresses were gathered up one side with a drawstring.
If the roads seem smaller, it is only because you are sharing them with a new breed of giants.
Mr. Phoenix took a three-year break from acting when he was 15, traveling to Costa Rica with his father, where John Phoenix still lives on a ranch that was purchased for him by River.
They did not believe him since he could identify only one city in Iran, and it is at the border.
''E-mails are great, but walking e-mails are greater.''
But it is also clear that the deaths and the Navy's early handling of the crash, which occurred during a demonstration of emergency surfacing procedures for civilian passengers, have left their scars.
MatchNet moved in early March to dismiss Rabbi Boteach's lawsuit, denying all the accusations.
Senator Patrick J. Leahy, the Vermont Democrat who recently became the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, has long been known as a gentle and courteous adversary of the Republicans.
The community's religious practices, ascetic life and celibacy (not always meticulously observed) -- as well as the forceful but eccentric character of its first vorsteher (father superior), Conrad Beissel, and the erudition of his successor, Peter Miller -- made Ephrata a subject of renown among the 18th-century intelligentsia and attracted many visitors.
The younger Mr. Spann lived in a townhouse in a new family-oriented development in Manassas Park, Va., west of Washington.
''If it's a wildlife refuge, it's a refuge,'' said Senator Barbara Boxer, Democrat of California.
So far nothing is known about where the plane was coming from, where it was going, or the number of people aboard.
Set up the umbrella, spread out the blankets.
He went off the ice in pain after his legs became entangled with those of Toronto's Garry Valk as they fell to the ice following a collision along the boards in the Toronto zone.
Mr. Garcia took both the police and the fire exams, doing well on each.
There, in true Cocteau style, the mythical was played out in the realm of the ordinary.
Cisco Systems and Verizon said they were teaming up to provide high-speed Internet services for employees working at home.
It was just clownin', but he didn't like it.''
In 1986, the University of Virginia Medical Center stopped using Monokote on a construction project after learning that the asbestos content was ''unexpectedly close'' to federal limits, university officials said.
''He was able to secrete himself inside walls, distorting our search.
Meat eaters should consider the center-cut pork chop Milanese, juicy, braised chops crowned with tomato compote and served on a bed of arugula.
'' Among those lost on the flight, Ms. Jacques noted, was a large Dominican-American family that had moved from New York to Pennsylvania, where many have settled near Allentown.
It was during that road warrior start that the Ravens forged the cocksure attitude that has made them media spectacles this week.
In addition, Commander McAllister said the Coast Guard will patrol the shoreline near the Fort Wadsworth start location, which is closed to the public.
After graduating from Columbia Business School in 1989, Mr. Hadar went to work as an analyst at Sonnenblick-Goldman, a real estate investment bank, where he met Mr. Reiss.
Will the public glimpse a bohemian secret in some paint-encrusted corner?
For example, eleven Newport properties have city tax abatements, which contribute a total of $13.1 million a year to city coffers, but also save the developer -- and indirectly, the supposition goes, his tenants -- millions of dollars a year compared with what would be paid under standard property tax assessments.
And following the baby's birth, she experiences the myriad forms guilt and regret can take.
She said they planned a historically impeccable restoration.
''The people who we're meeting with these days are far more serious about building their business than the people we were meeting with a year ago.''
While prices vary by quality, a barrel -- or 42 gallons -- of crude oil sells today on average for about $30.
The currencies of Mexico and Chile also fell, as did the leading index on the Mexican stock market.
His wife, Carol Motyka Miller, a physical therapist who stands in the back near the coffee urn and cake that a caterer has donated, has jotted down topics they recalled from the notes, and he glances at the yellow paper in his hand.
''This could be a telecommunications network such as the Internet, logistic systems such as factory lines or public transport systems, or perhaps even the design of integrated circuits.''
''It just seems like to me that we don't want to be lending money and/or encourage the lending of money into a system in which the intention of the capital is never fulfilled,'' he said.
Many have retired and moved to Florida, Mr. Allen said, and the members' children, all born here, are not yearning to speak the language.
Superstitials are large-format, multimedia ads that load in the background as users browse a page, then appear when the user clicks to go to a new page.
''I think a lot of people are doing this on a low level,'' Ms. Berkner said.
An article in Business Day on Thursday about the copyright case brought against the publisher of ''The Wind Done Gone,'' which revisits the setting of Margaret Mitchell's ''Gone With the Wind,'' misidentified the lawyer who argued on behalf of the Mitchell estate.
More than a half-century later, Mr.
It seemed to mean everything.)
The Brooklyn bureau is one of the seven local charities supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund.
Predicted destination: St. Louis Cardinals
Like music and sculpting, the art of painting is also banned in Islam, and miniature drawing was almost exclusively practiced in non-Arab countries like Persia and India.
Visiting hours 2-5 and 7-10 PM.
We began one evening with crispy fried calamari, deep-fried and, yes, crisp, served with two dips, one mustardy, the other tomato-based.
In their new home, Mr. Lewis does housework and shopping and helps Mr. Chandler keep to a schedule; he also plays the gracious loser in the house's several amusements: Playstation, table tennis and billiards.
New York is functioning, but in a radically altered state.
Raising the price of gasoline might encourage drivers not to waste it.
It left me wishing I were immersed instead in the sublimated hallucinations of his novel ''The Name of the World.''
Donald T. DiFrancesco, asking that he urge Justice .
''Tremendous political courage will be needed to effect change.
McDonald's fell 25 cents, to $27.55, after it cut its 2001 earnings projection by 4 to 5 cents a share.
An administrative law judge with the National Labor Relations Board has ordered the Northrop Grumman Avondale shipyard near New Orleans to reinstate 22 workers whom the judge found were dismissed illegally from 1994 to 1997 for trying to unionize the shipyard's 4,000 workers.
He stood by the names of the Texas war dead, names set in granite in a quiet setting far removed from Big Tex's lampoon of life.
Wal-Mart and Kmart both exceeded estimates.
Ignorance of the law is no excuse when the law gives you a deal like that.
On Tuesday, Reese, a two-time Gold Glove winner, was sent from the Cincinnati Reds with pitcher Dennys Reyes to the Rockies for pitchers Gabe White and Luke Hudson.
Also survived by his sister, Genevieve Savio of New York City, five grandchildren, four great grandchildren and his loving friend, Helen Jacobs.
''I have a tremendous investment in the guild.
At least one prominent Democrat is thinking about running for the Helms seat: Secretary of State Elaine F. Marshall.
But is Bakst the right look for this unexotically savage ritual?
They marry, she lives in his harem and completes her metamorphosis into Supermom.
All three salads contain a diverse mix of the most tender, freshest ingredients.
Or Theater?,'' her quasi-fictional diary of text and nearly 800 pictures cued to musical themes, will make you feel you are in good company while flattering your intelligence.
One analyst, John R. McMillin of Prudential Securities, estimates that private-label products account for 5 percent to 8 percent of the groceries Wal-Mart sells in its supercenters -- discount stores combined with full-scale supermarkets.
Mr. Leroy said that two-thirds of the recalled bottles have already been found in warehouses.
''He doesn't mind if I take a few of his coins,'' Mrs. Doherty said.
''It's status quo around here to solve a problem every five minutes, and I can't do that without a team with real passion and optimism.''
As a reporter for Newsweek, The New York Herald Tribune and WNBC-TV, among others, Schaap played lacrosse against Jim Brown, introduced Muhammad Ali, then Cassius Clay, to Sugar Ray Robinson and dined with Bill Bradley at a Greek restaurant: ''The future presidential candidate drank so much ouzo he danced on a tabletop.''
The most important of those will probably be a second trading floor.
Mr. Gilmore has grandly christened his buildings between Fourth and Fifth Streets ''the Old Bank District.''
And he sends business their way, with the companies he invests in looking to J.P. Morgan Chase for loans and advice.
There's something sad about that.''
The offer, for $55 a share in cash, represented a 24 percent premium over Barrett's share price before the bid was made.
But there was no problem.
yesterday that he had bought 541,000 additional shares, or 1.4 percent, of AremisSoft, for $6.7 million on May 31 and June 1.
In Colorado Springs in 1998, a district official sent all teachers a letter suggesting that they make sure vending machines were turned off only for the half-hour before and after breakfast, to meet the Coke-imposed sales minimum of 70,000 cases a year.
Since his election victory last month, Governor-elect Jim McGreevey has been incessantly warning that the state faces a mounting deficit and has pointedly urged lawmakers to restrain their spending.
The two schools are the Roosevelt-Edison Charter School and the Emerson-Edison Junior Academy.
Of Floral Park, LI on December 23, 2001.
As long as we keep winning and keep putting up performances like this, our respect will come in due time.''
Musically the weekend programs were very mixed bags, and Mr. Sherry intentionally ordered the works on each to emphasize the stylistic differences.
In high school, he was one of 40 finalists in the Westinghouse Science Talent Search, for a geology project.
Memorial service Wednesday, June 6, 11 AM at St. John's On The Mountain in Bernardsville, NJ.
Fortunately, he doesn't break into song to explain his aching psyche, though he might as well.
The fiscal crisis could not have been solved without sacrifice shared by everyone -- the taxpayers, the municipal work force, the banks and politicians like Mr. Beame.
He added, ''It may cost you a bit more to fly, but then what is your time worth sitting in an airport, wondering whether your big commercial flight might be canceled at the last minute?''
Loews recently renovated Manhattan's former Summit Hotel and changed its name to the Metropolitan Hotel.
Oh yes, ''Someone Like You'' stars Charlize Theron as a bohemian free spirit with an incurable disease who snags a hunky, uptight advertising executive played by Keanu Reeves.
Diane Duff, executive director of the Alliance for Rail Competition, which represents companies like utilities and grain processors that rely on the railroads for bulk shipments, is skeptical of the board's commitment to furthering competition.
The indictment centers on the 1996 killing of Joseph Sodano, a former captain in the Bruno family who federal prosecutors say was executed by the family.
Water glasses were replenished frequently.
Moishe makes the cameraman wait while he searches the Bible for the specific reference that marks Jewish claim on the land.
But Don Walker, the president of the Harry Walker Agency, which represents Mr. Clinton, said that he had been asked to speak, not to perform.
The Attorneys and Staff of Loeb & Loeb LLP deeply regret the passing of our former partner Arthur A. Segall.
The airport then closed, they said, but was able to reopen at 6 p.m. A short time after the Port Authority's news conference, Mr. Giuliani held the third one of the day, telling reporters in South Ozone Park in Queens that he had used a magnifying glass to try to find snowplows in his airport pictures and that his criticisms were real.
Asked last week whether Mr. O'Neill should stay on, Mr. Lott said, ''That's the president's decision,'' and added that Mr. O'Neill ''needs to be careful with how he says what he believes.''
To recruit prospective spies, the C.I.A.
''This time because the conference was so important to us and to our history as a people who suffered from anti-Semitism and the Holocaust, we have gone beyond, to specific language,'' he said.
They grab an early lead, sprinkle in a few big hits and turn the game over to the three-headed beast in their bullpen.
Several are in their second decades with the virus, having survived the days when an AIDS diagnosis meant death.
We, and all his camp friends, loved him so.
She speaks her mind, bluntly sometimes and whimsically at other times.
We have a 10,000-foot runway, which is one of the longer ones.
He was handed the redistricting job in July after legislators failed to reach an agreement.
But the possible involvement of an army officer gave the Batumi case a measure of deadly seriousness, beyond its status as another example of how the smuggling of nuclear material has shifted to Central Asia.
It is sponsored by the chairmen of the Legislature's education committees, and backed by a coalition of nearly 60 nonprofit organizations throughout the state.
The site, a former coal transfer station for Brooklyn Union Gas, will require an environmental cleanup before any construction can begin.
(+) 4 88 WHO MOVED MY CHEESE?
She had been accused of lifting her skirt for one of the students, drawing him a lurid picture and rubbing the genitals of another student.
Justice Freedman made such a finding once before in the homeless families litigation, against a deputy mayor in the administration of David N. Dinkins.
But by challenging it with his threat to impose an emergency, Mr. Wahid may have given the military its biggest public relations lift in years.
''Our guys on the front line have to handle their guys, regardless of who is carrying the football.''
Uncle of Manya, Danny and Jeremy.
Postal inspectors are more accustomed to investigating mail theft and fraud than dealing with what are called ''prohibited mailings,'' like bombs, narcotics and child pornography.
In Confrey's high-velocity ''Dizzy Fingers'' (1923), Ms. Andjaparidze demonstrates what happens when a cultivated Russian-trained virtuoso connects with an American original once dubbed ''The People's Paderewski.''
Shielded by his parents from the hardships and worry of exile, Winberg at first recalls only his sense of adventure: ''I don't remember being scared.
Among the American men, Stephan Abas defeated Kripa Shankar of India, 8-1, at 119 pounds, but lost, 7-6, to Herman Kontoyev of Belarus.
I listened but took no notes to avoid any evidence of complicity.
Few will mourn the passing of Fresh Kills.
TAMPA BAY LIGHTNING--Assigned LW Ryan Tobler to Springfield of the AHL.
''I think the estate-tax fears are overblown,'' said Andrew S. Kligerman of Bear Stearns.
There's yoga aerobics, salsa yoga, a class that pitches itself as yoga for writers.
Maybe it never will be with precision.
Often frustrated, occasionally triumphant, they are models of persistence and perseverance.
''But I'm more than happy to work with any of the organizations in trying to promote the sport in whatever way I can and move it ahead.''
The Ailey troupe isn't revealing the substance of his lesson, which has been translated into dance by the choreographers Kwame Ross and Sathi Pillai-Colucci.
''He wants to come in at the start of the ninth.
He wore ties for a while, but it was the skinniest style around, literally a shoestring.
In 1868, he freed the slaves on his sugar plantation and invited them to help overthrow Spanish colonial rule.
It is just five doors away from the office of United States Representative Christopher Smith.
Ms. Gerstein, who is keeping her name, graduated cum laude from Harvard, where she received her law degree, also cum laude.
The difference between the old Islanders and the new Islanders is that they thought they could find a way to score one more time.
Friday at 7 p.m. Tickets: $12.
ELVIS IN THE MORNING By William F. Buckley Jr. 328 pages.
It takes a lot of staying power and patience and financial strength to work through a 10-year approval process in a Darien or a New Canaan.''
But the cells have an interesting political advantage: Dr. Gearhart derived them from fetuses that were aborted for the sake of the mother's health, not from the discarded embryos produced in fertility clinics.
''That premature assumption by defense lawyers can be one of the greatest obstacles to justice.''
Died on Friday, July 20 at her residence in Southern Pines, NC.
Colombia, they all agreed, was far more dangerous.
The highly publicized case was at first seen as a symbol of the dangers of arranging social encounters on the Internet, but over the years it became a cause célèbre for some who viewed Mr. Jovanovic as a victim of overzealous prosecution.
Ms. Hessing said she would like to see a New Jersey college stage her play.
The thought was that Jones took less money to stay with the Braves than he could have gained as a free agent next year, and the club, with a no-trade clause, could have protected Jones, a center fielder, from being sent elsewhere.
JIM MCKENZIE received a fighting major, an instigating minor, a misconduct and a game misconduct for his attempted fight with TIE DOMI, who later fought the Devils' RANDY MCKAY.
Graveside services Monday at Mt.
''The courts have started to look at whether or not someone has a reasonable basis to register that name.''
In addition to providing a space for laborers to gather, the building will house a job referral service, where employers can call and hire workers in advance rather than picking them up in the morning, and a biannual clothing drive to benefit laborers and other low-income people.
(NYT) SOUTHWEST TEXAS: O'HAIR KIDNAPPER SENTENCED -- David Waters, accused of devising a kidnapping scheme that ended in the murder of the atheist Madalyn Murray O'Hair and two family members, was sentenced to 20 years in prison on a federal extortion charge.
For the first time ever, he was blowing afterwards.''
''Although I was not born his daughter, he treated me as nothing less,'' said Michele Reitano, 33, as a thousand friends and relatives at a recent memorial service mourned Mr. Litto, 52, a vice president at Cantor Fitzgerald.
Muslims are a minority in the mostly Roman Catholic Philippines but are a majority in the islands where the Abu Sayyaf operates.
This season, Rivera broke 44 bats, including 5 in one game against the Toronto Blue Jays in July.
It was Coach Dennis Wolf's 100th career victory at B.U.
Merrill Lynch Scales Back in Japan Merrill Lynch is significantly scaling back its business in Japan after its retail operation, which sought to transform a nation of savers into a nation of investors, lost $600 million in three years.
In North Carolina, which has reported a substantial reduction in crashes involving 16-year-old drivers, the graduated licensing system was instituted in 1997.
Her friend has been staring at Beyoncé, transfixed.
It could extend the mayor's term, eliminate term limits so he could try for a third term, or simply do nothing.
Drinks at 6:30 will be followed by dinner and performances by Yolanda Adams and Gerald Levert.
Six of the unharmed tapestries were in storage and the other four were hanging on a southern wall.
And it will always amaze.
One of her few artist friends was Jim Hodges, who worked as caretaker and preparator at her Duane Street building in return for free studio space in the building's basement.
The killers were let in by the people inside, including a woman who lived there, the police said.
Six people affiliated with the prestigious Qinghua University here have been sentenced to prison for downloading material from the banned Falun Gong spiritual movement from the Internet and passing it along, a human rights group said on Sunday.
Securitization provided Green Tree with ready access to capital from the bond buyers, and that enabled it to finance as many loans as it wanted.
And even the story's saddest events seem to have their touches of show business whimsy.
Mr. Goffin told Mr. Neville that he didn't think that Ms. King and he had ever written ''a true rock 'n' roll song.''
The loss of the answer sheets was at the least a psychological hardship adding to the stress from the Sept. 11 terrorist attack, Mr. Furda said, and the university would take that into account.
The stories made a nicely contrasting pair.
''The public is getting more park sooner,'' said Jill Cremer, spokeswoman for the Trump Organization, which is creating the park along with 16 apartment buildings in its Riverside South project.
The Empire State Development Corporation in New York said yesterday that it would introduce a print campaign to stimulate interest in the city's cultural institutions after the terrorist attacks.
During various ice ages ocean water was sucked into icecaps and glaciers, thereby exposing land bridges between North America and other landmasses (mainly Asia and South America, occasionally even Europe), which beckoned invitingly to spillover fauna and flora from those other regions.
''We knew around the middle of May that this wasn't going to be stopped.
The monitoring board that released yesterday's study was created by Congress in 1997 and was intended to be a bipartisan group that would oversee the 2000 census.
And at times, plumes of this smoke are still carried across Lower Manhattan, into City Hall, down to Wall Street, and up through TriBeCa, a relentless reminder of that morning on Sept. 11.
Yet Dr. Shaikh said he knew only that they all seemed eager to find their footing in this country and get an education.
One is a verse from the Koran, a warning.
A judge, Yassmin Barrios, who was the victim of a grenade attack and received threats before the trial of four men convicted of murdering a Catholic bishop, has fled the country, a United Nations official said.
The final season at the old house ended in June with the last performance of ''Breath, Boom'' by Kia Corthron in the studio theater and ''The Credeaux Canvas'' by Keith Bunin on the main stage.
But both men worked during the same period, and both recognized Xangô -- or, in Puente's case Shangó; Puente was a practitioner of Santeria, the Puerto Rican version of the same Yoruban religion.
On the second goal, Danny Califf sent a long pass over the defense to the unmarked Hernandez, who scored his fourth goal in five games.
But the trade commission, should it rule against Unocal, could effectively strip the patents from the company, which has a market capitalization of about $8.6 billion.
Since then, negotiations have made little progress.
He began an informal league for boys in the Bronx in 1993, one which officially entered Little League as the Rolando Paulino All-Stars four years later.
There are six Republicans and seven Democrats in the House, as well as two Democrats in the Senate.
''He does not believe there should be a moratorium on charter schools,'' said the governor's spokeswoman, Kathy Walt.
Charmene Pickering's head flopped against her shoulder, witnesses said.
Long Islanders were scandalized by the revelation that the Suffolk County real estate director, Allan Grecco, had helped a business associate, Robert Toussie, to get from the county nearly twice what earlier appraisals suggested the environmentally sensitive Chandler Property in Mount Sinai was worth.
In part, Wen Ho Lee is an immigrant striver, one of 10 children of poor, uneducated farmers whose roots traced to Fujian province in China, across the strait from Taiwan.
That was it, Williams said, with a grand flourish.
It isn't going to bring Julie back.
Newcomers to Pocantico Hills may face increased competition for housing from the children of residents seeking to come back home.
Senator Grassley made clear that he was not enthusiastic about Mr. Bush's idea of drug benefits just for low-income people.
A NEW production of ''Die Frau Ohne Schatten,'' which opens at the Metropolitan Opera on Thursday evening, directed by Herbert Wernicke in his Met debut, will be the company's second.
In the three years of exile, La Scala will not go dark.
''And I've never seen anything like this.''
Memorial service Wednesday, June 6, 11 AM at St. John's On The Mountain in Bernardsville, NJ.
Grace often whispers to her children.
Just trying to help, apparently.
Two kimono-clad members of the staff rush to grab our bags and usher us to our room overlooking a snow-dusted garden.
In the ''Games and Ritual'' section, they can examine her prints of childhood pastimes and also play some of the games portrayed, like hopscotch.
Yet to come are difficult matches against Columbia, Penn, Brown and Tufts.
It did, and now she is intent on making its sounds better known.
''It's terrible out there,'' she said.
He decided to become an actor, and after graduation, he moved to New York to make the rounds.
For the full year, Kroger said it expected earnings of $1.34 a share, before extraordinary and one-time items, up 21 percent from a restated $1.11 the previous year.
Even if you disagree with Mr. Monti's opinion, however, his sincerity is not in doubt.
Online sales in the 1999 holiday season increased 125 percent over 1998.
Although the characters never quite come into focus, the movie still has the flavor of an epic mood piece (Holden).
Mr. Bloomberg has said he will stay in his town house on East 79th Street.
With a mad dash at the end, he captured his heat of the 1,500 meters in 3:45.77 and advanced to Saturday's final.
Farmer Jr. said today that more complete statistics on car searches by the state police prompted his surprising testimony Tuesday that racial profiling was continuing on the New Jersey Turnpike.
''There really is room on Long Island for other associations, not just the L.I.A.,'' he said.
plays on Christmas, which taking them away from their families.
And it is a mission about which I was informed and I authorized.
He based his hopes partly on travelers from Europe, such as divers who might have been planning a trip to the Red Sea but decide to visit the coral-rich Caribbean instead.
On Sept. 17, he voiced the same doubts.
A protein developed by Curis Inc. of Cambridge, Mass., stimulates bone growth and is used as an alternative to a bone graft to treat fractures that do not heal.
''We should again be part of the Northern Alliance.''
Asked by clamoring reporters if the answer was firm, Mullah Zaeef replied, ''This is the final decision.''
He said he was concerned that violence could erupt again during Mr. Selmi's funeral scheduled for this morning.
She had 43 unforced errors in her lackluster quarterfinal victory over Kim Clijsters and converted just 39 percent of her first serves against Sandrine Testud in the previous round.
Another player, Alice Weinreb, a flutist, was crucial throughout the discussion of Ravel's ''Daphnis et Chloé'' Suite No.
Mr. Peres was emphatic that Mr. Arafat must act.
The medal was accepted by Cardinal O'Connor's sister Mary Ward, who referred not only to the cardinal's opposition to abortion but also to the death penalty.
For Kodak, with its powerful brand name, globalization works.
Farm-raised shrimp have become a cash crop in Central America thanks to an almost unending appetite for them in the United States, Europe and Japan.
Flashing a warm smile, she tugs off her blue denim blazer.
Every office would have had a calendar of when to pull down their shades, a cataloging of various images that the World Trade Center could then turn itself into.''
''When I was a prosecutor, sometimes I had to respond to a really bad brief from appointed lawyers,'' he said.
Lynn Baker of Austin, Tex., won the women's teams with support from five players who had won world titles: Irina Levitina of Fair Lawn, N.J.; Karen McCallum of Exeter, N.H.; Kerri Sanborn of Stony Point, N.Y.; Jill Meyers of Santa Monica, Calif.; and Randi Montin of Napa, Calif. Second were five players from Manhattan: Gail Greenberg, Laurie Vogel, Lynne Tarnopol, Amalya Kearse and Jacqui Mitchell.
While wowing his colleagues, Sam curses himself for violating his wife's privacy, knowing full well there will be hell to pay.
The five-member majority strayed too far from their previous judicial judgments while hewing too closely to their publicly identifiable political leanings, he concludes.
But whodunit is only part of the mystery, and the second half of the film tries to explain why, how and with what consequences.
By chewing, suminia would have been able to eat tougher parts of the plants and to digest its meals more quickly.
The Atlanta Beat and the New York Power, first and second in the eight-team league, will meet twice in the next month, starting with a game here Thursday night.
The death could not be confirmed.
After flirting with buying out Schrager, Sternlicht unveiled his competing W hotels in 1998; he has 13 of them, including four in Manhattan and a Times Square property slated to open in September.
Beloved wife of Larry Winters.
Twenty-five others received long prison terms.
The story of Joseph and Kitty belongs in a sense to that large category that we could call Holocaust literature, since what Joseph has seen and what Kitty has not was the slaughter of the European Jews.
was responsible for the bombing of Omagh in 1998 that killed 29 people.
Fun-Ghoul's dozens of patriotic costumes -- Uncle Sam, Captain America and Wonder Woman -- were rented for the holiday.
Newspapers owned by closely held companies, like Newhouse and Hearst, are not exempt.
The memorandum sprang from an announcement in May of a $38 million gift to the museum by the Catherine B. Reynolds Foundation, on condition that it finance a hall of fame to honor American achievers.
Professor Petri said that by including such a provision in a Chilean-American trade deal, the administration might prepare the ground for compromises on labor and environmental standards that could win over some Democrats in Congress.
Who are you going to see?''
All of this, the Iraqis say, is symptomatic of how a decade of sanctions has reduced the people of this country, at least those lacking the privileges of a pampered elite, to lives of destitution.
The elaborate setting is the work of Matthew Yokobosky, the museum's exhibition's designer, whose résumé includes work as a curator.
AT&T has approached at least three of the nation's largest local telephone companies -- Verizon Communications, SBC Communications and BellSouth -- about buying its consumer and business telephone operations, people close to the companies said.
Chris Young led the Wolverines with a career-high 25 points.
But the main reason is that he wants to see his children.
There were all magnificent and you will not see their kind elsewhere.
This time, he rubbed elbows with the town's police chief, Robert Dawson Jr., 34.
''That was the real surprise,'' said Nick Dove of UBS Warburg, who rates the shares a hold.
Most feature the artist herself -- tall, lithe, crowned with luxuriant dreadlocks and nude or nearly so.
The task, Mr. O'Neill said, was to ''nick away'' at terrorists' ability to operate in the United States.
Loving mother of Lorette (Michael) and James (Patricia).
Israeli officials said the same of Mr. Arafat.
President Bush, a former oil executive, is a strong supporter of drilling in Alaska, but the package of tax breaks intended to encourage exploration goes far beyond the tax credits Mr. Bush mentioned in his own energy plan on the campaign trail.
Tonight at 11, with the singer Cuco Valoy and his band opening; admission is $10 before 10, $20 after.
Survived by sister, Rose, 102; children, Robert and Joyce, and four grandchildren.
Today at 7:30 p.m. Tickets: $20.
What is revealed is a belief about the iconoclastic function of art that is as religiously orthodox as the views being opposed.
Forte then hit two foul shots and a layup to seal the victory.
''Why shouldn't drug coverage also be universal?''
After casting his vote near the former royal residence, Vrana, Simeon told Bulgarian television that it was the first time he had ever voted, since he declined to vote in Spanish elections while in Madrid.
Radio stations say they are playing the song over and over because listeners keep requesting it.
The concert on Sunday looks at different ways dance rhythms have been used in classical music, ranging from a courtly dance suite by Couperin to contemporary works by Aaron Jay Kernis (''100 Greatest Dance Hits'') and Piazzolla (''Histoire du Tango'').
The tangle of cross-endorsing is a ritual in New York.
Congress Hall, with its tall colonnade and sprawling back lawn, is among the last of the grand shore hotels and until recently was mostly dormant and in need of repair.
Salman Rushdie pronounced him ''worth a thousand grizzled journofantasists'' (whatever those may be).
Used to be he only caught a sunrise by staying up all night.
The other, the Renaissance Ballroom, is owned by a group of partners that includes the Abyssinian Development Corporation, and has also struggled to find restoration money.
h. According to the article, what interest does the Taliban have in refugee boys?
If an officer is accused of, say, cursing at an inmate, he and his superior are required to file reports.
The Long and Short of It RICHARD A.
The great age of American golf-course building, remember, was also the great age of the American club -- that liniment- and tobacco-scented sanctuary, where men of similar class and interests took refuge from women and family.
At three schools, less than a majority of eligible parents had voted by last night; at a fourth, 51 percent voted, making defeat all but certain.
Thomas Doerflinger, an investment strategist at UBS Warburg, said the firm's dollar index, weighted for sales by American subsidiaries in foreign countries instead of by overall trade, had increased in each of the last 23 quarters.
Earlier this month, California regulators called on the federal commission, which has the mandate to ensure that electricity prices are ''just and reasonable,'' to order generators to refund $555 million of overcharges in December and January.
Most places include lunch with a full day of child care.
Black-uniformed security police officers stood outside the mosque but did not intervene.
Although billed as a primary, Tuesday's vote is an intraparty affair in which the public will have no direct say.
If that's the case then it's, ''What's wrong?''
That included a reported bonus of $12 million -- one of the largest for a player who elected to remain with the same team.
Adapted from Daniel Clowes's novel-length comic book, the evocation of teenage angst and grown-up despair doesn't require high drama to sustain a rarefied mood of comic melancholy.
in 1964 with a microphone planted in Mr. Blanton's kitchen, the defendant tells his wife about attending a Klan meeting ''when we planned the bomb.''
On the home front, the abrupt summer preview pressed the choice between air-conditioners and fans to the front of some domestic agendas.
It brings up an interesting question: is an endangered animal more than the sum of its genetic parts?
'If you watch TV, it seems like American women feel a lot of pressure to marry or to be in couples,'' says Shuko Sadamoto, a single 34-year-old economist.
''We did not stay focused.
The rest of us do what we can to like as many films as possible, and I find I can muster nine for 2001, without too much cheating.
Planetarium Shows: ''Moonwitch,'' 1 and 3 p.m.; ''Out and About in the Fall Sky,'' 2 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, through today; beginning Saturday, ''Santa Snork Saves the Seasons,'' 1 and 3 p.m.; '' 'Tis the Season,'' 2 p.m. Next Sunday, from 1 to 4 p.m., ''George Washington and the Battle of Trenton: The Revolution of an American Image,'' a public conference; free.
A compendium of mostly flattering photos and nonthreatening articles like ''The Best Hair in Hollywood,'' US had until last March been a monthly magazine.
WHAT is lost in this posturing is any grasp of the tragic.
South thought that his five-spade bid denied the spade king, which it would using denial cue-bids, but North believed that his partner held the spade king and leaped to seven diamonds.
We're both pledging to reduce the amount of nuclear weapons, offensive weapons, we have in order to make the world more secure.
Not in the insular world of the nation's top educational institution for the deaf.
Sports was not merely an entertainment to be reviewed, like the theater, or a destination to be recommended, like the Grand Canyon.
But she was working unaided on Jan. 8, 1998, the day of Mr. Cunningham's surgery.
Instead, she pulls him into an elaborate courtship dance that turns life in Paris into a game of Twister with a treasure hunt added to the mix.
Working in Germany until 1933, Lang made 15 movies, among them epic folk tales, spy thrillers that predated James Bond, and even a space adventure.
He had never been there before.
After hours, it traded as high as $18.
It's a technique I've been taught and I've never been warned by an official or told that it was anything illegal.''
Instead the talk was about God's mysterious ways and about what many saw as a divine signal that Jews had strayed from their faith in their own land.
As Mr. Winstanley said, ''The board tries to make people do what's right for the historic district, which in turn keeps up property values.''
Jim Dandy had what trainers call eggshell hooves, which are thinly walled and can be painful when running on fast tracks.
Let us assume that you get the biggest plain, enriched bagel analyzed by the United States Department of Agriculture, 4 1/2 inches in diameter, weighing 110 grams, about 3.8 ounces.
I got guys that can run, guys that can defend.
In fact, I found myself amused at many points, and generally awed by Vollmann's mad energy.
Fresh from this pilgrimage, I'd recommend this cat stay in the cupboard.
Mirabelli was filling in for the All-Star catcher Ivan Rodriguez, who was out of the lineup for the third time in four games because of a bruised left heel, and was later placed on the 15-day disabled list.
The sMaRT caPs 4.0 program for Windows 95, 98, Me, NT and 2000 helps prevent accidental Caps Lock activation, and Macintosh users can use Caps Off or KeyboardLock.
(+) 3 55 RICH DAD, POOR DAD, by Robert T. Kiyosaki with Sharon L. Lechter.
General Powell's speech at Tufts on Nov. 2 was one in a series of speeches by prominent leaders paid for by the Lebanese businessman Issam Fares, who is Lebanon's deputy prime minister.
''Everything's different, and you've got to accept that,'' Robson said.
''No, because there again, we don't give to a relief fund because somebody else did,'' he said.
The autobiography of a man who survived his mother's abuse.
''You have to lead well and compete well,'' she said.
Gazprom must pay $190 million by the end of December to regain a controlling stake in the gas producer, said Boris Fyodorov, a member of Gazprom's board.
In a matter of hours he was a national hero.
officials said foreigners normally did not have privacy rights unless they have achieved permanent resident status.
The NATO secretary general, Lord Robertson, said he had asked member countries to send more troops to Kosovo to help in the extra patrolling, although he said NATO would not seek to extend its mandate to operate inside Macedonia.
Getting concessions from Mr. Quattrone, who oversees the technology investment banking operations on the West Coast, and his team of about 300 has been a priority for Mr. Mack since he joined First Boston, the investment banking unit of the Credit Suisse Group, in July.
But that advantage does not necessarily apply to the smaller chains.
The move yesterday culminated a round of legal sparring this week in what was once a quiet dispute confined to the pediatric offices where formula companies seek to win the loyalties of doctors who help mothers decide what to feed their babies.
Or it could be because Canadian journalists strongly influence the trophy voting, as others might think, to the exclusion of deserving Europeans.
I don't think that was a good story.
While increased government spending will help keep the economy from a free fall, Mr. Chang said that any recovery in technology must be led by burgeoning capital spending by corporations on these goods.
It was, in Mr. Bush's stated view, a transcontinental listening tour, the beginning of ''consultations'' -- a word he used time and again -- that would embrace all the important issues and carry through the duration of his presidency.
The Sooners were automatically crowned national champions in the coaches' poll under the Bowl Championship Series format and awaited the release early this morning of the Associated Press news media poll, which was expected to confirm the Sooners as undisputed champions.
At the United Nations Children's Fund, for example, the total budget for childhood vaccinations is only $100 million a year.
The Frist's Art Deco exterior and colorful banners give a finished look to Broadway, an undulating boulevard that begins with the honky-tonks near the Cumberland River and travels past the wonderful stone arches of the 1877 Customs House and the 1900 Union Station Hotel.
As the Knicks' 17-point lead slipped away and then disappeared in a rash of turnovers and defensive lapses, Mark Jackson heard a familiar voice pounding in his head.
The trend is also significant to concessionaires, the private companies that manage lodges and many other services for tourists in the parks.
''My mom has a friend who said that all the students in California walk around in bathing suits, so my mom keeps saying to me, 'Can you see yourself walking around in a bathing suit all the time?'
''I'm hurt, disappointed,'' said Baffert, who won a stay of the suspension June 22 in a California Superior Court and says he is committed to a legal fight, no matter how long and costly.
Lindros, 28, was expected to be re-examined Saturday morning in Los Angeles, where the Rangers play Saturday night.
-- her old flame, Nelson Sharpe.
''It doesn't seem right now that we can make a play to get momentum,'' Fassel said, ''and we can't stop them from making a play.''
SO FAR, SO GOOD -- With Kandahar's fall, Taliban forces that held 90 percent of Afghanistan just two months ago have been defeated.
''The U.S. Patent Office is, in my mind, very irresponsible in letting people patent a discovery rather than an invention,'' he said.
There are so many standouts in the section of the show titled ''New York People'' that it's hard to pick favorites, but certainly one of the cleverest is a 1951 portrait combining the profiles of George S. Kaufman and his collaborator for 24 years, Edna Ferber.
You can't just show up with a camera and some tap shoes.
''Manhunter'' has aged well, despite certain stylistic anachronisms -- Mr. Mann was at the height of his ''Miami Vice'' mode at the time.
State Highway 36 East, just before Sandy Hook and Gateway National Park.
He declined to sing for an interviewer, but he offered a little speech describing the contents of the song.
Nevertheless, he added, the copious publicity the guarantees generated -- much of it along the head-smacking lines of ''Is Hal Rosenbluth Crazy or What?''
In the past two years he sought to prevent votes on the minimum wage and gun control measures, a patients' bill of rights and other legislation pushed by Democrats, fearing that Republicans who voted no might be hurt in the election.
The Republican primary, in particular, could become a battle to define the future of a party that has been identified for three decades by its conservative colossus, Mr. Helms.
(Paulie abhors weakness; she equates it to being ''a girly, girly girl.'')
After deregulation, several competing companies entered the New Jersey market looking for customers.
The latest draft says that Europe stands ''at a crossroads, a defining moment in its existence'' and adds that a way must be found to bring the bloc closer to the people, especially the young.
Viewing at Farenga Funeral Home, 38-08 Ditmars Blvd, Astoria, today, 2-5 and 7-9 PM.
Members pay rent for their space.
''They are spread all over.
''Starting off with 30-percent-in-the-hole kind of deficit is very, very difficult.''
''We agree that the loan guarantee process should not be used to sustain airlines that were going out of business,'' he said.
''This was the gateway to the town, and what the landlord didn't understand was that you just don't invest in buildings, but in a community, as we did.
You might know the video phone by its defining features: poor sound, several seconds' delay between an anchor's question and a correspondent's answer, and a picture that often freezes while the voice talks on.
All he has is his money.''
Ramos is tied for second in the league with four assists, but perhaps a better measure of his impact is that he has been fouled 26 times in 7 games, the most in the league.
Napster also plans a summer start for its own subscription service.
In Washington, Salisbury, Kent, Canaan, and Sharon, many residents are wondering why they never received census forms by mail, and officials question how their towns could possibly have lost hundreds of people over the past decade as the 2000 census reported they did.
Last year, the drug generated $554 million in sales and Bayer had predicted that sales would top $800 million this year.
What concerns are specific to women and girls in the region?
Realism isn't very fun, in most circumstances.
Muslim leaders from Turkey to Malaysia and across the Middle East criticized the Taliban's actions.
Even Ward Littell, with his tortured conscience, shows more initiative than the weary, emotionally bruised melancholics who usually narrate hard-boiled crime fiction.
Chicago, April 23, 2001 The writer is an assistant professor of medicine, Northwestern University Medical School.
Her immediate survivors are a niece, Lucy Tanneyhill Cromwell of Mashpee; and a nephew, William Grandison Tanneyhill of Harwich, Mass.
The atmosphere at Augusta can produce special things.
's Daily List of Events'').
Was Giambi prepared to go to a team where he would not necessarily be as much of a leader as he was in Oakland?
He was made a partner in 1950 and served as executive vice president from 1978 to 1982.
(Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $25.)
Marist said the penalties, confirmed yesterday with the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference, followed N.C.A.A.
And while there are no hard data that show bullying on the increase, schools need to devise better ways to address it.
McKim, she said, would call out individual details from architectural books to his draftsmen, who developed the actual design; Mead was the business manager; and White, as his wild nightlife gradually took over, would make hurried sketches in his hideaway in Madison Square Garden.
But I had learned some things: that the tulip tree was not a relative of the tulip (of course, Ms. Stet already knew this), that poison ivy could torment me even in the wintertime and that one day, probably long after my death, the marshland I had passed through would be swamp and the swamp would be forest.
RICHARD NADER'S SUMMER DOO-WOP REUNION, Continental Airlines Arena, the Meadowlands, Route 120, East Rutherford, N.J., (201) 935-3900.
According to court records, the local police believed Mr. Petrole was responsible for distributing more than $1.5 million in Ecstasy and marijuana in Prince William County.
The three were a happy unit.
The plaintiffs cited everything from negligence on Mr. Combs's part to the emotional distress to lost wages they claimed to have suffered.
Clearly, her life is in overdrive.
& the late Mary (nee Daly), loving sister of Dorothy (Heffernan) McVeigh of Valatie, New York (formerly of Brooklyn), the late John J. Heffernan, Jr., the late William Heffernan and the late Anne Heffernan (Sr. Mary Jean, O.P.).
What should the regulators be doing?
Weeks This Last On Week Week List Fiction 1 1 1ST TO DIE, by James Patterson.
He was to receive 250,000 stock options in MatchNet, a British corporation with headquarters in Beverly Hills, Calif., that was preparing to sell stock on the Neuer Markt in Frankfurt, the German hub of the Internet boom.
Mr. Bush named no names, but countries that the United States considers in violation of the doctrine include Iraq, Somalia, Sudan and Syria.
Parks said the university's ''ranking system made them captive to the standardized testing'' and hurt the University of Georgia's chances to successfully appeal the case.
This hot, low-density matter pushes against the colder, denser matter left in the cloud, much as rocket exhaust accelerates a space shuttle in the opposite direction.
It may simply be a dream.
The vehicle they wanted would not be built.
But for those who believe in the hereafter no cost is too high to follow the command of Allah to fight against oppression.
''If you define it as getting rid of Osama bin Laden or disrupting Al Qaeda, you can have measures of success.
It is to be expected that from time to time a foreign power will adopt a truculent stance with respect to the United States and other nations.
In his New Year address this year, President Chen said China and Taiwan should begin ''the integration of our economies, trade and culture'' to gradually ''build a new framework of permanent peace and political integration.''
''I could live with that,'' Dr. Smith said.
Some fairs, in fact, have failed recently.
Sternbergia lutea, whose giant crocuslike flowers are as yellow as egg yolks, looked quite smashing next to black mondo grass.
They were about a statement made by the president's lawyer during a deposition about the relationship with a White House intern, in which the lawyer asserted, ''There is absolutely no sex of any kind.''
John Ashcroft told the Senate Judiciary Committee that if confirmed as attorney general he would not seek any opportunities to challenge the Supreme Court's ruling upholding abortion rights, which momentarily alarmed some of his supporters in the anti-abortion movement.
Senator Edward M. Kennedy, Democrat of Massachusetts, said: ''With the economic downturn, we need to be worried that more Americans will become uninsured.
The plan still must navigate the approval process.
Kenyon Martin and Golden State's Marc Jackson dueled early before injuries curtailed their seasons.
Two new scholarship programs, Cream of the Crop and the All-American Apple Pie Contest, are aimed at top-performing high school seniors, people who in the past might never have considered a food career.
Beloved wife of Charles Patrick.
It was not the absence of money that killed Mir but the transition to a political system in which the rulers must account for their spending to a democratically elected parliament, a free press, an opposition and, ultimately, the voting public.
Even at Microsoft, where, earlier this year, a top executive denounced open source as a threat to intellectual property, software developers say they see the value in open source's emphasis on collaborative work.
Unlike most of his teammates, Hayes would almost prefer that the Jets' big game Sunday against the New England Patriots take place somewhere else, someplace where the artificial carpet could help him predict what a kicked ball will do when it lands.
Montgomerie had three birdies on the back nine en route to a 54-hole total of 13-under 200.
''Think of 'Moulin Rouge' and Nicole Kidman -- so eye-popping,'' said Marin Hopper, a fashion consultant.
Oh, we pray for hope and we pray for justice, righteousness in our land.
The Canadiens ended a five-game road losing streak and improved to 4-0-1 in Atlanta.
Our nation's transition to an information-based, service-oriented economy has produced levels of wealth and income inequality not seen here since the 1920's.''
His works have been performed around the world.
And it is hard to avoid charges of inconsistency, since America has not sought punishment for worse dictators, like Jean-Claude (Baby Doc) Duvalier of Haiti or Mobutu Sese Seko of Zaire, but rather helped them find graceful exits.
So yes, the place is resilient, but that was demonstrated long before Sept. 11.
B2 Trails Across Europe FINDING BIN LADEN'S MONEY -- A far-reaching network of informal banking known as hawala, the Arabic word for trust, allows billions of dollars to flow worldwide unseen by regulators and Western investigators.
''Marcus,'' he said, with a stab at irony, ''has become one of our best workers and most unselfish players.''
If everything were to go the way he wanted, I asked, how would Carnegie Hall be different, say, five years from now?
Cherished grandfather of Kristi, Lisa, Marisa and Lia and longtime companion to Erika Pomper.
'' The lawsuit contended that the union and several of its officials had ''adopted a strategy of obstruction'' after the assault and had suppressed admissions of criminal behavior from police officers.
Lucent's wireline, or integrated network solutions, group will include its optical, data, switching and software businesses and the other group, called mobility solutions, will include Lucent's wireless business.
''Patience is her shining quality,'' said Kadir Bakti, 42, a pedicab driver, searching for the words to describe his devotion to Mrs. Megawati.
The quilts are sewn by hand and come in a variety of patterns.
And on four of the CD's 14 tracks, Dorothea Röschmann, a fine soprano, makes minor but necessary contributions.
''What has been lagging, unfortunately, is the speed of going through the approval process, and that is a concern because even after a power plant is certified, it takes at least two or three years to build it.''
But that mill closed, and now he spends weeknights on a cot in Utica.
BOLOGNA -- I loved your mother.
Under federal law, anyone wanting to drill oil wells, lay pipelines or build power plants has for decades been required to prepare an environmental impact statement clearing the project on environmental grounds.
The copy machine in Mount Sinai's library sat broken last summer, adorned with a sign explaining that its vendor had not been paid.
Since the terrorist attacks, said Barbara Haber, curator of books at the Schlesinger Library at Harvard University, ''people want to be together more -- they're cherishing the everyday.''
This dedication to hard work is why Agassi has thrived through his 15-year career while peers like Jim Courier have retired and Pete Sampras has started to show fissures in his game.
Other years, the critics groups strike out in every direction, and this has been one of those years.
It's nothing to do with Officer Price.
The Tate represents the extreme end of the tiresome trend among museums toward packaging art according to themes (contextualizing is the insider's creaky jargon), which betrays some distrust that the art might be able to speak for itself.
CELEBRATE BROOKLYN, Prospect Park Band Shell, Prospect Park West and Ninth Street, Park Slope.
But economic ministers are hoping that by tightening laws and recruiting a broader array of nations to cooperate in asset tracking, allies could not only seize more terrorist-related funds, but also make it difficult for people connected with terrorism to use banks for even routine transactions, like wire transfers or credit card use.
Mr. Ramirez exulted yesterday at the increase in Hispanic residency in New York, calling it central to his belief that Mr. Ferrer will get more than 40 percent of the vote in the Sept. 11 primary, thus avoiding the need for a runoff between the top two vote-getters.
Although Kreienkamp would not confirm the fee, he said that additional business gained through the Postal Service's association with the Tour -- almost entirely through Armstrong -- more than pays for the sponsorship.
Instead, she hangs out with her buddies on weekends, is invited to school dances and expects to go to the prom.
But in January, Aetna reported a 65 percent decline in fourth-quarter earnings.
The stuffed lion fell on the ground.
Last month, a bumper test by the institute found that the Liberty had the highest-cost damage among a group of four new or redesigned S.U.V.
From his sage advise to his unique perspectives on politics, business and world events, the world is diminished by Henry's absence.
Assemblyman David R. Townsend Jr., an upstate Republican, pointed out that a person pulled over by a police officer would only have to claim that he or she was calling a doctor to avoid a ticket.
This new game is not the game of many fans' fantasized youth, with Mikan and Cousy, Oscar and Russell, Bird and Magic, and even Jordan.
We can go through the national dialogue.
Then Mr. Beame mobilized a lobbying effort, Mr. Rudin said, to get help from Washington.
Her 10-year-old sister, whose name was not immediately released, was taken to Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center with head and neck injuries and was listed in stable condition, the officials said.
He took no questions, though he is expected to be quizzed on Thursday at a convention of newspaper editors here.
Code Disables Copyright Technology In the latest skirmish between code breakers and digital copyright holders, an anonymous programmer has published a piece of software on the Web that disables technology designed by Microsoft to regulate what consumers can do with music that they buy online.
The whole organism has expanded out into the world.
They can run on battery packs, which makes them portable.
This year, Cadillac is down 24 percent and is offering discount lease deals; Lincoln, off 16.5 percent, is providing interest-free loans.
Generic companies fill about 42 percent of all drug prescriptions in this country, but the price disparity with brand-name drugs is striking.
In one of the best antitrust opinions in years, a federal appeals court this week brought sudden clarity to the epic Microsoft case and delivered a ruling that will guide business practices in the shifting technology market.
''FREDDY GOT FINGERED,'' starring Tom Green.
A few steps away, Edward I. Koch, the former mayor, marched carrying a huge picture of the Rev.
It is not clear why the peace effort has stumbled so badly.
Since Mr. Ochoa's arrest in October 1999, his siblings resorted to a series of court appeals and a high-profile public relations campaign aimed at convincing Colombians of his innocence.
3 players, creating a cruise company that would surpass Carnival in capacity with 41 ships and 75,000 berths.
The festival starts at 4 p.m. Saturday at the Tweeter Center, 1 Harbour Boulevard, Camden.
And both Mr. Green and Mr. Ferrer, no matter where they spend their time, are often perceived in certain neighborhoods as not being there enough, interviews with some local leaders revealed.
''Only employers who retain responsibility for and make final medical decisions should be subject to suit,'' Mr. Bush said.
There was one thing she hadn't moved beyond: the feeling that they were young, and in love.
The government also offered testimony from 15 victims, family members, and other witnesses, who gave riveting and often emotional accounts of the devastation the bombing left in their lives.
''There is no doubt about this issue,'' he said in a 1998 speech.
You can give yourself to time.
Hours: Tuesdays through Fridays, 10:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, noon to 6 p.m.
The New York City Department of Sanitation celebrated the day -- by suspending garbage and recycling collection and street cleaning.
''I talked to Ed Wade, who said, 'I'm not doing anything right now.'
Confident that the crisis will subside, Mr. Mahdawi said he had tried to dissuade friends who had moved back to the Middle East.
(In case you needed a reminder, Diary, The Godfather himself is Beverly's boyfriend.
In 1986 the executive editor, A. M. Rosenthal, posted a long-awaited memo that read in part, ''The Times believes that 'Ms.'
It stopped in Djibouti to drop off American grain as part of a food aid shipment.
'Survivor' is really good television.''
'' In Jennifer McLaughlin's case, it is especially appropriate.
''But I'd say it's on the order of 2,000 to 10,000 a year.
Wrestling has a story line and plot twists as well.
The Bushes are the dull, self-preserving one.
To hold down the base price -- $16,695, including destination charge -- the option list is quite long.
Since the interest in changing campaign finance laws has grown, many states have enacted laws that try to place limits on donations, acting as prototypes for the federal government.
These men could be dismissed as unhinged zealots if they weren't part of an organized national movement linked by ideology and the Internet.
She has no need to look around.
The show, which played in Los Angeles earlier this year, follows the romantic misadventures of a boy, a girl and an ex, played by Mr. Hayes.
The clinic provides all health services; it even distributes hormones, which normally cost $100 to $200 a month or more on the black market, for no charge.
Connecticut Exits In Second Round Rashad Phillips scored 26 points and Willie Green had 25 to lead Detroit to a 67-61 victory over Connecticut at Storrs last night in the second round of the National Invitation Tournament.
A spokesman for AOL, Nicholas Graham, emphasized that the company has an internal recycling policy, adding, ''We think the number of people who are pleased to get the discs far outweighs those who are not pleased.''
The two-alarm blaze at the Cecil Hotel on West 118th Street took firefighters nearly 40 minutes to control.
But he sought something more -- the exposure and prestige of having one's name linked with social movers and shakers on ''these lists'' of grand benefactors, who do well by doing good.
As a mandolinist, he skillfully picks his way through bluegrass and Appalachian music.
Jeff Fogelson, the Seton Hall athletic director, said he would ask Allen to meet with Orr before deciding but added that the school would not hold Allen to his commitment if he changed his mind.
The project is costing about $20 million, of which $4.5 million went for the 200,000-square-foot building plus several adjacent properties.
Pentagon officials said most targets were not chosen by rebel troops, who are ill-trained in how to direct close-air support, but were identified through intelligence gathered by American satellites, reconnaissance aircraft like high-flying U-2's and drones.
After a while, the New Lost City Ramblers start singing an old song, ''Take Me Back to the Days of Childhood Play'': If I could only find my way back to yesterday, To the golden days of my childhood play, My life would be different.
With the collapse of the dot-com bubble and the general slowing of the economy, the advertising market was stagnant for most of the year even before the attacks.
Here he plays a Nevada policeman on the eve of retirement who pledges to the parents of a raped and murdered young girl that he will find her killer.
Federal trials, even in New York, do not mandate jury sequestration, though judges usually order it for important trials, like the embassy bombings cases.
But now that the developer is back with plans for a 10-story building, Mr. Allen has refined his aesthetic sensibilities.
The article about the Beach Bar nightclub in Hampton Bays [''The Party the Neighbors Weren't Invited To,'' Sept. 2] quotes the Southampton Town supervisor, Vincent Cannuscio, commenting that ''a typical summer bar in the Hamptons operates two nights a week on Fridays and Saturdays for a total of 20 to 30 days a year.
Proceeds from the two auctions will go mainly to charities for actors, although Gielgud, who owned Tibetan terriers, stipulated that some money also go to animal welfare organizations.
China and France also cautioned against haste, threatening to derail or stall Council action well beyond the June 3 deadline set by Britain, the sponsor of the resolution, and the United States.
Ever since the early 90's, Mr. Gatto has given Mr. Kennedy information about the department's activities in the watershed, which Mr. Kennedy has publicized in a series of reports blasting the city for failing to adequately protect its water.
Numerous traces of anthrax were found.
''This is a topless club in a residential area,'' said Mr. Klevansky, gesturing from his lush sod lawn toward the club's illuminated awning, which features a drawing of a bare-shouldered woman in a black bow tie.
The glory here came most spectacularly in the fourth act.
Ms. Rivera assumed control of Banana Kelly's day-to-day operations in 1991, and the organization seemed to flounder under her leadership.
Brewer might be walking with a limp and using a cane or a walking stick because of the leg injury he suffered jumping from the jailhouse roof.
COLLEGE CINCINNATI--Named Dave Baldwin offensive coordinator.
To President Bush, bipartisanship sometimes means standing next to a politician from the other party, saying nice things about him -- even inviting him over to the house -- but scrambling with a vengeance to outflank him on the issues.
''Abu Sayyaf is not just a Philippine problem,'' said the spokesman, Lt. Cmdr.
Reagan Airport lost $400,000 a day for the three weeks it was closed and is still losing substantial revenues, said Tara Hamilton, a spokeswoman for the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority, which also operates Dulles.
At the time, several City Council members and some residents objected to the expansion.
While Carter called the 32-year-old Piazza ''a great physical specimen'' and ''arguably the best-hitting catcher of all time,'' he said that the rigors of the position were starting to catch up with him and that most catchers hit a wall at 32 or 33.
''He was determined,'' Mrs. Baron said.
Consider some of our paradigmatic political figures.
''The second case was Larry Hisle and the Minnesota Twins,'' Moss said.
But others, like experts at the American Cancer Society, say the study is unconvincing.
The game began Tuesday night at Pacific Bell Park and lasted 5 hours 53 minutes, ending in the early hours yesterday with the Diamondbacks winning, 1-0.
''Rocco thought I was completely pulling his leg when I asked if I could buy the boulder out in his backyard,'' recalled Stacy Albanese of Building Conservation Associates Inc., consultants in historic preservation.
''P-Town has not seen an act like this is years and years and years,'' said Joe Pezzulo, owner of Tropical Joe's, who normally shuns drag shows.
After ''That Championship Season,'' Mr. Miller went on to act in other projects, including ''The Nickel Ride,'' a 1973 film, and ''The Dain Curse,'' a 1978 CBS mini-series based on the Dashiell Hammett novel.
For Mr. English, having employees overcome their fears is the priority, and the right thing to do to keep the business on track.
But only a handful of these studies have been published in peer-reviewed medical journals.
But York Coach Jackie Smith will not see more than a few minutes of the game.
No one stayed behind, of course, and an hour later we were on hard ground picnicking while watching shards of ice crack off the glacier's 160-foot front wall and splash mightily into a milky inlet of Argentino Lake.
He said he walked into the visa line of the United States Embassy in an undisclosed country, offering information about Mr. bin Laden to the Americans in return for protection.
It runs Microsoft's plan, and some employees there have also complained about aggressive brokerage tactics.
He said officials wanted to ''draw up the net as widely as possible and err on the conservative side and test and treat.''
Weekes made his remarks (by conference call) as the league's Diversity Task Force met Tuesday after the annual golf outing to benefit Ice Hockey in Harlem, one of the league's outreach programs.
Mr. Gournay said some of the old products would be reintroduced.
FOOTBALL National Football League BALTIMORE RAVENS--Agreed to terms with OL Casey Rabach on a three-year contract.
There were only about 22 on the team, so you had to play hurt.
His wife died of lung cancer, leaving him with three young children and working 12-hour days.
The Cold North Wind Corporation of Framingham, Mass., will create digital images of the paper, including news, sports, photographs and advertisements.
''Do you cover chicken when you fry it, Mama?''
He said three civilians were wounded.
''Gradually and slowly, the small ones will disappear,'' Mrs. Shin said.
So far, consumers have kept the economy growing, if only slightly, by continuing to take on more debt.
It would be good to see at least one of them sound as tough as Giuliani.''
''History is materializing in our hands,'' Culture Minister Farouk Hosni said at a news conference in nearby Alexandria at which Franck Goddio presented the results of a year of excavation.
Rightly, artists don't want to feel that they react like stimulated rats to the slightest shift in our circumstances.
From Vermeer's perfectionism and low output (only 35 paintings are known to have survived, and ''where most Dutch painters produced nearly 50 paintings a year, Vermeer created two or -- at the most -- three'') , Mr. Bailey speculates that he may have suffered from depression.
Democrats attacked it as a plan that would provide a tax-cut windfall to the wealthy and raid money needed to keep Medicare healthy and require cuts in the Agriculture, Commerce, Energy, Interior, Justice, Labor and Transportation Departments.
The transportation department owns the stretch of the trail from Farmington to the Massachusetts line, while the D.E.P.
They went to Japan to consult with the experts there.
The other thing that forever separates opera from whatever it is that Mr. Sondheim does might be called the words-music tilt.
My only regret is the wind conditions at Bighorn did not make for good TV.''
''We're all trying to put on a nice face, but it gets worse every day.''
Mr. Mortier, unlike his predecessors, truly had regard for the needs of his audience, of which a sizable portion does not speak German.
''We had a lot of access during the Clinton administration,'' he said.
Poor farmers, scythes in hand, stoop among brown stems.
Remember that the Mets lost two of three games last month when they played this same collection of players.
Marybeth Cully, a spokeswoman for the Bureau of Prisons, said Mr. McVeigh would be moved to the building that houses the death chamber before 7 a.m. Sunday.
GC Companies Inc., parent company of General Cinema Theaters, said yesterday that it had signed a letter of intent to sell the common equity in the reorganized company for $36.6 million to the Onex Corporation and the investment firm Oaktree Capital Management, after a bankruptcy filing.
One is a small painting by Antoine Watteau, titled ''The Romancer,'' a mysterious little vignette of sexual predation played out, commedia dell'arte style, in a sad, soft autumn light.
And straight off in the distance was a gray and white Coast Guard Port Security Unit, a 25-foot Boston Whaler with three crew members in camouflage whose orders were to protect the Mayor's Office of Emergency Management bunker at Pier 92 on the Hudson.
If you're an investment banker and you have skills, you can get places.
For the Japanese public, and for the families of the victims, these gentle final touches in the $60 million undersea recovery effort of the Japanese boat, the Ehime Maru -- one of the most costly and technologically difficult salvage operations ever undertaken -- went a long way toward restoring good will.
He borrowed money from friends and family.
CBS's has more time to tell its tale and to play out its lovely musical score.
Many other companies have also made such releases standard practice.
Despite the progress, health officials said they continued to be worried by significantly higher infection rates among blacks and Hispanics, especially in poor communities.
With their children grown and their spouses gone, the two hit it off.
Lehman (11-1) had the ball and an 8-point lead late in the first quarter after a touchdown by running back Matthew King.
As measured by the value of other Wilde items, the letter would probably be worth about $50,000, perhaps more if sold at auction.
The Garden Club still oversees the work, now being done by the Lawn's present landscape architect, Mary Hughes, who has begun a restoration of the Hopkins plan.
Other family members resisted, largely to retain the newspaper's independence.
On January 13, 2001, in her 90th year.
She is also conventionally pretty: blond and trim.
There are some gas stations, a few storage facilities and one long-standing business, Zinman Furs, at the far eastern end of the boulevard, which is actually in Pennsauken.
The Bush administration warned today that failure by Congress to pass an economic recovery package would endanger the prospects for a rebound next year, but it offered no compromises to break a partisan deadlock on Capitol Hill.
In each year of the current deals, the combined rating for CBS, NBC and ABC has risen, from a 2.9 in 1999, to a 3.0 last year to a 3.2 this year.
The most telling episode in the memoir, showing both Harlans' commitment to the ideal of equality, was labeled by Mrs. Harlan ''An Inspiring Inkstand.''
To the Editor: ''Traumatized Workers Look for Healing on the Job'' (Sept. 30) said many companies were depending on counselors in their employee assistance programs to address workplace fears after the terrorist attacks, ''which have hurt morale, and in some cases, productivity.''
Mr. DeHart, when told of the story, was not impressed by the capture up north.
Through the charitable trusts and private foundations created by Mrs. Zock and her late husband, significant annual contributions have been made to many and varied charities, educational institutions and local government projects.
A pair of sisters, named Dolor and Merced, figure briefly as objects of the husband's attention, but they remain paper thin and seem to have been chosen primarily for the foreign sound of their names, like characters who have wandered in from an Almodóvar film.
Here is an attractive ensemble by Zygote, an architectural design group in Paris.
Foreign investors are pouring in and Mozambique now has one of the world's fastest growing economies.
Labor leaders, however, say the resources are too scant to cover the dozens of endangered people.
''We worked very closely with the post office,'' said Mr. Wasdyke.
That is a fall of 5 percent and a rise of 5.26 percent.
Admission to the grounds is free on Saturday from 9 a.m. to noon and all day Tuesday.
These musicians researched university archives, the Library of Congress and the private precincts of individual collectors to find long out-of-print arrangements fortuitously set down before the era of recorded sound, when improvisation, not musical notation, was the norm.
A recently unveiled mosaic by Lawrence, commissioned by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority Arts for Transit, is on view in the Times Square Subway station.
Hours: Tuesday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.; Saturday and Sunday, noon to 5 p.m. (732) 932-7237.
Virginia's attorney general, Randolph A. Beales, said the state planned to ask the United States Supreme Court to review the case.
Almost everything in the letter was ''a joke,'' he said.
The New Yorkers went up for those funerals, and those from Massachusetts came down for the ones here.
Like the protagonists of ''L.A.
Imposing high standards without establishing a strong support system built on human and financial resources to ensure student success is unconscionable.
They are under the headings ''other white wine'' and ''other red wine.''
Mayor Phil Yerington said he would ask aldermen to approve an engineering study, costing up to $400,000, of the possibility of building a removable flood wall.
Mr. Barak, in turn, attacked what he said would be the ''extremism'' of a Sharon government, which would be ''dangerous to the country and inappropriate for us to join.''
''He said, 'Well, I'll buy you out,' '' Doubleday said.
But Ali Ahmeti, a rebel political leader, said in a statement that the amnesty proposal must be examined by ''international courts.''
He can be outrageous in the locker room, too.
But what drew my eye immediately was the view.
''The majority of the public still care about their diet and health, but there are definitely some subgroups that have just plain had it,'' said Ruth E. Patterson, a research associate at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center who led the study.
But until now, Mr. Green had never really been tested in this campaign.
Most surviving santos are from the late 19th and early 20th centuries, after which handmade santos gave way to mass-produced plaster and plastic statues.
He steers clear of butter, oil and fish in non-fillet form.
But on Tuesday evening the man again became tired and had to be reconnected to the ventilator.
He delights in taking visitors to the subbasement of the Freer, where the five folios of ''The Rose Garden Album'' that belong to the Freer are kept.
Other confirmed tenants, Mr. Goldstein said, are Bed Bath & Beyond, Staples, Marshall's, Circuit City and three restaurants: Olive Garden, Red Lobster and Boulder Creek Steakhouse.
His favorite locales included tourist resorts in Rhode Island and Massachusetts, fashionable places that helped make him a very prosperous painter.
Lucinda Rosenfeld's recent first novel ''What She Saw .
But mostly, Tim designs sound and suggests music for commercials.
3 is what it sounds like, a third water tunnel being built to increase water delivery to New York City.
In June, Turner was found partially liable for the fire that, in August 1998, nearly destroyed the Central Synagogue, a twin-domed landmark on East 55th Street.
To the Editor: Re ''Some Letters From I.R.S.
But he needed and deserved a shot at a top race team.
So it's got weird overtones for New York City, I think, as well.
''And had they done everything, it would not have changed the outcome.''
You will not see any play that delivers an audience to intermission with a more shivery discomfort, or that brings the audience back with a greater sense of uncertainty about what will happen next.
They also went 2 for 12 with runners in scoring position, and went 4 for 27 in the series.
Our policy makers should also certainly read their history more carefully.
The same law also provides aid to the county and imposes a state oversight board, the Nassau County Interim Finance Authority, known as NIFA.
Greene, the world record-holder in the 100 (9.79) and the reigning world and Olympic champion, matched the season's best time he set during the United States championships.
We would expect, if for some reason they were strained, that there may be different ways of doing that.''
But the feeling persists in ''Fiends Angelical'' that Mr. Taylor himself has not quite decided on who is who and what is what in the new piece, which spins out into space as a tightly constructed ritual and then ends abruptly and inconclusively.
Looking solely at performance in the years after the offerings, the records now are not much better.
There is an electoral strategy beneath the strutting, however.
Among many important initiatives he helped to bring to fruition at the University, we will especially remember his helpful advice and encouragement of our efforts to establish the Center for the Study of Physics and Biology in 1994.
March organizers said more than 5,000 farmers took part.
Olivares, taken out after allowing a one-out walk to Gary Sheffield in the sixth, was followed by Terry Mulholland, Bronson Arroyo and Jose Silva, who allowed a ninth-inning R.B.I.
Retail insurance companies are considering exclusions for terrorist damage, leaving property owners unable to buy the coverage they need.
But analysts agreed that it provided Nestle, of Vevey, Switzerland, which had more than $46 billion in sales in 1999, with a way of weaning itself away from dependence on comparatively slow-growth foods like candy while strengthening its hold on the promising pet food business.
Izzo forced him to sit out practice in the days leading into the tournament to preserve his energy, and Hutson was temporarily forced from Friday's game with cramps in both legs.
A few years ago Joan Collins did a real-life stint in the witness chair on Court TV when Random House sued her for submitting what it called an unpublishable manuscript.
Died October 9 from injuries sustained during the September 11 attack on the World Trade Center.
Two moderate Republican senators -- James M. Jeffords of Vermont and Lincoln D. Chafee of Rhode Island -- have declared in recent days that Mr. Bush's proposed tax cut is too expensive, and they stuck to their position even after a meeting between Andrew H. Card Jr., the White House chief of staff, and Senate centrists on Wednesday evening.
Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player are among the golf stars who will meet in the inaugural UBS Warburg Cup, a Ryder Cup-style international match play that will be played on Kiawah Island, S.C., in November.
He became tentative the next inning, refusing to throw his fastball.
Now, she said, they are likely to cut back.
''The medication issue is not really cut-and-dried,'' Ms. Gilbert said.
To the Editor: Re ''Homage to Balanchine'' (column, July 14): Anthony Lewis is right.
You can talk to anyone you see by clicking on the person, and eventually the game makes fun of you for doing so.
It has attracted a prodigious following among people who have chosen to repeat every day the one-sentence prayer that gives the book its title.
Mark Green, another Democrat, attended the Pakistan Day parade in Flatbush, Brooklyn.
Republican senators have expressed strong support, even those who, like Senator Robert C. Smith of New Hampshire, oppose the plan to drill for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, among other differences.
''The days of wine and roses are over,'' Gov.
On Aug. 31, the day she returned from a two-week vacation, Mrs. Stanek was handed a notice of termination and escorted from the building by a hospital official, she said.
Singapore had planned to auction four licenses for third-generation services in February and solicited companies overseas to compete with its three local cellular operators, all of which intend to bid.
He liked to tell interviewers that the musicians he hired were generally not big-name soloists but sidemen who were excellent readers and who worked especially well in sections.
''It really frightened the upper classes.''
Amazingly, Mr. Gulley related, there were no challengers.
By this spring, the dream couple had undergone a remarkable transformation.
''This is devastating,'' Torre said in a statement.
He played Charlie Ward and Howard Eisley together in the second quarter.
''We want to be here on that day the parents come back.''
''Now, everything is more competitive because everybody tightened up ship.''
Though she rules the station, her children, a beautiful pair of spoiled brats, get the better of her at home.
Within hours after the planes hit the World Trade Center, Home Depot executives got a call from the Federal Emergency Management Agency, which has developed a relationship with the company through Florida hurricanes.
White House officials walked on rhetorical eggshells in criticizing Mr. DeLay's request while trying not to antagonize Mr. DeLay, whose support is vital to the White House on virtually every major policy issue before Congress.
''I'm very excited and a little bit nervous,'' says the character, a Mr. Foley.
Where they are is possessing the best record in the tough Western Conference, 27-11, and the second-best record in the N.B.A., behind only the 76ers, whom they beat by 18 points on Wednesday in Philadelphia.
''If McGreevey wins, I envision a transition to be the same as Byrne and Kean, which is friendly and which leads to early appointments and early information being exchanged,'' said Harold Hodes, a Democratic lobbyist who was chief of staff to Gov.
The difference between winning and losing in that race is 385 votes.
It made me want to show everybody in New York that we're going to go out there and fight for them, too.''
The bond's yield, which moves in the opposite direction from the price, fell to 4.70 percent from 4.71 percent.
Some baseball people thought Ramirez, who is painfully shy, might suffer from leaving his comfortable confines in Cleveland, but he is more than earning the first installment of his $160 million contract.
Williams is averaging 21.6 points.
Mr. von Trier invited Mr. Levring to make a Dogma film partly from fondness -- ''the only thing I can't forgive Kristian for is being rich,'' he cracks -- but mostly for the same reason Mr. Levring wanted to make one, because it would be such a radical departure from his usual work.
The Concordes are a tiny portion of the fleets of British Airways and Air France but showpieces nonetheless.
Jones, who turns 27 next month, had 3 1/2 sacks last season and finished his Giants career with 15 sacks.
The tournament has received early commitments from Vijay Singh, Lee Janzen, Sergio Garcia, Nick Faldo, Jim Furyk, Tom Lehman, Michael Campbell and Pierre Fulke.
None of the boxes were long enough to store a whole baguette.
The agency also created advertisements that were in print publications on Monday to signify the company's first day as an independent agency.
Last year the Giants did not win a game in their preseason before making a Super Bowl run.
Mr. Mehling says that he was fired for telling New York Life executives that he had uncovered their ''scheme to strip money out of the pension plan.''
Banc of America Securities, one of the 25 primary dealers that trade directly with the Federal Reserve, is moving its Treasury trading desk to New York from San Francisco.
He contributed to professional journals and was the author or editor of several books.
Then 30 lots flashed by so fast I barely had time to read the sale prices.
We just need to make the effort to monitor and update how we store this visual data and not throw those old photo CD's into a shoe box.
No visits to relatives in towns that are typically struck, like Netanya.
He was a supporter of H.M.O.
This building is 159 years old.
After the Mass, her sister, Dorothy Crowley, admitted that she sometimes imagines her sister pulling up the driveway, with lollipops in her purse.
''For myself, I misread the weather in some key instances, and took some larger risks to try and win rather than protect what we had.
''In a way, it's a very contemporary irony.
Its members believe that Mr. Clinton has paid too much attention to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and not enough to the overall fabric of the region, particularly the health of the moderate Arab states.
They were allowed to fly business class overseas, and always had personal secretaries.
Ms. Tepper finally found a specialist who said her son, Drue, had reaction attachment disorder, a condition in which children have difficulty bonding with others because of early deprivation.
His teleplays are sprinkled with roach clips and bong pipes, and all the references are slyly appreciative.
2,'' an encounter between a woman and a dark shadow figure covered with burnt-orange spots.
Private colleges are doing some very creative things when it comes to money for students.
In the same vein is Sydre Argelette, a cider made by Eric Bordelet in Normandy.
''That's just one of the things he likes to do,'' Sommer said.
North of Broome Street, another old factory at 56 Crosby Street has been redone for residential use under landmark restrictions.
The problem that the new women's league had encountered in scoring goals was solved in grand fashion in the four games over the weekend.
After three sisters gather at their childhood home, the arrival of a mysterious man forces them to confront the past.
''Someone like me, whose father started out as a busboy at a restaurant in Manhattan, might not have been up for an appointive position,'' he said.
But mainly, Mr. Chase said, ''Everything has to be seen as part of the gangster life.''
We don't have stock pots, salamanders and cold rooms.
In its announcement yesterday, the Hall said that the choice of a cap is actually its decision.
On the other hand (sorry, I used to work for NPR), the boy and his family are so attractive and so gorgeously summoned to life that even if Rob didn't stick anyone with a knife, I loved his company.
STOCK'S 52-WEEK HIGH: $59.98 FRIDAY'S CLOSE: $15.55 MARKET VALUE: $33.97 billion Scott Kriens Chairman, Chief Executive and President Juniper Networks The economy is currently undergoing what one might call a reset to reality.
Of Merwin Ave. Milford, CT died on June 11, 2001, in Branford, CT. Mrs. Ogden was born on September 8, 1915, in Setauket, L.I., New York to the late Eversley and Margherita Abbey Kyburg Childs.
Retired investment banker, of East Hampton, NY, formerly of Larchmont, NY.
It took a maintenance crew about 10 to 15 minutes to repair the paint damage on the court caused by the flare.
''We need the whole range,'' he once told a Congressional panel, ''because that is what will work for kids and families in this country.''
The wide-ranging inquiry, by the Justice Department's Campaign Financing Task Force, is examining whether Senator Torricelli, Democrat of New Jersey, and several former campaign aides played any role in a series of improper donations or conspired to evade laws governing the use of campaign and public funds, these people said.
There were 20- to 25-foot seas and 40 knot winds in the search area, about 775 miles southwest of Anchorage.
Natural gas dropped after an industry report showed supplies fell less than expected last week.
In a series of postcard-size panel paintings mimicking well-known pictures by Picasso of his mistresses, the hypersexed master himself has been inserted to X-rated effect.
One Woman's Career Donnell Library Center of the New York Public Library, 20 West 53rd Street; (212) 886-3742.
Mr. Levy, however, later said to reporters that the arts could be cut, depending on the priorities of superintendents.
''I beat him up,'' Mourning said this afternoon, referring to the many questions he had for his doctor.
Some of the group's members are history buffs, some are interested in medieval crafts like weaving or brewing, and others enjoy the battles.
The company plans to begin liquidating inventory immediately and expects to close the United States stores by the end of its second fiscal quarter, Aug. 4.
The lesson of the episode should not have been lost on Mr. Bush.
The Port Authority and BAA USA Inc., a private airport management firm that operates airports and airport amenities worldwide, said they had agreed to end the company's contract to develop and manage new retail and restaurant operations at Newark International Airport.
As these two agendas collide, some lawmakers may feel obliged to trade a vote against therapeutic cloning for one in favor of embryonic stem cell research.
Tagliabue made a decision that is good for the league, good for the owners, good for the fans, and most of all, good for the players.
Ms. Jones currently crusades for justice as the title character of George Bernard Shaw's ''Major Barbara'' in the Roundabout Theater Company production at the American Airlines Theater.
''Not in our Asia'' is the reply.
When he finally wrote his own book, a decade and a half later, it was because he felt he could not have continued being a writer otherwise.
No one else -- none of the other East Timorese militia leaders, none of the Indonesian officers who commanded them -- has had to serve even a day in detention.
At first, confused employees at the mayor's office refused to accept the phone call on Thursday afternoon.
The signatories to the San Francisco Treaty waived ''all reparations claims of the Allied Powers, other claims of the Allied Powers and their nationals arising out of any actions taken by Japan and its nationals in the course of the prosecution of the War.''
She initially joined his firm to complete his contracts but stayed to carry on and expand the business, which concentrated on large interior design projects for hotels.
Winter Garden Theater, 1634 Broadway, at 50th Street, (212) 563-5544.
Who, then, is going to foot the bill?
He is a son of Katherine Wyatt of Andalusia, Ala., and the late Richard Leslie Wyatt, who was a mail carrier with the Postal Service in Andalusia.
After 12 days of draft preparation meetings, the Jets came to the same conclusion about this draft that everyone else has: it is exceptionally deep at wide receiver and defensive tackle, a fortuitous development for the Jets, who would be happy to get players at both positions with the nine picks they have over seven rounds.
Q: How far back do you have to look to escape it; what preceded it?
The pair last hooked up two years ago, and Mantilla won.
In the kitchen, you need to know what kind of blue it is before you can decide its best use.
Moreover, among those whose sex histories were examined five years later, only 7 percent reported a recurrence of the problems for which they initially sought treatment.
Keith is a year older than Jonathan and tends to be a more straightforward narrator of events.
Hanging over the ledge of the players' box, Richard Williams was poised to capture the afterglow of Venus's 6-1, 3-6, 6-0 victory, ready to document the completion of her second straight Wimbledon title.
PRICE RANGE: Appetizers, $4 to $6; main courses, $6 to $13.
An attorney for PRG Brokerage Inc. in Franklin Square, which sold the Highlands policies, said the company is an authorized agent and will go to court to contest Highland's cancellation.
His father, who is also retired, was responsible for account management training for Europe in the Geneva office of the Digital Equipment Corporation, which was a computer firm specializing in business hardware and software.
Mr. Barna found a larger rise in church attendance than the Gallup Poll did, as well as a slight increase in Sunday school attendance.
It earned his owner, Padua Stables, $90,000.
's mixes up genres tonight, with She Ra playing 80's dance favorites and obscurities, Cutfaster mixing more ambient and post-rock sounds into an organic flow, Aura increasing the beats per minute with a more electro-techno set, Oil getting fey with British indie-pop, and others, including Coin Operated and 3.1.G.
His handshake and the twinkle in his eye were unforgettable.
Jerry Smith and the Australians Paul Gow and Stephen Allan were a stroke back.
Maria Francesca Labanca, who studies law in Rome, is likewise nostalgia-free.
But recent research activity has upset that belief.
In finding that carpal tunnel syndrome had disabled Mrs. Williams, the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, in Cincinnati, found that she was substantially limited in her ability to perform manual tasks associated with working, as well as with ''recreation, household chores and living generally.''
Lange says on-hill tests and experiments with cadavers confirmed the rear-releasing system could significantly reduce the strain on the A.C.L.
Susan Saltrick, a 1978 Princeton graduate in comparative literature, said she felt ''a little hesitant'' about taking part in the gathering.
If you radically pruned a neglected lilac last winter, regrowth should be thinned: reduce the new shoots produced last spring and summer to two or three strong stems on each of the old stumps.
''I think a lot of people who are into this kind of thing see it as a legal alternative to illegal drugs,'' said Mr. Siebert, who also manages the Salvia Divinorum Research and Information's site on the Internet, www.sagewisdom.org, and sells leaves from the plants online from the Sage Wisdom Salvia Shop.
The space we stood around had been emptied Into us to keep, it penetrated Clearances that suddenly stood open.
The company's leading venture capitalist is Softbank Venture Capital.
The governors of Virginia, the Carolinas and Georgia want the Northeast Corridor to become the Atlantic Corridor, with high-speed rail service from Washington, D.C., to Atlanta.
It would also cut Chiquita's annual debt interest by about $60 million.
I am 10 years old and a big Knicks fan (Eric Konigsberg, April 22).
Mr. Wainwright looked over his admirer, in all her transgendered glory.
Iñárritu's tall blond wife, Marie Eladia, is here, wearing black leather pants.
Ms. Bernstein concludes: ''With the kind of cruel irony that epitomizes this sad saga, in the same federal courthouse, on the same day, in a class action suit called Lakisha Reynolds v. Giuliani, a different judge was determining that the tough new welfare practices of the city's Human Resources Administration had endangered needy children, and specifically a 3-year-old named Wilder.
In the San Diego area, 74,000 customers lost power, while Southern California Edison cut power to 47,462 customers in Santa Monica, Long Beach, Irvine and Pomona and parts of Los Angeles, Kern, Riverside, Ventura and Orange Counties.
Other than Camby's surviving the two-hour workout intact, the news was grim.
But he theorized that the smoky, smelly air in Lower Manhattan was exacerbating pre-existing asthma and allergies.
''The really charming thing is that they wait until they're three-quarters of the way up your body to bite you,'' she said.
He found a good teacher and in a few years Louis Bannet's Rhythm Five was one of the hottest jazz ensembles in the Netherlands.
This period, abruptly and cruelly halted by the arrival of sound, may have been the most innovative in cinema history, but Griffith was not part of it.
A poll reported on Friday by the newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth found that 74 percent of Israelis backed the policy, but only 22 percent thought it decreased terrorism.
Figurines and Chinese jars appear in both paintings, too, but in ''The Mannequin'' they're jumbled together as if in a shop, and a price tag dangles from the jacket.
''I said, 'Keep coming, keep coming, keep trying to get over here, 'cause we definitely need you.'
Flight attendants had rejected a tentative agreement in 1999 and have been without a contract ever since.
And it could further discourage ridership at a time when the city is urging people to rely on mass transit as never before -- and when the system needs high ridership for financial reasons.
The workers were still scuttling frantically on opening day, hanging signs, painting walls, sweeping floors.
''Then they showed me 'Ferris' and said, 'Sweetheart, talk like you're talking to your girlfriends, because you're going to say what they're thinking.'
For example, he said, an Intel chip designer in Oregon can operate a job on company desktops in Israel, where the workday has ended.
Demand for water is far below the highs of summer, and forests absorb far less rainfall now than in June and July.
''No, just from downstairs,'' he said.
A -- Lucas A. Ferrara, a Manhattan lawyer who is an editor of the Landlord-Tenant Practice Reporter, a newsletter for lawyers, said that based on the information provided, the landlord would not be able to collect the so-called past-due rent.
''And they did it because they wanted the connection to the river.
As an example he cites ''Being With Juli Ashton,'' VCA's take on ''Being John Malkovich.''
Pre-empting postdoc unions, a few universities have set up offices to address postdocs' needs.
While in the corridor, which is about a mile wide, they must travel no higher than 1,100 feet to stay out of the way of big jets using La Guardia, Kennedy and Newark Airports.
You get the sense that Erian's protagonists are optimistic because they haven't given much thought to the alternative.
What's different today is our sense of urgency -- the need to build this future force while fighting a present war.
The MobileStar Network Corporation, a driving force in offering wireless Internet access in public places, said yesterday that it had laid off its entire work force and would sell its assets if it could not find a buyer to continue its service.
The investor who has withdrawn his money said that Mr. Anmuth's inexperience had been a liability.
For the current quarter, which ends Jan. 31, the company expects revenue of $335 million to $345 million.
But later, he noted in an interview that he had long opposed term limits, and added: ''I think we ought to be re-examining term limits because it is not in the best interests of the public.''
Born in England in 1946, Mr. Treadwell grew up in New York State.
Technology stocks again led the way up.
His enthusiastic support and his compassion for visually impaired and blind people everywhere will be greatly missed.
Vanbiesbrouck, the former Ranger, played his first N.H.L.
Federal officials say they are well prepared to treat anthrax, for example, with enough drugs at the government's disposal to treat as many as two million Americans for 60 days.
Now opulence emerges from the same seemingly prosaic instructions he came up with years ago.
A court in Suwon, near Seoul, ordered the chairman of the Samsung Group, Lee Kun Hee, and nine of his lieutenants to repay to the company about $75 million that the small shareholders asserted had been diverted illegally.
Remove lamb from pan, and lower heat to medium.
A good solution for low-growing crops, like spinach and greens, is arching sections of wire fencing, which looks a bit prisonlike, or covering the beds with lightweight plastic, like Reemay, which looks like a 19th-century hospital ward.
And some economists note that the percentage of state jobs lost since March, when the latest recession began, was only about half the percentage lost in the first eight months of the 1990-91 recession.
At a meeting of Acción Demócratica, a party demolished by Mr. Chávez's presidency, one member after another said Mr. Chávez was embarrassing the country and driving away investments.
MARGARET WHITING AND PAUL BERNHARDT, Arci's Place, 450 Park Avenue South, at 30th Street, (212) 532-4370.
''It turned out that over the weekend, trucks were coming in and just loading it up'' to sell elsewhere, Mr. Fielstein said.
Merger activity bolstered the market.
FOOTBALL National Football League GREEN BAY PACKERS--Signed CB Sam Young.
The indictment says that the relatives were forced to leave the convent after the mayor told them they would be safe.
Mr. Crawford is doubtless pondering, in part, the two present-day Americans who have most prominently and influentially consummated a personal vision: Philip Glass and Steve Reich.
In a letter to the airline's president today, Ibrahim Hooper, communications director for the Council on American-Islamic Relations, called the incident an example of racial and religious profiling.
''One thing you have to know about it -- it's not art.''
The boy does not look straight ahead but rather to his side, wide-eyed, at a slightly older boy standing next to him, and he moves his lips to match his elder's.
''No one's dying from starvation.
''He punted just as well as I did and maybe better, and he went on to punt for the Jets for three seasons.
The markets were closed for Good Friday.
Temperatures can fall as much as 50 degrees from late afternoon to midnight.
Former Speaker Newt Gingrich said the White House, after a shaky start, had been effective in orchestrating public opinion behind the war.
The Cyclones have kept their cool about the mix-up, a stark contrast to the team's reaction earlier when New Era, a hat company, was caught off guard by the Cyclones' success and couldn't keep their baseball caps in stock.
The men received a total of $200,000, with a typical grant of $10,000; the women received a total of $45,000, with a typical grant of $5,000.
But I also don't think we have to go and point out every single wrong in society.''
''I wanted to compete on the highest level in the world.''
Tonight at 8, New York State Theater, (212) 875-5570.
Hong Kong's chief executive announced today that he would run for a second term -- opening an election campaign that has been engineered by the Chinese government to produce little suspense and only one outcome.
As the towers crumbled and the sky turned black, he crouched by the Hudson River embankment, certain he was going to die without reaching her.
B6 At the White House THE NEXT STEP -- Aides to President Bush say his biggest concern these days is how to make maximum use of the military and the diplomatic momentum he has built up abroad and the political capital he has accumulated at home.
But first, the crop is sorted.
The court is now scheduled to reconvene on June 19, a move that the judges said was intended to give new lawyers time to study the 400-page indictment, 120 volumes of evidence and material related to the 1,200 witnesses whom the prosecutors plan to call.
The Ecstasy feeling stuck around for the weeks between trips.
During the winter of 1777-8, at Valley Forge he inaugurated the first large-scale, state-sponsored immunization in American history.
Kimbrell suggests that the way to deal with all this concern, real and imagined, is to spend as much money on risk assessment as the scientists spend on genetic manipulation.
They caught the first train to Washington, but the president had already dictated his speech to his secretary, Grace Tully.
One might also ask: What's the sense of rushing to create a $60 billion defense shield to protect against a Trojan horse?
Actually, the charity events are always for a friend or for some cause I believe in.
The prime minister's allies and rivals alike wonder if the Koizumi appeal will prove long-lasting, allowing him to carry through the structural reforms he has promised but scarcely detailed.
But that was what Nen experienced.
Meanwhile, as the dollar grew stronger, Argentine products became even more uncompetitive on world markets.
A year after scoring 21 goals, a career high, Scatchard has only one goal this year and is not playing as much because of the acquisitions of Peca and Yashin.
But as he looked over the infield of Garden State Park from his grandstand perch, he was despondent.
The relationship was ''nonthreatening,'' the Air Force said, but the Chinese imposed ''home-turf rules.''
Dave Barr, a double amputee who lost his legs to a land mine explosion in Angola in 1981, will discuss his books ''Riding the Edge'' and ''Riding the Ice.''
It was if Adelphi expected an unbeaten campaign all along.
His two brothers Hugh L. Carey, Jr. and Peter G. Carey predeceased him.
Self-improvement and commerce went hand in hand in the early history of museums, especially in the United States and Britain.
Evans, an umpire for 29 years, is preparing for his umpiring school in Florida.
Even after it is gone, it will be hard to forget.
''We have been warning for years that Eastern Turkestan could blow up someday if it is surrounded by hot wars,'' said Mr. Alptekin, who is now general secretary of the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization, which promotes the interests of people not directly represented in the United Nations.
If impressed with a professor in a course, consider asking him to take you on as an advisee.
''To go up against a pitcher like that happens once in a lifetime.''
But today, reporters visiting the front lines at Bagram found embittered alliance commanders, their tanks and trenches just where they have been for months, pointing south toward Taliban positions on nearby hills and complaining loudly that they had not been bombed.
Fleury then won it 2:46 into the extra session.
Its Thursday night program at the Ethical Culture Society, ''Song(Writer)s Without Words,'' presented two world premieres, had Stephen Sondheim in the audience and went down easy, as its opening piece, Wagner's ''Siegfried Idyll,'' proved to be the most demanding thing on the program.
The formula has worked again and again, from ''The Jack Benny Show'' and ''Make Room for Daddy'' (starring Danny Thomas) to ''It's Garry Shandling's Show'' and ''Seinfeld.''
For others, however, the goal is not to be celebrated as a great soldier but to be recognized as a participant in a momentous historic event.
Both have earned reputations as excellent teachers.
Three years ago his company purchased three 50-year-old motels in Southampton and invested $5 million in the buildings, completely remodeling the interiors and repainting the exteriors.
The $750,000 house is full of subtle shifts of perspective.
But she had drawn away from the horse world.
''There are 43 legal documents in Indonesia that discriminate against minorities,'' Mr. Widyono said.
executives had begun talking with Fiat and Alfa executives about which models might be imported and through which showrooms they might be sold.
Old Times, New Life Twenty volunteers staff the ''Wagons West'' and ''Wheels Across Long Island'' programs at the Carriage Museum at the Long Island Museum of American Art, History and Carriages in Stony Brook.
On Feb. 13 at 7 p.m., Keen's Steakhouse, 72 West 36th Street, will hold a blind tasting of five pinot noirs from Oregon, California and New York pitted against five from Burgundy.
Deepest sympathy to the entire family.
''One year the field managers were ordered to rank each of our staffers numerically.
You have to pick and choose what you say.''
''I learned how to ride the freight elevators,'' she said, going on to describe how she served a baked ham with homemade mustard sauce (heated up with the aid of a coffee maker), brought in fabric to brighten the conference room tables, and provided her own ceramic serving platters in place of the standard plastic bowls and chafing dishes.
'' The best-known brainwashing defense occurred in the 1976 bank robbery trial of Patricia Hearst, the heiress kidnapped by the Symbionese Liberation Army.
The proposed new rule would treat real-time electronic contact like chat-room conversations the way it would treat in-person contacts, declaring that it is generally improper for lawyers to solicit business in live on-line legal forums.
Rapid sequencing could also be used for other organisms' genomes.
Annette LaMatto, who had fought to save the 400-foot-high towers -- local landmarks for most of the last century, stood just behind the barricade on Vandervoort Avenue, tears running down her cheeks.
The custom New England farmhouse is built almost entirely of material taken from the property itself and has a marble floor entrance hall, a large living room with massive stone fireplace, a library, formal dining room, chef's-caliber kitchen with granite countertops, a vaulted spa room, exercise room, master suite and three guest bedrooms.
''So, about your book, did any of those things actually happen?''
That the style seems reminiscent of an earlier era is intentional.
Most were ''shorts,'' too small.
Rabbi David Niederman, executive director of the United Jewish Organization, a social service agency in Williamsburg, said the community wants more land that is zoned for manufacturing rezoned to allow residential use -- a process that Mr. Vallone has supported as Council speaker.
PRICE RANGE: Lunch, three-course prix fixe, $38.
We recognized apples and pears.
They're just too into this.
So when those payments go down, the liability goes up.
Cherished friend of many in the United States and Spain.
There was also a sound system that imitates a rainy night on the island and the coqui's musical hiccup.
Meanwhile, an area once dismissed as too Bohemian suddenly became a desirable place to live.
''The city's actions would lead one to suspect that it chose to fund only those groups whose politics and social views it found unobjectionable, and was willing to fund arts groups that were silent as to their gay or lesbian lifestyle, while it refused to fund groups that openly acknowledged or promoted that disfavored lifestyle,'' he wrote.
But that's just it, mentally, you've got to push through that.
Mr. Fleischer is measured, and careful in answering almost any question not to stray from his briefing book or the political line of the day.
Of Hanover, NH, formerly of Winchester, MA, and Hastings on Hudson, NY, died on December 18, 2001.
Their 14 runs would have slipped under the 16 runs Oakland scored in winning in 1972 against Cincinnati.
Vick, like several top-rated picks, attended the combine for a physical and for testing but did not work out.
''Even though there might be an expense to us we feel this is part and parcel of what we do to build advertisers' relationships with us,'' he said.
But where such a call might have once set off a political tempest among Communists, nationalists, reformers and Soviet hangers-on, this winter it provoked little reaction.
Several lawmakers of Congress said they had been advised not to wear the lapel pins that identify them as members of Congress when they leave the Capitol grounds.
On Thursday, Holy Cross (22-7), seeded 15th, will meet No.
And while exports to North America and Asia are expected to decline, many experts say European investment in technology and new equipment will remain fairly buoyant.
Sprint offers monthly plans, from $30 to $150.
After lunch, Ms. Mandel hustled to SoHo to show Mrs. Bach more lofts, which were noticeably different than those in TriBeCa; the same price bought older renovations, fewer square feet and less light.
Italian and French visitors in mink and sable made their traditional Christmas stop on the way to Caribbean vacations.
Most people, then, are living in some other arrangement outside the boundaries of the old social contract.
Early that morning, our big 12-person, diesel-powered snowcat had climbed steadily into the higher altitudes.
The civil war proved something of a golden age for illicit crops.
With shortages on the rise recently, hospital pharmacists say they fear the problem could get worse.
'' Mr. Wilson said Mr. Morton kept reaching around him in an attempt to ''see if I was wearing a wire.''
The price for one week -- $1,500 a person, double; $800 under age 16 -- includes all meals, accommodations and ground transportation.
Still, he said, he was not sure whether the issues over which O'Leary resigned were serious enough to disqualify him from the head coach's job.
At first, Ms. Berlin is shown to have slimmed down dramatically through fanatical adherence to a 12-step diet.
More than 70 people were interviewed, but no critic appears to question the nature of Disney's enormous cultural influence through cartoons, movies, television, theme parks and merchandising.
We have a lot of work to do on the Internet.
The new plan also allocated 1,300 new seats to Staten Island, which under the defeated, larger plan would have gotten no new schools.
He recounts the story of how the asteroid Ceres was initially counted as a planet until more and more asteroids were discovered, and Ceres had to be recognized for what it was.
The joy of racing, he said, will be scrubbed away this weekend.
Today, Mr. Bush flew solo for about 30 minutes, and he chose to take that maiden flight not in the East Room of the White House, with its moldings and chandeliers, but in the unadorned briefing room, with its fluorescent lights and general air of chaos.
He survived an ownership change in Dallas and tinkered and tinkered with his roster until he found the right mix.
She said it was clear that black voters had higher rates of problems than others, regardless of whether they were intentional.
He knows the turf in Buffalo, the intensity of Bills fans and how important this game is for New England to continue its playoff push.
As of this weekend, Mr. Ferrer would appear to face the most obstacles in a runoff.
''They say, 'I'm glad you have ironing and laundry equipment.
But Poland is at a new crossroad.
Once inhaled, Dr. Durakovic added, uranium can get into the bloodstream, be carried to bone, lymph nodes, lungs or kidneys, lodge there, and cause damage when it emits low-level radiation over a long period.
Next, the nation will get to see whether the secretary's previous judgment about the importance of stem cell research trumps the White House's judgment about the importance of the anti-abortion lobby.
As Ebony magazine recently wrote of Justice Thomas: ''Why does it appear that he consistently votes for issues supported by racists and archconservatives, and opposed by .
When the same thing happened last year, The New York Post and The Associated Press covered it.
Her father is on the board of Bacardi & Company, the rum manufacturer in Puerto Rico that was founded in Cuba in 1862 by Facundo Bacardi y Massó, the bride's great-great-grandfather.
To his friends, Mr. Klein holds an esteemed position as the life of the party.
The Republicans all vote together; the Democrats never do.
President-elect Alejandro Toledo of Peru said yesterday in New York that he would not interfere with a court decision last week that sentenced Lori H. Berenson to 20 years in prison for collaborating with Marxist rebels in a terrorist plot.
But the Republican leaders, who have tried to kill the Senate bill, are still pushing for votes on their own measure.
It's not close to it.''
Not necessarily having to utilize your athletic ability all the time.
Abdul Haq was 43, fierce, funny, bitter and in recent months increasingly convinced that he could help save Afghanistan.
V.P., Aviation Safety & Operations, Air Transport Assn.
It was only after the Democrats lost Congress in 1994 that he restored himself politically by trying to make amends with Republicans -- and refashioning himself as a moderate.
If scientists want to develop new supplies of embryonic stem cells, they may have to take the bold and controversial step of creating human embryos expressly for research, many leading fertility experts say.
Over time, I can cut your losses rather than become one.''
He stayed behind and has since applied for political asylum.
Though Enterprise officials did not sign the letter, the company considers the proposal inappropriate, said Christy Conrad, an Enterprise spokeswoman.
Until his retirement in 1997, Mr. Potter was a Senior Executive at J.P. Morgan & Co. A graduate of Yale University, he joined Morgan in 1965 after destroyer service in the U.S. Navy.
ISAACS-Miriam Messing, age 94, beloved wife of the late Dr. Arthur Isaacs.
Maybe it was the time a religious professional quit just before the major holidays, leaving busy professionals to scramble to find someone to stand before the congregation.
''A bonanza for Big Dogfood, a burden for the hard-working American taxpayer.''
A United States airman who has been charged with a raping an Okinawan woman in July pleaded not guilty in a case that has drawn renewed attention to the question of the heavy American military presence in Japan's southernmost province.
Levy ran for three consecutive first downs before Toal ran 40 yards to St. Joseph's 11.
Performances outdoors in the five boroughs, Newark and Jersey City.
Saturday at 8 p.m. Tickets: $19 to $32.
But we are still dragging around issues like comfort women, and you wonder if it is because we've lacked good politicians, or because the Japanese character prevents us from apologizing.''
But a transformation occurs around 5 p.m.
''The ball doesn't roll on grass the predictable way it does on turf.''
''There is an institutional interest in doing so,'' said Richard Emery, a lawyer who was a central figure in the 1989 changes to the City Charter.
Mr. Pataki and his aides would not say how big the antigun unit would be, but he said he would devote ''substantial resources'' to it.
In any attire, they are immediately recognizable to anyone who grew up in New York.
HEALTHFUL food was not on Tom Colicchio's mind when he opened Craft three weeks ago.
John Jelinek, a spokesman, said last week that all 200 Neiman Marcus cars had been built and shipped.
The assistant coaches Ted Green and Walt Kyle directed the Rangers because Coach Ron Low was attending the funeral of his brother Jack in Manitoba.
''I'm a runner, too, but I couldn't keep up with her,'' said Mr. Harden.
Add vegetables to that mix and you have the ingredients for Mr.
Take the case of Leonora, the king's mistress who falls in love with Fernando, a novice from the monastery.
It's an impressive display of nerdsmanship.
For information on traveling to Bonin, contact the Japan National Tourist Organization, 1 Rockefeller Plaza, Suite 1250, New York, N.Y. 10020; (212) 757-5640, fax (212) 307-6754; www.jnto.go.jp.
But Mr. Levin chose Mr. Parsons as his No.
Overall, Favre is 59-11 at home.
One showed her stumbling from the scene with her husband behind her, trying to conceal her nudity.
Written and directed by Mr. Burns (R, 100 minutes).
Television ratings went up 20 percent this year, Nascar's first on Fox, compared with its ratings last year on various networks.
The police and the Department of Children and Families said they believed it was the first abandonment case in the history of Greenwich, a mostly well-to-do community in Fairfield County with about 65,000 residents.
At the same time the nature of chemistry had begun to change as well, the ad hoc, hands-on laboratory work of the 19th century giving way to a more theoretical brand of science, informed by quantum mechanics.
When he attacks, then he goes anaerobic and everybody else has already been there.''
The Mexican writer Laura Esquivel's first novel, ''Like Water for Chocolate'' (1992), cleverly combined melodrama and home truths with recipes from her ancestors.
Network entertainment executives interpreted all of these as signs that viewers were looking for escape.
Mr. Barry and Ms. Greenwich wrote for Darlene Love, the Crystals and the Ronettes -- all black or, in the case of the Ronettes, of mixed racial background -- before they wrote for white America's sweetheart, Leslie Gore.
To the Editor: In a June 30 letter, a former chairman and chief executive of Aetna Inc. suggests that people pay for procedures not covered by their insurance plan or health maintenance organization.
Every team, that is, except Philadelphia.
Maybe if I'm impressed enough with the digital version of that Wheatus album, I'll be compelled to make the band's next disc a nice, satisfying addition to my collection.
Music students and seven teachers share five rooms whose high windows open out into the church playground.
Fred Laberge, a spokesman for Aetna, the Hartford-based insurance company, said the policy is to grant the employee pay differential for two weeks, including benefits.
City Hall encouraged her to develop a model stretch of sidewalk on West 55th Street, she said, then dropped the idea.
Pea shoots add a powerful, sweetly earthy flavor to translucent slices of sharply smoked cod, with fresh arugula adding bite.
He also proposes a number of steps to improve our nation's ability to maintain our nuclear arsenal without nuclear tests and advocates a renewed commitment to a comprehensive, bipartisan nonproliferation agenda.
Her mother teaches kindergarten at the Pleasantdale School in West Orange, N.J.
As the traveler today may wish he knew more anthropology, so Ledyard lamented ''his inability to report his experience in the scientific language of his day and his consequent reliance upon his literary instincts.''
But other experts find the critique itself flawed, guilty of even worse biases than it purports to find in the original mammography studies.
Cooper was smart enough to know that elevators were in the future, but he was a little too smart for his own good.
Few people today can memorize volumes of material like ancient Greeks did.
Dentsply International Inc., a leading maker of dental products, said yesterday that it had agreed to buy a rival, the dental unit of Degussa A.G. of Germany, for about $494 million to continue its global expansion.
But he said none of the images of tear gas or the powerful spray of water cannons had weakened his resolve to move a trade pact forward, nor would opposition to the deal at home.
Exit 26, Route 55, Millville.
That is happening now in Belarus, Europe's last redoubt of Soviet-style tyranny.
He completed serving his sentence in July.
The shift straight into Ms. Dougher's version of the 1962 Irma Thomas tune ''It's Raining'' is like being shaken awake from a dream so all-consuming that ordinary life takes a moment to come back into focus.
The deal later fell through.
By the standards of most Latin American countries, Pedro Pérez hardly looks like a charity case.
In place of 24-hour-a-day fluorescent lighting, Mr. Dattner installed night lights that click on automatically when the overhead light is turned off.
Freightliner's revenue fell 19 percent, and operating profit for Daimler's commercial vehicle division dropped 94 percent.
More political opinions from the host of the cable news program ''The O'Reilly Factor.''
Bank robbers come in two types, note jobs and takeovers.
Representatives of Mr. Condit have been highly critical of the way many television news organizations, especially the cable news networks CNN, MSNBC, and Fox News, have covered the story.
The airport control towers are built by the F.A.A.
Behind the assembled chairs, on South End Drive, was a stack of perhaps 10 smashed police cars and fire trucks.
''We had to pay rent for this month and make our payroll, and so the grant was a very quick help in comparison to the other options.''
Police officers shot and killed a robbery suspect on the Upper West Side last night after he shot at them, the police said.
The huge amounts of water used to fight the fire that blazed for eight hours had drenched the carpet, electrical equipment and walls, creating a breeding ground for microbes.
Bamako was increasingly important after World War II, its population growing fast and producing a greatly enlarged class of urban, educated, relatively well-off residents.
''They're laying in the weeds right now, and who knows if they're going to make a strong bid before it's too late.''
Lew's beloved golf clubs were placed next to his casket and were caddied off the stage when pallbearers carried off his remains.
Only 4 of Woods's 50 rounds this year have been over par, and two of them have come in this tournament (74-71).
Both Ziff Davis and Ms. Millard have some experience in those matters.
The bond's yield rose to 5.63 percent from 5.53 percent on Thursday.
The acquisition of Weatherspoon, who played two seasons under the former Knicks coach Pat Riley in Miami, will increase the speculation that Larry Johnson will retire because of a back problem.
But since most of the players in the Middle East do not accept the existence of Israel, since ''solving the Mideast crisis'' would for them entail a modern version of Hitler's final solution, the phrase takes on weird and even sinister overtones when it is blandly employed by well-intentioned governments calling for a speedy solution.
Sather is the first to insist that his goal is to make the Rangers younger, bigger, stronger, faster.
About 10 months elapsed between the company's broadest reach -- with conferences, a European version of the magazine and supplements like Grok -- and the first round of layoffs in January.
''When I first met him, he knew that if he sold it for more than he bought it, he was O.K.,'' said Mr. Landin in a telephone interview from his home in Holland, Ohio.
Every year, when they carved their pumpkins, homely or gorgeous, and they were never gorgeous.
Everyone laughed as the coach smiled and shrugged.
She is now a math tutor for fifth-grade students at Public School 159 in Bayside, Queens.
Appier was leaving his fastball too high in the strike zone, and he did not seem to be throwing very hard.
He sued and lost in Federal District Court in San Francisco, which awarded summary judgment to US Airways on the ground that an employer's failure to alter a legitimate seniority system did not violate the law.
These are bitter truths, difficult ones, and we are not sure, as the film ends, where the responsibility for the shipwreck lies.
Does she listen to recordings over and over to perfect their intonations?
Mr. Valleau thanked the passengers, thanked the crew and thanked God for getting them through.
''I read all the books in the library on how to do it, wrote draft after draft after lousy draft until they got better.''
They are thinking ahead, and they are scared of what might be in those records.''
Since Eve bit into the apple and decided to clothe herself, women have grappled with the dressing problem.
In the last few years, governments in other developing countries have wrestled down the high cost of patented AIDS drugs in various ways.
Coming up: a global ecology course with a laboratory component.
The word ''interpretation'' is more about performers than music.
Rush looks over at the three VCR's and notices that only two of them have a picture on the screen.
A soprano who divides her time between the United States and England (she's American), Ms. Dallas has long specialized in the semi-operatic music of composers like Jerome Kern and Ivor Novello, which she enunciates with a decorous formality in a voice that's still beautiful in its middle register though audibly strained when she reaches for the highest notes.
He wandered over to the dark side, like an Elf-Lord gone bad.
Mark Buchsbaum had a ruder introduction to the real estate scene when he graduated in May from New York Medical College.
MONTCLAIR STATE UNIVERSITY ''Hotel Paradiso.''
But Mr. Sharon's history is entwined with Mr. Arafat's, and the series has also been shining a spotlight on Mr. Arafat's past.
The University of Alaska at Fairbanks and Loma Linda University in California topped the list, receiving $35 million each, followed by Marshall University of West Virginia, with $27.6 million.
''I can't imagine what it's like: a loved one walks out of the house in the morning and they don't come back, and you don't even have a body to bury.
''Jeff has been great,'' Mr. Cuesta says.
The investments in Bowman's two domestic and two offshore hedge funds will be returned in the first quarter of 2002.
A year of outpatient services for a drug addict comes to $4,000, Judge Luna said, or $96 million alone for the 24,000 new offenders in Los Angeles.
Beverly is upset for another reason.
Wheat said as she watched alligators lounge in the midday sun.
Today at 3 p.m.; Wednesday at 10 a.m.; Saturday at 7:30 p.m.; next Sunday at 1 p.m. and 6 p.m. Tickets: $18; $15 for members; $12 for students and older people.
Each finalist also taught a master class with a high school orchestra, because shoring up music education in public schools here is a mission of the symphony.
''He's done a great job.
Guerrero left Shea Stadium yesterday with his hand heavily wrapped.
The fees from the city would no doubt have been enough to keep the enterprise afloat, but the money that could be made from the refuse itself -- as Ivins pointed out -- was the key to understanding the deal.
''It has been established that the dwelling places of a number of spirits will require relocation either before construction commences or before the reservoir area is inundated,'' AES said in an environmental report that it submitted to the World Bank, which is providing financial backing for much of the project.
Since the lead-up to this night had been so hectic, and because we'd become hysterical in the days before, because I was afraid I'd become sad and not be able to stop being sad, because I was afraid Lara would crash too, because we were afraid of our potential closeness or enablingness or some other psychological pathology -- a thousand things, we had been trembling around each other like overbred poodles -- this event at the World Trade Center had caused us to stay away from each other.
American League YANKEES--Purchased the contract of RHP Brett Jodie from Columbus of the International League.
He was also known as Melvin the Anatomical Wonder -- a great contortionist.
But a closer examination makes Kehoe's sentiment look more plausible.
Young people, frustrated at the lack of jobs, are thinking of going to the mainland -- Los Angeles, New York, anywhere but here.
There were several pounds of data on military prisons in World War II, photocopied out-of-print books on millennium phenomena, microfilmed theses on orphanages in America, hefty rubber-banded clumps of material on firefighting, lung damage, bell-tower designs and the ordination process for priests.
These days, he lives in Port Washington, N.Y., works as a New York City tour guide and does little traveling outside New York.
He left in 1968 to become president of the McCall's Magazine Group, which published McCall's, Redbook and The Saturday Review.
''People want to see both,'' said Steve Lombardo, chief executive at Strategy One, part of the Edelman Public Relations Worldwide division of Daniel J. Edelman Inc. ''They want to move forward rather than recapitulate what happened,'' he added, but they also want marketers to be sensitive to the new environment.
His first interview occurred in mid-September 1999, and it was followed by a second interview in early October 1999.
The next few days, she says, are a blur.
Mr. Aljazzar, a 21-year-old student from Syria, suppressed his anxiety and sat down.
Her hand is swollen, her back is bruised and whatever sense of security she managed to hold on to after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks is gone.
Sycamore Networks and Extreme Networks each warned of a surprise loss late Thursday.
Many of the prisoners are foreign recruits to the Taliban cause.
New programs include a 45-minute guided tasting ($10), and a winery and vineyards tour with three-course lunch and appropriate wines ($85).
Agreed to terms with LHP Derrin Ebert, LHP Andrew Lorraine, LHP Jesus Pena, RHP Everett Stull, INF Jon Zuber, OF Derrick Gibson and OF Ryan Thompson on minor league contracts.
That is how Ciena broke into the business in the mid-90's when carriers were unable to lay fiber fast enough to keep up with the need for more bandwidth to carry Internet traffic between big cities.
In lieu of flowers donations in her memory may be made to Hospice of Palm Beach County and Technion University.
''It was a private conversation.
It was the second narrow defeat in a week for Rose, who lost the Alfred Dunhill Championship at Johannesburg to Adam Scott, also by one shot.
''Sure, but we would be risking further crisis in the future.''
Recent court filings show that Mr. Lattanzio's revelations and allegations went beyond the corruption of little-known functionaries in the Buildings Department and into the arena of political influence at the agency.
Purchased the contracts of 1B Hee Seop Choi from Iowa of the PCL, 3B David Kelton from West Tenn of the Southern League and Francis Beltran from Daytona of the Florida State League.
A spokeswoman for NBC News said the purchase of such news photos was standard.
Open 9 a.m. to an hour before sundown.
And ''there's been a massive growth in the popularity of motor sports,'' he noted.
His interpretation is so clearly conceived that you can read Hamlet's thoughts from moment to moment.
''Businesses like this are important because it brings people back,'' said Ms. Collins, who was wearing an American flag brooch.
In performance, the demeanor of the monks was similar to the stance of the Dalai Lama, who pushes for Tibetan independence with quiet determination, patient assurance and a remarkable sense of humor.
A sneer is built in.
Norman Adler, Mr. Berman's political consultant, said the councilman was using the ads to call attention to those matters because he believed they had not been given adequate attention by the news media.
In the eighth grade, I wrote, directed and accompanied my first musical, a parody, ''School Daze.''
A few months later Ms. Dohrn was called to testify about the robbery.
Our deepest sympathies to his family.
And some are simply mad at the company, which employs about a third of the area's residents.
Most protective were green leafy and cabbage-family vegetables and citrus fruits and juices.
Ulysses (Philip Goodwin) went further than usual, grabbing Cressida hard and angrily, as they spat their lines at each other.
Things also weigh heavy on his father's mind.
The request was made yesterday to FILA, the international wrestling federation, because of uncertainties about air travel and security caused by the terrorist attacks Tuesday.
Banks was cut by the Super Bowl champion Baltimore Ravens on March 1, just before he would have been due $2.8 million on a four-year, $18.6 million contract he signed in February 2000.
Kmart said on Tuesday that it intended to allow smaller existing contracts with the Fleming Companies and Supervalu to lapse when they expire June 30 and replace them with a single distribution deal to stock 2,100 Big Kmart and Super Kmart stores.
He has worked odd jobs, some in construction and landscaping; she is a $26,000-a-year clerk for New York City's Department of Homeless Services.
Now he is suspected of having added thousands of new deaths to an already impressive terrorist toll.
Once, convoys of military, police and rescue vehicles rumbled through the barricaded thoroughfare.
They didn't plan on staying.
But some strategists remain leery, unwilling to conclude that a month of gains after a month of declines means that the recession is over.
''John and I have, I think, a very, very positive relationship and agree on every strategic decision we have made,'' Mr. Purcell said.
There is also boxing at the Hammerstein Ballroom at the Manhattan Center.
ATMOSPHERE: Simple, fresh Mediterranean cuisine served in a pleasantly rustic setting.
''She always told my in-laws to take care of me and called every other day to see if I was being treated right.''
Mr. Avian: ''I don't think so.
It is a match lit near a pile of excelsior.''
It was the same conversation we had stumbled through so many times before; just a handful of words had to hold us for months.
Schilling insisted he had gone to the stadium merely to receive treatment and ''accidentally bumped into this,'' but the awkward about-face by Brenly displayed the uncertainty surrounding Schilling's condition.
Funeral services Thursday 11 A.M. at All Saints Church.
The design is by Weiss/Manfredi Architects and the Olin Partnership.
The overall truck market is weak, and we expect that to continue for at least the next 6 to 12 months.''
Loving brother of Bernard and Beatrice.
It includes scenes of magic someone must have found intense and threatening and a soupçon of strong language.
This game played out remarkably like the one in Providence 12 days ago.
2 16 GALILEO'S DAUGHTER, by Dava Sobel.
The last signal from that plane, before it dropped off the radar, was detected at an altitude of 600 feet.
Add onions, garlic and jalapeno and saute until lightly browned.
''The market was surprisingly stable,'' said Jonathan J. Miller, the president of Miller Samuel, an appraisal company, which prepared the report.
Bill Seymour, a department spokesman, said the chapter ''will make existing policies more prominent to citizens who otherwise would have to consult state statutes.''
Mr. Roberts has explored his ideas in small groups, too, developing a body of work that unleashes a panorama of stylistic and formal possibility.
''The bar has been raised.
Provo's future can be seen in its neighbor to the north, Orem.
Here's a New Year's resolution for the reformed velvet-rope crowd: return the borrowed ball gowns and stop talking about fashion.
His mature works, huge mural-size, razor-sharp panoramas of cities and countryside, are noisily detailed and illuminated by a strange, hard light that casts plunging shadows.
''We're 40 years behind the other pro leagues.''
RON VAN DEN BOOGAARD New York
Rebecca Tudor-Foley, managing director at Masius NY, becomes general manager and executive creative director at the expanded agency.
The American side focused almost exclusively on terrorism in general and Mr. bin Laden and the Taliban's support for him in particular, the diplomats said.
PCB's, polychlorinated biphenyls, were widely used in industry in part because they were so indestructible and because they were excellent insulating materials in electrical components.
Even if there is no discernible difference between the sexes, that should be stated, because it could be useful to other researchers.
''Red is the great clarifier -- bright, cleansing and revealing,'' she once said.
The father, Lu Jiaping, 60, a retired army officer, is free and still living in Beijing, where he spends his days writing essays from his own cranky perspective.
''The country was on a lifeline,'' one of my colleagues said, ''and we just cut the line.''
''We always battle hard,'' says Ash, ''but we always stay friends.''
Mr. Hughes' arrival was not distinguished by ''Wit'' alone.
Disney, which will release about 14 films this year -- two-thirds the number the company has typically put out in recent years -- is not the only studio putting out fewer movies.
In February he sent a confidential letter to the director of Mr. Meneses' department, Alfredo Rehren, and it soon found its way into the Chilean press.
Yesterday, just two and a half weeks after taking Vick with the No.
But with congressional elections scheduled for October, opposition leaders responded guardedly.
Room rates there drop between Thanksgiving and the weekend before Christmas.
Tickets: $20; $10 for students and those 60+ (Dunning).
AIRWAVES Yesterday, during the first round of the United States Open, NBC's JOHNNY MILLER uttered words rarey heard regarding TIGER WOODS.
The most passionate of them is Tom Gilmore.
Mrs. Klineman, a native of Uruguay, said that many Hispanics are accustomed to life in small villages, where people look out for one another's children.
At B'nai Jeshurun, a synagogue he joined eight years ago amid a spirituality search, he heads -- of course -- the social action committee: ''Do I seem like the kind of lawyer you could hate?''
The Badwater race, an ultimate challenge without a TV contract or even water stations, called to him.
As Mr. Lodge probes the couple's cognitive conflicts -- his belief in the power of science, her faith in the power of the mind -- the novel becomes a tantalizing philosophical debate.
Witnesses described the bomber as a young, mustachioed man carrying a duffle bag who tried and failed to board a city bus when the driver did not respond to his knocking on a closed door.
His great-grandfather moved scenery for vaudeville.
It was not convincing because it was not finished.
The house, painted as a huge American flag, is the backdrop of Ms. Bogart's staging.
Back home, I found Ella at the computer, visiting a site called Amazingmoms.com, which offers (free!)
''You have an increase in the concentration of pollutants that may be in those streams and you have an increase in salinity,'' Mr. Scro said.
The note's yield, which moves in the opposite direction from the price, fell to 4.50 percent from 4.51 percent on Thursday.
Follow the news and add new information as it occurs.
And the site has a pre-approved project: nearly 2.5 million square feet of commercial and retail space.
Instead of using the traditional wire and cement chinking between the logs to keep out air and water, the Clearys used something called Permachink, a flesh-colored material made of latex and sand and applied over Styrofoam.
Children will be invited to study the vocabulary tomorrow and Sunday during baboon charades, one of the games in the zoo's safari celebration.
Mr. Belfer started it in 1992 with his son, and he took it public in 1996 through Goldman, Sachs, raising more than $100 million.
''A year and a half ago, with all the dot-coms, especially, there was not a thought about cutting back on business travel.''
''Relatives who are online have said one thing or another, usually contesting an ingredient and suggesting changes,'' he said.
I figured that there must be a law that says interest must be paid on escrow accounts.''
This entertaining and thoughtful book shows there was much to admire.
Negotiators for the two sides said they did not want the talks to drag on until Jan. 1, when the current contract expires, because that would have forced building managers to concentrate on dealing with a strike, instead of their biggest current concern -- keeping security tight after the Sept. 11 attack on the World Trade Center.
The ''Vitale crew'' was named for Salvatore Vitale, 54, who was described as the underboss, or second in command, of the Bonanno family.
Brock Huard, Joe Germaine, Shaun King and Michael Bishop all rated above Brooks.
To do that, the lender orders an appraisal, usually at cost of about $300 to the buyer.
Adaptability has allowed him to have an extended career.
And that's really empowering for the Council member.
Perhaps he could throw a pass to Dedric Ward, another former Jet.
Or will they fight their way out?''
But the 25-pound boxes, which would contain rice and beans, water and medicine, would also include a political message.
He has been, and continues to be, heartlessly detached from his long-suffering wife, Lydia.
''I think Iris had no kind of pride,'' said the actress, who is 66, ''or maybe she had a pride about not caring.''
''He's a good personnel guy,'' Young said.
The memorial has been refurbished, the plaza repaved, relighted and replanted, ceremonial entrances have been added, and six new steel flagpoles now bear the ensigns of the military services and flag of the Vietnam veterans.
Kerouac referred to the scroll -- 9 inches wide and 119 feet, 8 inches long -- as Teletype paper, although it was probably architectural drafting paper that he found in the West 20th Street loft in Manhattan to which he and his second wife, Joan Haverty, had recently moved.
Inscrutable and exterior, it could be the simplest definition ever of pure cinema.
occupied by a lone driver that sports an American flag fluttering from its antenna is not the kind of patriotism that anyone needs.
This is a peace-of-mind issue.
It is, in fact, a scandal.
There was no reason for Greenglass to rifle desks at night; all he needed was chutzpah and a sharp pencil.
All the officers said yesterday that they had never seen Mr. Combs with a gun, did not see a weapon being thrown from the window and did not later hear Mr. Combs pressuring his driver to claim ownership of the gun.
For children 4 to 12, there's the Kidz Club, with a full day of activities at $55 a child, a half-day $35.
He said that on Long Island there were no indications of a decline in other crab populations, such as the blue crab, which can grow as large as nine inches from spine to spine.
The Saudi royal family can begin that process by looking unblinkingly at its passive attitude toward terrorism.
But there is still strong evidence that the department's management diversity, employment patterns and leadership atmosphere need improvement.
It means that I did forgive them, in one sense.''
The strain of living up to the standards set by his parents, and his own ambivalence about participating in the rough and tumble of politics, became too much at times for Adams.
But the Dow's gain was severely limited by Honeywell.
The movie was an Easter treat in 1950, starring Clifton Webb as the rather eccentric father and Myrna Loy as the mother.
Lee homered twice in going 4 for 4.
At least compared with the confirmed mainline Protestants that one of the authors had previously studied, ''Catholics have a kind of glue holding them closer to their church.''
''Recess: School's Out'' is perfectly fine in its standardized idea of child anarchy; only in cartoons do children still own marbles.
But I could not have anticipated the cataclysmic change that followed, from Vietnam, through social upheaval, to Watergate.
Included in its scoring, along with brief bursts of music for strings, clarinet, piano and voice, were stamping, heavy breathing and shouting, all of which the audience was occasionally encouraged to do along with the musicians.
Her band mates, John P. Strohm and Freda Love Smith, thrived in other bands while Ms. Hatfield struggled with record labels who couldn't sell her often caustic songs without undermining a cute image that was really wrong from the start.
Stress in daily life and the code of life itself -- genes -- are other avenues of asthma research in East Harlem.
National Grid, which is based in Britain, said it would invest $75 million in initial capital and draw an annual management fee of $14 million under its initial seven-year contract to run the new company, called the Alliance Regional Transmission Organization.
''Normally in wartime, large-scale support to the domestic economy is not needed,'' Mr. Galbraith said.
Tomorrow night: Pharaoh's Daughter at 8:30 and Frank London's Klezmer Brass All Stars at 11:30; on Sunday night, the Ehran Elisha Ensemble at 7.
What this means is that an individual plant could be genetically altered in a dazzling number of ways.
Truck traffic on New York City's bridges and tunnels will be a bit heavier starting today, as the city begins the final step in its four-year effort to send residential trash from throughout the five boroughs to mostly out-of-state landfills and incinerators rather than to the huge Fresh Kills landfill on Staten Island.
Died in Cleveland, Ohio, March 11.
For example, although Freudian insight into Wagner has been much used, especially by Robert Donnington, it slights equally valid musicological, sociological, historical and poetic approaches.
Because, with guesswork, you can have grave errors in diagnosis.''
The natural audience for the show is smaller than for the other awards shows because the audience for most theater itself is smaller.
McGrady tied a career high with 15 rebounds and added 5 assists, 5 steals and 2 blocked shots.
He was at pains to stress the range of people whose opinions he had considered, from scientists to Nancy Reagan, and he added that to guide any further decisions on stem cell research he would have an expert council in place.
Recently, for example, the law has been invoked in lawsuits asserting that the placement of waste treatment plants in minority neighborhoods is a form of discrimination.
The secret to a glossy loaf is to brush with an egg wash twice, once just after braiding and then again just before baking.
He added that he would try to release as many records as Mr. Adams wants and ''hope that somewhere in the middle of it all, a radio hit pops out.''
Tyrannosaurus rex -- or a Freightliner Unimog, an $84,000 four-wheel-drive vehicle that can scale 80 percent inclines.
She's off to Jackson Hole to ski with Mr. Spade's family.
From March 9 through 11, Randy Inman Auctions will put 1,300 lots of Buddy L toys on the block at the Days Inn and Conference Center in Allentown, Pa. Other items in the sale include a few dozen motorcycle toys owned by the comedian Jonathan Winters.
George E. Pataki and his aides have argued that the generators are crucial to avoiding sudden sharp increases in electricity prices like those last summer, and even possible blackouts.
The Fed and its chairman, Alan Greenspan, try to avoid the impression that they are responding to any single economic indicator or even to one month's data.
He did discuss the process, asserting that the method of decision did not set a precedent and was ''an exception and not the rule.''
It is the natural result of some companies failing while others succeed.
The new grant is from the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute of N.I.H.
Weeks This Last On Week Week List Children's Chapter Books 1 2 60 HARRY POTTER AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE, by J. K. Rowling.
With trade growing at the slowest rate since the early 1980's and the world economy on the brink of recession, negotiators were under intense pressure to act together to stimulate growth.
Mr. Khatami reiterated the long-held Iranian policy that demands a comprehensive peace for the Palestinians.
Her descriptions of the ''ancient little faces'' of poor Mexican children in Texas slums are also unfortunate.
It takes a particularly clever puzzle to stump a mind accustomed to performing mental gymnastics.
In February, Mr. Hall, who also founded Startupfailures.com, an online support community, unveiled the first ''Sustainable Entrepreneur'' seminar, which costs about $100.
As a result, the case has been left in the hands of division staff members ''You have the same group of people who have been looking at this consistently from the beginning,'' the United executive said.
Shrugging off a warning from two credit agencies, Argentine officials continued to negotiate a plan today with local pension funds and banks to swap as much as $16 billion in high-yield government bonds for securities that pay lower interest but offer stronger guarantees.
Behind the door is a manhole that is now used for access to subway power and communications.
Though the center occupies a cavernous warehouse space, it has a cozy atmosphere.
The sounds of Agosin's poetry resonate throughout ''Dónde Éstas?,'' the story of the Mothers of the Disappeared in Chile and Argentina, women who march every Thursday in the Plaza de Mayo in Argentina wearing photographs of their children's faces on their bosoms, and who dance the cueca alone in the streets of Chile.
Even before Sept. 11, other New York law firms were lopping off associates by ones and twos, and in several big firms by 10 or 15 or 25.
Service Merchandise, based in Nashville, has 218 stores in 31 states.
There is something heartbreaking in seeing all these children delicately -- one might almost say reverently -- sipping warm brown sugar water from flimsy aluminum containers.
''Organizations like yours show that it really does take a village to raise a child, and to help new immigrants become acclimated to our state,'' the letter said.
Norm, Lois, Greg, Susan, Tamara, Perry, Amy, Malcolm, Cara and all your Grandchildren
Much is made of his exposure to the West through studying medicine in England, although he spent only nine months there.
''I told him not to buy this show,'' says an agent close to the Louis-Dreyfus negotiations.
Congo's first president, Joseph Kasavubu, was overthrown by Joseph-Désiré Mobutu in 1965.
Or by the successful outcome of the expedition to Jupiter, where the submersible vehicle carrying Archer and his colleagues must survive ''thousands of times the pressure at the bottom of the deepest ocean on Earth'' to make contact with the Leviathan-sized Jovians.
But the process itself remains mysterious.
To her devoted fans her songs bring the consolation that even the most bewildering events can be set in order.
A12 Civil Rights Report on Florida The United States Civil Rights Commission, voting 6 to 2, approved a report that said black voters in Florida were at least 10 times more likely than other voters to have had their ballots rejected in last year's presidential election, and it urged the Justice Department to investigate.
''On the one hand, you have settlers who feel that their lives are in danger, with trees coming all the way to their doorstep,'' he said.
Florida Intergovernmental Finance Commission, $60 million of capital revenue bonds.
The company, based in Norfolk, Va., said it would eliminate 1,000 to 2,000 jobs over the next 12 months, noting that the cuts would be in addition to previously announced layoffs.
There was champagne, and music, and a ring he had designed himself.
He assumes duties from Mitchell Fox, executive vice president for corporate sales and marketing, who becomes president and chief executive of the golf publications Advance is to acquire.
Mr. Washington said the city planned to begin construction of the distribution center in September, with completion expected in 2003.
Mr. Menotti brings useful tools to his work.
Rohm & Haas, like other chemical makers, has been hurt by a slowing economy, which has dampened demand from customers including automobile and construction companies, and by energy and raw materials costs that have soared in the last year.
Husbands appear in Gavell's work, but the dance of husbands and wives doesn't drive the narratives.
The goal, however, has never changed.
The alternative tax is supposed to hit the rich.
(AP) FORMER YANKEE JOINS PHILLIES: The Philadelphia Phillies have signed for former Yankees backup catcher Chris turner to a minor league contract and invited him to spring training.
The alliance will feature a United States tour by Manchester United and YankeeNets selling taped Manchester United games to an American network, a person familiar with the transaction said yesterday.
Mr. Tretter won praise for his handling of the authority's complex finances, involving state, federal and local laws and the management of loan and subsidy funds from all three levels of government.
Rutgers led by 18 with 1 minute 34 seconds left before Princeton made the score respectable.
These include a wood fireplace mantel inscribed ''Blessed Are the Merciful'' and a stairwell skylight with the letters A.S.P.C.A.
But some companies have been openly lobbying for new business.
''You know when the doctor slaps you on the back and the baby cries?''
''Of course, the harm is done.
gained $4.10, to $99.50; United Technologies rose $2.70, to $74.46; and SBC Communications advanced $2.65, to $43.90.
Brushing aside shareholder concerns, a group led by the Oppenheimer family of South Africa and Anglo American said it would press ahead with a $17.1 billion offer to buy the De Beers mining company and take it private.
This is not one of those teams, he said.
''Nationally, there is certainly a backlash,'' Mr. Torricelli said.
''The possibilities,'' Dr. Asaadi said, ''are endless.''
Devoted mother of David, Laura and Daniel, loving grandmother of Alexander, Nicholas, Geoffrey, Andrew and Joshua.
''Passage of 747 is going to impact our ability to deliver emergency services,'' he said in an interview.
In second place was Physicians Health Services of Connecticut with 22 percent, Ms. Mohr said.
People with knowledge of what has been discussed in the talks, from both sides, say that compromises on these issues have been discussed.
In a second-floor dining room with tall windows and wide-plank floors, an array of dishes, almost 40 of them, were laid out on a lunchtime buffet, each carefully labeled with names that were sometimes comprehensible, sometimes not.
My room was the size of an American bathroom, and there were four of us in it.
A television host named Floop (Mr. Cumming) plans to take over the world with the help of an army of robotized children.
The visitors generated more than 6,000 proposals and comments, and viewed five postings each on average.
It suggests a pre-sexual naïveté, where the troubling questions of desire and fulfillment have not yet been raised.
Upon leaving the service, he joined the Oxford Repertory Company, where he appeared in more than 100 plays, including some punctuated by the sounds of bombs exploding during World War II.
Mr. Barstow is as mild-mannered as his wife is vivacious, preferring dry, self-deprecating humor to accent what has become a tag-team interview.
''I've gotten calls from someone who was delaying, saying, 'Could you come over right now and talk about my will,' '' Ms. Rosenbloom said.
Besides five world premieres, one United States premiere, more than a dozen other features and 23 short films, the festival, through Sunday, will include staged readings featuring Marisa Tomei and Stanley Tucci and a tribute to the screenwriter Walter Bernstein.
Theater man extraordinary, Off-Broadway pioneer at Phoenix Theater, evangel for all arts at all learning levels, he made friends worldwide for theater and art as inspired quests.
Or I would cheerily suggest enjoying your children for who they are, not what you'd like them to become.
Disney has asked several thousand employees at Walt Disney World parks, hotels and administrative offices to switch voluntarily to a four-day workweek, resulting in a 20 percent cut in wages.
But scientists have been skeptical, saying that pesticides may play a role but that more study is needed.
In both rooms, the bidding followed the course shown to four hearts.
''I was white,'' said David Morales, who was delivering flowers on Church Street in Lower Manhattan when the first tower fell.
It is not just the poverty, the illiteracy and the absence of any commonly accepted social contract that define our sense of wretchedness; it is, rather, the increasing awareness among us that we have failed as a civil society by not confronting the historical, social and political demons within us.
The government said the company, Golden State Transportation of Los Angeles, moved 50 to 300 illegal aliens a day, seven days a week, from areas near the border with Mexico.
Now, with his submission to the fitness panel in the works, Mr. Hamm might find public sentiments opposed to his efforts as loud as they once were.
But Ferguson has moved ahead of Hayes, and that is as good a sign as any that there are no lingering hard feelings between Edwards and Ferguson.
It may be a chicken-and-egg situation: a ranking New Jersey Democrat said tonight that if Republicans proceed, such groups would surely be called on to respond.
Even with last night's mesmerizing effort, watching them win is akin to watching Buster Douglas's shocking upset of Mike Tyson.
''It divested young boys of innocence, but in an easy way.
Jazz fans will take special interest in a performance at the opening of the exhibition by Mr. Rivers, a formidable tenor saxophonist, with his jazz combo, the Climax Band.
Even though Winfield tried dodging questions about which team he would represent on Aug. 5 in Cooperstown, N.Y., his answers seemingly suggested it would be the Yankees.
According to the medical guidelines of Dr. James P. Kelly, the director of the Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago's brain injury program, who has counseled concussed athletes -- notably hockey's Eric Lindros and Pat LaFontaine as well as several N.F.L.
''If I was completely full-time doing the Noodles thing I would be panicking all the time,'' she said.
Mass Transit Makeover Resurrects a Ghost Train It was known as the ''ghost train,'' but it carried live riders.
And perhaps the public, too, is pleased to live in Justice O'Connor's America, a place where our political debates are confined to an ever milder range of disagreement.
This year, teams are plainly playing more two-deep defensive pass coverages to take away the deep passes to Toomer, the Giants' top receiver, who has disappeared in some games.
Other survivors include his mother Rosemary Ritt, his father Francis Gerard Lunden, his sister Tracy Lunden, his brother Mark Lunden, six nieces and nephews, his in-laws, and a legion of friends across the United States.
These are relatively traditional missions.
Maybe Budd wouldn't know who Jay-Z is.
After I had soaked up the aura of the winter solstice from the holly, I started to notice what else was going on in the woods, like the bark of different pine trees.
Some Internet outsourcing is reliable, the analysts say, but still unappealing because it is not tailored to customers' needs.
''Would he come across the ocean to commit perjury and obstruct justice?
But these were different: they were regrettable, in some cases indefensible, but they were acts by states in formal conflicts in which war had been declared.
Barry Bonds passed the halfway mark in his bid to break Mark McGwire's home run record, hitting his 35th and 36th homers of the season last night.
Feeder watchers and field birders alike are welcome to participate, free of charge, though anyone who wishes to be listed in the annual field notes is asked to pay a $5 fee to National Audubon.
Klesko led off the third inning with a home run off Scott Elarton (4-4) for a 4-0 lead, and hit a two-run homer in the fifth in the Padres' fourth straight victory.
But he's very, very good.''
$1.75 billion, which is 133 percent more than its previous contract, while Turner's $890 million payment represented a 153 percent increase over its prior deal.
So for now, Mr. Eddleman said the residents will keep fighting for their canopy.
The indulgences made available assume that men are as gullible about the restorative effects of beauty treatments as the beauty parlor denizens on an episode of ''I Love Lucy.''
''Players,'' he says with passion.
The aggregate sum and growing doubts about the stock market can't help but raise questions, most fundamentally about whether the city's philanthropists can support so many projects at one time.
''There's something in there, feel it?''
But Mr. Lipsky is sanguine about the chances of ''L.I.E.''
* ''BRIDGET JONES'S DIARY,'' starring Renée Zellweger, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant.
In 1971, she moved to Los Angeles with her second husband, Barry Tarlow, a criminal lawyer.
The 200,000 spectators at Daytona (an estimated 167,000 in the stands, thousands more in the vast infield encampments), included many executives (some even in suits) of the hundreds of sponsors, associate sponsors and clients in this most commercialized of sports.
And management has ruled out breaking up the company.
Mr. McDermott was convicted in April 2000 and served about five months of an eight-month sentence.
''I prefer that the owners buy in, but if that doesn't work, we will fast-track and reach out to superiors in Washington and see if the advisory council needs to step in,'' she said.
The growth in the number of lower-scoring (but improving) minority students taking the tests is a good sign, even if it stunts the overall average.
In L.A., both sexes flop down and frolic.
The museum collects, preserves and presents material related to the city's history.
Resentment is more palpable when the country, the United States, has historically achieved and preserved part of its riches at the expense of the ''miserable'' by arrogant interventions in their lands to thwart the forces of change, by exploiting their resources and labor, by setting prices for their products favorable to United States corporations, and by coercing them to buy our exports through loan conditions and less gentle methods.
''In areas where the landscape isn't as clear as we'd like, we're placing multiple bets,'' said Frank Houck, EMC's executive vice president for products and offerings.
When it comes to my own choices, and my own children, I am fighting the urge to give any advice, reminding myself that I would probably be wrong no matter what I say.
The rheumatoid arthritis field is getting a little crowded.''
It would help if they could somehow find his body.
The effects of his comments could not be so easily reversed.
Survived by his wife of 57 years, Shirley, a brother Abe and sister Florence.
No team has come back from a 3-1 deficit to win an N.B.A.
Does capitalist America have a clearer view?
It needs power and water to reduce rolling blackouts and water rationing.
Last week members of Palestinian and Jewish groups shouted at each other during competing rallies.
In particular, the virtuoso's last outfit -- a gold and blue warrior's uniform topped by a helmet spouting a fountain of dyed ostrich feathers four feet high -- is a perfect personification of the Baroque.
cried student protesters at the University of Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, condemning past Republican administrations in which Secretary Powell has served.
Brown's Audubon is a tortured, self-dramatizing narrator, bewailing his own betrayals and lack of faith, hinting at deceptions and cowardice, suggesting that he is ultimately responsible for Myra's death: ''I would never manage, I concluded, to unblacken my dark soul, which clung to desire even in the wretched company of a corpse and led me like a lowly, demon-haunted swine to bathe in the foul, dung-splattered mud.''
It is our hope and prayer that beautiful memories will linger as a legacy to his life.
But most of Mr. Simonetti's sales are to schools and universities.
''Whole damn game has changed,'' he said.
Mr. Kula won't say how much the movie theater makes, only saying, ''You can make a nice living.''
''It's openly stated in their guidelines that they will engage in violence against China,'' he said.
''Things have never been better,'' he said.
''We are confident that our dealings with American have been appropriate,'' he said.
But few expected the magnitude of the shortfall.
''There's nowhere with wind like it is here,'' Robbins said.
The success of that production started her thinking about an opera on the reservation.
Despite a financial crisis caused in part by the downing of two of its jets in the terrorist hijackings, the UAL Corporation, parent of United Airlines, is adhering to plans, announced in June, to enter business aviation in 2002, with a subsidiary called United BizJet Holdings.
He will be sorely missed by all his colleagues, friends and patients.
Mr. Whittle intends to hold him to the $10,000 amount.
Ron Villone, obtained in a trade with Cincinnati, will join Hampton and Neagle in the redone rotation.
That's astronomical, and most of the cost would have been for the roadway.
Seaver had not talked about pitching with Rusch since spring training.
ATLANTA FALCONS -- Signed P Chris Mohr.
business unit but, like all other I.B.M.
City officials said they would still make every effort to place welfare recipients in public- or private-sector jobs or in job training and education programs.
At the same time, a coalition of big financial services companies is lobbying for industry-specific breaks.
''I don't blame anyone,'' he said without rancor on Tuesday, standing in his shop.
Sauce should be dry and coarse, just bound with olive oil, so add oil sparingly, a few drops at a time.
It's that thing you want more than anything for no good reason.''
The Hasty Pudding Club, which is known for elaborate theatrical productions with Harvard men in drag, gave Sir Anthony no immunity: by the end of the evening, he was posing for pictures with a bizarre black bra over his tux and wearing a moplike wig with rubber hands attached to it.
Rinse the chicken under cold running water and pat dry with paper towels.
My parents were an hour late, but the Israeli keyboard player didn't know it, and I couldn't get to him in time to make him stop wishing them a happy anniversary, and playing their wedding song.
Perhaps more surprising, only slightly more than half of the manufacturers checked their products to ensure that all of the ingredients were accurately reflected on the labels, the report said, making it all the more difficult for consumers to know which foods might cause allergic reactions that are often life-threatening.
''The thing I always hated about Clinton foreign policy was they seemed to be making it up as they went along.
Last summer brought reasonable rainfall, she added, but ''from 1994 to 1999, there was a drought every year.''
Bent, who once vowed to spend ''whatever it takes,'' has dismayed his party leaders by tightening his purse strings.
The awards that win, said Mr. Rosen, the ad club president, do not always reflect the most ambitious, creative work, but rather support the client's effort to sell products.
The next call started with Mr. Cotto telling a client that he had heard she was ''under the weather'' before confirming that Mrs. Cotto ''has had a nasal infection for 14 days and, since she's also pregnant, yes, she's very unhappy.''
Mr. Vallone said the trip would last through Saturday and would be paid for with private donations and personal money.
tournament bid grow fainter because of poor ball-handling and defense.
One of the employees had flulike symptoms that could be consistent with anthrax exposure.
Russia is not eager to invest billions of dollars to modernize all its nuclear weapons, but it can renounce other nuclear arms treaties and rather easily add multiple warheads to some of its missiles as a quick counter to the American decision.
We know that the wonderful memories you shared with her throughout her life have helped sustain you during the trials of the past few years.
I don't like to be confined in big places anyway.''
His mother said: ''You already are.''
Paris Minton himself is a strange mixture.
Interestingly, Williams says he does not intend to deceive pitchers and catchers.
A federal judge in Newark will hear defense pleas today to throw out evidence gathered by a system that recorded almost every keystroke typed into Mr. Scarfo's computer, including the password that investigators used to unscramble his files.
The market was held back through most of the day by news of a slowdown among United States manufacturers.
On the shelves are books about skeptics and believers and stacks of newsletters like North Texas Skeptic, The Rocky Mountain Skeptic, The Pseudoscience Monitor and Norwegian Skepsis.
She was the first to report that Vice President Al Gore would name Senator Joseph I. Lieberman as his running mate.
Are these reasons to rethink 401(k) plans?
Was I becoming shallow in my advancing age -- my early 30's?
While ''Messiah'' has become an American Christmas tradition, the piece is as much an Easter oratorio as a Christmas one.
Beyond the bar, the dining rooms are cheery with colorful lighting fixtures and Spanish-style modern art.
Some compared it to sneaking totalitarianism, and they asked what other unalienable rights would soon disappear.
After 23 Qe3, Bhat should have played 23 .
Best of all are the two excerpts from Berg's ''Wozzeck.''
President Bush's extravagant tax cut has left the Pentagon with little money for expensive new weapons systems.
It has already presented workshops, a few performances, open rehearsals and classes; performances are scheduled for the summer by the companies of Ellen Sinopoli, Pascal Rioult, Robert Hill and Sun Ock Lee.
Bertone, which specializes in stylish cabriolets (coupe convertibles), expects to add a Fiat convertible to the list of cars it makes, lifting production to 60,000 cars a year by 2001.
Holmes, who had a stellar year for the Tennessee Titans last season, figures to improve an already strong pass rush and he could relieve Michael Strahan of the frequent double-teaming Strahan routinely sees.
This week Chaco Province defaulted on its bonds, and hundreds of public employees in San Juan Province set fire to a government office building on Thursday, demanding that they be paid for two months' salaries that are overdue.
Only a well-staffed kitchen could produce the bordelaise that Mr. Young makes at Citarella, one that ''starts with half a cow'' and includes ''50 pounds of marrow.''
The cause was a stroke, said his son Jon.
I hope so, but as I said, I have a bad feeling about this.
''It's incredibly seductive, and if you let yourself get drawn into that, then he will own you and dominate you.
'' Associates say Mr. Costas is also very generous.
THOSE who know the pianist Christopher Taylor tend to speak of him in the hushed, reverent tones typically reserved for natural wonders if not the otherworldly.
Pages listing ''World-class wines that don't cost the earth,'' ''Best look-alikes to the classics,'' ''Regions to watch,'' ''10 best-kept secrets'' and ''Top value wines'' are worth the $13 charged at 67 Wine, 179 Columbus Avenue (68th Street), and at bookstores.
In fact, the numbers show the opposite.
He threw ragged baseballs, or tiny metal rings stripped off milk bottles, or whatever could be scavenged.
Corporate owners, meanwhile, under pressure from Wall Street to increase revenue and profit, are less willing to exempt their news divisions from the forces of the marketplace.
D1 Admission From Strawberry Darryl Strawberry's probation officer said the ex-slugger had admitted to a weekend cocaine-smoking spree.
The company officials said naloxone was not a suitable antagonist for oxycodone, the active narcotic in OxyContin, for a variety of technical and medical reasons.
''That should be a big lift for us.
He called the isolation play the ''flagship of creativity.''
Perhaps it is a blessing that he was spared the agony of seeing the city he loved so much suffer such a devasting attack.
Mr. Arlacchi said areas controlled by the Taliban accounted for virtually all those changes.
Gray Davis, has accused the generators of gouging the state on the wholesale power market.
Strayhorn's compositions held the edge -- a lovely surprise, that -- while wit (voluptuous wit) and the purest kind of romanticism played back and forth.
Aero Continente is planning to make its service culturally appropriate.
Johnson said McEnroe had said it was between the Johnson-Palmer team and the twins Bob and Mike Bryan.
''The only thing that's important to me now is my baby.''
Funeral Mass at St. Ignatius Loyola Church, Park Avenue at 84th St., Monday 10AM.
The businesses converted more than 60 percent of their floor space to other uses, with martial arts videos on the shelves, for instance, rather than pornography, and stayed in business.
But at Tuscan Steak, more is more.
Free 90-minute tour of the many shops in the area.
He argues that New Jersey is facing a deficit of $1.9 billion, a financial hole that starts his term with very few pleasant options.
Galleries: Uptown ''MODELS OF OBSERVATION,'' Knoedler, 19 East 70th Street, (212) 794-0550 (through Sept. 29).
LOUISVILLE ROLLS IN OPENER: Michael Brown and Devon Thomas returned fumbles for touchdowns, and Dave Ragone threw for three touchdowns to lead Louisville to a 45-24 victory over visiting New Mexico State in college football's season opener.
Last year I read an interesting book called ''Where Is the Mango Princess?''
The managers of Materials for the Arts, however, are dismayed that while 1,070 public schools -- nearly every one -- have registered with the warehouse, very few of them actually take advantage of it on a regular basis.
Some Pakistani editors and scholars say that if there is credible evidence Mr. bin Laden is responsible for the latest terrorist attacks, Pakistan will have little choice but to help the United States.
Sixty extra phone lines and computers were set up in the Armonk office, Mr. Silva said, and MBIA has even provided crisis counseling services.
10, she reached the green in two shots, then two-putted for another birdie.
NORTHEAST CONFERENCE MOUNT ST. MARY'S 50, SACRED HEART 45: The conference player of the year, Kia Williams, had 18 points and 10 rebounds to lead top-seeded Mount St. Mary's (15-13) in Trenton.
''I don't care how tough you are,'' Big Stan said.
''Going to the Met gave us a new slant, a new perspective on the painting,'' Ms. Greene said.
Democrats, too, are complimentary of Mr. Rumsfeld's management of the war effort so far.
The latest round of peace talks is supposed to address some of the issues that thwarted progress in the past.
''They wanted chrome and fins and luxury.
''Mike has done a great job in the four years he has been with the Giants,'' Coach Jim Fassel said yesterday in East Rutherford, N.J. ''He made the transition from quality control coach to running backs coach without any problems when Jim Skipper left the staff just before the season.
Today and tomorrow at 8 p.m.; Sunday at 6 p.m. Brooklyn Arts Exchange, 421 Fifth Avenue, at Eighth Street, Park Slope, Brooklyn; (718) 832-0018.
Berra, a longtime Montclair resident who often stops in to say a few words at workshops, says he is proud of the museum programs and grateful for the recognition.
We have to come to some decision-making in terms of what should be collected.''
And what I've said to you this morning are the facts surrounding that.
Fame distorts, and the show helps set the record straight.
But in an interview he complimented the consortium's efforts.
''We do not have the kinds of interaction with some elements in the south that I would have to have to see progress,'' he said on Friday.
But they cannot sweep away the anger, now directed squarely and intensely their way.
Justice Department officials have declined to comment.
Under the byline strike, an uncommon but not unheard of action among union reporters, articles are published without the name of the person who wrote and reported them.
Twenty pounds of clothes costs him about $12 plus a $2 tip.
''I think last year was the only bad year I've ever had in my big league career.''
Baffert's supporters, who include many veterinarians and industry leaders, say Baffert is a victim of the sport's inconsistent drug policy.
''It doesn't make sense, because the governor endorsed the rate increase the utilities had been asking for,'' said Susan Abbott, head of the power group at Moody's Investors Service in New York.
21 NEW YORK/REGION 25-31 Seeking a Death Certificate For Boy Missing For 22 Years On Tuesday Stanley K. Patz's lawyer will ask a judge to declare his missing son, Etan, legally dead.
Taxiscope's seeming art objects -- in New York, the comic book and the taxi-theme canopies and cafes at Madison Square Park and P.S.
The actor's final exit, and the play's last lingering image, when the comedy is really over, bringing to mind the last line in the opera, ''Pagliacci,'' implies that now the tragedy begins.
She is joining her parents Jennie and John D'Antonio in heaven.
True, the terrorist attack has also forced increased spending at home.
There are also Kewpie dolls and Ninja Turtles, giving a sense of the continuum of time as well as a reminder that kitsch is part of every era.
It was led by Dr. Gary Hodgen, an infertility researcher who is perhaps best known for using in vitro fertilization to screen embryos for genetic disease.
The impact of divorce on children is traumatic and often long lasting.
Mr. Kaplan is also accused of ordering beatings of people who did not repay high-interest loans.
Whether St. John's wort, an herbal supplement, is useful in fighting depression has not yet been determined.
''I cannot resist the invitation to rail against the boneheaded misuse of organic,'' fulminates Stephen Slatin, at the department of physiology and biophysics of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in the Bronx.
''I can say 80 percent of the adults were mobilized, and they left because they had blood on their hands.''
''This is one of the bleaker times I can recall,'' says Kathy Bishop, 39, the former editor in chief of Mode.
The Northern Alliance is dominated by Tajiks and Uzbeks.
There are already a quarter-million people from Taiwan in the Shanghai-Suzhou area at any one time.
My experience in Belize in the first half of the last decade showed that there was also a positive result: American news programs and the televising of reporting techniques of American journalists provided valuable examples to a generation of young Belizeans seeking to introduce an independent press in the country.
Since Mr. Coen's forecast in early December, signs have mounted that the slowdown could come more quickly and be more severe than expected.
The Irish tenor Ronan Tynan will sing ''God Bless America,'' and Max Von Essen, son of the New York City fire commissioner, Thomas Von Essen, will sing the national anthem.
''But at 90 degrees, it doesn't last, because it's releasing faster,'' she said.
The TDK Corporation, Japan's largest maker of disk-drive components, said it would cut 8,800 jobs, or 20 percent of its work force, as demand for electronics parts fell.
The Congressional leaders who oversee the nation's intelligence system have concluded that America's spy agencies should be allowed to combat terrorism with more aggressive tactics, including the hiring of unsavory foreign agents.
Leslie will receive the award today.
A junior committee hopes to lure horsy young swells, 20-somethings with roman numerals after their names, some of whose grandparents and great-grandparents can be seen posing with cups and horseflesh in the fading black-and-white photographs on the clubhouse walls.
In his comments, Mr. Bush repeatedly presented the military action as anything but a big deal, a mantra repeated by his national security adviser, Condoleezza Rice, who was traveling with him, as was Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
Orders for durable goods rose 2.9 percent last month, the Commerce Department reported today.
This is a phenomenon that psychologists call ''confirmation bias'' -- the tendency to interpret all subsequent facts and events so they support the position that you were initially less sure about.
The winning time was 3:29.06.
Since there was evidence that among registered Democrats in North Carolina, black voters were more likely to vote Democratic than were white voters, Justice Breyer said, precincts with black majorities were more reliable as building blocks for a Democratic district.
Some fellow officers later said that Robertson lacked management skills, but the mayor insists he simply couldn't hack the overnight shift.
''Do we want small groups not to be able to have sales on their Web sites because they're scared?''
You just end up banging your head against the wall.''
The document tells the hijackers that ''infinite paradise'' awaits them.
''I don't necessarily get a lot of sex -- I don't get any sex, really -- but it's something I think people should be comfortable talking about.''
''The Legislature has this fear and reluctance to be critical of the police, or to give them less than their most wishful wish list demands,'' said Mr. Buckman, who testified in the committee hearings.
First, after his batting average hovered near .500 and he established himself as the team's best player in spring training, the Yankees moved him from shortstop to left field, to ensure that he would have a place in the team's lineup once the regular season begins, on April 2.
If you like fat women Come to Pine Bluff, Arkansas You know they got more fat women Than any place you ever saw.
Mr. Kherchtou said he was allowed to leave Kenya in return for agreeing to ''work against Al Qaeda for him.''
Mr. Kaess, 46, has also been a director at large since 1998.
White House officials have said the Chappaqua house is developing a more homey feel, but the Clintons have not shaken the perception that they are only occasional suburbanites.
Adored uncle of Jack, Keeley, Liam and Ryan.
IMotors Closes After Investors Flee IMotors.com, the online seller of used cars that in January hired the former Maytag chief executive Lloyd D. Ward to head its operations, has gone out of business.
But it could also theoretically mean that the United States would have to pay for parts of the Kyoto pact even though Mr. Bush has rejected it.
Since 1930 importing certain animals and animal products from countries that have foot-and-mouth disease has been illegal.
Kaztransoil will use the proceeds for a pipeline in western Kazakhstan.
For three decades Mrs. Schaeffer and her husband, Dr. Hanns Schaeffer, ran the New York Schaeffer Galleries, which was founded in 1936 and has been at 983 Park Avenue in Manhattan for more than 50 years.
''Cancan'' is as merry as its title suggests with Mr. Tanner channeling the cast into linear patterns.
Dear brother of Millie, Marie and Kitty.
The sign is surrounded by a bed of flowers in the middle of a small brick courtyard.
In this case, it's Kine (Venus Seye)'s.
Long after most private economists had lowered their 2001 forecasts for European growth, the central bank remained publicly confident.
The path to this point was anything but easy.
HIGH energy prices and a soft economy have clobbered commercial airline stocks.
As Bang says in her acknowledgments, she borrows lines from two of literature's world-class emotional athletes, Keats and Woolf, but in its incandescent giddiness the book seems closer to John Ashbery's ''Girls on the Run'' and Peter Klappert's neglected masterpiece ''The Idiot Princess of the Last Dynasty.''
Not only did she tame fire-breathing bulls for Jason and slay the serpent guarding the Fleece, but she also dismembered her own brother and tossed him into the sea, forcing her father to stop his pursuit and collect the pieces for burial.
Defeat in the war against America has been bitter in this lovely corner of northwest Pakistan.
The Islanders had scored first in every game this year, but they did not do it today.
The Morden monarda program has introduced three beautiful, highly mildew-resistant plants to the garden trade.
To friends, he was Dick; to the poker group, he was ''killer,'' and to all, he was an amazingly selfless man.
Their bodies were dumped in rivers and buried in clandestine graveyards.
Poulin drove Ziggy, a 14-year-old Oldenburg gelding, and Camden, a 7-year-old Dutch-bred gelding, to a score of 48.80 penalties in Friday's dressage phase.
WITH: Stellan Skarsgard (Alec), Charlotte Rampling (Marjorie), Deborah Kara Unger (Katherine), Dimitris Katalifos (Andreas), Ashley Remy (Siri) and Michael Cook (Marcus).
Thirteen states now prohibit the execution of mentally retarded defendants, and only a few other countries continue this barbaric practice.
The talk among the retirees at the center is nearly as likely to be about immigration law and the mysteries of the green card residency permit as about successful daughters and brilliant grandchildren.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said, ''There have been no Americans captured,'' when he was asked about the Taliban report.
O'Neill pondered retirement last season and wondered if the Yankees even wanted him back after he injured his right hip and sank like a cinder block in a pool in September, not getting an extra-base hit in his last 59 at-bats.
To the character Joe Egg , so nicknamed for sitting about, doing nothing, living is a mere technicality.
THE SCRIPT -- A narrator says: ''In Rudy's New York, everything is fine.
Moviegoers meet a few of the loyalists as the film travels from Las Vegas, where the colorful Deadheads hit the neon-lighted streets (the garish meet the garish), to Seattle; Highgate, Vt.; and finally Deer Creek, Ind., where a riot erupts.
With neither semifinal at the French Open stretching beyond three sets, the matchups failed to deliver an ounce of suspense.
But that will take quite some time and in the meantime, much harm will be done.''
Now, she reports, Mr. Felder looks splendid sitting on the bench in his new shoes and jacket.
Hermione is fine at employing literary references at crucial moments, and Ron excels at a deadly game of chess.
There are tamer trails for the less adventurous cyclist or hiker.
The deal then needs the approval of China's parliament.
An anonymous investor added, ''I'm telling friends to buy stock as a patriotic symbol.''
After the game, the two-ton cake was distributed in the city as thousands of fans honked car horns and shouted ''Iran, Iran.''
Frank, who was the I.B.F's No.
The new slogan: ''Flowers are just the beginning.''
Whatever the price tag, critics say the township, which received $5 million this year under the state's ''distressed cities'' program, could find other uses for the money.
The move to deliberate until next month came despite a call from the company on Tuesday, urging the foundation to lend its immediate support for the deal, said a person close to Hewlett-Packard.
Even with the armies of their own employees, drug companies need help.
Mr. Djindjic said he had learned from the mistakes made when the police forces bungled the arrest of Mr. Milosevic at the end of March; a precarious two-day standoff ensued at his home after the police encountered opposition from the army and armed supporters of the former president.
For the consumer, there are questions of quality, especially with handmade objects, which do not always match their pictures, as well as concerns about international credit-card security.
The e-mail report from StockTopics.com said Liquidix had 10.7 million shares outstanding.
The exhibition thus gets off to a stunning start that simultaneously impresses the observer with the mystery, beauty and complexity of DNA.
It's not quite like that at Jarnac.
The president put one arm around the mayor, the other around the governor, more like a huddle than a hug.
When Barber broke his left hand Aug. 2, it marked the first major injury of the Giants' training camp.
He also won the championship in that series.
Will Amtrak have to go back to Congress and ask for more money?
INSIDE PITCH The right-hander GRANT ROBERTS, bothered by a persistent sharp pain in his left shoulder blade on Saturday, was able to ''immediately remove the symptoms'' with a cortisone shot, General Manager STEVE PHILLIPS said.
Jerry Tarkanian brings Fresno State and 973 career victories into the second semifinal game against Wake Forest at about 9:30 p.m. ''Each one of you have more wins than I have practices,'' Michigan State Coach Tom Izzo told his counterparts.
He scribbled copious notes on the fine points, like week-by-week changes in credit card use, to develop a nuanced picture of the economy.
Sergeant Robinson's next stop is Automotive High School in Greenpoint, and he is accompanied by Sgt.
(Any line of longitude, for example, is a great circle, but all lines of latitude except the equator are not.)
Mr. Bix argues that the emperor sanctioned atrocities in China, approved an alliance with Hitler and Mussolini and prepared Japan for the war in the Pacific; the argument has already stirred controversy in Japan.
At least three Northern Alliance helicopters were operating in the area as Dr. Abdullah arrived to inspect the scene.
The puppeteer Len Levitt and his friends Toast and Wilbur wiggle and jiggle their way through games, stories, skits like ''High Holidays Olympics'' and songs, performed by their alter-ego rock band, Hot Gefilte, in this celebration of the Jewish New Year.
But for most companies today, change is constant.
And instead of lectures on pedagogy, she poses questions like, ''How do you prepare students for life in a democracy?''
PART FOUR What makes me think I'm Dartmoor Arms material?
There are even people who make a hobby of visiting old cemeteries.
That book, by the way, features a blue-collar Irish-American protagonist and starts off at a luxury Midtown hotel.
The teacher was not reprimanded.
''None of the earlier surveys had the sheer brute size that was needed to see them,'' Dr. Tegmark said.
If a federal administrator should fail in one or two major cases, in contrast, he can always claim to have done a good job because 'the system worked for 99 percent of the airports.'
The 52-year-old Hill, who has completed two years of a 10-year contract at Fordham, coached the Knicks, Indiana Pacers and San Antonio Spurs over seven N.B.A.
Madras fried shrimp ($9.25), savory little tidbits presented with puri and given a spicy jolt by its green peppers, was the starter of choice, although the hot appetizer variety tray ($8.95), with its assortment of patties, fritters and turnovers, would feed a table of four.
The torrontés vineyards are some of the world's highest, many more than a mile up, near the village of Cafayate in the northwestern corner of the country, not far from the Bolivian border.
Learning From History So here is Rahman back in training for Lewis, skipping rope, lifting weights, punching the bags, sweat pouring off his thick body.
Until recently, when Merrill Lynch gave the team $50,000, Bronx bodegas were the sole providers of uniforms and equipment.
It was a ranch house on a quiet street in Teaneck, N.J., a town just over the George Washington Bridge from Manhattan and a quick commute to Mr. Gatling's office in Greenwich Village, where he is the director of Budget Credit Counseling Services Inc., a nonprofit organization he started that counsels people on their finances.
Back on the bench, Daneyko wanted to return to the ice on his regular shift, but he was reminded that his bloodied face had to be cleaned up.
Died Saturday, February 17th, in Orlando, FL.
An article on Feb. 11 about Disney's California Adventure theme park misstated the literary source of the term ''feelies.''
In the macho world of the military, Mr. Rumsfeld quickly fit in, boasting that he could do 25 one-handed pushups and treating the squash court like a battlefield.
If the caller had been a longtime business associate, he said, the gesture would have been seen as a helping hand; coming from a stranger it was ghoulish.
Young Israel of Fifth Avenue mourns the death of the sister of our esteemed member, Marvin Bienenfeld, and extends to him and the bereaved family our heartfelt condolences.
You went so far as to state that it would require the presence of federal marshals to seat him.''
The hitters batted as if they had never heard of it.
Even though Martínez was scheduled to be examined yesterday by Bill Morgan, the team physician, he did not arrive at Shea Stadium until a few minutes before the first pitch.
''The majority of governments haven't offered a raise in six or seven years,'' said Wilson de Oliveira Morais, president of the national police officers' association, which says it has 45,000 members.
Daughter of Samuel and Sarah Yager.
The American government has charged in court papers that Mr. Atef traveled to Somalia in late 1992 and again in early 1993, on behalf of Mr. bin Laden, to help organize attacks on American and United Nations forces stationed there.
As the president himself pointed out, he had made similar promises four years ago.
In the end, one friend who appeared in the original film turned down the commercial and was replaced by an actor.
Gen. Muhammad Fahim, the Northern Alliance military leader and the defense minister in the new government, questioned the alliance's willingness to comply with a key provision of the agreement that calls for Afghan factions to withdraw their troops from the capital.
It was not just that firefighters lost their brothers; it was that they did not save their colleagues, did not die instead of their brothers -- including the six probationary firefighters who were killed.
He said he hoped his achievement might encourage older people to stay active -- though, of course, not necessarily on a windy, ice-encrusted cliff at 29,028 feet, the height many airplanes cruise.
But others said they feared that such a major decision could not be made in his absence.
After all, your basic $50 watch tells time just as well as a human who doesn't study the movements of subatomic particles could ever possibly need.
''I'm not calling this work folk art, but I'm able to make a continuum to folk art.
In the back of the building, Firefighter John Gaine was working with Lt. Brendan Manning to punch through to the cellar, where they suspected that the fire had started.
Ms. Hacken, who said that after 11 hours she ended up with pulled muscles and enough signatures, heard that rival signature collectors were resorting to all manner of chicanery.
Cardinal Mahoney said in a statement today that he had never met the Vignalis but had written the letter at the behest of ''leaders of our community whom I greatly respect, including Sheriff Lee Baca, Congressman Xavier Becerra, and Assembly Speaker Antonio Villaraigosa,'' all of whom were urging that the case be reviewed.
So she was quick to become a partner with the Susann estate in the book, which was sold for a significant six-figure advance.
''As I said, he is missing in Afghanistan, but it doesn't mean he is lost,'' he said.
But in the latest poll, she led only two Democrats by double digits and two of the remaining four -- Robert Reich, labor secretary in the Clinton administration, and Shannon O'Brien, the Massachusetts state treasurer -- had pulled a few points ahead of her.
At the time of a donor's death, medical professionals determine whether organs are usable.
The judge, Susan Oki Mollway of Federal District Court, issued a preliminary injunction blocking the training pending an Oct. 29 hearing.
REIT-Seymour V. Adored brother and brother-in-law of Phyllis Reit Nelson and Irwin Nelson.
You heat up a nonstick pan slicked with grapeseed oil, until it's smoking, and lay one-inch-thick slabs of watermelon in the pan.
The Jacobson firm was started in 1997 and has financed several business-to-business ventures, including MaterialNet.com, PetroleumPlace.com and BarterTrust.com.
New Jersey's current auto insurance crisis was triggered by the Legislature's enactment of a mandatory 15 percent reduction in rates that went into effect in the spring of 1999.
Mr. Tadamia said the Northern Alliance troops had treated him well so far, but as he spoke his eyes wandered to Mr. Muhammad, the guard standing within earshot.
Computer Associates International offered investors a choice of earnings reports yesterday.
Graduate of The College of New Rochelle, 1935, and a former Chesterfield Girl of 1936.
Standing in the Queens neighborhood where a livery driver was killed on Saturday, the leader of a drivers' group called on the city yesterday to install a silent alarm system in every livery cab on the city's streets.
And last month, they were 983,186, an increase of more than 9 percent over November 2000, the F.B.I.
The Red Sox hit four homers for the first time since a 10-0 victory over Tampa Bay on April 17, in which Ramirez hit two.
The authorities say the group also runs a flourishing ''escape industry'' that has resulted in the flight of more than 1,000 prisoners since 1998 and further enriched the group's coffers.
She almost matched the course record, which she set three years ago while winning the first of two consecutive Farr titles.
The central figure was a longtime local warlord, Ghullan Muhammad, whose district includes a ramshackle row of bazaar stalls along the highway and a clutch of villages tucked among the Sere Hills.
Dr. Satcher declined to be interviewed on the question, and his office says only that any statement will most likely avoid the controversial areas it once appeared ready to cut through.
Doctors often learn about new medical advances and refresh their memories about rare conditions in the conferences called grand rounds.
The energy sources that are exempt from taxation, he said, include fuel oil, coal, wood, natural gas, electricity, steam and propane (except when sold in containers of less than 100 pounds.)
But Phillips, wary of Sheffield's ''attitude,'' backed off.
They told the foreigners, ''Come with us to the mountains.''
These pictures provoke happiness if for no other reason than that they are content to be what they are, which is enough, this being the same message they convey about the modest objects and people they depict.
Ryan Stys led Hartford (0-3) with 11 points and 6 rebounds.
They are $6.99 a pound at Citarella stores, and $2.49 a half-pint at the farm, 25180 Country Road 48, Peconic, N.Y.; (631) 734-7001.
It ends with the word ''avoid.''
The two most interesting images are photographs, two similar life-size works in color, each of a woman reclining on a blanket in minimal garb, presenting her back to the viewer.
When asked if Mallet was expanding into paintings he said no, that he was acting as an agent on behalf of an American collector.
The result is a cogent interpretive essay in cultural history, a show about photography, and specifically about who has produced it and why.
The move came 24 hours after leaders of the I.R.A.
But its most obvious model, as you can tell by its canny Sunday-evening placement on HBO, is that other portrait of a dysfunctional family in an odd line of work, ''The Sopranos.''
They can help victims to heal, create a consensus for democratic reforms and uncover evidence that can be used to prosecute the guilty.
Hampton left after five innings of his last start on Tuesday against the Chicago Cubs.
''Given the current situation, after what happened on Sept. 11, we're reviewing the entire policy,'' Mr. Laberg said.
Before the advent of open M.R.I.
In a city where hotly contested City Council races between Democrats and Republicans are few and far between, one race in northeastern Queens offers voters a distinct choice not only in party, but also in the political backgrounds of the candidates.
Navarre's primary target may be wide receiver Marquise Walker now that David Terrell is gone.
Allow the top to move by not tying the tree higher than two-thirds its height.
Based on won-lost records at the start of the weekend series, the Indians had 25 games remaining with teams with winning records and 23 with teams with losing records while the Twins had 33 of their 48 remaining games against teams with losing records.
Eggs and toast in the morning, and how good ice water tastes when you're thirsty.
This was to pair the music with an abstract film by Fernand Léger, made in collaboration with Man Ray and Dudley Murphy.
The best santeros, or santos carvers, were self-taught rural artisans with a shared repertory of abstract forms -- inverted cones, hollow shells, barrels and cubes -- and colors collectively used to designate certain figures, like Jesus, Mary, St. Anthony of Padua and St. Ursula and her noblewomen.
Socially prominent landlubbers need not apply; the club wants members who have an interest in boats even if they do not actually have a boat.
''I am not making this up,'' he said.
Despite just one goal from Jen Adams, the N.C.A.A.
''I told her I wanted a basketball team first, then we'd talk about girls.''
Donations may be made to American Cancer Society, NCICFUL, PO Box 102454, Atlanta, GA 30368-2454.
It was the first spacewalk for the station's commander, Frank L. Culbertson Jr.; his partner was Lt. Col. Vladimir N. Dezhurov.
The images of a dandified poet were to last long past his lifetime (and are in the Morgan exhibition).
It created a sponsorship alliance with the football Giants and Manchester United, the English soccer team.
Some hung curtains in their hastily built shacks.
She discovered theater through the drama society at her church and studied acting privately.
David M. Smith, a professor emeritus at the Yale University School of Forestry and Environmental Studies, said that conservation efforts were especially needed in areas near rivers and lakes in the Northern Forest.
Likewise, if the same card number is used within a few minutes by two users in different time zones, the Web site could apply greater scrutiny to the transaction.
And we make investments in companies that might benefit from the power crisis, like Calpine, an independent power producer, and Capstone Turbine, a smaller-capitalization company which is focused on utilizing a cleaner way to produce energy.
The questions we should ask are ''Will my physician answer the nurse's phone call when I have a rash in the middle of the night, or when my temperature spikes to 103?''
It all began with a chance meeting of neighbors on the Upper West Side of Manhattan one day in 1921, when the Yankees were sharing the Polo Grounds with the Giants.
Besides the usual staples, her refrigerator held leftovers from two recent nights out, one chicken, the other a pork chop.
The combined company has vast potential markets in China, which puts it in an awkward position as it seeks to cultivate top Chinese leaders while its magazines and cable news channel, CNN, report on them.
Some of these ideas have been discussed before and put aside as too damaging to trade or too expensive.
The Metropolitan Opera Association mourns the death of our good friend, John Hazen White, Sr., a member of our official family for many years.
MIRIAM SIMPSON St. John's, Newfoundland
's are going in their big cars, and we're going without shoes.''
''Our grief depends first on the personal impact, if we knew someone, and second to the sense of loss that pervades everyone psychologically because of the loss of innocence and the realization of our vulnerability, and none of those things are affected by the reduction in the number of casualties.''
''I want to reach an agreement with Sharon,'' Saeb Erekat, a senior Palestinian negotiator said in English to an Israeli television interviewer tonight.
In October 1995, for example, Mr. Bloomfield wrote to Mr. Creggy about backdating documents for a new trust to make it appear that the trust was set up in 1979.
Eli Lilly recently received the six-month extension for Prozac, its antidepressant; Mr. Seiden estimated that the company would reap an additional $1 billion in sales, $700 million of it profit.
What I did was far less harmful than a bartender getting you boozed up and then letting you out on a highway where you might kill someone.
Using his signature Harmon mute, he turned songs of vulnerability like ''I Thought About You,'' ''When I Fall in Love'' and ''It Never Entered My Mind'' into breathtaking stories of seduction.
By now it is a dusty cliché, if no less true for being overused, that much of what was characteristic of American art in the 20th century arose from sources long thought unacceptably plebeian.
Open daily 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.
It has nice grounds and is in a residential area.
Salaries for New York City schoolteachers range from $31,910 to $70,000.
This way, it stays in the charity corner and it hampers the development of more sustainable ways to get medicines to people.''
But on the morning of the mutiny, which happened to be his birthday, Dr. Matthew apparently concluded that inspirational rhetoric would not keep the hospital open.
Carlos Decosta, an electrical engineer on the transition team, reported there as well.
The Brearley House is at the end of Meadow Road off of Princeton Pike, beside the Princessville Cemetery.
If the eye is partially or completely closed while the car is in motion, the device might alert the driver by ''sounding an alarm, shaking the seat, increasing the audio volume or emitting a strong stimulating gas,'' the patent said.
SOMERSET COUNTY PARK COMMISSION Annual festival of trees, featuring variations of holiday trees and wreath decorations displayed indoors.
UNDER a so-called Class 9, or worst-case meltdown scenario at Indian Point 3 reactor alone, the report estimated peak property damage at $314 billion, in 1982 dollars.
doormen, concierge, high ceilings, h/w floors; health club, roof deck and children's playroom in building; common charge, $425; taxes $5,136; listed at $625,000, 13 weeks on market (Broker: Halstead Property Co.) MURRAY HILL $365,000 630 First Avenue (36th Street) (Manhattan Place) 1-bedroom, 1-bath, 640-sq.-ft. condo in a postwar building; 24-hr.
In the Oklahoma City bombing, for example, the federal prosecution went first.
Others monitor what is said and will delete offensive material.
Reserve a mezzanine table, knowing that the room's velvet curtains will not absorb all the live jazz or techno beat.
SCORECARD -- The ad manages to invoke the attack on the World Trade Center without depicting it or even mentioning it.
He is listed as the Giants' fourth wide receiver behind Hilliard, Toomer and Joe Jurevicius.
But other legal experts said the verdict was no surprise.
Senator Graham's pending bill would provide federal financing for local initiatives to combat Ecstasy use, giving priority to communities ''passing ordinances restricting rave clubs'' and ''seizing lands under nuisance abatement laws to make new restrictions on an establishment's use.''
Nor is it even the accumulation of troubles.
Mr. Schenk, the airline adviser, sees a similar risk.
That may help explain why, with Washington State and the nation in recession and the tourism industry particularly hard hit, Leavenworth is booming.
Dear sister of Irving, Joseph and Herbert Rothchild.
They think the quicker they can clean it, the better they look.
It's hard to say what the impact of this report will be.
Turning away, she said softly in Spanish, almost as though to herself, ''I don't know what holds me here.''
''He would just slough it off as not worth talking about whenever I asked,'' she said.
Although Harrys is billed as a steakhouse and oyster bar, when compared with other offerings here, grilled meats were considerably less interesting.
I look at a lot of things when things were going bad, to get a perspective.
Terry F. Lenzner, chairman of Investigative Group International, a corporate security concern, said increased surveillance of the flow of money might have prevented the attacks by identifying people who had received money from Osama bin Laden or other terrorists.
The report also showed a variety of differences in performance by sex.
In 1990, the question included more detailed instructions: ''Print one group, for example: Argentinian, Colombian, Dominican, Nicaraguan, Salvadoran, Spaniard, and so on.''
Mr. Eckel has traditional bows and enjoys shooting them.
At first, the killing seems to be an open-and-shut case for which Richard stands to serve life imprisonment.
Brant Light, the Montana county attorney who is prosecuting the cases against Mr. Bar-Jonah, does not see it that way.
Selig upheld the trade, but White Sox General Manager Kenny Williams offered to make changes if the Blue Jays produced medical reports of Mike Williams's injury.
And next April, on its world cruise, the Navigator will stop at Athens and Taormina, Sicily, instead of Ashdod, Israel.
''Of course we anticipate a reaction to the proposal, and we will have a lot of discussion on the issue before finalizing a policy that would be implemented for the 2002-2003 school year.''
Assemblyman Guy F.Talarico, one of three who opposed the bill in the Assembly, called the law the beginnings of an ''elaborate police state.''
The petition has stirred a longstanding debate about the advisability of restoring aging works of art, in which each side accuses the other of advocating malpractice.
She was a Barnard College student of anthropology at the time.
''It started a lot of people thinking that a producers' guild was definitely needed.''
Like Boggs, Ichiro is a singles hitter with deceptive power.
The indigo consoles will be 50 percent of the next shipment.
The lawsuit is the culmination of five years of growing animosity between one town's two rival baseball leagues.
SHAWN E. POWELL His Glass Was Full Shawn E. Powell was the firefighter with the light touch.
''The departure of educated people from Colombia represents a significant brain drain,'' said Bruce Bagley, a leading Colombia expert at the University of Miami.
Gimelstob, 24, served for the match at 5-4 in the second set.
Brad Hvolbeck, a realtor usually dressed in business attire, emerged from his bedroom wearing jeans and a black leather jacket.
Otis Rhodes, the assistant chief of police in Walterboro, S.C., in the south part of the state.
Snow's purpose was to build 300 feet of dry stone wall around a fruit and vegetable garden.
But ''Band of Brothers'' reflects Mr. Spielberg's and Mr. Hanks's vision and has an enduring place in the wide landscape of war movies, which has been more visible than ever in recent months.
''Wondrous Journeys: The Walters Collection From Egyptian Tombs to Medieval Castles'' is on permanent view.
GEORGIANA: Duchess of Devonshire, by Amanda Foreman.
Microsoft, which spends more than $200 million for campaigns aimed at businesses, hopes the campaign will convince companies that Microsoft can help them achieve their goals in the digital world.
18 Florida State rebounded from its worst regular-season loss since 1983 with a victory over Wake Forest in Tallahassee, Fla. Rix was almost perfect with short and long throws, leading Florida State (3-1, 2-1 Atlantic Coast Conference) on six straight first-half scoring drives for a 42-7 lead.
The city already owned several old cars, including one dating back to 1912.
But Herbert E. Nass, a Manhattan lawyer and author of ''Wills of the Rich and Famous'' (Random House) says everyone should do it -- regardless of age -- and even those whose net worth hovers somewhere between low and really low.
Accordingly, Mr. Pfeffer said, as long as the developer complies with the applicable laws, and does not do anything that would directly injure or encroach on the letter writer's property, the developer generally will not be responsible for costs associated with maintaining the letter writer's exterior wall or other parts of the building.
''It's like a moth being attracted to a flame,'' he said.
With virtually the entire United States population riveted on the terrorist attack and its aftermath, he figures, the recent commotion about stem-cell ethics will be forgotten and the field will take off, Nirav predicts.
Britain formally advised the United Nations yesterday that it would lead a security force in Kabul, Afghanistan, and that an advance contingent of 200 soldiers was expected to arrive by Saturday for the swearing in of the interim government.
''Storytelling and Puppetry'' series, for children ages 6 to 12.
''I set the play during the civil rights movement because I wanted to show that our society takes life all the time.
Their owners and trainers, too, want to show they have great horses.
The babies looked at the correct monitor often enough to indicate that they understood the specific association.
Uncle and Godfather of Evan Saraceno.
Announced QB Greg Cicero was granted a medical redshirt and will have two seasons of eligibility remaining.
The miasma spews from three million cars, buses and trucks, and from thousands of dirty companies and dump sites.
And just as Yoda has become one of the most beloved figures in fantasy filmmaking, so has Jar Jar Binks, a chattering, dreadlocked alien geek apparently designed to enchant generations of children, become one of the most abhorred.
American citizens are concerned about illegal migration while Mexicans see border issues as partly about economics but also about human rights.
(The whole university has about 20,000 full-time and 2,100 part-time students.)
At 18, he ran 3:55.3 at the national A.A.U.
Nel Blu is not overpriced if one considers its ambience, service and generally fine food, but may seem so to neighborhood regulars.
Atlanta's Jamal Anderson averaged 3.9 yards a carry, and the Ravens' Jason Brookins, a first-year running back, averaged 4.1 yards.
But even as I had these thoughts I was looking across to Mr.
''They're the more intellectual school.''
68, surprised 15th-seeded MAGDALENA MALEEVA, 6-3, 3-6, 6-3. .
Christopher Byron, a columnist for Bloomberg News, calls Phoenix Online ''the single greatest improvement in higher education since the condom.''
The most valuable response by far is ''Panjshiri,'' meaning that one is an ethnic Tajik from the Panjshir Valley, the birthplace of Ahmed Shah Massoud, the alliance's assassinated leader.
In neighboring Garden City Park they make up a fifth of the population.
In lieu of flowers or gifts, contributions may be made in his name to The Wagner Free Institute of Science, 1700 W. Montgomery Ave., Phila., PA 19121 (215) 763-6529 or to The Tenney Memorial Library, PO Box 85, Newbury, VT 05051 (802) 866-5539.
On one front, a drive by Secretary of State Colin L. Powell to modify sanctions against Iraq had to be suspended at the United Nations after Russia threatened to veto the proposal.
Mr. Rabbani is a former president of Afghanistan, ousted by the Taliban.
They typically sell off the fixed-rate loans but keep the adjustable ones on the balance sheet as assets.
Syphilis is on the rise in San Francisco, health officials said, driven by men having unprotected sex with multiple male partners.
Modernizing them will be expensive, analysts said.
His mother is the billing manager at the Daytop Village Preparatory School in Hartsdale, N.Y. His father is the vice president for creative services of Color by Pergament, a photographic services company in New York.
On closer inspection, the cluster reveals itself as a work of art, a geometric drawing realized in reeds and reflected back by the water.
The survey, by Colliers International, a real estate services company, found that reserved parking in underground or covered structures averaged $590 a month in Midtown and $510 a month downtown.
In a show of bipartisan unity, Democrats in Congress bypassed an opportunity to offer a televised response to Mr. Bush's address.
The new look arrived with the Evoq concept roadster of 1999 and was carried further with the Imaj design study last year.
The Jets' final game of the season is at Oakland.
''My style is to partner first and pound later, to open discussion up, not shut it down, to work it out before going to war, to negotiate first and to rumble later, to motivate,'' he said.
I ask my uncle if he will consider returning to the United States.
''We feel more urgently the importance of extending the benefits of personal asset ownership.
Capstone Turbine lowered its third-quarter and full-year sales forecast yesterday, driving its shares down nearly 30 percent to a 52-week low.
Diners rappelled the zenith of decadence nightly, often at home and certainly in restaurants around town, where meals for $100 a person were almost considered thrifty.
KATE ZERNIKE, KAREN W. ARENSON and ANEMONA HARTOCOLLIS
William Moorcroft of the British East India Company, one of the first Westerners to visit the region in the 19th century, found the steppes exotic and lawless.
Dennis Rivera, president of the union, 1199/S.E.I.U., New York's Health and Human Service Union, said he requested the contract extension because it was hard to concentrate on negotiations in the aftermath of the attack on the World Trade Center on Sept. 11.
In a program note to that play, Strehler wrote: ''Beckett told me that, in one way or another, his characters always wanted to affirm life, even if it was the worst of all possible conditions.''
The bank plans to integrate CSFBdirect with the online brokerage unit of Harris Bank, its Chicago-based subsidiary, to create Harris Direct Investing.
In the typical accounting fraud case, the auditors say they were fooled.
This recently renovated restaurant, a landmark for Wall Street workers, is housed in the landmark India House, built in 1851.
On March 12 Cirque inaugurated a new step toward the Cité project, an $11 million workshop with spaces for hundreds of mask makers, dyers, costume seamstresses and artisans who fashion the trapezes and high-wire hardware.
And so the show includes musical pictures, chairs, a trivet, a shoe brush, a beer stein, a clock with a rocking ship and a rotating Christmas tree stand, as well as a talking doll.
Canseco, who two nights earlier was playing in the minors with the Newark Bears, went 1 for 5 as a designated hitter in his Chicago debut.
Barring a draw, one fighter's career will take a major step forward, while the loser will take a step backward for the first time in years.
Alex Tanguay had a goal and an assist, and Scott Parker had three assists as the Avalanche moved a point ahead of idle Edmonton.
Clearly, the formality involved when a major orchestra presents a public concert is touchier.
At his show he was resplendent in a double-breasted suit and a hat with a red band that matched the carnation in his lapel, and he delighted revelers with renditions of blues classics ranging from Earl Hooker's soft and reflective ''Anna Lee'' to the rollicking Muddy Waters classic ''I've Got My Mojo Working.''
What drove them to bid so much?
''God bless him,'' he said, ''it couldn't happen to a nicer guy.''
You might as well give up the right to concentrate as well.
At accounts run by the Vanguard Group, the nation's fourth-largest 401(k) administrator, contribution rates rose from 7 percent of pay for the average worker in 1999 to 8.2 percent in May.
The campaign here has lasted nearly two weeks, during which American warplanes dropped thousands of tons of bombs in an effort to to finish off Mr. bin Laden's forces.
(+) 5 235 DR. ATKINS' NEW DIET REVOLUTION, by Robert C. Atkins.
In 2000, the country received the largest number of asylum applications, 97,900 or 22 percent of the total number of applications lodged in Europe.
MIKULAY-Emmie S. Of Whitefish Bay, WI, formerly of Brooklyn, NY.
She said she did not recall the second incident.
How much easier to sit back and snipe at the efforts of yourself and others.
Such stocks can be more volatile, hence more costly, for market makers to take positions in and trade.''
What had happened to Moss, whom Madden calls a ''field tilter,'' a player capable of single-handedly changing the course of the game?
Mr. Patitucci, who's played on and off with Mr.
For a few years between Palestinian uprisings, Christmas was a jubilant affair here as tourists packed shops like the King David and jammed services in the fourth-century Church of the Nativity.
Research offers hope that millions of our loved ones may be cured of a disease and rid of their suffering.
It runs to 511 pages, which few members have actually digested.
In the early 1990's, I.B.M.
In 1795, George Washington's nomination of John Rutledge to be chief justice was scuttled because Rutledge had criticized the Jay Treaty.
The Onion has tasted the fierce gamesmanship of rival publications, as when The New Yorker challenged it to a softball game later this spring.
What people don't realize is that we come back to the White House and present their position -- unadorned -- too.''
The same can be said for most trademarks.
Music and this church's history converge in memories of Robeson, whose older brother, the Rev.
In Atlanta and Memphis, they dominate the construction and landscaping trades.
By the time he was 25, he was a sales manager.
Anderson immediately realized that this was a perfect touch.
His relatives have not been allowed to see him or to attend his secret trials, and they said they had no reliable information on his medical condition.
Dear brother of Sandy Getz.
The couple sitting to my right at Le Rendez-Vous restaurant in Kenilworth had a bottle of Château Ducru-Beaucaillou on their table.
Yankee's projections, however, suggest that return rates will grow more aggressively than many pundits previously foresaw.
Fein and Schneider lay down the basic rules of courtesy in what is, for them, an indulgent tone -- no more of the drill sergeant do-this's and don't-do-that's barked out in the first ''Rules'' book.
The team was young and chaotic.
As the escape wheel rotates clockwise, the entry pallet is the first to meet an escape wheel tooth, and the exit pallet is the last.
''There are those who believe a political settlement is not possible because they don't trust Arafat's intentions or Sharon's intentions.''
In a 1980 reprint of ''Desperate Characters,'' Irving Howe wrote an afterword placing it in a grand American tradition of short novels, from ''Billy Budd'' to ''Seize the Day.''
The consensus seems to be that while the Islamic government invades its citizens' personal lives far more than that of the shah, it also inspires national pride and provides educational opportunities and medical services to those who would never have enjoyed them under the old regime.
She is survived by her youngest sister Deborah Almlof of Victor, NY, three sons David, Ira and Robert, eight grandchildren and seven great grandchildren.
The bridegroom, 32, is the executive vice president of JumpStart Wireless, a software company in Boca Raton, for which he is opening a New York office.
In lieu of flowers, contributions may be sent to Christ Church, 17 Sagamore Road, Bronxville, New York 10708, or the New York Botanical Garden, 200th Street and Kazimiroff Boulevard, Bronx, N.Y. 10458.
In speaking about his meetings with Merce, Mr. Long said he was deeply impressed by Merce's ease, by the grace and integrity with which Merce entered into the play of making art.
Defenseman Ken Sutton was scratched from the lineup.
Serna had three goals in the victory over Dallas and was voted the league's player of the week.
Pierre Dagenais and Patrik Elias had the other goals for the Devils against Roman Cechmanek, who faced 27 shots.
In his 1989 novel, ''My Secret History,'' Theroux first tried on the Rothian strategy of the ''counterlife'' narration, creating a protagonist who could be seen to live a life almost adjacent to the author's own: Theroux's life as experienced by someone else, or something similar.
A girl who looks about 4 gnaws on one of the bright yellow food packets that have been airdropped by the United States.
Some of the local chapters are now calling for even more radical changes, including the direct election of the prime minister.
'' 'Einfühlung,' said Vera. ''
Hindery would not comment yesterday.
John attended Mercer County Community College for a time and then went to Florida Institute of Technology in Melbourne, where he studied to be a pilot.
In the mid-1950's, with Mr. McNally as president, the company, based in Skokie, Ill., turned out more than a quarter-million items a year, including globes and atlases, in addition to 65 million road maps.
Mr. Beattie founded New Visions for Public Schools, a local nonprofit group, and served on the Board of Education in the mid-1980's.
''Sometimes the four of us would sleep together in our queen-size bed.''
Ms. Bailey noted that some of the quilts appeared attractive to modern eyes, while others use color combinations that were popular in the 19th century but that seem odd today.
If you won't, Congress eventually will force me to cut off all aid to you, put you on the terrorism list and use all our means to delegitimize you.
Maz predicted that Ozzie Smith, who was to shortstops what Maz was to second basemen, would be voted into the Hall of Fame, maybe next January in his first year of eligibility in the Baseball Writers Association of America vote.
The age that extended (depending on whom you ask) from sometime after the Civil War to sometime after World War II was one of scientific and technological optimism, of expanding personal and social freedoms and accelerating material abundance.
''This was supposed to cap Jack Welch's career, but maybe Jeff Immelt is not so anxious to take on an asset that is stripped of the very things that made G.E.
Mr. Dubinsky, returned from exile, said: ''We now have six or seven years of this particular environment where people think this is what employee ownership means.
''I was not in a position to discuss numbers or operational issues,'' Mr. Brahimi said.
They also will pay close attention to whether he defends his ban on federal money for international family planning agencies that perform or promote abortions, and whether he supports religious charities that want to receive federal financing while maintaining their right to not hire homosexuals.
And leaders for Eskimo communities said that although they benefited from the oil industry, development was leaving deep scars on their culture.
They ran the 1999 and 2000 New York marathons together.
On Wednesday the House Financial Services Committee will begin the Congressional debate over whether to renew the Iran and Libya Sanctions Act, whose enforcement has also been delayed, for another five years.
Sadly, Saf Link got boxed in and finished a desultory fourth; Tortellini Ted finished on Tuesday.
Mr. Pierce said the secretary, Tommy G. Thompson, had not used his new authority.
Leave aside the question of reparations for the heirs of other American soldiers, including those who died fighting Nazism, those who died fighting the British monarchy and those who died imposing colonial authority over the Philippines and Puerto Rico.
A few days before Christmas, a federal judge issued a temporary order halting Ms. Castagnetta's ban.
There are concerns, and one of the biggest is the lack of textbooks in the Latin alphabet.
James R. Gorny, technical director of the International Fresh-Cut Produce Association, said the industry had been working with the government to emphasize what it could do to increase the safety of its food supply.
Many analysts figure Nextel could go well into 2003 without having to raise cash.
But the judge said the department lacked the authority to use such tests, and ordered that the plant remain open.
On or about Dec. 11, 2000, Mohamed Atta purchased flight deck videos for the Boeing 767 Model 300ER and the Airbus A320 Model 200 from the Ohio Pilot Store.
''I think what this means is if these groups are indeed carrying out these kinds of attacks, that process will have to be accelerated.''
''It's quite large,'' Mr. Frankin said.
Many types of amplified speakers, including those used with desktop computers, can be susceptible to radio-frequency interference.
''Rooks and rills and brooks and dirt roads and gardens and farms.
But it seems the Good Goran can please plenty of people lately, even himself.
The Group of 20 nations, a group of leading rich and emerging economies, pledged to do whatever was needed to curb the flow of funds to extremist groups.
And Dr. Salaki makes house calls.
When they do speak to voters about their concerns, the two candidates present remarkably similar views.
Under the Frist-Kennedy bill, the Justice Department could grant drug companies an exemption from the antitrust laws so they could collaborate in the testing, manufacture and sale of drugs and vaccines needed to cope with the threat of bioterrorism.
But the elevation of boldface-name celebrities to the graduation podium has intensified in the last decade, said Thomas F. Daly 3rd, former managing editor of Vital Speeches of the Day, a biweekly journal that has been publishing speeches since 1934.
March Madness is not about affirmative action, despite the presence of so many predominantly black teams representing predominantly white colleges.
Besides ''The Flying Dutchman,'' performed without intermission in German with supertitles, the 10 weeks ending Nov. 18 will offer new productions of Gilbert and Sullivan's ''Mikado,'' Bellini's ''Capulets and the Montagues,'' Monteverdi's ''Return of Ulysses'' and Drattell's ''Lilith.''
He did suggest that Mayor Giuliani replace a sisal carpet installed during the Koch years.
He lacks proper documents and so cannot open a bank account.
''It does throw you off at first when you see someone sitting in a room, talking to himself,'' Low said.
They get together for lunch at someplace like Sweet and Tart Cafe in Chinatown or Craft in the Flatiron district and talk about the food before them, the world, their childhoods, their travels, anything that occurs to them.
''Those things were very important to him,'' said Mr. Lalama's sister Teresa Sweeney, in whose basement the wine press is now lovingly kept.
Still, Mike Love, the group's lead singer, despised the new music, holding extra bile for Mr.
The eruptions would appear unlikely to cause the quick die-offs indicated by Dr. Ward's data.
Officials said that in the meantime, vaccine from the existing stockpile could be delivered anywhere in the country within hours of a call about a confirmed or suspected case.
She is a photography researcher for the documentary filmmaker Ken Burns, which makes her responsible for tracking down the thousands of historical photographs that contribute to the richly atomspheric quality of his films.
A 17-year-old couldn't think of anything to do with $10,000?
Result: ''The damn thing burned down,'' Mrs. Carr said.
The official said the American food drops were important at this moment because the bombing, which started Sunday evening, had disrupted truck and train deliveries of relief food within Afghanistan.
''He didn't have the same identity card number,'' an unidentified Interior Ministry official told the newspaper Mlada Fronta Dnes.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
You don't see that very often.
''From a global perspective, the United States is a third-world country when it comes to herbal products.''
For the three-month period that will end on March 31, Ericsson said it expected to lose four billion to five billion Swedish kronor ($405 million to $507 million), with sales flat compared with the 2000 quarter.
Everybody went, including Wellington Mara,'' the team's co-owner.
A proposal by Sen. Phil Gramm of Texas also seeks to increase the number of guest workers.
Bryant estimated that about 20 boys play field hockey each year in the state, most of them in western Massachusetts.
We extend our condolences to the entire bereaved family.
The Jets will not be able to get under the salary cap simply by restructuring contracts.
At the top of a long drive flanked by imposing red brick houses sprouting Norman turrets, Federal arches and Colonial pediments, sometimes all at once, a lean, low modern structure hovers in an overgrown wood as if it had just landed.
He now serves on the company's board of advisers.
John tirelessly gave to the Red Cross working with victims of disasters, teaching classes and galvanizing and training scores of volunteers.
Denver Coach Mike Shanahan, who had unsuccessfully challenged the previous play -- an incomplete pass to fullback Greg Comella that Denver might have considered a fumble -- also challenged the touchdown.
In addition to her regular Christmas Day routine, Mrs. Bochroch delivered homemade cookies and hot meals to needy families on Long Island.
That's supposed to be Miami or Los Angeles or New York.
Gatherings like those orchestrated by Ms. Alhäuser or Mr. Tiravanija now take place in the profane space of the museum or gallery, but in their evocation of the sacred rite of breaking bread together, they reach deep into our past.
It is expected to make its first public statement about Groh's departure and its aftermath today, although nobody seems to know what will be said or who, in fact, will be saying it.
Bill Ulrey, the policy director for the Franks campaign, said that the caps would impose fiscal discipline that would reduce government spending and taxes for everyone.
Full of laziness, weakness and helplessness.
Russian officials have said they would view the construction of missile silos at Fort Greely as a violation of the Antiballistic Missile Treaty, signed in 1972 by the United States and the Soviet Union to prohibit national missile defense systems.
Ryutaro Hashimoto, a former prime minister and leader of the party's largest faction, was Mr. Koizumi's most important rival in today's election, and the Hashimoto faction is the one most clearly associated with maintaining the postal savings system.
As this process played out, Lucent largely lost the ability to forecast its financial results accurately (and requirements for components from other companies).
In January, Agassi was able to withstand the kind of serve-and-volley game from Rafter that is so well suited to the grass.
The 19 stipulations occupy two pages and include a provision that the commercials may appear only on programs with audiences in which a minimum of 85 percent of viewers are 21 and older.
He looks for businesses in which earnings growth over the next two to three years may be underestimated by Wall Street and will exceed that of the S.& P. 500.
''On the other hand, we have an obligation to analyze these products to make sure whether they're something we regulate.''
The multiple enemies of ancient Israel become the single enemy of us all: Satan, the adversary whom God, through Cain, once allowed to invent murder.
The hero-worshiping student, already twice a published author, is brought on in the first scene, never to appear again.
With each summit meeting this year, the demonstrations have grown louder, and more violent, and in some ways more effective.
They were especially interested in two of her articles, ''Cleanup on Aisle Nine: Woman Gives Birth in Grocery Store'' and ''Milkmen: Fathers Who Breastfeed.''
First, the children learned the drill: say your name and where you go to school.
Hours: Sundays, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Mondays through Thursdays, 9 a.m. to 9:45 p.m.; Fridays, 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. 605 Pascack Road, Washington Township.
It is certainly true that Mr. Kabila, who sometimes frustrated even his allies with his reluctance to accept aspects of the peace negotiations, did not always agree with Mr. Mugabe.
In ''A Compassionate Leave,'' a young G.I.
During Mr. Vallone's tenure on the Council, it has approved various school construction and modernization projects and recently voted to give more money to the city's Meals on Wheels program.
The frenzied overexpansion that made the late 1990's so prosperous is gone.
''After that story, there was so much buzz about pardons,'' said a long-time Democratic fund-raiser, who said a person contacted him for help with a pardon.
''I am pleased, and also surprised; globalization has its downsides and one has been unrestricted capital flow.''
''There are basically two ways people can buy renter's insurance,'' she said.
And if the sale does not go through, Torborg would be paid for the two years left on his contract.
''It's 'have program, will travel.'
''It was a beautiful, sunny, gorgeous day,'' Mr. Green said, then paused.
The flood of litigation partly reflects the growth in the number of equity investors during the bull market of the 1990's.
The oil companies would get cheap assets and a lot of the old management's thievery would be obscured.''
Wilpon may now live in a large home on Long Island, but he still serves Dr. Brown's cream soda to his guests, maintains close boyhood friendships -- one old Brooklyn pal is Sandy Koufax -- and enjoys talking about his immigrant Jewish grandmother, who pushed a fruits-and-vegetables cart along the streets of Williamsburg; his father, who presided over a small Brooklyn funeral parlor on Coney Island Avenue; and his sister Iris's husband, Saul Katz, his partner ever since way back when they had nothing.
The result is a ''study of postwar Scotland as a land rich in beauty but barren of new life,'' Marilyn Stasio wrote here last year.
Offensive guard RANDY THOMAS (ankle) is still questionable, but he practiced today for the first time since missing three games with a high ankle sprain, which he has been told will take six to eight months to heal.
As speakers ascended to the pulpit of St. John the Divine to remember him, the picture they rendered was of a man gentle to the point of folksy in his manner and yet so precise in his work that he added up to an elegant riddle.
The National Basketball Association approved the relocation of the Grizzlies to Memphis on July 3.
He has not been home since 1995, the year before the Taliban seized the capital.
''A good autopsy uncovers the true disease process,'' Dr. Davis said.
But over the next seven weeks, racing officials must make the general public take the event as seriously as the world's finest horsemen do.
Then, a judge ruled that it was unlawful to bind actors to a single studio for years at a time, turning actors into free agents and ushering in the death of Hollywood's studio system.
Few question the need for vast improvements in therapy for heart failure.
Her parents, Dr. Patricia Littman and Dr. Philip Littman, live in Black Earth, Wis.
To prevent a tide of Pashtun solidarity that could help reinforce the Taliban, the president of Pakistan, Gen. Pervez Musharraf, must speak out against the possibility of any division of Afghanistan, a senior diplomat in Islamabad said.
''Our philosophy is that you don't have to come at family comedies straight down the middle,'' said Gail Berman, Fox's president for entertainment, adding that the sitcoms ''hold up a mirror to show us who we really are.''
The Merino view was painted on everything from pottery to furniture.
Obviously, his conditioning isn't going to be at its peak, but he'll make us better and gives us the hope of being improved when he comes back.
''A couple weeks ago I took pictures of Pamela Anderson at this incredibly decadent party in the Hollywood Hills,'' he said.
For the Australian government, the case of Mr. Hicks presents diplomatic, legal and political problems.
Some rivals say that the latest plan, under which Swiss businesses and government agencies finance the cost of transferring most Swissair operations to its former regional subsidiary, Crossair, counts as a second rescue of Swissair.
LOWER MANHATTAN Melting Down Winter With Modern Dance On three consecutive Wednesdays this month, modern dance companies will give free performances in the Winter Garden at the World Financial Center.
Mr. O'Reilly said it was unclear whether a copy of the exam had been stolen and passed around or the students had recognized questions that had also been on practice exams.
Although the former commander of that squadron, Lt. Col. Odin F. Leberman, is at the center of that inquiry, the investigators are also looking into the possibility that Marine generals who oversaw the Osprey program knew of and perhaps even encouraged improper behavior at New River, military officials say.
The Blazers were also fined $5,000 for having a player leave the bench area.
The ranger Anna Pigeon investigates a life-or-death mystery among the grizzlies of Glacier National Park.
Oddly, I didn't mind returning to the real world with my little book of vouchers.
Without elaboration, Mr. Fischer said the discussions would be based on ''new ideas'' by the Israelis.
's en masse to run wild at Eisenhower Park or to boogie board at the Ocean Club in Atlantic Beach.
All that stood in the way of getting those licenses was the resolution of the lawsuit filed by Mr. Olson.
Mr. Geyer of Brobeck, who says he is in the middle range on the partner pay scale, had 15 years of advertising experience at J. Walter Thompson, as well as six years in Pricewaterhouse's marketing department.
Instead, they carefully decide what the sanctions should be, within guidelines.
Stevan Todorovic, 44, the former police chief for the town of Bosanski Samac, was found guilty of persecution of non-Serbs and sentenced to 10 years in prison.
In lieu of flowers donations may be made in memory of Patti to the Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation, POB 650309, Dallas Texas 75265-0309 by request of her family.
Services will be held on Friday, April 27th at 1PM, Hillside Memorial Park, 6001 Centinela Ave, Los Angeles, CA.
Ms. Cheney may be right in suggesting that there is no sense in which terrorism is ''our fault.''
And what turned him around on the death penalty, after decades of trying to ensure that it was imposed fairly, was his realization that it could never be imposed fairly.
''I don't think I had a day like that in Little League,'' Cameron said.
They hire their own camera operators to shoot the interviews and therefore control the raw tapes.
''I've actually stolen -- I prefer that to inspired by -- much of the idea from 'The Sunshine Boys,' '' Ms. Fisher adds, referring to Neil Simon's comedy about two aging vaudeville stars.
However, in an instance that the epidemiologist said she did not attach great significance to, a study in Woburn, Mass., conducted by the Massachusetts Department of Health in 1996 found an association between a cluster of childhood leukemia and drinking water contaminated with trichloroethylene.
Pamela Gien was cited for outstanding solo performance for ''The Syringa Tree.''
+ means discounted tickets were at the Theater Development Fund's TKTS booth for performances last Friday and Saturday nights.
Few things are uglier than watching a mammoth center, back to the basket, bang his way to the hoop while dribbling or trying to get position for a pass as the defender tries to hold his ground.
Sampras and Haas last met in 1996, when Sampras, the world's best player at age 25, beat the 18-year-old Haas.
But she loses the money, and we follow her through the city as she tries to find it, encountering colorful shopkeepers and a sinister snake charmer.
He also interviewed for the coaching vacancy with the Portland Trail Blazers.
Helping the airlines will also ripple through the economy by helping hotels, restaurants, rental car companies and other businesses hurt by the downturn in travel, they said.
Roger Clemens, Orlando Hernández and Mike Mussina put on impressive pitching performances in the three-game sweep, serving notice perhaps that the Yankees' pitching patrol is prepared to perform as it has the past several postseasons.
Not shown in the photographs on display were the technical, cultural and organizational gymnastics involved in getting KUYI on the air, such as the positioning of the antenna.
A crucial implication of Dr. Hunt's work is the potential for bias in fields in which virtual reality simulations (often simply called V.R.
Loving father of Gregory Alfieri and Nicole Alfieri Hanlon.
''With Sartre there was a reason,'' he said.
Over the next five decades, his reputation grew.
Since his debut with ''Under the Bright Lights'' (1986), Woodrell has been preoccupied with the complicated emotional claims of family amid the harsh backcountry of his native Ozarks.
Here it is classic with lacquered skin and moist meat.
Yalom scours the record for firsthand evidence of any wives who enjoyed affection and respect, even when tradition deemed them wholly owned by their husbands.
They can also be ordered online through CDNow.com and Amazon.com.
''There was clearly a divide between us and the civil servants, between the ambitious and mobile and those who had a career job there,'' she said.
Mr. McGreevey's caution is as much a product of his personality as of his campaign playbook.
Houston, who will soon become the highest-paid player in Knicks history, has more than himself in mind.
Although many choreographic notions in this satire on funeral customs remained undeveloped, some were grimly amusing enough to make one wish Ms. Blum would develop them further.
Thus, as a doctoral candidate at Fordham University's Tarrytown campus, I was dragged, kicking and screaming, into Dr. Kathleen P. King's statistics classroom last fall.
In a small pot, combine sugar with 1/4 cup water, and bring to a boil, stirring until sugar dissolves.
To the Editor: Re ''Death Penalty Reform'' (editorial, March 12): Anyone on death row who asks for DNA testing should be able to get it.
Under draft legislation before the European Commission, the countries are seeking a uniform interpretation of what constitutes a refugee under the 1951 convention.
Ralph is having a torrid affair with a young woman from Montana whom Jim, engaged as a go-between, eventually woos and weds for himself.
When she is first hired, Wei Minzhi, the substitute teacher in ''Not One Less'' -- a 13-year-old girl no bigger and no smarter than her unruly pupils -- is told that she will forfeit her bonus if any of the children drop out.
Erin Elbe scored six goals to lead the Hoyas (17-3), who had their nine-game winning streak snapped.
But then I began to notice how the crowd ebbed and flowed.
''People are leaving their own place.''
''They're crazy, but I love them!''
Anderson, a pacifist Quaker and an economist, is the intellectual force behind what is often called the ''do no harm movement.''
But the urge to return to competition was overwhelming and, after reaching an insurance settlement with Lloyd's of London, Stevens returned to racing last October.
Now, relations with Russia are good.
''Before we came here I was completely oblivious to everything that happened outside America,'' she said as she sprawled on her living room carpet surrounded by her family.
Those decisions have to be made like other life decisions.
That is, unless something crazy happened.
Too obscure to qualify even as a trivia question, it has managed to gain a foothold on New York menus.
In April, 40 years after they had first met, they were married.
Unlike some of Mr. Golub's other endeavors, ''Vietnam II'' has no historical or artistic source.
02148; (781) 322-8197, fax (781) 397-8610; www.rollaround.org.
My hope is the market's advance will be slow and steady.''
It's not only an opportunity to learn, but an opportunity to problem-solve for Intel.''
''But that's just my mind over my body.
Kocholo, 38, is an ethnic Tira, one of the Nuba tribes to hold fast to traditions like ritual scarring.
Despite the inadequate number of new meters, the unplowed lots and the confusing designation of legal parking spaces, $25 parking tickets are aggressively distributed.
''I guess I should determine if I hand the baton off to Michael Bloomberg or Peter Vallone,'' Mr. Giuliani said.
As with most historical relics, though, there are gaps in what is known of the flag's exact place in history.
Their largest investment last year was pitcher Mike Mussina, but the Yankees will undoubtedly concentrate on restocking their lineup for 2002.
The firm worked on the new baseball stadium and the football stadium under construction -- both of which sit right atop the fault zone.
After the announcement, the yen briefly fell in value, and government bond yields tumbled.
Wotan tries to finagle this, breaking sacred covenants he has sworn to uphold and thwarting the system of checks and balances that keep his fearsome power from being absolute.
Kevin Morgan, the director of minor league operations, spoke with Escobar two weeks ago and did not sense any lingering disappointment over his demotion.
Except for all the commercial travel, this is a lot easier.''
Late Tuesday night, Israeli helicopter gunships killed four Palestinian militiamen near the Khan Yunis refugee camp, in retaliation, Israel said, for Palestinian mortar fire on army positions and a Jewish settlement.
Seven players scored in a 25-9 run to open the game.
They do not take their marriage vows as binding under all circumstances and for all time, but they often approach the question of divorce in a morally serious way, reserving it as an option when the price of excessive loyalty is unwanted cruelty toward spouse or child.
Swindell was 2-6 with a save and a 3.20 earned run average in 64 relief appearances for Arizona last season.
And in Rochester, many of the city's telecommunications and technology companies can trace their roots to Kodak's layoffs during the 1980's.
It's not often that the typically rough-and-tumble atmosphere of the comedy stage softens enough to allow such moments of delicate human tenderness.
After proposing her for the role in ''Romeo,'' he said, he also ''pushed very hard for her'' on ''Queen of the Damned.''
''Here's a ringing endorsement of bean day!''
His conservative choices would have shown a 34.2 percent gain by now, compared with a 12.8 percent gain for Mr. O'Neal's portfolio, according to Morningstar Inc. Mr. Costas's approach to that contest says much about his attitude toward money -- a view heavily influenced in his childhood by a father who was an inveterate gambler.
The Panthers didn't manage a shot until nearly 22 minutes into the game and trailed, 2-0, when Aleksei Kovalev scored at 5:24 of the third, only to tie it on goals by Pavel Bure and Viktor Kozlov.
Of Rye, New York, died Friday, July 13, 2001, on the day of his 92nd birthday at the Osborn Pavilion.
What once seemed an inevitable death sentence may now be, at least for some, a long-term manageable disease.
''But we won't really know the damage until Tuesday or later,'' Mrs. Williams said, sitting inside the two-story brick-and-stone Greek Revival house that she so lovingly restored that it earned a place on the National Registry of Historic Places.
But he repeated the Israeli position that there would be no ''political negotiations,'' as he put it, until hostilities cease.
The staff will help with ownership transfer and other practicalities.
Notably absent from the list are those of budgetary implications.
Now there's a book toy that is just about to pop into the stores that is totally different from anything I saw.
''Did you pray for me while I was away?''
Even when Mr. Bollore has not gotten his way, he has usually come out ahead financially.
Steve decided he wasn't going in that direction and I agreed with him.
Joel Westheimer, an assistant professor of education, said that although his department had unanimously recommended tenure, a dean's committee recommended against it.
''I'm an atheist, although I had to look up the word in the dictionary way back when I realized I didn't believe in God as an all-seeing thing.
But now that I've found out why all the beds in Yelapa hang from the thatched-roofed ceilings on rope, my love affair grinds to a halt.
And they still steadfastly try to knock off the ballot any challengers not favored by the party.
'' Duval finished second at this year's Masters, losing to Woods by two strokes despite shooting a final-round 67, the day's best round.
Jones mentioned that in his 1930 Grand Slam he had carried 16 clubs.
The deal means the end to the station's long history of social and political programming, which now features personalities like Edward I. Koch, Bill Mazer and Alan Colmes.
The poll's release and the focus on gun control nonetheless drew attention away from Mr. Giuliani's appearances at the news conference at the Middletown police station and at a fund-raiser for the Monmouth County Republican organization at the Navesink Country Club.
As far as cheers are concerned, the truth deserves two.
At least if they get caught and tossed out into the gutter, they'll have one of those kooky ''only in New York'' anecdotes to tell their friends.
Mr. Turrell is not the kind of artist who makes objects to sit in rooms.
Timothy McSweeney is a man who during the 1980's sent Eggers and his mother incomprehensible letters ''in a strange and beautiful hand,'' in which he claimed to be related to them (McSweeney was Eggers's mother's maiden name).
Agents made the requests for the intercepts barely minutes after the planes crashed into the World Trade Center, knowing from past terrorist acts that Osama bin Laden's followers often phoned to congratulate one another after successful operations.
The state's two senators, Charles E. Schumer and Hillary Rodham Clinton, have had some success in moving a $5 billion economic stimulus package for New York through their own chamber.
This account of living life looking in the rear-view mirror is difficult to imagine now, seeing Ms. Elnatanova, her sister Irina and their father, Gennadiy, in the bustling offices of Irina Signs, the family-owned business on Merrick Road in Freeport.
Benitez almost always withers with the bases loaded, and he did so again.
It stood by itself, with no other buildings in sight, only several large caves, almost invisible for the dense shrubbery around them.
He cited the case of a refinery in Trainer, Pa., where, he said, Mr. O'Malley bought the assets and forced concessions from employees on work rules, benefits and staff levels ''under a threat of losing their jobs.''
With Amy Waldman, Anthony Tommasini and Linda Lee
''That way, people could say 'I want to go to any of these six places in Mexico,' and get the availability, or say 'I'm willing to leave from any of these airports or any of these times,' '' Mr. Lenza said.
Herring takes a modern spin, served as a dense tartare, its strong, oily flavor cut with a citrus-soy vinaigrette and paired with a sweet beet salad.
To the Editor: Re ''The New Mideast Paradigm,'' by Thomas L. Friedman (column, March 6): External aggression or the threat of aggression increases the dictatorial power of Arab rulers over their people.
Under the Bush plan, the federal government would provide bonus money to districts that boosted the scores of disadvantaged students and deduct funds from districts that failed to do so.
So one of the most tantalizing questions about the new national security team is whether Mr. Rumsfeld will collide again, this time with the four-star general who is the Bush choice for secretary of state, Gen. Colin L. Powell.
Interros, owned by the onetime Kremlin insider Vladimir O. Potanin, said it chose not to extend the alliance because Mr. Soros had not consulted it on important issues, including a share swap he proposed to the government.
She spoke calmly and gave terse replies to a reporter's questions about her son, saying she had talked just briefly today with the boy's father, from whom she is divorced, and had heard only that there had been a shooting at Santana High School.
Have you been to Afghanistan?
The gay couple, Joe and Bill, are particularly endearing because they have named their team for their dog and occasionally cheer themselves on with ''Go, Team Guido!''
''They are getting over the Clinton complex when in the first few months the policy was a 'not-Clinton' policy -- because they didn't like him and watched it fail.''
BADILLO -- Yeah, but it doesn't amount to anything significant.
W. DANA HOLMAN Astoria, Queens, Feb. 22, 2001
Later, the same strategy was applied to Long Island Sound on the east, with the erection of Fort Totten in Queens, and Fort Schuyler in the Bronx.
Asked if his coaching philosophy had undergone a major shift, Van Gundy said, ''No, that's just what I knew we could be good at.''
(He told one Vermont reporter that one of the reasons it was so much fun to work with Mr. O'Brien was that the director didn't know what he was doing any more than Mr. Tuttle did.)
Sweet father to Dylan, loving son to Sylvia and the late Meyer Chalfy, brother to Roberta and Mort.
Sudan has had a long-running civil war and the Red Cross statement noted that the area is populated by ''a diverse range of armed groups.''
''And if it was predictable,'' Mr. Russo said, ''was it preventable?''
The injury also diminishes the chances that he will be acquired this year by an overseas team after his emergence as the player who could take the MetroStars to a higher level.
''He came right down like a bullet!
But because he was trying so hard to keep the ball from tailing to the right, it tailed left instead.
By the time Prudential settled, it was big news, and now the insurance scandals of the 1990's are most closely associated with that company.
A leaseback was negotiated for 132,000 square feet on the top two floors, to which I. P. will move its headquarters from Purchase, N.Y., in April of this year.
I just hope the audience believes it as well.
He did not deny that Beth Nolan, the White House counsel, and Bruce Lindsey, a deputy counsel and Mr. Clinton's closest confidant, also urged the president not to grant the pardon.
PAGE B4 Bin Laden's Type of Faith The faith that drives Osama bin Laden is a particularly austere and conservative brand of Islam known as Wahhabism.
Alan B. Lucas, Rabbi Rose Schecter, President
Last month, he contended that Taiwan's vice president, Annette Lu, had called him to lend credence to a rumor that President Chen was having an affair with a female aide.
A private credit agency, Teikoku Databank, estimated Mycal's debt to total nearly $12.6 billion.
They had not yet started painting or installing a special wood floor designed for dance.
He has put his faith in the journeyman quarterback.
The bride graduated from Trinity College in Hartford.
Palestinian officials hoped that Secretary Powell would use his trip here to convince the Israelis that they were setting the bar too high by seeking complete quiet.
If Jet Skis can travel closer to shore, they argue, then they will be more dispersed, decreasing the chances of a collision.
But, Mr. Jayne said, ''it is in no way a society church.''
The allure of the nomadic world of fire swallowers, ringmasters and trapeze artists is palpable in this big-top bonanza featuring paintings, sculpture, videos and more from a wide assortment of circus aficionados, including the painter George Bellows and the photographers Diane Arbus and Lisette Model.
The company prepared a suite of images, including everything from transit maps of the surrounding area to elevator charts for the Towers.
Mr. Smith has been endorsed by the Affiliated Police Associations of Westchester County, which represents 52 law enforcement organizations from Westchester and Putnam Counties.
The setting was a class at Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism.
''The only thing we can do is help her children.''
Maureen Hermiston, 63, who moved here four years ago from Boston and is now the president of the Sun City Republican Club, said she did not expect the sale to affect her in any way.
GIANTS 5, CARDINALS 2: Pinch-hitter Pedro Feliz drove in two runs with an eighth-inning single as host San Francisco rallied to win in Barry Bonds's absence.
En route to the Family Life Academy aboard the No.
In developed nations, the Internet and cellular telephone explosion has been a boon to adults who prey on young people for sex, participants said.
His aim: to find evidence, outside the Bible, the Koran and Ethiopia's national epic, the Kebra Nagast, of a historical queen of Sheba who would have lived, by most calculations, during the 10th century B.C.
His insight was to transmit the signals from different directions.
''The Taliban is not destroyed as an effective fighting force from the level of one individual man carrying a weapon until that individual man puts down his weapon,'' Gen. Tommy R. Franks, the commander of United States forces in the region, said on Thursday.
MATCH POINTS The top women advanced to the third round without too much stress.
Because Mr. Hughes rose at 5 a.m. to catch an early train from his home in Stamford, Conn., to his job at Marsh Inc., on the 97th Floor of 1 World Trade Center, he frequently could not stay up to watch the end of a game.
Simply decorated with homemade curtains, Ikea lamps and naïve seascapes, it is distinctly a mom-and-pop affair serving fresh, real home cooking.
But it lacks the sexual fear and loathing of the first (judging by his films, just about all that is the human body disgusts Mr. Solondz) and the satirical extravagance of the second.
A woman who answered the telephone on Friday at the office of John Wren, chief executive at Omnicom, said he had left for the weekend and could not be reached for comment.
Maybe the silence helped create the craziness, as when the American Legion and the Communists found themselves on the same side for a while, both opposing our involvement: the left because the Russians, incredibly, were suddenly allied with Hitler; the legion because veterans were generally opposed to a replay of World War I.
The phrase ''significant presence'' -- tends to stick in the throat like a diagnosis from a doctor.
Webb's outstanding performances, coupled with Dathan Ritzenhein's open 5,000-meter 13:51.69 Friday night -- second-fastest to Gerry Lindgren's national record of 13:44.0 in 1964 (and ahead of Steve Prefontaine) -- establishes these seniors as two of the best distance runners to compete in high school.
B9 IN HOLLYWOOD -- Some powerful entertainment figures are discussing with the White House how they can help spread its message about the war on terrorism.
Donations may be made to the Supportive Care Program at St. Vincent's Hospital, 153 West 11 St, New York, NY.
As the signs work now, they flash only nonscrolling ads, scores or stock market figures.
So far, the Islamic work that has most consistently gained an audience in the West is of a certain kind: secular, imperial art, like the ''miniature'' paintings produced in Persia and Mughal India.
''I'm regularly encountering people I've never seen before at auctions.''
In the end, the doctors take a body that was clearly neither male or female and turn it into one they can represent to the world as ''male'' or ''female.''
''Just get me a shovel and tell me where to start digging,'' he said.
A program embedded in the device will transform the information received from the bar code into one of an array of monsters, sometimes friendly and sometimes hostile and ready for battle.
She has a minute to talk, she says, but is eager to get to her exercise class.
After Lewis put a hard but clean hit on New England's Drew Bledsoe two weeks ago, Bledsoe was hospitalized for internal bleeding in his chest.
Presiding over the tumult is Harry Edelstein, 79, and his wife of 56 years, Frances, 74.
Helton homered two pitches later to give the Rockies a 3-2 lead.
Now the Elmsford police refuse to enter the shelter without backup, and the county police are the first to respond.
Either way, there's no free lunch.''
One of the dissenting members, Abigail Thernstrom, presented her rebuttal to the report today.
The MouseTrapper is available from Axcess Technologies at www.mousetrappers.com.
''The plane is basically in one spot but kind of crumbled up,'' Mr. Peavy said.
''I'm more of the coach, making sure the trout tastes like trout, the chicken like chicken,'' he said.
So far, there is no evidence that the price increase hurt sales.
Years after the breakup, the band members are not on speaking terms.
And, perhaps grasping at straws, she suggested that a conservative current in the country might precipitate a cultural rebellion among artists and writers.
With the fading of the energy crisis that roiled California last winter and spring, investors have been getting out of the electric utility sector.
''All the Operation Nightwatch team wants to do now is make the big drug bust,'' she said.
RosettaBooks currently sells its electronic books for about $8 a copy, he said.
There is also the other issue of hanging out in the parking lot.
Petty, who spent much time at other companies he controlled.
Tupperware, the storage- and serving- container company that has sought to expand its business beyond the traditional party by selling goods in mall kiosks, on the Internet and on the Home Shopping Network, has entered into its first agreement with a national retail chain.
The idea was to improve poor neighborhoods by strengthening ties with the police and schools and providing role models.
A main focus is the National Academies of the United States, which are perhaps the world's most prestigious scientific organizations.
An increasing number of babies never crawl at all, pediatricians say, going directly from sitting to toddling.
What makes Mr. Tobiason's writings more dangerous, germ-warfare experts who have read it say, is that it offers anyone with $10 the ability to build crude biological weapons capable of killing thousands of people.
Same-store sales have increased 7 percent to 8 percent so far this quarter.
Unless there's something that I'm not aware of, yes, he's expected to play.''
The father had predicted that ''Andy is going to be fine'' and that the game would hinge on whether the Yankees could produce any offense against Randy Johnson.
As you can plainly observe, I have a certain facility for extemporizing (a line young Turturro delivers as if he were lip syncing).
But in early December, even after their stocks fell to less than $1, Forstmann Little announced plans to invest more in both companies.
Experts say that may not be known for some time.
We have the world's greatest athletes, it is a wonderful game and we don't want to lose the greatness of this game.
A sliced-open kidney glistens, paradoxically, with life, and its aliveness is highlighted by the smooth paisley print backdrop.
Oh, God, I stopped chasing happiness about two years ago.
Asked what role political considerations had played in his decision, he responded, ''Next to none.''
BASSOFF-Horace H. Beloved husband of Phyllis (nee Dubin).
Pork and chicken prices are jumping while Japanese ranchers are watching their unsold cows grow older in expensive feed lots.
As outlined by the Taliban leaders, the concessions they seek would amount to the rest of the world, and especially the United States, ending all forms of isolation for the Taliban.
Whether this is a good or bad thing for the plants (or for us), it is unquestionably a new thing.''
On a rainy afternoon last month, Michael H. Mostow, the superintendent of the Carle Place school district, was caught playing hooky with Stephen I. Leitman, his counterpart in Garden City.
Neither the utility nor the Nuclear Regulatory Commission said there were plans to shut the plant again.
Isn't the very idea an oxymoron?
The issue of the use of ferries is rarely mentioned in articles about transportation or in studies addressing the problems.
In contrast to Hartford, a chronically impoverished city of 128,000 that is the capital of the nation's wealthiest state, statistics for Connecticut as a whole showed that it had the fifth-lowest percentage of births to teenage and single mothers.
The greatest economic boom in America's history -- and the world's -- came in the 1990's.
''We tend to think of racism.
He was admired by the entire membership and a contributor to our success.
Bob Wickman lost his closer's job and halted negotiations to re-sign, a distraction that will follow the team the rest of the season.
Mr. Shue also worked for the ambulance squad.
Those in front of him play with more confidence.
Nor has it been about the music industry's discretion in honoring work that it believes to have artistic merit.
The courts are so overcrowded and the push for guilty pleas is so strong that less than 1 percent of misdemeanors and 6 percent of felonies go to trial.
Mr. St. George went during his January semester break, intending to stay for three days.
''Depleted uranium, mostly U238, has been found stored in bone, and if it gets into bone, it can reach the bone marrow,'' said Jean-François Lacronique, the director of the National Radiation Protection Agency in France, which oversees safety for workers in France's nuclear power plants.
For a vast majority of retailers, the Grinch visited long before the season began, officially the day after Thanksgiving.
Mr. Jenkinson was hardly a somber computer technician during his hourlong set on Friday night at the Lightship Frying Pan (at Pier 63 in Chelsea), part of a night of hip-hop and electronica called Warp Nesh.
In fact, they said, it was other people's problems he was always absorbed with.
Born in Rahway, NJ, she moved here in 1955.
For example, on the Delta shuttle flights from Boston to New York yesterday, only 200 passengers were on board, Mr. Mullin said.
Chamber, orchestral, bluegrass, folk and jazz concerts, with guest artists including the the Denver Brass, the Miami String Quartet and the violinist Soovin Kim.
McGwire hit his seventh homer with two outs in the eighth and was 2 for 3, also drawing a walk.
Mr. Baine described the working atmosphere during the abbreviated, six-hour business day as ''respectful, somber at times, and also very humbling.''
Last week's atrocity has shaken us and realigned our priorities.
''Scalpers don't offer refunds if our stars aren't in the show.
The harsh existence, the loneliness and other privations of the frontier, the scarcity of a good bottle of wine?
Sun., Holidays, May 15-Sept. 30.
Not so fortunately, the stand has ''Plasmavision'' written on it in big letters.
He came here a year ago to live with a sister, who has legal status, after the Peruvian economy sank and his businesses crumbled.
Including pack up, the whole job had taken about half an hour -- and there was not a speck of soot adhering to anything but him.
The latest swipe at Lance Armstrong's integrity by Jere Longman (''The Guilty and the Not-So-Innocent,'' July 29) uses innuendo and guilt by association to discredit his fine achievement.
The Atlantic alliance's defense ministers begin two days of talks on Tuesday.
Even with heavy traffic, cars and trucks are collectively much lighter than subway trains.
Mr. Lazare, 51, lives in Manhattan.
But at Wal-Mart outlets, the flurry of giving out the first of the coins in change has long since receded into memory.
The conversation caused Colonel Morgan a public relations problem, he said, forcing him to tell subsequent callers that the captain spoke out of school.
''You didn't ask those kinds of questions in those kinds of marriages,'' Ms. Aylon answered.
Fill a deep saucepan with 2 inches of oil and heat to 350 degrees.
Norman Maclean's book ''A River Runs Through It'' is steeped in fraternal discord, but not comprehensively: ''A River Runs Through It'' is actually a (longish) short story with several (longish) subplots.
Singapore Telecom gave Cable and Wireless, which controls 52.5 percent of Optus, three bids from which to choose.
And still others wonder if the villainy might not reach people in a more roundabout way, perhaps in the same kind of cultural metamorphosis that turned cold war enemies into pod people in ''Invasion of the Body Snatchers'' (1956) and atomic dread into giant insects in ''Them!''
Kyung Yang Pach, 80, a Korean immigrant in Mr. Chun's class, explained in Korean, how embarrassed she is that she has not really learned English in the 11 years she has been here.
''If today, after the horror of Sept. 11, we see better and we see further, we will realize that humanity is indivisible,'' Mr. Annan said.
Ali Mohamed, the government witness, who has said he arranged Mr. bin Laden's move to Sudan, told investigators that he taught group members about weapons, explosives, kidnapping, urban fighting, counterintelligence and other tactics at camps in Afghanistan and Sudan.
A row of cribs and swinging cradles in the nursery is surrounded by a dollhouse and hundreds of framed photographs of fat royal infants sitting astride donkeys and looking like your children or mine.
Her first legend -- that she is Susanne Schmidt, who has defected from the West after the death of her parents -- is met with incredulity by her co-workers, who long to escape the gray sameness of their daily lives.
We certainly have a strong marketing group.
Mr. Markowitz then urged Mr. DiFrancesco to resign as township attorney.
On Tuesday, he accused Ms. Napolitano of issuing a ''Soviet-style directive'' and promised that should he become governor he would ''protect Christmas from wacky liberal ideas.''
''But I'm just not too sure how much he helps us in the long run.''
In recent years, the house has filled with tables and couches of his own simple design, mostly in oak and walnut.
The rebound went long, and Peca joined Islanders defenseman Adrian Aucoin on a two on one.
Even amid the myriad inconveniences, there was evident humor.
FICTION, at its best, is a radical act of intimacy.
Juan Encarnacion and Dean Palmer each hit two-run doubles as the visiting Detroit Tigers scored the first seven runs and beat Texas, 8-4, last night.
Aides told him it was wrong and would be unpopular, said Joseph J. Ellis, professor of history at Mount Holyoke College.
One of Carson's playmates, 34-month-old Caleb Berger, was probably the first newborn to arrive at Wall and William Streets in 160 years.
But a presidential spokesman, Rigoberto Tiglao, said the government would not end its offensive.
This is the first in the series, focusing on Elmo Hope, the brilliant composer-pianist of bebop who died in 1966; the evening's guests include Joe Lovano and Wycliffe Gordon.
Attempts to reach Pakistani officials in Quetta and Islamabad after the statement was released tonight were unsuccessful.
Our teacher gives this information in much the same tone that she has told us what time breakfast is served, how to make a telephone call, and where to sign up for a massage.
I'm not sure I would have had the nerve to explore the market in the wee hours without a guide.
The industry was coming off a record-setting year, when the average occupancy was about 84 percent.
Another option for a minor league franchise if the majors contract next season is to be revamped as a co-op team.
Ms. Spears spells it out with song titles like ''I'm Not a Girl, Not Yet a Woman'' and ''Overprotected,'' and she insists, ''I don't need nobody telling me what I'm gonna do about my destiny.''
They shouldn't have to make that transition so fast at this age.''
Mr. Anderson moved to Boston after film school because he wanted to be part of the thriving documentary filmmaking scene around Cambridge, where directors like Frederick Wiseman and Errol Morris were working.
As creative director for the entertainment advertising company Blaine Thompson, Mr. LeDonne revolutionized theater advertising in 1974 with his idea to offer television viewers one minute of the play ''Pippin.''
Stephen M. Peck, Chair, The Mount Sinai Medical Center Nathan Kase, Interim President and CEO, The Mount Sinai Medical Center and Interim Dean, Mount Sinai School of Medicine Barry R. Freedman, President and CEO, The Mount Sinai Hospital HEILBRUNN-Robert H. The officers, Board of Directors, and staff of UJA-Federation of New York mourn the passing of Robert H. Heilbrunn, a cherished friend who earned the admiration of his colleagues and friends for his exceptional generosity to Jewish and humanitarian causes.
Despite delays, no one is being turned away, they said.
If Cingular thought that it could not obtain additional airwaves from a settlement with NextWave, the company might have surprised the industry by opting for C.D.M.A.
Top-seeded Martina Hingis rolled past Nathalie Dechy, 6-3, 6-1, and fourth-ranked Jennifer Capriati edged Sandrine Testud, 6-2, 7-6 (6).
There are proposals for 60 new generating plants, with a total capacity roughly equal to the current use in the state.
Pakistan is already awash in Afghan refugees who have fled drought and war and have sometimes found solace in the militant Islam of the Taliban, or of Mr. bin Laden himself.
There will be a memorial service at Lillis, 58 Bridge St, New Milford, CT, on Monday, November 5, at 11 AM.
Select Appearance from the Control Panel submenu and click on the Desktop tab.
The two executives were the only representatives of corporate America among the athletes and politicians from Mexico, Washington and Texas.
Traffic jams would be eased on the East Side, she said.
Except Rivera didn't throw what Posada called for.
''We kind of got the cart before the horse,'' said Ms. Schere, 25, smiling and rubbing her stomach.
Not that this was a concert of pop hits gone classic; if anything, its strongest nonclassical leanings were toward jazz.
Judging from the glazed expressions in the front row of Donna Karan's show on Friday in the Bryant Park tents, there was a conspicuous sense that the spectators were mentally starting to pack their bags.
Indeed, in societies where women did gain footholds, that power may have prompted a backlash among lower middle class men in particular that helped militants.
They said that if a whale does not like something, it will simply swim away.
players to spend more of their free time at FAMU than at their own campus.
Although Ms. Atkins has made a specialty act of portraying Virginia Woolf, the new piece is not a retread of her one-woman show ''A Room of One's Own'' or her play ''Vita and Virginia,'' in which she starred with Vanessa Redgrave.
To some degree it has happened -- not at the big labels but at the smaller ones in town and in country's outer orbit like Bloodshot, HighTone, Compass, Eminent, Dead Reckoning, Vanguard, Sugar Hill, E-Squared, Oh Boy and Red House.
The Diamondbacks have seven homers in the last three games, accounting for 14 of their 16 runs.
If it is windy, Lytham will be unforgiving.
but 'What makes you qualified to diagnose what's wrong with a house?'
''That's obviously a key element in providing maximum protection,'' he said.
A la carte, $33 to $50.
1, making a 20-foot putt that set the tone for the day.
''But it ain't what you do, it's how you do it.''
She was beautiful and funny and charmingly self-deprecating and talked on the phone to her mother at least three times a day.
Soon after, he helped create the community advisory council, a 32-member group consisting of town and county officials and community and environmental advocates.
To our dear friend Henny, you will always be in our hearts.
It was badly damaged and may need to be razed.
Then cut it from the mother plant, dig it up and plant it where you want it.
''I think you can fairly assume that this information is related to Al Qaeda or bin Laden, or else we wouldn't have ramped it up,'' Mr. Ridge, referring to the nationwide alert issued Monday for possible attacks over the next week.
Oakleigh Thorne, the chief executive of eCollege, said the company was attracting fewer customers than expected.
She has given birth to eight children, including a rare set of gorilla twins, but now that she's almost 29, her reproductive years are probably behind her, according to James Doherty, the Bronx Zoo's general curator.
Earlier this fall, after receiving city and state approvals, the developer started site work for the 50,000-square-foot hotel project on Tudor Wharf, which is to include a public harbor-front walkway.
The Mexicans here say the population of the village is being gradually depleted, though high birth rates have compensated somewhat for the loss.
Central over second-place St. Louis.
In one telling indication of the desperate economic situation, one-third of Gazan respondents said they were forced to sell their wives' dowry or wedding gifts to feed their families.
Officials estimate that as of Friday, 3,187 people had died, or were missing and presumed dead, as a result of the attacks on Sept. 11.
The squad was led by Sergio Arellano Stark, an intelligence aide close to General Pinochet who is now a retired general.
''I have no idea,'' she confessed.
Their political interests may focus on the topics and debates in their homeland.
A. RATNER Basically the machine takes the automobile, sucks out dirt and upholstery and rubber and then reduces it to fist size in 30 seconds.
''We'll try to get him the ball this week,'' Edwards said.
In the 1940's and 50's, Mr. Thiebaud lived at the Automat.
We are often told by football coaches that most of their game is mental, that the mental game far outweighs the physical game because all teams employ talented athletes.
When Mr. Wachs was 10, the family moved to Los Angeles, in part for his health.
''Who cares what happened three weeks ago?''
''I really feel sorry for Mike.
P.& G. expects its earnings per share for its fiscal 2001 ending in June to fall 4 to 5 cents below analysts' expectations of $3.15, as reported by First Call.
''He said, 'Well, Dave, you're the conscience of the committee,' '' Mr. Obey recalled.
Clijsters committed 35 unforced errors and served four double faults to cement her fate.
Even without alcohol, he added, Sin-e has been drawing crowds by offering live acoustic shows.
In lieu of flowers, memorials may be made to Lenox Hill Hospital, Central Park Conservancy or the Vineyard Conservation Society.
In Albuquerque, where at least 15 planes landed that were destined for other cities, Mayor Jim Baca said a Red Cross shelter has been set up to house those in need.
He wanted the ''Fidelio'' Overture to have symphonic heft but did not want to weight it down with symphonic structure.
A14 Military workers struggled through knee-deep mud to complete the grim task of removing 21 bodies from the wreckage of the transport plane.
John P. O'Neill, who left the F.B.I.
Carter's playoff production has improved considerably since the first three games of the first-round series against the Knicks, when he struggled mightily.
''I literally went on a tear and asked about what happened to the other two -- why didn't they visit a museum?
''If you're willing to come to Newark, you're three-quarters of the way.'')
At least two of the three defendants appear to have similar arguments: that they were denied lawyers by American interrogators who also told them that if they demanded a lawyer, they would be left with the local authorities.
Morgan Stanley had a fire plan, but Sean J.
''Guys were stuck in the lineup having no worries and having a good time being in the N.H.L.
He said his role models were Marlin Fitzwater, who held the job under Mr. Bush's father, and Michael D. McCurry, who was the public face of the Clinton administration during the impeachment ordeal.
''Imagine you come home every Sunday night to find your bedroom in a different part of the house, new appliances in the kitchen, the living room upstairs.
Clave, the distinctive five-beat rhythm of Afro-Cuban jazz, is bursting through the soundproofing.
But this effort is now dwarfed by American Classics, a project already totaling 57 CD's and anticipated to include at least 150 more.
The heroin was seized last month.
He was a graduate of The Choate School and Phoenix Jr. College and received a BA from NYU.
Before his father's death in 1994, some considered him a pornography-loving fool who would be quickly overthrown.
The war on terrorism illuminates, among other things, the widening gap between our advanced technology and the world that technology has enabled us to dominate.
Their testimony -- that Mr. Skakel confessed to killing Miss Moxley -- led Judge Maureen D. Dennis to find that there was ''reasonable cause'' to believe he had committed the crime and to transfer the case to adult court.
Meanwhile, with visions of a tax bill festooned with goodies vanishing, some lobbyists, including Mr. Walker, have hunkered down, watching for their next window of opportunity.
Paul Konerko also hit a two-run homer off the Tampa Bay rookie starter Joe Kennedy (3-7) to help the White Sox climb back to .500.
It came with 5:23 left in the second period, after Holik stepped into the slot and took a pass from McKay from the right boards.
Their work was reported in the journal Science.
ONE DAY DURING THE WEEK Arizona Power Authority, $60 million of debt securities.
''If you're older, you do it better.
Gilberto Gonzalez, 48, who lives near Mrs. Herrera's mother, recalls how 10 years ago officers worked successfully to reduce the presence of the Matadors and Dominicans Don't Play, teenage gangs that were turning street corners into drug markets and even recruiting members from schools.
This year, increases were running 10 to 15 percent for corporate coverage and 10 percent to 20 percent for reinsurance.
NEW YORK BROOKLYN: DEAD WOMAN FOUND A woman found dead Saturday afternoon outside of a Catholic school on Hooper Street in Williamsburg had been killed by being bludgeoned in the head, Ellen S. Borakove, a spokeswoman for the medical examiner's office, said yesterday.
She opened a drill team summer camp, started an international competition for drill teams, founded and edited a magazine on the subject of drill teams, and wrote what some consider the definitive textbook on the subject.
''I still expect 'Survivor' to do boffo in the ratings, but at least we're trying to do something different.''
''He said, 'Yeah we stole signs.
The Giants defeated the Eagles, 20-10, a team they had dominated during the regular season.
Democrats have made clear that as he prepares to run for re-election next year, they will make an issue of what they call a pattern of environmental programs that do not live up to their original intent.
Since hip-hop's rise, girl groups have grown even tougher.
But ''Picasso: My Grandfather'' is the first book written by a Picasso.
When the elite student dancers, many fresh from a workshop triumph, enter their chosen profession, however, their status changes: as one teenage company member says, they become ''the lowest of the low.''
'' a man, clearly a native, told a friend as they walked on Broadway.
Lynette Holloway (NYT) BRONX: A STRING OF FLAT TIRES -- A broken structure in the roadway of the Willis Avenue Bridge gave many drivers flat tires last night, the police said.
There's Claire Higg, who believes that the characters on TV shows are real.
Then, on March 7 of last year, city marshals came to Ms. Dickson's apartment to evict her for being a nuisance and nonpayment of rent.
''This is the craziest island in the history of the world, Mr. Raymond.
The first exhibition curated entirely by students was last spring.
Stock in the company, which is based in San Francisco, closed down $7.25, to $5.15.
I tried to make a film that reflected that because I still feel a little like a retarded adolescent myself.''
After leaving two messages without getting a call back, Mr. Narasin chalked the letter up as a bad joke.
Tell It to the Navy A strong vote against contraction has been cast all the way from the Arabian Sea.
But he added, ''I don't think that anybody can feel too good about this game or anything that's gone on the last couple of weeks.''
We've divided up our responsibilities.''
Twelve games have been sold out, he added, and more are expected to be sold out.
police culture, as happened after the 1970's Knapp Commission investigation when the 'pad' system of organized payoffs was broken.''
She was honored with a Woman of Vision award from the Career Action Center, an Athena award from the Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, and the Adele Elkind award from the National Association of Professional Geriatric Care Managers.
SPIRO-Herbert I. December 18, 1913-October 5, 2001.
In a quirky prologue, Cabrera Infante writes that he intended these stories ''to become, like the Trinity, one,'' and that he saw them as pieces of music that complemented one another.
A federal judge ruled against the library.
In lieu of flowers donations to the Winthrop Diabetes Education Center, 259 First Street, Mineola, NY 11501 appreciated.
The John Ena also carried a family of six: Capt.
Mr. Kaplan is wanted in Turkey on charges of ordering followers in 1998 to crash an airplane loaded with explosives into the mausoleum of Kemal Ataturk, the founder of the modern secular Turkish state.
At her death, she was with her son, Paul Saunders, and her daughter, Marcia Dolan.
''These divorce statistics are a scalding indictment of what isn't being said behind the pulpit.''
In a place like the Mohawk Valley, where some large-scale farming is still being done, sweet corn is nearly always being sold within sight of fields full of field corn, the kind marked near the fence line by a seed-company sign and a number.
As long as my science is unconventional and successful, they like it.''
''Everyone needs that, a country or a city, male or female.
''But there are a variety of ways of raising money, and a variety of ways in getting help in getting elected, and this is the way that is open to me and that I have chosen.''
Home serves stylized renditions of American classics.
Burial at Manhattan Country School Farm, Roxbury, NY.
With his radio not working, Mr. Mylod and his fishing partner, Bud Tschudin, stood up in the tottering boat and waved a pair of life jackets wildly to ward the tanker off so that it would not ride over the nets and mangle them.
The match will be followed by an exhibition between John McEnroe and Boris Becker, which will not be televised.
And both mention the idea of a further Israeli troop withdrawal (although, again, their timetable is different).
Ritually carried by Orthodox priests, it would have delivered healing energies with its slightest touch, its very proximity to the worshiper.
Our deep condolences to his wife, Alma Elena del Villar, and family.
The bodies of Dr. Richard A. Leopold, 44, his wife, Rhonda, and their 5-year-old daughter, Allison, were found about 9 a.m. in and near the garage of their home at 4 Ivy Court in Brookville, the authorities said.
A14 Judicial Nominations Expected President Bush will announce his first batch of judicial nominees early next month and, administration officials and lawyers said, it will be a carefully chosen assortment that will include several staunch conservatives as well as some women and members of minority groups.
Survived by his sister Martha Sinclair Zimmerman of Fort Lee, NJ.
Three are women, and of the eight men, two are black and one Hispanic.
''We were happy to be able to do this for New York,'' Mr. Steinbrenner said.
The two policemen who tortured Mr. Du into confessing were sentenced last month to suspended one-year and one-and-a-half year sentences respectively.
Performances will take place at the Great Lawn in Central Park (July 10 and 16); Van Cortlandt Park, Bronx (July 12); Cunningham Park, Queens (July 13); Westchester Community College (July 14); the PNC Bank Arts Center, Holmdel, N.J. (July 17); Prospect Park, Brooklyn (July 18); Miller Field, Gateway National Recreation Area, Staten Island (July 20); and Heckscher State Park, East Islip, L.I.
Box 4100, New York, N.Y. 10261-4100 No agents or solicitors are authorized to seek contributions for The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund.
Has the experience of writing his own book changed the way he'll review?
''He worked one day and I thought he came back fine, but then he wouldn't walk.
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial/First Call had expected cash earnings of 26 cents a share.
But she does not intend her vocal works solely for her own use.
But the problems can be more easily overcome if Washington continues the policy of active engagement with China on economic and arms control issues pursued by the past six administrations.
'EUREKA' -- Though filmed in Japan two years ago, Shinji Aoyama's movie couldn't seem more contemporary: its subject is the emotional void left by a devastating act of irrational violence.
Cars spend most of their time idling in traffic jams or sitting immobile at curbs.
I suggested we leave him for a while, let him get organized, then come back and, I don't know, take him out for a soda or something.
''It is sort of odd,'' Ms. Tang said.
Still, Mr. Green said, ''there is nothing going on in that club that we determined to be illegal.''
Brown led the Hornets with 18 points.
Now, besides running the film festival, she is also thinking about doing a little film work of her own.
Ms. Reno is favored to win the Democratic nomination.
It carried a bit of heat and, if one tasted carefully, a hint of tarragon but was otherwise plain.
Outlook can check Hotmail and MSN accounts directly and offers color coding for calendar categories.
Don't forget the Volunteers (5-1, 4-1 SEC), who are fourth in The Times and seventh in the A.P.
Still, there was an undeniable air of crisis as economic policy makers, along with everyone else, worked through the shock of the attack and sought to keep the economic aftershocks from adding to the human toll of the day.
Each rating point equals 1.02 million TV homes.
But he said recently: ''Something kicked in at that point, from the standpoint of playing hard and with a purpose.
The Cowboys play the San Francisco 49ers in Texas Stadium on Sunday, then close the season on the road against the Detroit Lions.
The trial of a second man charged in the case is still scheduled to begin on Monday in Birmingham.
(Last year the bedrooms were strictly segregated by sex.)
If equities appear to offer a return only slightly better than bonds -- especially the new inflation-adjusted government bonds, which are nearly free of risk -- then the riskiness of stocks becomes less appealing, Mr. Shiller added.
The debate over the fate of Dreamcast has highlighted a rift between Sega's Japanese and United States operations.
Pettitte and Clemens will most likely follow, depending on how much work they get in Seattle.
Mr. Komunyakaa, a 1994 Pulitzer Prize winner for poetry, is the author of a dozen collections of poetry, including ''Pleasure Dome,'' published in March.
Mr. Schundler, hoping to woo Jewish voters, then departed for a short trip to Israel.
The Basque organization is reeling from a series of police raids this year that have dismantled several cells and led to the arrests of more than 100 people suspected of being activists.
Associate Pastor for 25 years at St. John the Evangelist Church in White Plains and for the last 10 years, Director of Our Lady of Consolation Residence for Retired Priests in Riverdale.
He said they have yet to meet with local officials or business people.
The tremors caused by Mr. Shah's arrest have reached Hollywood, where executives have been considering investments in India's lucrative film industry.
He was predeceased by his brother Vincent Fox.
But the crowd was dominated by strong supporters of Israel, with some holding signs with slogans like ''No U.S. Dough for P.L.O.
He is reading from ''The Bad Beginning,'' encouraging the kids to come in with sound effects: a loud burst of laughter, a baby singing, a door slamming and, as he puts it, ''an inhuman roar.''
and all its individual teams in 1995 on behalf of about 1,000 N.H.L.
As he saluted the more than 10,000 fans who were still in the stands, Kuerten moved a chair next to the players' box.
''There will be lots of other possibilities later on.'
Ms. LoPresti, of Mastic, heads the historic committee.
Ladies gossip in cavernous coffeehouses, their lovely hats perched atop sleek chignons.
Utilities no longer necessarily generated power, and they and their larger industrial clients looked for good deals on the power being sold on the new wholesale markets for electricity.
''The pendulum doesn't necessarily swing back to the same place it was, but it doesn't stay in one place either.
URBAN ZULU MAMBO Conceived and performed by Regina Taylor; short works written by Kia Corthron, Suzan-Lori Parks, Ntozake Shange and Ms. Taylor; directed by Henry Godinez; sets by G. W. Mercier; costumes by Brenda Rousseau; lighting by Jane Cox; sound designer, Robert Kaplowitz; original music composed by Loren Toolajian; media design, 3-Legged Dog; video design, Martha Swetzoff.
The subject around this campfire was passion.
Mr. Bush and Mr. McCain went out of their way to portray their session as friendly and as one that ranged beyond the campaign finance law.
Short of that, an obituary interview, a form refined in the 1960's and 1970's by Alden Whitman of The New York Times, might at least provide color and context, and maybe even insight, as well as the chance to get the subject's version of events.
(609) 884-5404 or (800) 275-4278.
Racing into the nearby atrium, they began feverishly contacting their trading desks on their cellphones and Blackberries to report a bombshell for investors.
Credit a few of us with some knowledge here.''
He has the programming gene, vital to command respect in Microsoft's programmers' culture.
''Now we're at a point when I see a lot of stability in the organization.''
Wife of the late Louis, beloved mother of Richard and mother-in-law of Barbara, much loved grandmother of David and Cari; Jillian; Louis II (Chip) and Victoria (Tori), great grandmother of Emeline Eleanor.
This year, one investor generated a wave of applause by rising to thank Mr. Buffett for resisting the technology sector's lure.
Since Sept. 11, fears of biological or chemical attack on water systems have spread through e-mail messages that warn consumers to stock up on bottled water, fueling anxious conversations in offices and living rooms.
At a green light, with no oncoming traffic, I punched the accelerator.
Both parties have commissioned polls that show that Americans (particularly prized independent voters) place a far greater priority on encouraging conservation than on producing more oil and gas.
It has become as familiar to Knicks fans as Latrell Sprewell's cornrows.
She refused to provide further details.
And presumably, most people go to chat boards understanding that they are becoming involved in nothing more than a barroom conversation.
By nightfall, after dinner and wine downstairs, I inevitably feel relaxed but also recharged.
At the moment Ms. Karina is concentrating her creative energies on her collaboration with the songwriter Philippe Katerine, which has produced a CD, ''Une Histoire d'Amour,'' and an international tour.
''The playoff scene at Giants Stadium, to see our crowd rejuvenated and happy, that was my goal when I came here,'' Fassel said last week.
As Gimpel, dressed in a costume that includes a matching cloth cap and high cloth boots and suggests a figure who is part peasant and part jester, Mr. Margulies affects the musical and slightly acrid delivery of an Eastern European Jew.
Justice Werner said the case can now move to a hearing in which a jury would decide how much the woman would receive in punitive and compensatory damages.
Judge Jackson told Auletta that Boies was the best lawyer ever to argue in his courtroom.
The hard part is going to be nudging Mir down through the atmosphere with enough precision that the debris created as it breaks up will strike the target zone in the South Pacific.
She said that Mr. Mohamed was ''a lost soul.''
Mehta's most serious affair is with Lola, the Indian woman he has hired to assist him in his research.
And we'll continue working it.
That sense of loyalty does not surprise Rabbi Ronald Greenwald of Monsey, N.Y., a friend of Mr. Green's since high school who has visited Marc Rich & Company's offices in Zug, Switzerland.
When he wants to support peace processes or improve embassy security, he will see that the erosion of the foreign affairs budget (down about 20 percent from levels in the 1970's and 80's in real dollars) is a severe constraint.
Things are slightly different in Al Qaeda.
The Camden prosecutor said he would not appeal.
But instead, Palestinians offered a suicide package.
After almost two years of expressing their opposition, residents had no recourse but to file a lawsuit against the town.
The Screening Room, a mecca for independent movie buffs (with an adjoining restaurant) just south of Canal, has been closed to the public but open to the needs of rescue crews.
With no one left to carry out his orders, the decree was ignored.
Conservatives, some still reeling from the sudden shift in political terrain, see government's resurgence as an aberration -- but one that liberals will try to prolong.
I briefly refueled at Pho Pasteur, a popular Vietnamese restaurant.
If I take a friend to the restaurant, he is not going to choose a five-pound lobster just because I'm paying for it.''
When Ms. Hendricken visited Ms. Molette at home and found that she was living in a dreary apartment with little furniture, the agency gave her $650 from the Neediest Cases Fund for dressers and lamps, and household items like blankets, towels, kitchenware, linens and a wastebasket.
Twelve thousand people died every day.''
This month, Normandy's board recommended Newmont's latest bid, valued at around 4.2 billion Australian dollars ($2.2 billion), compared with AngloGold's best offer of 4 billion Australian dollars ($2.1 billion) Both bids are a combination of stock and cash, and the value of both offers has climbed in recent weeks as the gold price has risen.
He hunts them during season; we ate venison lasagna for lunch.
Minassian, a Frenchman, also made it look easy at 223.006.
The organization will announce a $35 million capital campaign today with the goal of raising $8 million for an endowment and $27 million to pay for the renovation and eventual purchase of the building from Biltmore 47 Associates, which Mr. Grove said he hoped to do after five years.
The faculty has since begun a vigorous debate about what's going on.
The flight attendant knew the seat number of one of the hijackers, but apparently was unable to clarify much of what was going on, including the number of attackers.
''But I can't remember a time when for every little support group there is also a group of antagonists who are just as passionate about why the film doesn't deserve it.''
Leading by 5-2 in the fifth, Halama threw eight straight balls to walk Brosius and Chuck Knoblauch to open the inning, and he seemed resigned when he handed Manager Lou Piniella the ball.
When MATT LAWTON and his agents planned his future, they thought about trying to get Lawton to a team for which he could bat leadoff.
A Left Bank hotel, a rumpled bed and thou!
''Light rail generally works when you have a central business district, and everybody goes there.
''Is the person a longtime friend?
Jalen Rose had 8 of his 16 points in the fourth quarter, and Jermaine O'Neal had 14 points and 13 rebounds.
Her father is the chairman of the department of otorhinolaryngology, which deals with the ear, nose and throat, at the Weill Medical College of Cornell University in New York and the otorhinolaryngologist in chief at the New York Weill Cornell Center of New York Presbyterian Hospital.
He did not say how he would entice investors into such a swap, but indicated that Argentina would be better able to guarantee that the principle and interest would be paid.
But neither of us could really hear in there because everybody was talking so loud.''
One reason many gave was that in Austria they could go on to higher education wearing head scarves, whereas in Turkey the use of a head scarf in a university is banned by the secular government.
Over the last 15 years, Barnes & Noble has contributed indirectly to the soaring sales of best sellers by aggressively promoting and discounting the best-selling titles to lure customers.
Lesson: don't row a boat that sticks to its course unless you know where you're going.
How do you organize classes?
And that makes me crazy.''
It starts with a braised flank steak with pickled green tomatoes and does not shrink from tripe, tail or marrow bone.
Like thousands of New York residents from places where terrorism is common and where people die violently and capriciously every day, Mr. Sarmiento was moved by the attacks against the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, but he was not shocked.
If you're still interested, you can visit with her.''
Hirten's Mass for the Saint of Joy; de Megalhäes's ''Vidi Aquam''; Guerrero's ''Maria Magdalene''; Rachmaninoff's Hymn of the Resurrection; Proulx's ''Prayer of the Venerable Bede''; and other works; Richard Porterfield, organist; Dennis B. Delaney, music director.
The golden-crowned kinglet alighted only briefly in the riverfront scrub of the Potomac River's western shore.
Q: Chandra's aunt said you gave Chandra a gold bracelet, ''a very nice piece of jewelry with a double clasp.''
He had a profound impact on the organization's history.
''Some people see me as a Yankee,'' he said.
The remaining property is in the planning stages.
Concerns raised or exacerbated by last week's terrorist assault -- a shortage of first-class office space in Lower Manhattan, fears about security and the business risks of having too much of a company's operations in a single place -- are driving many of those decisions to disperse.
Its capacity is 67 passengers.
''He was known as being out there with some of the most original thoughts on how to put together fusion reactors,'' Dr. Fisch said.
Mr. Juarez Rosales was taken into custody today by Mexico immigration officers at the border crossing in Laredo.
At Kandahar's airport, marines worked again today to secure the airfield and prepare it for regular transport flights.
''We had lists of all different kinds of titles.
WITH: Victoria Hamilton (Victoria), Jonathan Firth (Albert), James Callis (Ernest), David Suchet (Stockmar), Diana Rigg (Lehzen), Patrick Malahide (Conroy), Peter Ustinov (William IV), Penelope Wilton (Duchess of Kent), Jonathan Pryce (King Leopold) and Nigel Hawthorne (Melbourne).
financing could run $6 billion to $9 billion.
Republicans argued that Senator Max Baucus, Democrat of Montana and the chairman of the Finance Committee, should meet with Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, to work out a compromise with the $89 billion plan Mr. Grassley has put forward.
A group of seven property owners have filed suit to challenge the right of the development corporation to use eminent domain for economic development purposes.
For a glimpse of where the assisted living industry in New York may be headed, take a look inside three upstate homes for the aged operated by the biggest company in the business.
Occasionally ''Metamorphoses'' crosses the line between wit and mere cuteness.
Andres Galarraga, whose career was reborn in Denver eight years ago, enjoyed another resurrection yesterday at Coors Field.
While the European dissatisfaction with that was stated in relatively polite terms today by Mr. Persson and Mr. Prodi, it is seriously felt, and administration officials acknowledged that it was a more divisive disagreement than the one over the missile treaty.
Public and private financial institutions should reconsider doing business with banks in Uganda, Rwanda and Burundi that have close ties with the armies and rebel militias engaged in Congo.
A few heads nod by this point.
''Whatever the formation, he can tell everyone else where they are supposed to go.
Officers from the Drug Enforcement Task Force searched a false compartment in the tractor-trailer and found about 700 pounds of cocaine and other drugs along with $2.4 million in cash, the authorities said.
Ratings reflect the reviewer's reaction primarily to food, with ambience and service taken into consideration.
Apart from slices of slimy okra, the soup depended upon spiciness to counter a weak basic stock and pieces of dry pheasant.
I don't know any other way to break it down.''
First, foreign suppliers will eventually seek to violate the embargo and sell arms and technology to Iraq; they must therefore be offered incentives to comply and expect to incur costs if they do not comply with the embargo.
The Japanese Navy struck at those military facilities to achieve highly traditional military and diplomatic objectives: neutralization of America's Pacific fleet and perhaps a negotiated political settlement with an isolationist United States that appeared to have little stomach for war, in order to secure Japanese access to Indonesian oil and, ultimately, a free hand to pursue further aggression in Asia.
Mr. Kirshbaum is an effusive salesman who rose through the marketing department of the company's more commercial Warner Books division.
Her mother's advice -- ''Be polite, meet everybody, and have a wonderful time'' -- served her well.
Divers working on the sunken nuclear submarine Kursk in the Barents Sea have fitted about half the connections needed to attach the wreck to a lifting barge, Mammoet-Smit, the Dutch consortium running the operation, reported.
Mr. Horiuchi succeeded in having the case transferred to Federal District Court in Boise, Idaho, where the charge was dismissed on May 14, 1998.
Gen. Gennadi Troshev spoke to the Interfax news agency as President Vladimir V. Putin told top military officials that a return to peace in Chechnya was ''irreversible'' and that the Russian campaign there had been successful.
And they are also considering using more sophisticated air-monitoring devices in the neighborhoods around the World Trade Center site that could help distinguish particulate sources.
''The style of the manor is very eclectic and perhaps in the end this particular block would be intact,'' Ms. Grant said.
''We feel this conflict can be solved peaceably; we don't need to use more violence,'' Ms. Maguire said.
Unusual for Ms. Drabble, it has historical sweep, beginning with Bessie as a small girl in South Yorkshire in 1912, then moving back and forth across the 20th century.
''In poetry there's the pure essence of life distilled in few words,'' she said, ''and its very distilled form gives people something to hang onto.''
Thousands of people usually obtain the passes to view launchings from about seven miles away, the closest vantage point available for most people not working on the base.
Loving son of Helen and Joseph.
People facing Class B sales charges would not be eligible.
''It's about a convergence of disciplines and engaging the public in new and different ways.''
The Nyes, Big Ray and Diane, who are Ray's parents and live in Jupiter, Fla., which prompts them to refer to the McKennas' Wisconsin home as ''the damn North Pole.''
In the Queens courthouse, the attorneys' room -- more a coat room than an office -- is often empty.
The name comes from the Italian for butter, and the center of the warm cheese is almost that unctuous.
Under Mr. Tchuruk, Alcatel has acquired Newbridge Networks in Canada, DSC Communications in Texas and four relatively small companies on the West Coast that develop technology for next-generation communications networks.
The Special Forces reported that the building had been seriously vandalized but that there were no mines or booby traps.
RECOMMENDED DISHES: Crab Malabar, white-pea cake with caramelized bananas, Goan barbecue ribs, Kerala fish curry, ginger mint lamb chops, apple with saffron cream.
Mr. Masur and his formidably alert and indefatigably players left us with the question.
Michael Clarke Duncan is heart-wrenching as the gentle giant of prisoner who calls all the guards ''boss,'' is afraid of the dark, protects even the tiniest of god's creatures and yet has been convicted of the rape and murder of two little girls.
''If I can give them a reason to believe in me, well, I've got to do it,'' Jurevicius said after the game.
Senator Charles E. Schumer, making that argument, urged President George W. Bush in a letter dated Feb. 8 to let the Clinton appointees finish their terms.
The first new hotel to be built near Kennedy International Airport in Queens in more than 15 years opened yesterday, alleviating -- at least a bit -- what industry experts have called a long-standing dearth of accommodations in the area.
''What you offer is You Inc., and after years of reading this, people believe it, or accept it.''
He has also asked his department heads to come up with $2 billion more in savings, but those measures have yet to be spelled out.
The Gators completed their fourth undefeated December, winning all eight games.
Covanta fell $6, to $3.99, the biggest decline among United States stocks, on trading of 3.1 million shares, almost 16 times the three-month daily average.
Lindros, who began his N.H.L.
There was no attempt to deceive the committee members not present by taking a vote behind their backs.''
The genius of culture, however, and of the people who make it, is to demolish such distinctions.
C15 WEEKEND E1-24; E25-34 SPORTS D1-8 Strawberry Avoids Jail A Florida judge sent Darryl Strawberry to a strict, privately run drug treatment program rather than agree to a state request that he serve 18 months in prison treatment for his latest probation violation.
''If there is a demand, we will continue to make it available during the crisis.''
BRAVES 3, EXPOS 2: Andruw Jones homered leading off the ninth inning to lift Atlanta in front of the smallest Olympic Stadium crowd in 17 years.
''There is concern not only in the Islamic world, but the entire world, in the West and in the United States, at all the civilian casualties and the miseries that the civilians are being put through in Afghanistan.''
Better make it friends, saving O for ''B2O'' -- business to opponents.
Beloved husband of the late Rose.
A9 World Briefing A8 NATIONAL A12-17 Marine Corps to Seek Alternatives to Osprey The Marine Corps commandant, Gen. James Jones, ordered the Marines to search for helicopter alternatives to the V-22 Osprey, the innovative but problem-plagued aircraft, as concerns grew within the Pentagon that the $40 billion Osprey program would be canceled.
Transfer mixture to a bowl, and allow to cool to room temperature.
Ten years later, Ms. Jacob, 36, still loves her job, for which she is paid about $10 an hour, plus $50 to $100 a day in tips.
-- suggests the intensely personal nature of Catherine Breillat's scorching coming-of-age film about a pudgy French teen who must live in the shadow of her slim, sexy older sister.
The worst drought in 30 years is slowly strangling the region, along with much of Iran.
In recent years conservatives have given striking support to civil liberty.
From the door, one could see that his home was tastefully decorated in wood and sensible earth tones.
It culminated with a re-enactment of the annual festival of Loy Krathong, a tribute to the Thai goddess of water.
Late that day, he raked a pile of ash, then saw the picture.
The pardons granted to both men on Saturday eliminated the charges and freed them to return to the United States, said Robert F. Fink, a partner in the Manhattan law firm Piper, Marbury, Rudnick & Wolfe.
Conservatives in and out of the administration have been talking about making Saddam Hussein a target almost from the first week of the war.
''She was working all the time, and she was planning to retire,'' said Edith Navedo, who met Ms. Nguyen when they were neighbors on Freeman Street.
Or in search of Baltimore night life, go to Fells Point, whose narrow cobblestone streets echo of a Saturday night with the sounds of club music -- rock, jazz, bluegrass and folk -- and then, as the hours pass, with the raucous laughter of bar and club crawlers.
Many can also turn to their employers for help -- nearly 65 percent of Fortune 1000 companies offer some adoption benefits, often including grants, according to a report by the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption, an advocacy group founded by the president of the Wendy's hamburger chain.
Dr. Malhotra did not seem reassured.
''Two weeks ago I had a meeting with a company building a ferry terminal at Exchange Place,'' Mayor Glenn D. Cunningham of Jersey City said.
A senior government official was quoted today by the Beta news agency, which is generally considered to have reliable sources, as predicting that Mr. Milosevic would be behind bars by March 10.
''You have got to read it,'' he urged another publisher as they stood on the deck outside a dance club.
IN 1986, 102 students graduated from the Colorado School of Mines with bachelor's degrees in petroleum engineering; in 2001, there were 34.
He won't provide information about his wife or daughter beyond admitting he has one of each.
Although he once wrote auteur criticism for Cahiers du Cinema in its early 60's heyday and worshipped at the altar of such directors as Howard Hawks, Nicholas Ray and Fritz Lang, Mr. Schroeder finds moviemakers who talk about the themes of their movies ''hateful.''
Administrative assistance costs $28 an hour.
The safety board hearing has been postponed because, Mr. Goglia said, he could not get the attention of Emery's senior management at this point.
In a publishing world just getting comfortable with long-form comic books as graphic novels, Mr. Ware's comics heralded the arrival of a more rarefied genre: graphic literature.
The United States has sent five helicopters from an American military base in Honduras to assist with aerial damage assessments and recovery efforts.
''A colleague of mine calls this the misinformation Olympics,'' he said.
''It's an adrenaline boost when you get out of a bases-loaded jam with one out,'' Lansing said.
Alfred Balitzer, who gave up tenure and a 30-year career as a professor of government at Claremont McKenna College to become dean of Soka's 20-member faculty, said that as a Jew long active in his own faith he felt not the slightest pressure to proselytize on behalf of Soka.
And he was dripping Southern honey.
How I Came Into My Inheritance And Other True Stories.
But their book, ''Judo Strategy,'' is not for martial arts enthusiasts.
I will not mark that day in any way, shape or form, nor have I for the past seven years.''
Then Valentine imitated Piazza's swing and even grunted as an imaginary ball disappeared from Shea.
But in terms of content and impact, the interviews have often fallen flat.
Investigators determined that the crash had been caused by vortex ring state, an aerodynamic occurrence in which a rotorcraft rapidly descending into its own turbulent wake loses lift.
Black residents say it may have been built in large part with forced labor by the Jamaican Maroons, sent here in the late 18th century because they were troublesome to the British in the Caribbean.
We will never understand why.
They can be abused, tortured, raped without effective recourse to law.
Where they wantonly dashed to a two-minute, no-huddle offense in defeat a week ago against the Redskins, the Giants came out in the second half today executing their game plan as if the game were tied.
''Our kitchen staff is more familiar with the drink than the bartenders or servers.''
The advisory committee of Europe's competition regulators is expected to meet on Monday to review the preliminary decision.
Now she will work away from me.
The mayor's office, which trimmed less than 1 percent from its budget, said that it had contributed $89 million to the city's coffers in November.
But his touch -- like a fingertip meeting liquid -- is his trademark.
''It is incredibly disorienting,'' said Miguel Segovia, a graduate student at Harvard Divinity School.
This is like saying it is O.K.
It was quieter at Curry Chevrolet, a few blocks north on Central Avenue.
Two days a week, Ms. Diaz attends workshops at the center, where she learns interview skills.
Most of the violence was attributed to liquor wars that involve foreigners trying to profit from the illegal market in alcohol.
Then there is Max Raymond, a doctor who ruined his practice by overmedicating the lover of a Cuban singer, Mimi Suarez, with whom he fell in love.
Though reservations are necessary, a month's notice was not.
The tagline is ''L.P.G.A., positively amazing.''
The woman who has led Saturn for the last two years is trading in her car for a boat.
''They have to, or they want to,'' he said.
And because he never played sports, his son looked elsewhere for role models.
At least for now, his teammates support him.
The shareholder agreement forbids Canal Plus from setting up a rival sports channel for a year after it sells its stake.
The House of Delegates, the body that sets policy for the organization, voted 243 to 184 on Monday to approve a proposal allowing lawyers to disclose confidences when doing so prevents ''reasonably certain death or substantial bodily harm.''
El Duque was back and that was what mattered to the Yankees.
''It is very bad for the institution.''
f6, winning the knight, prompted Kramnik to play 31 c5 to provide a flight square.
''We already started over five times.
Of Boca Raton, FL., formerly of New York City, passed away September 4, 2001.
I do not think that the Bush appointment process will inevitably focus on ideology exclusively.
Susan Docherty, the Escalade brand manager, isn't worried.
''George Bush has been given a crash course in Chinese nationalism and sensitivities,'' said David Shambaugh, a China scholar at George Washington University.
They can also just change their names.
Prime Minister Yi Han Tong held an emergency meeting on the decision.
Crude oil rose on speculation that strengthening demand will shrink inventories as refineries make gasoline for the summer.
According to Dr. William Pollack, the author of ''Real Boys'' (Random House, 1998) and the director of the Center for Men and Young Men at McLean Hospital in Belmont, Mass., boys, like girls, show ''vulnerable, empathic, caring emotions until we push it out of them.''
If Rutgers wins and Seton Hall loses, the two will be tied in the conference, and Rutgers will go to the Big East tournament because it owns the tie breaker, having beaten Seton Hall twice this season.
TIMOTHY M. CONCANNON President, Log Cabin Republicans of New York City New York, March 12, 2001
''Independent of me, there will be a primary election in five days, a general election in six weeks,'' he said.
The Israelis and the Americans describe a ''bunker mentality'' on the part of the Palestinians at Camp David.
First, though, anyone who has been all in a tizzy over the trend toward theme-driven installations -- like those at the Modern, say, or at the new Tate Modern in London -- can relax.
It was gutted in an earlier apartment conversion, and only scraps remain of the original house -- some stairway paneling, the same onyx and brass fireplace as next door and a few other details.
To have two separate commands in Afghanistan would not be acceptable.
''FOUR ABSTRACT CLASSICISTS,'' Gary Snyder, 601 West 29th Street, (212) 871-1077 (through Aug. 25).
''I'm a Catholic,'' Mr. McMahon said yesterday.
The commissions included the Joffrey Ballet's controversial ''Billboards'' and its production of ''The Nutcracker.''
To mark its 10th anniversary, the Paramount Hotel on West 46th Street handpicked 10 party guests (cast members from HBO's ''Oz,'' the actress Famke Janssen, others) to receive free hotel suites for the night.
Among the American Jewish leaders invited to the White House were Howard Kohr, the executive director of American Israel Public Affairs Committee; Abraham H. Foxman, national director of the Anti-Defamation League; Morton Zuckerman, the publisher of The New York Daily News; and Malcolm I. Hoenlein, the executive vice chairman of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations.
Conversely, it's a joy to see a gargantuan corporation like Sony, for example, dreaming up innovative features (like the sound playback and remote-control functions) as though it were a feisty little startup with something to prove.
But until Sept. 11, it was not clear that he shared either the Western vision or a common goal.
It was in the role of the unworldly naïf that he had first won recognition, and he played it to the end of his life, often to ludicrous effect.
It notices that you've moved the tomatoes, but since it can fly, it doesn't mind.
Back in the economic boom years, during Japan's rocket ride to prosperity, the ways of its mobsters were as quaint and codified as those of samurais in a medieval drama.
''I could see my legs moving and my pants shaking, just as they were when I played in my first Masters,'' said Wadkins, who celebrated his 50th birthday on July 26, making him eligible for the Lightpath Long Island Classic.
''The old days when you had a captive audience is long gone,'' Mr. Thompson said.
Even Fiona's irises are animated, designed to react to the light in each shot.
But up to 5 percent of a fund's assets can go into lower-grade, though higher-yielding, Tier 2 investments; some funds do include them in their mix.
Mr. Jones went on to become the first director of the Center for Creative Photography in Tucson, Ariz. Robert Mann, the last official director of Light, who has since opened his own gallery, recalled that he was hired by Mr. Schad in 1983 ''to liquidate the inventory or resurrect'' the gallery.
Even in the fourth quarter, when the Jets missed a close field-goal attempt, the Jets' defense got the ball right back, with nose tackle Steve Martin recovering a fumble and setting up another Jets field-goal attempt that, this time, worked.
I was attracted to a wireless gateway that would also let my notebook computer roam up to 300 feet from the router.
By winning, Hopkins (40-2-1) matched Carlos Monzon for the most consecutive successful title defenses by a middleweight, 14.
Billings were estimated at $40 million.
But each time the case took a new pretrial step, a bomb went off somewhere or a bullet was fired through a window of the attorney general's office.
At some point a public has to hold its leadership accountable.
Mr. Tan was one of his biggest supporters, often traveling with him.
With a combined market share as high as 90 percent in some markets, the commissioner for competition, Mario Monti, said he had no choice.
Little or no (27 percent): ''Yes, I think 'A Brick to Cuddle Up To' is a good title!''
''What you do as a coach is move on to the next game.
The students, staff and faculty all join Chairman Albert Bellas, Chairman of Faculty Peter Martins, President Suzanne Davidson, and Executive Director Nathalie Gleboff in expressing their sympathies.
Once again we are joined together in a great cause.
''We have a program where volunteers can make homemade cookies for children,'' Ms. Neal said.
It is the last hectic moment, too, to buy a dress for a fall wedding because, as Mara Urshel, president of Kleinfeld, the purveyor of bridal gowns in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn, put it, ''October has become the new June.''
But Tisha b'Av has another tradition here.
Do we face the reverse of that this time?
Some of the battle lines for fights over judicial nominations were already in evidence in recent weeks, Mr. Eastland said.
In a large sauté pan over medium-low heat, heat olive oil.
The September employment report, released on Friday, showed a loss of 199,000 jobs during the month, the largest decline in more than a decade.
An alert went out on the central police national computer, and it set off the alarm when the van entered the City.
More than 10 have died in Connecticut already this year, according to lawmakers, who are counting as they watch their graduated license bills gain momentum.
After Sept. 11, his new colleagues said what those who have known Brian Jr. all his life have said: he was a good kid.
More than 25 years ago, Dr. Roger Blandford and Dr. Roman Znajek of the California Institute of Technology proposed that even more powerful displays in the cosmos, like hot jets of gas propelled at nearly the speed of light from the centers of galaxies, might be powered by magnetic fields stuck to spinning black holes.
Another impressive ensemble is at work in ''Hambone,'' which is set in 1988 in a diner on the black side of a South Carolina city.
The film's moral seriousness, coupled with the complex triangle of jealousy, honor and sympathy that develops between the condemned man and his protectors, makes ''The Widow of St. Pierre'' an unusually satisfying period drama.
The complaint charges Mr. Hill with theft of government property and obstruction of justice.
''It took me to how he would be feeling.
That move has paid off in the last 13 months, as Mr. Avila, who still owes the state a year of jail time, has turned his life around.
Even before Sept. 11, however, security companies were planning to increase their budgets by 5 percent, on average, with much of the new money expected to go toward payrolls, according to Security, a trade magazine.
Still, despite the two men's prolonged handshake this morning and the general's light-hearted visit to the Taj Mahal here this afternoon, it was uncertain whether anything more substantive would emerge from the meeting, which is scheduled to end on Monday.
The return flights depart Tuli the same days.
DUNELLEN THEATERE CO. ''Same Time, Next Year.''
More important, the analysts estimate that Nokia's average selling price in Finland jumped 5 percent last year, fueled by demand for replacement handsets.
So he took cafeteria jobs and enrolled in 1994 at Brooklyn College.
The private eye Kinsey Millhone has to reappraise her youthful values while trying to solve a murder committed years earlier.
''In light of what happened in Florida last year,'' he said, ''we decided to wage a very strong effort here in New York to not have similar kinds of disasters.
But before they left the pickup, a woman on the sidewalk pulled up her sweater and exposed her breasts to the passing road show.
on the island of overlap in the beauty of intersection.''
Born in Vienna in 1908 she escaped the Holocaust and immigrated with husband and young children in 1938.
''American music is so charming because it is so free and open, so driven by the new blood of all cultures.''
''He said, 'You're cancer free and we hope for the best,' '' Mr. Neumann said.
In 1998 at least 35 chose to remain -- though some of them have gone back to Mexico since then, the Legal Aid Society, which represented the group, said last week.
I'm no raving beauty, and I don't have the best body in the world, but I look approachable.
Even Mr. Spacey, now a star himself, described sneaking into the American National Theater in Washington night after night, where the 1985 revival of ''The Iceman Cometh'' originated with Mr. Robards, who became the premier interpreter of Eugene O'Neill's plays.
That is not exactly a low rate, but it is uniform because it applies no matter whether Qwest or BellSouth itself is carrying the call.
''We're going to see more and more tidbits of information that suggest that inventory corrections are going to occur at a slower pace and, even though consumer spending is lower than it was a year or so ago, it's going to continue to be positive.
No ticket, too much stress.
All but one of the defendants are black.
Damon Stoudamire had 19 points and 13 assists.
doormen, dining foyer, maid's room, renovated windowed kitchen, high ceilings, hardwood floors, 3 exposures; maintenance $1,631, 44% tax-deductible; listed at $859,000 (multiple bids), 13 weeks on market (broker: Coldwell Banker Hunt Kennedy) Brooklyn DITMAS PARK WEST $562,000 522 Rugby Road 5-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 86-year-old wood-frame colonial-style house; dining room, eat-in kitchen, stained-glass windows, parquet floors, enclosed heated porch, 1-car garage, 40-by-100-ft. lot; taxes $1,880; listed at $575,000, 1 week on market (broker: Mary Kay Gallagher) PARK SLOPE $620,000 86 Prospect Park West 4-bedroom, 2-bath, 1,850-sq.-ft. co-op in a prewar building; renovated eat-in kitchen, whirlpool bath, high ceilings, hardwood floors, park view; maintenance $552, 45% tax-deductible; listed at $629,000, 2 weeks on market (broker: Warren Lewis) PROSPECT HEIGHTS $775,000 277 Park Place 2-family, 4-story brownstone; 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 4 decorative mantels in triplex; 1 bedroom, 1 bath in simplex; eat-in kitchen, parquet floors in each; 17 1/2-by-131-ft. lot; taxes $1,868; listed at $800,000, 1 week on market (broker: R. Lazarus) Bronx RIVERDALE $585,000 562 West 261st Street Newly renovated 4-bedroom, 70-year-old brick house with 2 full and 2 half baths; dining room, eat-in kitchen, finished basement, rear deck, 1-car garage, 70-by-204-ft. lot; taxes $4,246; listed at $625,000, 38 weeks on market (broker: Trebach Realty) Queens WHITESTONE $470,000 14-22 143rd Street 4-bedroom, 3-bath, 34-year-old brick hi-ranch; dining room, recreation room, central air-conditioning, hardwood floors, 2-car garage, 40-by-110-ft. lot; taxes $2,942; listed at $549,000, 13 weeks on market (broker: ReMax/Universal Real Estate) Rockland NEW CITY $403,500 7 Lynnhaven Drive 4-bedroom, 3 1/2-bath, 32-year-old brick colonial-style house; finished basement, rear deck, 2-car garage, 0.34-acre lot; taxes $7,500; listed at $423,999, 9 weeks on market (brokers: Coldwell Banker/New City) Connecticut RIDGEFIELD $775,000 381 West Mountain Road 5-bedroom, 3-bath, 201-year-old wood-frame house; renovated kitchen, living room with beamed ceilings and stone fireplace, entertainment room, screened porch, 4-car garage, 3.21-acre lot; taxes $7,845; listed at $799,000, 16 weeks on market (broker: Prudential Connecticut Realty)
The company said trading lapses were reported to top management about six months ago.
23 N. Passaic Avenue, Chatham.
Starting in 1976, they began recording for Muse, which later changed its name to High Note, and Mr.
Last week, Japanese automakers suffered sporadic production slowdowns, but the real fear is that the American consumer will hunker down for the fall.
Craig Esherick, the Georgetown coach, said he had hoped to avoid a close game today but was not displeased with the way things turned out.
Still, some skeptics view aircraft carriers as extravagant luxuries.
But I don't know if she'll actually watch.''
He was the voice of urban renewal and bilingual education, securing an amendment to the Voting Rights Act for bilingual voting.
A rough estimate is that Micron could supply about 25 percent of the world's annual PC needs with the chips it has on hand.
But two or three years ago, I thought, 'Why not go there and put yourself about?'
Through raids on a cannabis club, a doctor's office and a patient-run marijuana garden, the Bush administration has begun its first major crackdown on the distribution of marijuana for medical purposes.
''A fair analogy is that this is like a standard police neighborhood canvass after a crime occurs and we go into an area to ask questions.''
''There has only been one African-American governor in this nation's history,'' Mr. McCall said to shouts of excitement.
The rate of increase in drug spending was about the same last year as in 1999, so the foundation estimates that drug spending rose 40 percent from 1998 to 2000.
Although I am not Jewish, a friend had told me about this sign.
Why not pound the middle if that is supposed to be your game?
Captain Steve's pronounced dislike of the track at Santa Anita, combined with his trainer's desire to avoid racing him against the 2000 Horse of the Year, Tiznow, turned into a distinguished trip to Gulfstream Park for him today.
They held signs (''Terrorism is Un-Islamic''), sang songs like ''The Star-Spangled Banner,'' and were joined by hundreds of others.
Most experts concluded that would never happen because the value of the Treasury securities held by Japanese was so vast that selling some would weaken the price of the billions they still held.
As for the book deal, there is no evidence that Mrs. Clinton broke any laws or Senate rules.
Later, her husband, James, picked her up at school.
How has the AIDS prevention message changed since the early days?
The terrorist attacks did not threaten American business so much as their timing did.
With beautifully grained huanghuali the color of deep cherry, the couch is as minimal and plain as the bed is fancy and high style.
Federal health officials are negotiating with four drug companies to buy 300 million doses of smallpox vaccine -- enough for every American -- and are gingerly discussing the possibility that ordinary Americans might someday once again be vaccinated against the disease.
''Nobody knows how it is going to progress, but we believe six weeks is long enough for the countryside to be fully open once again.''
In lieu of flowers, the family requests that donations be made to a worthy WTC relief fund.
Wanting more than anything to call his family, he made his way to a Chinese restaurant where the owner let him use his phone.
Their weight is in silver, on the Cup.
The Federal Open Market Committee is expected to reduce the target rate for overnight lending between banks by half a point, to a seven-year low of 4 percent, at its regularly scheduled meeting today, according to economists polled by Bloomberg News.
Beloved son of Jose Sr. and Rosa E. Loving brother of Vivien Garcia.
Since the receiver expects no two signals to be identical, code grabbers that play back the same signal are simply ignored.
Just as members of the Beefsteak, a men's club in London, call all the waiters ''Charles,'' no matter what their real names are, one uncompromising old legislator used to call the women members ''Betty.''
Tonight at 8; tickets are $25 (Ratliff).
''Well, see you soon,'' I said, jutting my hand out.
There were some questions today about whether Mr. Sharon had left Washington with the impression that the atmosphere here gave him a free hand in dealing with the Palestinians.
But lately, critics have pelted him with figurative tomatoes and suggested that he should retire.
After a three-month review, the Bush administration moderated an earlier tough posture and said it would restart talks on a range of security issues with North Korea.
It has made loans to several other companies that are now struggling, including Federal-Mogul, W. R. Grace, Owens-Illinois, Armstrong World Industries and Owens Corning, according to research by Lori Appelbaum, an analyst at Goldman, Sachs.
And the data is personalized, changing constantly to reflect the car's location.
Doug Mientkiewicz had two hits and scored two runs for Minnesota, 9-2 against Detroit and 27-13 in games against the A.L.
1 contender by that organization.
I planted my geranium, adding compost as I filled the hole, then watered every other day until I saw new growth.
But atypical here is that David shows up at the shelter pretending to be bereft and looking for a place to live, without even bothering to change out of his expensive suit, polished wingtips, crisp-collared shirt and yellow power tie.
She said her departure is unrelated to her health; she has successfully fought breast cancer.
Hill is going for his first victory on the Senior Tour since 1996.
The comedian Phyllis Diller likes to kick back, slip into a favorite caftan and dine on some of her homemade garbage soup.
For me the whole point is something that has the woody taste that blends so felicitously with the clean sharp snap of fresh limes.
Real estate brokers agree that many landlords see the homeless group as a property risk.
Profit this year, excluding some items, will exceed $3.10 a share, the company said.
He went to Mendoza for six weeks.
The family will receive friends on Thursday 7-9PM and Friday 3-5 and 7-9 P.M., at the McLaughlin Kramer Megiel Funeral Home, 220 Glen Street, Glen Cove.
At Video Pipeline, the New Jersey-based video promotion company of which he is president, he keeps a clean desktop, both real and virtual.
In 1998, Mr. Liang expanded the van service to include trips from 139 Canal to 68 Beach Street in Boston's Chinatown, right in front of the Crown Royal Bakery, which Mr. Liang's brother-in-law owns.
The plan would initially pay for around a dozen computers, with an option to grow to a larger number after the new federal fiscal year begins on Oct. 1.
Mr. Milken had prostate cancer then but has enjoyed good health recently.
You can be a lawyer or an accountant for years and not find out.''
Mr. Ribot played some of the pieces on a $20 guitar that Marc Anthony Thompson (a k a Chocolate Genius) lent him, and it often seems like just a slight improvement on a rubber band.
Knoblauch has had a surreal career with the Yankees.
A Lima newspaper, Correo, reported yesterday that Mr. Montesinos is living on an estate southwest of Caracas.
Tomo Ohka (2-5) lost his third straight decision since being recalled -- and fifth straight over all.
But it wasn't until he found himself waiting at a bus stop at 2:30 one morning that the gregarious Mr. Laverty stumbled upon the band of office cleaners from Central America who would become the subject of ''Bread and Roses,'' a film that opens nationwide on Friday.
The bride graduated from the University of California at Santa Barbara and received her medical degree from the University of Southern California.
A notable exception to the trend toward simplicity in options is Toyota, which offers a large number of free-standing options in its various models.
No ''associations using arms and violence can be permitted to govern any part of this country,'' he said.
News of the Sept. 11 attacks and their aftermath continues to appear in Section B; index, Page B2.
Besides that, Ms. Desenberg added, ''It turns out he is a great kisser.''
It also denied his plea for a furlough to travel to Washington to attend inaugural festivities for President George W. Bush.
He worked out on a rowing machine.
Crisp's was, it would seem, you are in fact indefinitely renewable.
Once the system detects an irregularity, it can automatically restrict access.
His mother is Representative Carolyn Cheeks Kilpatrick, and his father, Bernard Kilpatrick, is a former county commissioner.
He is survived by his wife, Adrian, son P. Austin Shelby and daughter-in-law Heath Shelby of West Orange, NJ, daughter Dr. Karen Shelby Anderson and sonin-law Tim Anderson of Bedford, NH, granddaughters Meredith Shelby, Melissa Shelby, Emily Anderson and Shelby Anderson, a grandson Maxwell Anderson and brother Judge Stuart Shelby of Santa Monica, CA.
''Nightly they got tight and quarreled,'' she wrote.
INSIDE PITCH STEVE TRACHSEL became the first Mets pitcher to beat a team four times in one season since FRANK VIOLA did it against Montreal in 1991.
''It's something that makes you think.''
Also called Irish or Scottish oats (except by the Irish and the Scots), these are whole, unsteamed kernels that have been cut into pieces.
There was grumbling early in training camp last year about Groh's grueling practices, and the first hint came during one of the infrequent times he allowed a member of his staff to speak to reporters.
Banks and other institutional lenders are also more reluctant to take risks because, as trading in pieces of these loans has increased in recent years, they are under pressure from regulators and investors to value loans based on their market prices.
Cover and refrigerate two or three hours.
''For most households these days, cooking is a hobby.
We liked every one we sampled.
AS American Airlines Flight 587 to Santo Domingo plunged into a row of well-tended houses on a quiet middle-class street in Belle Harbor, Queens, killing 260 people on board and 5 others on the ground, another American Airlines flight to the Dominican Republic was en route to a much happier ending.
In the 1890's, the house was home to Dr. William Granger, who operated a private insane asylum nearby.
''It wraps up the whole eight years under one more cloud,'' said William Cunningham, a Democratic consultant.
''It helps me get my wind quicker between rounds.
The BlackBerry comes in two sizes.
GOOSEN ON A ROLL: Retief Goosen's confidence has never been greater since winning the United States Open last month at Southern Hills.
We observed (too late) that regulars ordered two pasta courses: tortellini or passatelli in broth, then tagliatelle with ragù; $54.
''Santana wasn't part of that.
With interest, the award will come to about $1 billion, the figure that the dealers had sought, a Miami lawyer, Gene Stearns, said.
Dr. Lerner, a former teacher and deputy schools superintendent in the Bronx, has close ties to the teachers' union, and her defeat was also a clear setback for the union.
And he cited comments made last week by Secretary of State Colin Powell, who was reassured by the Greek government that the Games would proceed smoothly.
Another neighbor taught him to play the piano.
Everything seemed peculiar and off-register to me, from the icy chaser of homemade ginger ale he served with a lobster roll to the odd-tasting tart of butternut squash that came with rectangular slices of poached lamb neatly arranged in a line extending from one end of the plate to the other.
The measures might also give lawyers added power to compel their clients to behave lawfully.
But Jabal Sanam is more central to a new Iraqi thrust against the United States.
An equivalent way of looking at this: One can begin a streak of four consecutive tournament victories by winning any one of the four tournaments.
Jenny Thompson, the heart of American women's swimming for a decade, has retired.
Mr. Schofield had been through a prolonged period of drug abuse, but he also suffered from bipolar disorder, a manic-depressive condition that left him prone to extremes of excitability and brusqueness.
Frantically, they call to make sure that loved ones are all right.
The institute is affiliated not with the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa, but with the University of Alabama at Birmingham.
But when he embarked at Green River City, Wyo., in four boats with a crew of nine men, he had about him a truly 19th-century energy and an almost Ruskinian faith in both the explanatory power of his pursuits and the piety of improvement.
During the debate, supporters of the restrictions, which included labor unions, cited studies showing that Mexican trucks are much more likely than their American counterparts to fail basic safety inspections and that Mexican truckers are often overworked and could pose a danger to Americans on the road.
Stranger still, two subatomic particles can be linked so that they must rotate in opposite directions.
Last week he withdrew his retirement papers.
Gifts may also be made to the Foundation for Alger Families, care of Fred Alger & Company, 30 Montgomery Street, Jersey City, New Jersey 07302, a charitable foundation established to assist the families of Fred Alger Management employees lost in the attack on the WTC.
She said her specialty was a hot topic at an international conference on marine bioinvasions, held in April in New Orleans, where some biologists expressed concern that there might even be a connection between the Pacific shore crab and the recent collapse of the lobster population in Long Island Sound.
But there are hidden gems in these hills, top chefs who could cook in any of New York's haute kitchens but choose, for a variety of reasons, to remain in the suburbs.
Mr. Khan was born a few months after Zahir Shah began his exile in Rome.
to refrigerate a tray of opened clams or oysters, lightly covered, for an hour or two.
Lee began his second season at St. John's as the No.
Mr. Bloomberg, with Mr. Giuliani at his back and deep circles under his eyes reflecting the all-nighter of campaigning he had pulled before Election Day, declared victory at 12:56 a.m. today.
At night, it can coalesce in what feels like a film set -- dozens of people looking for action on a well-lighted street with prettified buildings and young trees, hanging until the early hours.
With time running out, she grabbed me by both shoulders and shoved me out of her way.
On January 1, 2001 at the age of 81, in Hackensack, N.J. Economic consultant and forecaster; publisher of monthly newsletter for business clients.
The immigrant family is Sikh, a religion of India, and since Sept. 11, they have been gawked at everywhere they go.
She also said that defendants with more money got better legal defense.
He said he did not tell the players of his decision after the game because he wanted to tell his wife first.
These are guys I used to smoke pot with and drink beer with in the woods.
HIDEAWAY CABARET AND SUPPER CLUB, 32 West 37th Street, (212) 947-8940.
He graduated from law school, served in WWII, then in U. S. Army Reserve.
Now they can work freely,'' said Ljubo Brckovic, 38, a shop assistant.
Mr. Drammeh is principal; his wife teaches kindergarten.
Over the last decade, academics and politicians have looked again at stakeholding.
The rolling blackouts were called off at 5:15 p.m., but similar problems are expected on Wednesday.
''These guys know the company in and out, and have a lot at stake,'' he said.
As a set designer, mainly for ballet and opera, Mr. Falconer likes to make mischief with space and perspective.
''All of them declined,'' said Dr. Dale F. Schweitzer, a research zoologist for the Association for Biodiversity Information, a nonprofit research organization.
''Children of Heaven'' tells the story of a brother and sister who agree to share a pair of shoes for school.
The chief executive of the financially struggling Swissair Group says it plans to raise its ticket prices to reduce its huge debt.
Then there are people like Richard Baldridge, a Vietnam veteran who lives in Terre Haute, Ind., where Mr. McVeigh was to have been executed this week.
Ibrahim, who earlier had said the attacks had been uncivilized, was the last to speak.
He added: ''A phrase or a series of lines can turn over in one's mind.
The Weight Watchers program challenges us take care of ourselves every day.
Henry Ford not only pioneered the ''win on Sunday, sell on Monday'' marketing technique, he actually jump-started his failing company in 1901 by winning his first and only race, averaging 45 miles an hour in a 26-horsepower horseless carriage called Sweepstakes.
The average yield on Merrill Lynch's high-yield index is about 12.5 percent and the yield on corporate bonds at the low end of the investment grade scale is about 7 percent.
education programs found that participants delayed sex, increased the use of contraception, and reduced their number of sexual partners, for at least 31 months.
AOL officials purchased the address aoltimewarner.com on Jan. 9.
They will demonstrate their curveball and slider grips even to members of opposing teams, with the implicit understanding they are part of the same brotherhood, and the shared knowledge occasionally germinates.
You explain that things don't work that way around here.
In filing the suit in United States District Court in Manhattan, the commission took up the case of Allison K. Schieffelin, a high-paid bond saleswoman whom Morgan Stanley fired in October after she complained that she had been denied the additional pay and a promotion she had earned.
''Current knowledge doesn't indicate a great health risk from uranium in the water,'' he said.
But it's not just the environment.
People worried about bioterrorism have been asking their doctors for Cipro prescriptions, although many experts say that taking Cipro after symptoms of anthrax appear is useless.
Written as a song cycle, ''Pet Sounds'' follows the arc of a romance from innocence (''Wouldn't It Be Nice'') to disillusionment (''Caroline, No'').
Most of the coats were made and elaborately embroidered in the early 20th century for wear at village festivals and on special occasions.
At one point, it appeared that Mr. Ryan was indeed moments away from announcing his candidacy, saying that his work was not done.
But perhaps the greatest difficulty for shad fishermen is the prevalence of striped bass.
''These economic or business strategies are important,'' he said, ''but what is also important is the family-focused, human capital approach.''
Most impressive is the complete absence of anything approaching the easy listening, play-down-to-the-kids wherewithal of so many children's programs.
The actor's charismatic charm is submerged in the fisherman's fear, his obsession with failure.
The memorial design is replete with negative symbolism.
In the bond market, the yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note fell to 5.09 percent from 5.11 percent the previous week.
A total of $44 million in loan guarantees were provided, but the Sea Rex project quickly ran into trouble with shoddy construction, cost overruns and delays.
Although some sections of the 36,000-square-foot building are still under construction, the school decided to move in last January from its cramped 13,000-square-foot quarters on Soundview Avenue in White Plains.
She became a beloved fixture among many ground zero volunteers.
Performers include Jeffrey Kahane, Robert Levin and Bobby McFerrin.
At first, those questions seemed to have reassuring answers, Mr. Diaz said, so Moody's kept Enron's investment-grade rating.
Philadelphia (3-3) leads the division over the defending division champion Giants (3-4).
In ''Dale Loves Sophie to Death'' (1981) and ''Fortunate Lives'' (1992), she limned the ups and downs of Martin and Dinah Howells and their three children, ''the world's last happy family,'' enduring in the face of change and death and loss.
''I'm glad he's home,'' he said.
In Deference to Giambi The Athletics are faced with signing Jason Giambi to a new contract or risk losing him as a free agent.
ILLINOIS 80, MINNESOTA 64: Marcus Griffin scored 27 points as No.
Not everyone in the neighborhood opposes the $50 million plant, which is ready to open.
They shaped the state's popular image as much as oranges and alligators.
He worked on it for eight years, from 1943 to 1951, yet even that effort would pale in comparison with his vain attempts to have it produced during his lifetime.
Both turn out fine whites that have no wine from the Montrachet vineyard in them.
Towns along the Hartford border, like East Hartford and East Windsor, also lost population.
The differences are mainly in the skill and care of preparation; when they're missing, you feel as if you've ingested a lead balloon.
For instance, if a campaign is composed of television spots that cost $20 million for the commercial time, the client would pay the agency $3 million for its work.
Mr. Bertossa, trying to put the best face on today's ruling, described it as a ''common sense decision'' that would allow the investigation to proceed and, ''if Mr. Borodin is willing, to explain the movement of funds with which he is charged.''
He was an employee of Alliance Consulting on the 102nd floor of 1 World Trade Center.
They save many lives, but can also kill children and small adults, whose body sizes fall outside of the bags' zone of safe inflation.
The Bush administration and consumer groups urged the court to uphold the appeals court's interpretation to carry out the pro-consumer intent of the law.
''I couldn't get the puck off the boards, I couldn't get him with a hip check, then I'm just a spectator at that point,'' said Richter, who had 27 saves.
He is a man of integrity and of the highest character, and I am certain when all the facts are known, Michael Boxley will be completely exonerated.''
And of these, few can attack air defenses with real precision.
In ''Criminal Intent,'' the twist is more old-fashioned.
The Bush administration opposed loan guarantees, but Congress rushed to add $10 billion in federally backed loans at the behest of the airlines.
One such product, the Life Chute by Baker Safety Equipment of Townsend, Del., is employed on 21 air traffic control towers at United States Air Force bases as an alternative escape route, said Ralph T. Baker, its inventor.
In crafting ''Memento,'' he said he was inspired not by other backward-flowing works (like Harold Pinter's ''Betrayal'') but by his own interest in challenging the boundaries of film narrative.
Michigan State 81, Fresno State 65 Michigan State had too much in too many ways for Fresno State, and the defending champion Spartans are in the Round of 16 for the fourth straight year.
The Golden Hurricane (25-11) was led by Kevin Johnson, who had 16 points.
''Regardless of what you hear, I plan on being at Oklahoma for a long time,'' Stoops said to thunderous applause from a near-capacity crowd during halftime at the Kansas-Oklahoma men's basketball game.
I mean, it could drive over the top of most sport utility vehicles.
The ''stagflation'' of the following decade, when prices rose but the economy did not, proved them wrong.
's past ties elsewhere in Latin America, including those to Gen. Manuel Antonio Noriega of Panama, who was ultimately ousted by American troops in 1989.
''Fifty years of baseball doesn't disappear with a pink slip,'' he said, his skin still tan from spring training in Florida, an Atlanta Braves World Series ring on his right hand.
Robert T. Guerra, manager of The Westchester mall said that ''sales are very strong'' at the mall, which closed for the day on Sept. 11 and suffered for days afterward.
His lawyers call the charges ''legal nonsense'' and say low-level subordinates gave the orders to shoot.
There is a lot of social interaction, but there are many extracurricular activities.
Mr. Watts is the onetime Gambino family star who was recently charged with funneling $2 million in loan-sharking profits into his sprawling beachfront retirement estate.
The official, Ayanda Ntsaluba, director general of the Health Department, said he was hopeful that other producers of generic drugs would join in the request, which is going through the courts, with a hearing set for April.
The time for both was 25 minutes for all moves for each player.
''Times Square Roulette: Remaking the City Icon,'' by Lynne B. Sagalyn (M.I.T.)
The project is estimated to cost $30 million.
In other words, the stories published in McSweeney's, though sometimes quite good, are secondary to the packaging, which is the central drama.
Even more dire, Cisco said it was writing down to zero almost two-thirds of its inventories, in the staggering amount of $2.5 billion.
Grief, then, hangs heavy in the hallways, classrooms and chapel on West 16th Street in Manhattan.
Also available is the documentary ''Marilyn Monroe: The Final Days,'' about the filming of the unfinished ''Something's Got to Give,'' Monroe's last role.
The private sector and traveling public also have roles to play.
America's first, the Bronx River Parkway, was built to restore the sewage-choked river and border it with grassy parks.
The offices will take up the entire floor, at an estimated annual rent of $650,000.
''You read that companies want to go where the talented employees are, and Long Island has a talented work force.''
The series calls us an unfinished people.
The ''power police'' might begin prowling car dealerships to make sure outdoor lights are turned off.
''I think perhaps we are working in the way that we should have been working,'' he said.
Now the Athletics are armed with experience, Giambi said, and his words accelerated as he spoke of the prospect of playing the Yankees in the playoffs again, with the Yankees' veteran starters dueling Oakland's youthful, talented rotation.
We were going to buy a house together for our mother.''
He called the experiments ''ghoulish work.''
''This president cares about these issues,'' she said.
In labs and auditoriums around the world, instruments like Dr. Nishimoto's CosTune are adding new chapters to artistic expression.
To shop, many residents in Goldens Bridge travel north to Danbury, which is 15 minutes away, or south to White Plains, a 30-minute drive.
Franco's fluid delivery has helped him last so long, Gershberg said, and it is essentially the same motion Franco used in college.
The result has been a blitz of travel.
But the consumer long-distance business fell apart.
Mr. Suharto, 79, has been in poor health after suffering several mild strokes, and is expected to remain in the hospital for three or four days.
''There was a turn to some side road leading to a village, and they hoped they'd be able to move backwards to this side road and somehow get out.''
Democratic senators questioned Mr. Ashcroft sharply about his views on abortion, gun control, voting rights and especially over his derailment of the appointment to a federal judgeship of the first black member of the Missouri Supreme Court, whom Mr. Ashcroft had called ''pro-criminal.''
In Lower Manhattan this week Gunnery Sgt.
Two Cromwell executives, Lloyd Beirne and David S. Davidson, declined to provide information to federal prosecutors, asserting their Fifth Amendment rights.
Then, on Christmas Eve, a halyard broke aloft and she had to repeat the aerial act all over again.
B7 SAFEGUARDING WATER -- The E.P.A.
Our thoughts are with his family.
I cannot serve two masters, Orval Russell said, objecting to taxation on religious grounds.
One possibility would establish a 10 percent bracket for people with the lowest incomes, much as Mr. Bush's plan would, without reducing the rates of upper-income taxpayers.
That might change soon, and the network is well along in documenting it.
Alcatel, which is valued at $39.5 billion, is not much bigger than Lucent.
An amazingly subtle dish of lamb (salli boti) brought julienne of apricots into the delicate, delicious mix; and milagu kozhi chettinad, called deviled chicken and one of the house specialties, had a black peppercorn sauce that was mildly hot.
''But that didn't happen,'' he continued.
Since the state reinstated its death penalty in the 1980's, the State Supreme Court has developed an elaborate review procedure that has so far kept anyone from being put to death.
But for someone in Parsippany, Pelham or Poughkeepsie, it is the smaller scale that is most relevant.
The cause was a stroke, his family said.
A work of ''comic sociology'' that examines the rise of the bourgeois bohemians who constitute the new upper class.
'Petrushka' Clark Studio Theater Basil Twist is a clever puppeteer.
''The attorney general owes the American public an explanation as to why he is hindering law enforcement's ability to crack down on bad-apple gun dealers who provide the bulk of guns used in crimes,'' Mr. Schumer said.
A Freelancer Buying a Condo Q I am seeking to buy a house or a condominium.
But Mr. Johnson has another view, saying that the supporters of the estate tax were prompted by ''a liberal, noblesse oblige attitude that they have probably had in their families for generations.''
Global Crossing's fourth-quarter loss nearly doubled as the high cost of building its undersea and land-based communications networks offset surging sales of data services.
The Bush administration imposed trade sanctions today on a major Chinese arms manufacturer after failing to persuade the Chinese government to stop exports of missile technology to Pakistan.
Two months ago, Casey Cho got a job doing research in the environmental claims area for Marsh & McLennan.
When his team scores, he can tell by the yell of the crowd.
The United States District Court for the Northern District of New York ruled for the district in 1998, saying that it had the right to establish a policy setting conditions for groups that meet at the school.
''I don't think consumers will be satisfied,'' sniffed Toyoteru Kanda, director of the Japan Soap and Detergent Association, at a news conference the association convened in Tokyo.
He said the law is clear: an employer must let them go and has to take them back when their active-duty time is up, no matter what hardship it causes a company that is losing key people.
Yet, Bellotti chafed as critics focused on the stadium expansion and on his $750,000 salary, with escalator clauses up to $1 million.
Barnesandnoble.com has owned part of enews since December 1999.
But sometimes seeing how frustrated she is gets me going.
is lacking scientific proof of the extent to which mold is the cause.
The client's wife called Protravel, which then arranged a flight to London and booked a hotel room there until flights resumed.
For example, the post-Sept. 11 jitters that prompted Saudi guards to detain Mr. Shalaan and the reporter and deliver them to a nearby police headquarters after there was an attempt to take a photograph of Mr. Shalaan posing in front of the embassy.
Then he joked, ''We wear blue and gold, too; maybe they didn't notice the difference.''
I have brought this situation to the attention of management, but it said there is nothing that can be done.
Pettitte, 8-4, had enjoyed the finest first half of his career, and he wondered what the injury would do to his season.
Pray for yourself and all of your brothers that they may be victorious and hit their targets and ask God to grant you martyrdom facing the enemy, not running away from it, and for Him to grant you patience and the feeling that anything that happens to you is for Him.
''We feel that Exxon is getting let off the hook,'' said Gary Skulnik, a spokesman for Greenpeace.
''It's sculpture as a multidisciplined enterprise at the end of the 20th century.
There is a theory among top male coaches, like Mr. DiCicco, that says men should be coached through their egos and women through the quality of their relationships; that female players are more likely to take criticism more personally than male players do, even if it's not directed at them.
'' Research into the causes and treatment of vitiligo has been limited.
French officials are afraid of encouraging a rush on France by smuggling networks.
Sometimes it takes a little creative juxtaposition to make old music have the bite that it deserves, even for a knowledgeable audience; this concert thought the problem through.
Examines the conflict and intrigue surrounding the colonists and patriots.
To Mr. Leavitt, a Mormon, it was an admission of guilt worth pursuing.
It's a complete piece of froth about a famous stage actress and a diplomat who have a tasteful, grownup affair even though he tells her on the first night that he's married and can never divorce.
The Trustees and staff of Carnegie Hall mourn the loss of Lewis Rudin, esteemed Board member since 1974.
But big could also include Radmanovic and even White, a 6-9 small forward, who can play power forward.
In 1990, three months after the outbreak of the Persian Gulf war and in the glow of patriotic enthusiasm, the Democratic opposition gained seats in both houses of Congress.
After the council posted my name on its Web site, I became a target for hate mail.
Soon thereafter, a United States Army spokesman said here today, Mr. Walker was taken into custody by the American military and is being held inside Afghanistan.
David Saltzman, the foundation's executive director, said the decision was made in less than 24 hours, without any clear sense of whether the contribution might duplicate what others were doing, or whether it served the greatest need.
Mr. Kopp was a pioneer in a strategy of locking protesters together or to buildings to make it more difficult for the police to remove them.
IVillage in Deal to Buy Women.com IVillage and Women.com, start-ups that competed to attract women Web surfers and advertisers to cater to them, said that they would join forces, with iVillage paying $27 million to acquire Women.com.
It's very pleasant to be shown an ice-filled bowl bristling with open Champagne bottles as soon as you sit down.
''After two days floating around in one of those Caribbean fishbowls, it gets a little boring.''
His account could not be independently verified.
Experience has shown, Mr. Kamm said, that the more often a Chinese political prisoner is asked about by outsiders, the ''better chance'' the prisoner has of release.
Those attitudes may change as this new generation grows older, but prospects for a softening of their views have dimmed since the Bush administration cast China as a ''strategic competitor'' and indicated it would offer more assertive support for an autonomous Taiwan.
Both fairs are commemorated in contemporary paving installations by Matt Mullican, near the Unisphere, and Michael Golden, at the Passarelle Building.
It is an inviting notion but a difficult one to bear in mind while following the color-coded score, which inevitably puts the stress on compositional technique.
''Those who have circulated the musical news write officially: 'I thought you might be amused,' '' he told the council.
But if you take films only from the start of the sound era, I don't think that there are too many great sound comedies.''
According to a senior Pakistani intelligence official, the Taliban's hasty retreat may be part of a deliberate strategy to vacate the cities and concentrate in the mountains.
Ms. Iles has a good phrase, apropos of the latter: Minimalist artists, having helped to open up the space of the gallery to become part of the work, paved the way for artists working with projected images to include the darkened room of the cinema; what we got, in her words, was a ''hybrid of white cube and black box.''
At a news conference yesterday announcing the board members, Mr. Bloomberg said he had been consulted by both Mr. Pataki and Mr. Giuliani about the appointments, and he noted that Mr. Whitehead had been his personal friend for three decades.
He was survived by his beloved wife, Eva, of 44 years.
Before yesterday's rain-swept 28-10 loss to the Oakland Raiders, the Giants received a big favor from the Washington Redskins, who won in Philadelphia, 13-3.
It also meant toning down the language of some articles -- like one that reported on the call by Muslim extremists in Britain for a holy war against the Pakistani president, Pervez Musharraf -- so that readers ''would not be incited to carry out the instructions,'' Mr. Niazi said.
''I told him no, but I have a daughter who had gone there.''
Joe Parker began the best day of his racing life the same way he has nearly every morning for the past 30 years: in the dark, mucking out a stall.
Mr. Ryan points out that joining the group helped to save elements of traditional Irish culture at a time when British and American television were dominant.
Between the chaos of yesterday and the respectability of tomorrow lies the perfectibility of man.
What they need are actors and audiences, and once a year Fleetwood is happy to oblige with its Platform Series.
By using the permits, they avoided the trip to a distant employee parking lot and paid a discounted parking rate meant for disabled drivers, Mr. Brown said.
''We got back to my place, he fell asleep on the couch and the next morning he was still asleep.
For European utilities that are looking to expand abroad to offset declining profits and increasing competition at home, Powergen offers an opportunity to enter two choice markets.
Attorney General John Ashcroft is pressing Congress for a series of new anti-terrorism laws, including measures that would expand electronic surveillance and the search powers of law enforcement officials.
THE auto insurance industry and traffic engineers are singing the praises of the roundabout, a small-scale variation of the old traffic-circle concept that is growing in popularity across the country.
''We stepped up to the challenge today.
The Giants had the fifth-ranked defense in the N.F.L.
And he acknowledged that such an awe-inspiring information tool had social and cultural repercussions: ''You have more access to information, but that means you have access to bad things, as well.''
No doubt these lengthy passages are meant to satirize Phineas's academic training as a deconstructionist, while simultaneously underscoring the postmodern conviction that truth is always relative, knowledge always provisional.
When you hear names like these, you wonder if Mr. Ritchie picked the pockets of Damon Runyon and Chester Gould (the creator of ''Dick Tracy''), got the contents all mixed up and used them anyway.
''At this moment in time, this campaign is not for me, and it's not for my family,'' he said today to a handpicked group of reporters who were summoned to Drumthwacket, the governor's mansion in Princeton.
As Rocha Hijo opened the home to visitors today, Gen. Shaul Mofaz, the army chief of staff, was quietly touring bunkers nearby, gathering reports.
She wore them to Sunguard, a brokerage software company, and to parties, where she talked with everybody.
But there is always the danger that the religious organizations will favor their own, or impose their own moral views on their clients.
White Hassle features another pair of New York survivors, Marcellus Hall and Dave Varenak of Railroad Jerk fame, exploring the weird corners of roots-music myth.
And if there are computer-generated effects figuring in three-quarters of the scenes, would that make a future ''Star Wars'' installment an animated film?
This rush to design is worth thinking about.
The Pakistani forces are concentrated on a 25-mile stretch opposite Tora Bora.
The Katayama patients suffered even more from the Russian military's assault on the Chechen capital than other residents because the patients were trapped here until December 1999.
Intel, however, is resting its wireless future on the new technology and is betting that it can make enough of the chips to overtake the leads of I.B.M.
He retired in 1996 as chief scientist at the laboratory's Research Center to form Global Ocean Associates, a research and development company in Rockville.
It had combined losses of almost $6 million from 1996 to 2000, according to a report drawn up earlier this year by the Racing and Wagering Board.
Event organizers throw up their hands and put the Western year in parenthesis somewhere on their announcements.
Last year was the sixth in the last seven years that the average international fund failed to keep pace with its domestic counterpart.
''Now you can see an incredibly well-produced, well-written project online by someone you might want to be in business with.''
Abbott struck out six and walked three.
LSU--Announced QB Josh Booty will make himself available for the NFL draft.
(Unless, of course, you pass out handbills to bystanders explaining about your lost MetroCard.)
The Board of Education will mail acceptance letters to about 500 of the new teaching fellows applicants next week, Ms. Bernstein said, and will continue the process into May.
But the rates for Hispanic, black and low-income students still lagged.
''Fifty miles of new runways at 25 airports throughout this country would largely solve the problem'' of air-system gridlock by 2010, he said, given the already planned technological improvements in government and airline air-traffic management.
Vice President Dick Cheney, on television on Sunday, urged Americans to ''stick their thumb in the eye of the terrorists'' by maintaining ''their normal level of economic activity.''
''I really can't think of any other school I would rather be at.''
Mr. Solomon's second psychological storm hit during the move into the house where he lives now.
The commercial thriller writer works hard to make speed.
They come from all walks of life.''
He also puts the present annual rate of loss at 0.46 percent, as calculated by the Food and Agriculture Organization, rather than at 2 percent or more, the figure cited by many environmentalists.
The American ambassador to China, Adm. Joseph W. Prueher, was appointed in part because of contacts developed with Chinese military and civilian leaders while he was commander of American forces in the Pacific.
In the lobby of the hotel where he was staying, he ate a peanut-butter cookie he had mistaken for another kind and went into anaphylactic shock.
Then there is the toll on cities that became pivotal pieces of the terrorist attacks.
Undeterred by the dot-com crash and financial travails of many Internet companies, business publishers have turned to churning out an ever-widening array of guides to help well-established companies prosper on the Web.
Our resolve is now being tested by our enemies -- we don't need it tested by our friends.
MS. SLOAN said she had also been astounded to discover that Wright's patterned glass windows were impressive not only for their design but also for the number he produced.
But it will need NATO's iron fist in the background for years to achieve even that, and NATO will need America's help.
After finding a similar Audi from a private owner closer to home, he visited the Carfax site again.
9:15 Watch fireworks from the porch.
It is said that J. P. Morgan knew before the bust that the market had peaked in 1929.
The two men agreed to put a total of $42 million into the venture, giving them equal ownership in a Chicago-area savings and loan that Mr. Dworman agreed to run and operate from his New York office.
''I was encouraging them to take the chalices out of the closets,'' she said.
And though much more research is needed to ascertain the functional consequences of these brain changes, in some tests, heavy users demonstrated a reduced ability to solve complex problems on intelligence tests and showed signs of short-term memory loss.
It lets you search more than 3,000 cafes worldwide by city, state or country.
''A lot of French and English stores are moving here and many are going to SoHo,'' said Faith H. Consolo, vice chairman of Garrick-Aug, another retail specialist.
Columbine is the worst of the shootings at nearly a dozen public schools around the country in recent years.
She smirks and he says, ''You think that's funny, Nancy Drew?''
But Mr. Baucus has deferred action because he has been unable to devise a drug benefit acceptable to Democrats on the committee, much less to the Republicans.
Mr. Green, who has been one of the Republican mayor's harsher critics over the years, happily borrowed the style Mr. Giuliani has used at his annual addresses to the City Council.
Remember how we lost the first two playoff games to Oakland, he will say, and then came back and twice beat a team that seemed unbeatable?
Cover the fried chicken and the fruit with a decorative food dome and there's no need to whisk the bugs away by burning citronella or spraying with insecticide.
In an ideal world Congress and the White House would stand up to the special interests, and give us no reason to be cynical.
But Thrash crept up on everyone, just as he did when he entered the league in 1997 as a rookie free agent signed by these Eagles.
Jim Steets, a spokesman for Entergy, the company that owns the plant, said that closing it would accomplish nothing, and that it would be far harder for a jet to hit the plants than a large target like the World Trade Center.
Looking out toward the northeast with the naked eye, Mr. Flynn pointed out Capella.
Set a large pot of water to boil for the pasta.
''I'm just not sure people are ready to have this thing flying over their heads.''
It was another challenge: with no planes flying, the tapes would have to be driven to Chicago.
''First I buy a house,'' he said.
Sue Bird scored 20 points and Tamika Williams grabbed a career-high 19 rebounds to lead top-ranked Connecticut to a 94-74 victory over visiting North Carolina last night in the semifinals of the Preseason Women's National Invitation Tournament.
Scoring a goal was a major accomplishment for the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Early in the 1990's, Ms. Stallings flirted with rediscovery when Carl Jefferson, the founder of Concord Records, signed her to a three-record deal on the promise he would at last make her a star.
Design of all kinds has been so minimalist that there's a desire to return to opulence and unashamed beauty.''
''People pay big bucks for first class,'' says Steve Luckey, a representative for the Air Line Pilots Association.
In the early 1980's, Mr. Lachhman settled in the United States, and eventually got into construction work.
After a war of words with Saudi Arabia, it eventually agreed to a cut of 150,000 barrels a day for three months.
''It's a pretty fluid situation,'' Ms. Reynolds said.
''Officer Lee stood in front of me and said, 'What are you doing in there?'
That has become incredibly spiritually depleting.
Bernabe never stopped dispensing advice to Bernie, even after he helped the Yankees win four World Series titles.
The result is an odd mixture of tension, suburban comedy and schmaltz.
The groundskeepers tended to the field after the fifth inning at Comerica Park and Yankees Manager Joe Torre leaned over the dugout railing and looked out, arms folded in front of him.
''Costa Rica opened my eyes to how much poverty there is, but now it's closer to home.
Mr. DiIulio, a Democrat and an academic, said he wanted to spend more time with his family.
He also proposed that the Israelis abandon their insistence that the Temple Mount -- the contested site in Jerusalem that is holy both to Jews and to Muslims -- be under Israeli sovereignty exclusively.
It was the third straight quarter that Vitesse has lowered its targets before the period ended.
Mass of the Resurrection will be at the Immaculate Conception Church, Astoria, Monday the 13th day of August at 9:45 AM.
All of these efforts are in the interest of husbanding a mini-empire that has developed about 5,000 units of low- and moderate-income housing.
Among the measures taken to help Kosovo's youth recover from the war are the creation of nearly 300 youth centers and youth associations since the war.
''This week, we've been grieving for an indescribable loss, but one nice thing happened today,'' said Diane T. Goodnow, the bridegroom's mother.
is investigating whether the company's Mexican unit improperly accounted for bad debts, Xerox said.
Some analysts worry that as Amazon's working capital heads toward zero, its vendors may become wary of selling it merchandise.
Because of an editing error, a front-page article yesterday about a dispute between President Bush and Congress over access to classified information rendered a phrase incorrectly in a comment from the president.
On Sept. 11, the massive cloud of soot and pulverized building matter that descended on Lower Manhattan from the fires and collapses at the World Trade Center infiltrated 14 Wall -- a 40-story office tower three blocks away -- through the vents and other routes, as it did hundreds of other buildings in the area.
They are $2 each and will be available through November at Fauchon, 442 Park Avenue (56th Street), and at Sant Ambroeus, 1000 Madison Avenue (77th Street).
Mr. Bush's spokesman, Ari Fleischer, ducked a series of questions on the subject today, falling back on familiar bromides about the strength of the United States-Japan alliance.
The average age of passengers on Royal Caribbean is 45, and the company is seeking to attract people earning $35,000 and up, Mr. Fain said.
Testaverde said the Jets' upheaval in the past three weeks has been unsettling for players.
*Do shoppers who buy New York Brand Texas Garlic Toast and New York Brand Texas Garlic Breadsticks, sold by the T. Marzetti Company, eagerly await the introduction of Texas Brand New York Bagels and Texas Brand New York Knishes?
The taxi group has signed up thousands of members, lobbied public officials, secured discount health insurance and opened walk-in help centers for drivers.
The director of Training Solutions, Henry M. Stern, said the recession added to the desperation of people seeking work, and to the intense financial pressure felt by city-contract agencies like his own.
Randy Winn hit a solo homer and McGriff, hitting .533 in interleague play this season, had a run-scoring double and two R.B.I.
Dr. Solomon said the hunger that Scott and the others experienced was not the result of having an additional member of the party -- they almost reshuffled the rations, she said -- but because the rations themselves were insufficient.
Mr. Vallone said, looking over at Mr. Ferrer on the set at WNBC studios at Rockefeller Center.
Allou Health & Beauty Care Inc. (Amex: ALU) of Brentwood has reported revenues increased to $545 million in the last fiscal year, ending in March, from $421 million the prior year.
A farmer since 1972, Mr. Dorr became an advocate of the importance of transforming family farms into far larger commercial, technologically advanced operations after graduating in business from Morningside College in Sioux City, Iowa.
Shortly before she died in 1919, she planned to organize her sales agents into local clubs that could use their economic clout to protest lynching and other civil rights abuses while improving conditions in their communities.
With share loans, however, public notice of the lender's lien is given in a different way -- by the filing of what is known as a UCC-1 Financing Statement.
My group sat around wondering how this information would be useful if you didn't speak English and concluded that the phrase should've been written in all six languages.
Polls show him trailing former Mayor Maurice Ferre, with Mr. Diaz gaining on him.
Sales also more than doubled, to $72.6 million.
''Even in my stupor, I realized that there was a pattern forming,'' he said.
Add onions and sauté until soft and golden, about 10 minutes.
''The first half is over, and it was disappointing for me because I've been hurt all year,'' he said.
Meanwhile, the Mattabesset River Canoe/Kayak Trail is already showing people a steam that is beautiful and full of life.
So, here are two similar styles and philosophies going against each other.
''We need relaxation too, and if we can chat a little and make ourselves feel better, that's always nice.''
Before this provocative face-off actually materializes -- ''If this was a boxing match, I would pay top dollar to go,'' said George Arzt, a consultant who knows both men -- a few bridges need to be crossed.
The executives are Mitchell Caplan, 40, president, who was an executive vice president at AnswerThink; Mike Lanzi, 34, director for account management, who was a senior vice president at AnswerThink; and Charles Pinkerton, 37, director for interactive media and marketing, who was a vice president at AnswerThink.
Ms. Hanover, Mr. Giuliani and their two children continue to live at Gracie Mansion, although the mayor uses a guest room.
A volunteer peeled back the blanket, exposing the head.
Ms. Thomas-Graham said she was aware of this, and she was being careful not to alienate viewers by being ''knee-jerk'' in the changes she was making.
Asked if troops sent to Egypt could join combat operations in Afghanistan, Thomas White, the Secretary of the Army, replied: ''That's within the realm of the possible.
I'm getting excited for the game.''
''Recent History'' spans more than 30 years, and much of the material it covers -- the suburban dream, the disillusionment of the late 60's, the replacement of the proprietary ''male moment'' with the quest for intimacy -- is familiar territory.
Clare Short, Britain's top official for international assistance, said on Thursday that the situation in Afghanistan was so urgent that British forces needed to start deploying there ''in days.''
There was an example of that in this game, when Dayne took a handoff, bounced outside and looked ready for a mammoth collision with linebacker Ray Lewis, the All-Pro and N.F.L.
Our vision of Europe must also include the Balkans.
Mr. Kramer said that he is Executive Platinum on American, where he said he had a total of about 1.5 million miles.
Williams's managerial philosophy clearly would have worked with those Phillies teams of Lenny Dykstra and John Kruk in the early 90's.
Vivendi gained a 43 percent stake in USA Networks last year through Vivendi's $34 billion acquisition of the Seagram Company, which owned the various Universal media properties.
The story is often told about a meeting that Mubarak held with a group of intellectuals more than five years ago.
of Turner Broadcasting System who oversees CNN, and MSNBC's general manager, Erik Sorenson, seem to be reading from the same teleprompter.
Will Gilman, 44, a former student of Doug Lyford's, lives down the road from Dr. Martin, who still checks up on his health.
''Because of him, more blacks are playing baseball.''
Protecting our heritage is a responsibility that cannot fall to government alone.
The rights revolution of the 1960's had many noble achievements, but in rebelling against hierarchical authority in all of its forms, it arguably threw out the baby with the bath water.
Mr. Corzine, the state's junior senator, said he agreed that Democrats would ultimately have an easier time running against Mr. Schundler's conservative positions.
Still, the majority of Reeder's family and friends remain steadfast in their support for McVeigh's death, as do many family members and survivors.
A 'Make It Happen' Guy Brown is coach of the year, Iverson is player of the year, center Dikembe Mutombo is defensive player of the year and the swingman Aaron McKie is sixth man of the year.
But in laying plans for the future, his transition team is reaching out directly to the industries and advocates that felt most aggrieved by Mr. Clinton's tenure, and that have made clear there is much they want to see undone.
But a decision by Brazil to award the contract to the French would clearly give Chile and other potential arms shoppers in Latin America a means to pressure the United States to furnish them with more advanced equipment.
He said he did not expect the pain to subside any time soon.
The studies compared the effectiveness of various online ad types, whether plain-old banner ads or new types of larger formats.
Equipment, bait and instruction are provided at the contest, which is sponsored by Macy's East.
Yet, even with Debbie as a mother-defender, Michael is not ''out'' at work for fear of being fired.
The price of the 30-year Treasury bond fell 20/32, to 98 12/32.
Erik and Ava make the same face at each other, the two framed by window curtains.
''They should have gotten into batteries or other cash-flow-predictable products that are sold in the distribution channels they already used,'' suggested Vincent Muscolino, a manager of the David L. Babson Company's DLB Technology Fund, which is bullish on Eastman Kodak but has avoided Polaroid stock.
That the imitations were crammed alongside the antiquities barely seemed to register with potential bidders.
Joseph A. Valiquette, a spokesman for the bureau's office in New York, said there were no arrests and no criminal charges associated with the raid, which began shortly after 9 a.m. and ended about six hours later.
Located in a blue-grey barn-like building on Brook Street in Salisbury, the shop offers a range of tea accouterments including teapots, cups, jars of lemon curd, scone mix, special cookies, and napkins.
GOLDMAN-Morton R., 79, of New York City passed away August 27, 2001, after a long illness.
He also indicated that he was willing to halt all missile exports, including missile components, technical advice and brokering services.
Doctors operated but were unable to determine the cause.
''I can't come into a major with a better record,'' Sorenstam said.
Local businesses, like the Debbie Frank Dance Studio, Stan'z Cafe, The Larchmont Store, Kearn's Deli, Twinkletoes, Vision of Tomorrow Salon and Spa and Wonder Cleaners, are also selling the pins, with all profits going to the charity.
Loving brother of David, Arthur and the late Phil Weintraub.
Things like slaughterhouses, breweries, rubber plants, scrap yards and landfills took over the Route 1 corridor, called Allingtown.
But despite averaging a career-high 24 points and 6.8 assists, and shooting a team-best 44.7 percent this season, Marbury was skeptical of his All-Star chances and had made plans to go to the Bahamas this weekend.
Investigators first grew suspicious after he used a Yahoo address to request a transfer of $10 million belonging to the software magnate Thomas Siebel into an offshore account.
In New York State, more than 10,000 have registered for the coming test, according to the State Board of Law Examiners in Albany, which gives it.
In fact, her little daughter, who can't swim, has slipped into the deep end of the pool.
Most of the people who posted complaints were from Hempstead, but there were also complaints from Smithtown, Huntington and Babylon residents.
At the end, there were three unusual bursts of applause, one before and two after the roaring ovation.
So far, companies using advertising games say they have been well received by consumers, citing online surveys.
Instead, another of Mr. Hughes's poems, ''Luck,'' was used.
Il Giardino, 41 Ridgedale Avenue, Cedar Knolls.
Ms. Skaggs, who is making something of her own out of fusing popular and concert dance vocabularies, calls her free outdoor show ''Get Out of the House.''
But each candidate, at least according to the other, also has serious shortcomings.
Director Louis J. Freeh of the Federal Bureau of Investigation is said to favor the death penalty.
The Board of Trustees of BHSSC and all its members mourn the passing of Fay Hammerman, mother of our distinguished Board member, Stephen.
THE BUZZ -- ''Isn't he great?
The British public is supportive of Prime Minister Tony Blair's forceful backing of the United States-led coalition and of his decision to have Britain actively take part with troops and matériel in the war in Afghanistan.
ad, a Gameboy Color title (''Legend of the Lost Spatula'') and ''SpongeBob'' Cheese Nips snack crackers.
Last season he proved not only that he was a good interpreter of American sportswear classics, but also that he could see a style early, like the return of military, and put a camp spin on it.
''I hope it's not on my watch,'' Dr. Turner said.
Tomorrow from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m., a free class on battling the beetle and what can be done to stop the Asian Longhorn Beetle.
There have been a few great countertenors -- most notably, Russell Oberlin and Alfred Deller (who once, or so it is said, when accused of being a eunuch, replied, ''No, no, you must mean unique'').
As I said when I left college two years ago, I have 40 years to find a really good job.
A recent visit to the Tony Award-winning show found it in a robust, muscle-flexing state of health that takes the chill right out of the flu season.
Supporters of the approach taken by former President Bill Clinton said tonight that the administration's decision was intended to undermine the plan while allowing the White House to claim that its hands had been tied by the courts.
Through the end of this year, the report estimates, the city will have gained an estimated 17,000 jobs, down sharply from last year.
''Grill them about their successes and failures, as well as company politics that you might not be aware of.''
The present-tense story has long been something of a Beattie hallmark, and the present -- with its lack of perspective and embarrassment of disposable pop-culture riches -- has been where her characters are determined to live.
The talks are being held at a secluded hotel near Weston-under-Lizard, in the English Midlands, to shield them from media attention and remove them from Northern Ireland, where marches this week by militant Protestants may heighten sectarian tensions.
Two days later I broke down in my office.
When the deal putting the two chains together went through -- Knight acquired Ridder and assumed 10 of the 15 seats on the new board -- it seemed as if the Knight approach would prevail.
Indeed, this is a hallmark of the market, and of much of San Francisco's culinary scene: a reverence for brand-name meats.
With the exception of holidays, chocolate is an impulse purchase, and Mr. Rogers hopes the location, nestled among other stores, will make for steady sales throughout the year.
Rent stabilization generally applies to apartments in buildings with six or more units built between 1947 and 1974 and to tenants who moved into pre-1947 buildings with six or more units after June 30, 1971.
I put my binoculars around my neck and attempt to get out of the car for a closer look.
Watchung Circle, 18 Stirling Road, Watchung.
(If only some of the same logic had been applied to Mr. Anderson's other recent movie, ''Session 9,'' that initially promising thriller might not have collapsed into an impenetrable montage).
And largely suburban and mostly white counties have higher rates of capital murder trials, the report said.
''We are aware of the subpoenas, and are cooperating fully with the investigation,'' a Bristol-Myers spokesman, Patrick Donohue, said.
The note's yield, which moves in the opposite direction from the price, rose to 5.38 percent from 5.32 percent on Monday.
Help for Alcohol Abusers Anne M. Fletcher's new book, ''Sober for Good,'' includes a 31-page appendix on how and where to find help with drinking problems, including the various recovery groups, which are fully described, sources of professional counseling and helpful Web sites, as well as books that can help people quit on their own.
Might any have been been anthrax, but misidentified as something else?
Her son is now missing half his hand.
He also designed 100 condominiums in Florida, and lived his later years in a Miami Beach apartment in a building he designed in the 1960's.
Bourgeois home life in the Netherlands during the bountiful 17th century was not a modest affair.
Last January, a special court convicted one Libyan and acquitted another in that attack.
Perhaps it is unfair to complain about this change of philosophy.
The local represents about 7,000 US Airways workers.
''We didn't notice anything,'' said his brother, John Coleman Jr., also a firefighter, ''until we got upstairs and saw that he had no eyebrows, no eyelashes and no hairline.''
Roddick unleashed 21 aces, including one that registered 136 m.p.h., but there was more than brute force to his game.
The Chargers are a perfect example of this.
WHITE SOX 5, ROYALS 4: Magglio Ordonez homered for the sixth time in seven games and Mark Buehrle won his fifth straight start as host Chicago beat Kansas City.
We're trying to plaster the scatter.''
Mr. Storey said the company will look to release a consumer model toward the end of next year.
For decades, every American administration has assumed that it must be ready for anything, but also that China should not be pushed toward antagonism.
''It isn't just lit up with lights,'' he said.
Producers who entered the industry in the 50's may be passing their collections on within the next decade.
I could easily get used to it.''
is particularly eager to sell Hughes to raise as much as $9 billion in cash.
Under pressure from the brand-name companies and several trading partners, including the United States, Canada repealed the compulsory licensing law in 1993.
''Think of it as a robot,'' Mr. Rosenberg said.
The Nationalists kept 117 of the 225 seats in the legislature, leaving Mr. Chen's party a minority.
I'm not trying to make a trite statement about us.
The year before, the Koch administration had set aside more than $4 billion as part of a 10-year plan to rebuild the city's crumbling housing stock.
A new round of fighting erupted in Afghanistan, sending more people into flight in a country already parched by drought and frozen by an unusually harsh winter.
It is the earth's eye, looking into which the beholder measures the depth of his own nature.''
Turn the calendar pages back.
He hacked weeds and dug holes and trimmed trees and hauled bags of cocoa beans.
But Mr. Woolsey said in an interview that this material was not shared with the C.I.A.
A double string quartet, including Mark and Greg Wood, will perform contemporary chamber music at his father's opening reception today at 4 p.m. at Temple Emanuel.
Senior officials said today that more than 10,000 bombs or missiles had been dropped or fired into Afghanistan during the war.
Ferry, who will be 35 in October, played in 80 games with the Spurs last season, his first in San Antonio, and set a team record with a .449 shooting percentage (70 for 156) from 3-point range.
Companies should also consider the needs of emergency workers when determining whether to evacuate, Mr. Catranzos said.
When Mr. Carrère began his career as a writer, he decided not use his last name so he would be regarded as a person independent of his mother.
He credited the Navy and Air Force in resupplying the forces on the ground, allowing them to stay longer than the planned 30 days.
Died January 6, 2001 at home in Rye, N.Y.
The office vacancy rate is below 5 percent, and there are few large blocks of space available in Midtown.
Even so, there's enough Clinton iana on tap to keep Mr. Bush in the shadows indefinitely.
CREDIT CARDS: American Express, MasterCard, Visa.
Jerry Dunn, in his sixth season as Penn State's basketball coach, said Paterno is a big supporter of the basketball program.
Mr. Salim was to have been tried with four other men in the current embassy bombings trial in Manhattan, but his case was separated from the others after he was accused of stabbing and critically injuring the guard, Luis Pepe, in the Metropolitan Correctional Center on Nov. 1.
COMMUNITY SERVICE SOCIETY OF NEW YORK 105 East 22d Street, New York, N.Y. 10010.
And Shawn was a perfect baby.''
But Tim Thomas fouled Hill hard on a layup and was called for another flagrant foul.
Other stars think they can discourage autograph sales by placing personal inscriptions above their signatures.
''To get back to their original size, it would probably be years,'' said Glenn D. Engel, an analyst at Goldman, Sachs.
They also have the potential to offer higher levels of security.
It is a paradise for morphomaniacs, people who enjoy the infinite forms that objects can take.
Andy was a graduate of Wesleyan University (1985) and The Harvard Business School (1991).
after Sept. 11, she said, ''Things happen when they happen.''
''I see the first half of next year being pretty slow, pretty flat.
When her father died, her family moved to Trenton, N.J., and they visited the Wengerchuks.
''And then you pull off a win.
Revenue from the service tends to be low, because low-income customers do not typically run up large phone bills.
Not only inventing foods but inventing the words describing foods helps her through difficult times.
''It's a good day,'' Mr. Clinton, who was wearing a ''Hillary'' campaign button on his lapel, said later.
Mr. Jaquet wrote to provincial health officials, saying the recruiting had ''affected South Africa's ability to reform the poor health infrastructure inherited from our apartheid past.''
A collection of taped radio and television broadcasts and exhibitions in other media, including drawings, posters and photographs.
MR. NELSON appears to be a man of such earnestness and intelligence that it is difficult to mistrust his intentions.
The company also said it would close a manufacturing plant in Round Rock, Tex., and a research and development center in Minnesota.
One was the death of her 94-year-old Indian grandmother.
Long known for its superb sound systems, packed schedule and wide musical range, the festival encompasses gospel, Brazilian music and some of the better-behaved in rock.
In recent years, as cellular phones have become ubiquitous, New Yorkers have been known to complain about the dearth of pay telephones on their streets.
If we don't, then we can greet our enemy as brothers.''
The top player on Sprewell's wish list is Sacramento power forward Chris Webber, who will be a free agent this summer.
Neither lunch changed the political landscape.
The fire was not especially large, and it was placed under control shortly before 9 p.m., Firefighter Allas said.
Like most museums in the city, as well as some others around the country, the Museum of Natural History experienced a drastic drop in attendance -- in its case, a 50 percent drop since Sept. 11 -- and a major loss of revenue from admissions fees, bookshops and cafeterias.
Reminiscent of Grenada's Alhambra, it features stucco work, ceilings, tiling and interior patios that are all remarkable.
But the show is, in the end, about the interior life of those who love the art form, about the struggle that leaves them lonely, introspective, unsure.
''Everything is slow,'' Ms. Kandic said, ''and it is not clear any more what the priorities are.''
But the mayor of London and the mayor of New York do have things in common.
No Salthill husband would murder his wife literally!''
Mr. Tacca led 100 young Chinese accordionists in a rendition of Johann Strauss Sr.'s ''Radetsky March'' and performed with the 80-piece Kunming Symphony.
His quirky characters often seem to flit back and forth between two worlds, one humdrum and the other secret, mysterious and full of menace.
Elsewhere throughout the city, it has come in at $19,000 per unit.
This time of the year has been the best for the Scarlet Knights in recent years; they made it to the Round of 16, the Round of 8 and the Final Four the last three years.
The McCain-Feingold bill would leave that unchanged.
It was left to Jorge to provide for his mother, a ''bantam hen on four-inch heels'' who worried about saving face and paying the maids.
The letter came from Malaysia.
The community board wants to create a pedestrian mall that will celebrate the road's history.
Her father is the executive vice president for labor relations with the National Football League in New York.
The polygraph examiner determined that Dr. Lee was deceptive, a Congressional report said.
But he was sacked four times for 32 yards in losses.
RESERVATIONS -- Needed on weekends.
Among the dead and missing from Sept. 11 were immigrant workers who earned a pittance and for whom the basic needs of people in modern society were distant dreams.
And that's the defining moment.
''The facts speak for themselves.
Directed by Andrew Adamson and Vicky Jenson (PG, 89 minutes).
Brewer, who was Ms. Messinger's chief of staff when she was the district's councilwoman, directed Mr. Dinkins's federal office and was deputy public advocate to Mark Green.
NEW JERSEY CHILDREN'S MUSEUM ''Wild About Animals.''
But a 50-acre patch overlooking the river on the far southern reaches of the shoreline is being returned, after a sluggish start, to the city's roots as an industrial park with up to a million square feet of commercial space.
One of them is Diggs, a singer with a New Jersey-based pop-punk band called The Pennyroyals, has been in the JerseyAires for six years.
What do we have to lose by giving federal security forces at airports a try?
The union represents almost the entire department in this pro-union city and has succeeded in reversing about 90 percent of the misconduct findings routinely appealed to the private arbitrators, chosen jointly under the contract between the union and the city.
Information: (212) 744-8181, extension 141.
Reached in Ankara, where he is on the way to Washington, free Kurdistan's prime minister, Barham Salih, says this data may help provide intelligence links.
In the New York area, the price of a gallon of diesel fuel is generally about 15 cents higher than that of regular gasoline.
Mr. Blair has promised to decide before the summer of 2003 whether to call a plebiscite on euro membership and, Mr. Campbell reiterated today, that decision will depend on whether participation in the single currency will benefit the British economy.
Mr. Lynch responded that the injuries had left him able to study but unable to work.
The Devils are healthy and seem to be reaching their peak at the right time.
What is perhaps most surprising about the current situation is Linn's closeness to her father, which Ullmann professes to be pleased about.
''None of them were illegal.''
The company will record a one-time charge of $2 million to $3 million for expenses related to the job cuts.
In New York City, for example, the population grew by 6 percent, or 456,000 people, when the effect of the 1990 undercount is taken into account.
''We asked each other, should we choose a textbook that has drawn so many criticisms from the neighboring countries,'' she said.
Todd Pratt, for one, appreciated Appier's effort.
Investigators are still looking into allegations that Mr. Chirac's former ally, Jean Tiberi, rigged votes and provided ghost jobs.
One scene in ''The Day I Learned to Swim,'' for which Ms. Wheeler provided the choreography, had what looked like swimming motions for the arms, but it is best to take the playful titles with a grain of salt.
While conference organizers were clearly thrilled to have Dr. Piot in attendance, every time he used the word epidemic in his speech, Chinese translators substituted ''situation.''
Passengers sit in the comfortable shade of the parlor, the large all-purpose room at the front of the boat, and watch the world pass by out of the open rattan windows.
A clarion call, a sounding of the tocsin or a plea to heed history's dire warnings -- all are fair ways to describe ''While America Sleeps,'' an unflinching polemic nested in the language of historical research and contemporary strategic analysis.
Fridays and Saturdays at 7:30 p.m.; Sundays at 2 p.m.
To the Editor: ''At Murrow High, a Feeling of Freedom Prevails'' (Education page, June 13): Students at Edward R. Murrow High School in Brooklyn spend their free time wisely.
What do all these have in common?
''He's joined Rupert Murdoch's right-wing New York Post in attacking Democrat Alan Hevesi.''
But from the start, Orlando asked hard questions, often from the sidelines, about what was suitable and what was not, for the Ibatan.
Soriano's at-bat continued and he kept fouling off pitches, before flying out on the 13th pitch.
So today, dozens of Nassau County workers spent their lunch hour picketing in front of their offices, the Department of Social Services Building at 101 County Seat Drive here.
'' Mr. Weller was impressed by this unsolicited effort to pass on the craft to the next generation.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose 13.90 points, or 1.14 percent, to 1,237.04.
The standard postwar downturn has been relatively short and sharp.
It's alien to the chicken.''
But whether these wishes are compatible (or how much sense they make) is far from clear.
Like most of Hollywood's traditional fare, they were instructional tools as much as they were entertainments, and the cultural norms they validated were those of white, middle-class America.
The president's inner circle was drawn from the bunker of the Persian Gulf war.
The state attorney general's office is asking the New Jersey Supreme Court to reconsider its decision that hastens parole eligibility for Samuel A. Manzie, a convicted child killer.
I'm interested in the personal interpretation, a personal way of seeing, whether the person has an artistic background or is a farmer or a carpenter.''
The left-hander, acquired by Toronto in January from the Chicago White Sox as part of the David Wells trade, has not thrown this spring.
He said his company had been approached by some consumer electronics makers.
She will be deeply missed.
Bruins goalie Byron Dafoe played much better than he did in the Devils' 4-3 overtime victory Tuesday night in Boston.
Dilfer, meanwhile, was excellent yesterday -- 18 attempts, 9 completions, 190 yards.
''Maybe even, I'll have thirds,'' he said.
Last year emigrants sent an estimated $20 billion back to relatives in Latin America and the Caribbean region, typically in installments of a few hundred dollars a month.
Faced with growing costs and decreased revenue, both companies began working last year to adapt their Flash technology, originally designed to move large vector graphics through small Internet pipelines, to produce animation for broadcast television.
In an interview in 1999, Mr. Sullivan recalled an experience a quarter of a century before that helped give birth to his effort.
Tomorrow, Deep Banana Blackout brings its beloved funk to the club, with the fusion-flavored Uncle Sammy opening.
Valentine must select the N.L.
His craftiness, defensive ability and 3-point shooting touch is reminiscent of Derek Harper, who joined the Knicks at a similar stage in his career, but a move to acquire Blaylock remains doubtful.
The two don't see eye to eye on many things, including Ullmann's intense involvement with her work throughout Linn's childhood and adolescence.
The Communists, under Gregor Gysi, the party's charismatic leader, won 22.6 percent of the vote in October.
Working with half of the crab cakes at a time (keep remaining cakes in the refrigerator), dip each cake into the beaten eggs and coat with crumbs.
Another sister, Lavinia Wilson, said Miss Nardella ''was the kind of person that just gave and didn't think she was going to get anything in return.''
Jack Myers, chief economist for Myers Reports in New York, which publishes media and research newsletters, was more pessimistic.
They see politics as a competition of interests.
The photographs are vivid, sometimes startling glimpses through the natural keyholes of thicket, grass and leaves at secret birds, caught unaware.
Mr. Ford emphatically denied it, calling the idea ''way-out unreliable.''
It was late summer of 1998, Mr. Ruzi said, just after the Taliban had captured Mazar-i-Sharif for the last time.
It's different when you can get involved.
Ten days after the attack, he is reeling for another reason.
''In theory, the trucks are supposed to stay at least 100 meters behind each other in the tunnel, but very few of them do that,'' he said.
The lives of men and women who came of age during the Depression and World War II.
Mr. Giuliani's aides say he likes the mild-mannered Mr. Vallone and most likely will not criticize him publicly.
In a 1997 commencement address at Wheaton College in Massachusetts, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg of the United States Supreme Court said that when people write her asking for her signature, they typically include the phrase ''Thank you for not using an auto pen.''
Some current literature, however, puts the range at one in 75,000 up to one in over a million.
AOL subscribers will be able to send and receive e-mail and instant messages via the Revo, Psion's organizer, and its Series 5mx hand-held devices, the companies said.
Green, 28, who said his upbringing in Tustin, Calif., was not particularly religious, described his appreciation of his Jewish heritage as a ''slow awakening.''
''How are they going to prove I received it?
But the primary factor is the way candles are used, the fire officials said, citing a series of recent cases.
Before long, Mr. Hicks, 36, a junior high school basketball coach from Washington Township, N.J., was patting down his sweaty brow.
Harold B. Lemmerman Gallery, Hepburn Hall, Room 323.
At the same time, they are eager to push ahead with the development of a national missile defense despite even greater scientific uncertainties.
That Brosius will not play for the Yankees in 2002 is no surprise.
In fact, Mr. Asbell had no college degrees.
So long as men can breathe, or eyes can see, So long lives this, and this gives life to thee.
But what appears to be a perfect union founders when he discovers his new love once dated his father, who abandoned the family 18 years earlier.
Zeile said he expected to play Tuesday.
George E. Pataki does, the governor has no customary role in filling federal posts.
Atmos will also assume $45 million in debt.
But with a demand for bigger apartments already evident, the developers have redrawn floors or made more combinable units available.
Not a single senator, Democrat or Republican, has announced an intention to vote against Ms. Norton.
Listed in order of preference.
Parks' tale, talks only to its owner.
IN downtown Manhattan, the bedrooms of Gina DeCesare and August Adams are as different as their personalities.
GOLDFEIN-Pauline R. It is now eighteen years since you left us.
But he mixed them smartly into a postmodern soup that his bookish listeners could swallow without feeling as if they were compromising their emotional remove: Pavement fans didn't dance, they considered.
His science is very solid, and the breadth of his interests is unique.''
''If people can't come in, relax and enjoy themselves, they just won't come,'' he said.
''We have not made any assurance to anyone that any director will leave,'' Mr. Kumar said yesterday.
Cassie Joan Hudson, 19, of Parish, was charged with conspiracy.
On the Monday after Thanksgiving, C. Michael Armstrong, AT&T's chairman, directed that negotiations with MediaNews be resumed, an AT&T executive testified.
Considerably transformed from Conan Doyle's cunning Victorian adventuress in ''A Scandal in Bohemia,'' Irene is a swashbuckling heroine who smokes cigars, carries a pistol and disguises herself in men's clothing when she plunges into the Parisian underworld to investigate the ritual slaughter of two working girls at a fashionable brothel.
Dearest son, shared lives, shared dreams, a shared love.
''It could happen anywhere,'' said John R. Trice, the Chemung County district attorney.
Romanowski did not explain why he could have had hard feelings toward Collins.
He was not the only Net to come up big in the clutch.
Still, even with the financial triage it has performed, Starwood will be strongly affected.
In fact, in the face of recession, Denise Stinson, literary agent and head of Walk Worthy Press, in partnership with Warner Books to publish black Christian fiction, seems to be on the march.
Maybe all of the above.
He has also been singing their praises to all who will listen.
The Marlins won for only the second time in their last 11 games.
Diane Ravitch, the education historian, said the most important comparison to be made was not between Regents passing rates now and a year ago, but between now and before the Regents tests became mandatory.
targets military, technological, cryptographic, economic and political information.
The grounds are more compact than the others, which means more of its 524 rooms are closer to the beach, but the hotel uses European-style 220-volt outlets while everyone else in the country is on 110.
The companies have been negotiating a settlement and set an informal deadline for yesterday but did not reach agreement by the end of the business day.
The arrest followed months of collaboration between the police and community advocates to coax information from witnesses and reduce drug-related violence in a city where such crime is on the rise.
Or that he no longer has the hip-hotel niche all to himself.
-- 300,000 to 400,000 people -- are believed to be infected with the hepatitis C virus, or H.C.V.
What is less clear is whether poor people's economic situations have stagnated, or if, as New Yorkers find their economic lives improved, they have been replaced at the bottom by poor immigrants.
Jimenez grounded a broken-bat single to left, then was thrown out when he broke for second on a bunt attempt.
Environmentalists in New Jersey would agree; groups pushing for more environmental regulation generally considered her ''good on the green, bad on the brown,'' because she expanded the state's open space, but cut enforcement of air and water quality standards, abolished an environmental prosecutor's office and eased reporting rules for companies that handle toxic materials.
The notion of a book came later, not as a conscious plan but in the guise of regret.
On one occasion in mid-1998, according to the S.E.C.
Tonight and tomorrow night at 8, Japan Society, 333 East 47th Street, Manhattan, (212) 752-3015.
She graduated from Duke University.
I give him a lot of credit for what he's done with his life.''
We have jumped to the top of the social scale, like rock stars, and I am uncomprehending.''
Although prisoners of war are usually released at the end of hostilities, international law permits trial of captured opponents under certain circumstances.
The opening lead was the diamond king, and West shifted to a heart.
We didn't follow our defensive assignments.
Five years ago the passage got tougher as United States Border Patrol agents began sealing off urban areas along the border and immigrants began cutting trails through the desert.
What struck me was the consumer's willingness to overlook the shortcuts that producers like Small Planet and Horizon milk take in their faux-organic approach.
Mr. Jackson accused the United States authorities of colluding to hand out lengthy sentences, like the 90 days given the Rev.
Such laws are clearly indicated in Afghanistan and could be viewed in part as reparations for the extraordinary suffering inflicted on women by the Taliban.
Nearly all of them were imaginary portraits of women, beautifully rendered in wistful tones of beige and gold, yet each had something about it that was not quite right.
MCCULLOUGH WINS MEXICO SENIOR CLASSIC: Mike McCullough won his first Senior PGA Tour title yesterday, closing with a 4-under-par 68 for a one-stroke victory in the Mexico Senior Classic.
It was enough to make me swear off meat, but that might have denied me the crisp-skinned duck, served with a sauce made from ruby grapefruit.
''The population of domain name holders is dominated by commercial interests,'' said Alan Davidson, associate director of the Center for Democracy and Technology.
In Mandarin, the popular sequence 518 can be interpreted as, ''I want to prosper,'' and 168 sounds like, ''A road of prosperity.''
The actual experience of being in a tunnel of water is undoubtedly more thrilling than anything that can be conveyed on your television screen, but the effect is still quite impressive.
I looked at three portable electronic labelers aimed at the consumer market: the Dymo LetraTag, $29.99; the Brother P-Touch Home and Hobby Model PT-65, $49.99; and the Stanley Heavy Duty Labeler ST-1150, $99.95, which is also a Brother machine (the name appears under license).
The man had never heard of me, had never read anything I'd written.
It is not until a third switch is flipped, activating the barrier gates, that the roadway is entirely sealed.
opposes the $460 million cleanup plan.
Antiviral drugs have worked wonders for individual patients, but they will never contain the epidemic.
Mr. Bloomberg's representatives have said that they wanted copies of the petitions to see only who had witnessed them, and that they would not challenge any of the signatures.
The Penguins have two goals in the other 11 periods.
Citing a similar decision by the Tennessee Supreme Court in a case known as Davis v. Davis, the New Jersey court found that the interest of the man, M. B., in being able to use the embryos to procreate was outweighed by the interest of the woman, J.
Daddy would be 85 today.
The victory gave Oklahoma a perfect 13-0 record and crowned the Sooners as the undisputed national champions for the first time since 1985.
5 5 FALSE MEMORY, by Dean Koontz.
Coleman's blast landed more than halfway up the steep hill that frames left field, and as he loped around the bases, teammates squeezed out of the Yankees' dugout to greet him, Coleman grinning broadly.
Workers at an Internal Revenue Service processing center run by Mellon Bank hid thousands of tax returns or put them with papers to be shredded because they thought they had fallen behind, the bank's chairman has announced.
to speak at its annual coaching symposium, which took place this past week in Chicago in conjunction with the owner's meetings.
''I don't know if I could have voted in good conscience for the Fire Department to affiliate with an organization that discriminates,'' he said.
Martinez paced the Yankees with 34 homers and 113 runs batted in, but there is a precedent for him being benched in the World Series.
and ''Drive out the Americans,'' the laid-off workers have been repulsed by Daewoo security guards whenever they have tried to scale or breach the wall.
THOUGH having long withstood the national economic doldrums, the real estate market in the New York metropolitan region was already slipping toward a slowdown by Sept. 11, housing economists and specialists say.
''We did very well last year,'' said Andrew Ackerman, executive director of the Children's Museum of Manhattan.
Even when Ms. Gearon's children are clothed, their experience lies somewhere outside innocence: they encounter an old man in a bird mask, they contemplate a large dead animal on the road.
The New Brunswick school system pays the company $11,600 for each student attending the health science school, about 20 percent less than the $13,000 spent to educate students at the public high school, with the school district picking up the cost of select services, like food, utilities and transportation.
But low-wage workers are often unable to qualify for unemployment benefits, because eligibility is tied to previous earnings.
The state's private-sector job creation rate is now 1.8 percent, three times the national rate but down from 2.4 percent in September.
Theatergoers who kept moving during the dance were, in effect, choreographing their personal versions of it.
In other words, people just like Africans.
But like other American and Afghan leaders, Mr. Amin expressed concern that the military and political dimensions of the American operation in Afghanistan are out of sync.
Brent Barrett is ideal as the man of Annie's dreams (2:30).
Mr. Buitrago later dedicated himself to lobbying for soldiers and civilians wounded by land mines.
It is time to stop reviling the United Nations and get on with the work of adapting the institution to new tasks.
(While Justice Ginsburg's opinion drew considerable notice for its omission of the adverb ''respectfully'' from the closing ''I dissent,'' that was a choice, it was pointed out, that she frequently made for economy of style rather than to convey a particular level of anger.)
Daily 10-hour negotiating sessions are under way.
A half-century later Harry Burton photographed the excavation of Tutankhamen's tomb mixing Hollywood-style shots of Howard Carter uncovering Tut's mummy for the illustrated newspapers with documentary pictures made solely for the archives, which have an unintended modern beauty.
Revenue fell 16 percent, to $5.27 billion from $6.31 billion.
Tammaro said she had repeatedly spoken to Philadelphia city officials about creating a more private and secure environment for the dancers.
Approximate running times are in parentheses.
Governments from more than 150 countries met here to work out the provisions of a treaty that the World Health Organization is pushing to stem the rising death toll around the world from tobacco-related diseases.
Loving wife of Michael, devoted mother of Deborah and Steven Handler of Rye Brook, NY, Daniel Magidson and Stacey Magidson, both of New York City, sister of Barbara and Marvin Kushnick of Merrick, Long Island, Jeffrey and Linda Zissu and Sandra and Mark Rosenbaum of Short Hills, NJ, cherished daughter of Lillian Zissu of New Jersey, and the late Frederick Zissu, adoring grandmother of Samantha and Joshua Handler.
(Another Growler sits atop of the shifter, to match the one in the center of the steering wheel.)
To see as an entering graduate student another casting of this sculpture ensconced in the courtyard of Philosophy Hall created an immediate link between my two worlds that continues to be meaningful today, because I stayed in New York.
He recorded 20,000 crows, and a court ruled that the roosters had to go.
Thunderstorms caused a power failure at the Corel Center tonight, delaying the start of the game between the Devils and the Senators for nearly 90 minutes.
Mr. Greenberg said he had not spoken with executives of Prudential.
He did not get her name.
Two hundred desk clerks, bellmen, reservations operators, security guards and waiters were assembled in the Hudson ballroom when Schrager, dressed in black khakis, white T-shirt and Armani jacket, strode in.
The comments, by Stuart E. Schiffer, who is temporarily in charge of civil litigation at the Justice Department, came after Attorney General John Ashcroft told lawmakers in June that he had named a team of lawyers to explore a settlement.
The fire was extinguished 30 minutes after it began.
She had to give up her own art early on -- Gustav compelled her to stop composing when they married -- and was therefore fated to be defined in terms of her unrealized potential.
''Children have to learn that the table is about celebration,'' he said.
Donations may be made with a credit card online, courtesy of the Qpass digital commerce service, at www.nytimes.com/neediest.
Other notable buildings that have been transformed into hotels in Philadelphia recently include a former bank and office tower designed by McKim, Meade & White, now a Ritz-Carlton, and the modernist landmark Philadelphia Savings Fund Society Building, which is now the Loews Philadelphia Hotel.
''Ten years ago, you needed a teaspoon of blood just to measure a child's exposure to lead,'' said Dr. Richard J. Jackson, the director of the National Center of Environmental Health, a complex of federal laboratories in Atlanta.
The music, speakers and readings are left to the family and friends.
What should we expect as a result of that?
Carthon is, in the parlance, a ''Parcells guy,'' just as Bill Belichick and Groh were, and he is terrifically popular with Jets players.
''So, if this record seems somewhat different than my other records, it's because I wasn't in the same old place as before.''
I based my efforts on the legal case I made, as well as on the support of the government of Israel, not on the false presumption that any personal or political relationship with President Clinton would result in a favorable outcome.
She finished at seven-over 291.
in Washington and Latin America in the 1970's and 1980's, Mr. Vasilenko repeatedly rebuffed the American entreaties, offering little more than office gossip.
A year and a half later, she made her major-orchestra debut with the Baltimore Symphony.
The Chairman of AMAX Iron Ore Co in New York, the Chairman of the Joint Companies Board for Development of Mt.
The Social Security Administration received 76 million calls on its toll-free telephone number last year, but one-third of callers got busy signals or hung up while waiting for assistance.
Soon after the war she married Mr. Dance, whom she originally met while working for Mills, and they began their 50-year collaboration on articles, histories and record productions.
She said hi, and introduced herself.
He was making his 25th consecutive start for the Bruins and was replaced by Peter Skudra.
''My wife and I have been living with them for a while now, but it's more fun when everybody gets a chance to see them.''
''I go out and play hard every day,'' he said.
A1 The United States unexpectedly dropped a patent complaint against Brazil in the World Trade Organization and agreed to settle a dispute widely seen as symbolic of the debate over who may manufacture and sell drugs to treat AIDS in poor countries.
's Web site notes that he is thought to be in Lebanon.
She commanded an amazing variety of skills -- marksmanship, judo, bread baking, automotive repair -- while I could barely type.
The development agency spent $65,000 in federal grant money to refurbish the space that the owner, Richard T. Mohring Jr., donated to La Fuerza, giving them a free five-year lease.
Because he is the spokesman for ELF, Mr. Rosebraugh's pale, bespectacled face is the only one attached to the movement, even though he says he is a supporter but not a member.
If I can give them reason to be motivated and somehow keep them that way, it will carry them a long way.''
Democrats also say the administration should dip into the Strategic Petroleum Reserve when oil and gas prices get too high as a way to dampen prices.
He also complained that the hasty metal replacement used the wrong alloy.
BERLER-Herman ''Hy'', on January 2, 2001.
When she goes to school and they say, 'Who's your role model?,' I want her to say: 'My mother.
Flowers Foods, the maker of Mrs. Smith's and Nature's Own baked goods, said yesterday that it would lose more than $1 a share for its current quarter and have a profit in each of the remaining quarters of 2001.
The South American Soccer Confederation (known as Conmebol) said in a statement that Monday's abduction of Mejia raised security concerns about holding the event in Colombia.
Parking for one car is $20 a month.
''I'm having an extremely hard time dealing with it,'' he said from his home in Kent last Sunday.
's director of security, are not unusual, but other steps are new.
Congo's new president, Joseph Kabila, came before the Security Council today and pledged to open an unreserved dialogue with his opponents at home in hope of ending the nation's long civil war.
''It's been 50, 60 years.
In 1991, Bonaparte got a state grant to replace First Street's tangle of crisscrossing electrical wires, to erect reproduction gas street lights and to replace the aging sidewalks.
''It takes time to learn, and Kurt has been helping me a lot,'' Gomez said.
The candidates embrace similar issues, particularly on the need to generate new spending for building new schools and the need to develop more park space throughout the district.
Phytochrome, a protein in the flower buds, is sensitive to the balance between red and blue light.
''For a company to commit so much to new work reflects on how you're supposed to see old work,'' he says.
A volunteer firefighter, Clarence Kretizer, 78, of Bowie, Md., who responded to the emergency call, collapsed and later died.
But investors are partly to blame for not wanting to live with what the earnings were telling them.
''It is always better to have figures because people expect the worst.
HOW TO HELP Checks payable to The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund should be sent to P.O.
''Even children know it's a quiet place, a place of contemplation and transformation,'' she said.
Bond said he sold the documents at Mr. Brennan's urging later that year and invested the proceeds in the stock market, realizing a $20 million profit for Mr. Brennan by mid-1997.
But he offers something of a grand political narrative of his own.
Apart from his performing as the rapper Puffy, or Puff Daddy, Mr. Combs is perhaps best known as the creator of the record label Bad Boy, which he started in his mother's home in Westchester in 1993.
Nevertheless, restoring trust in the court's impartial decision-making remains vital for justices embarking on a new season of tough calls.
All I know is we're doing pretty well and I'm getting a chance to see the world.''
Filling the new opening at the top promised to be a quarrelsome affair for the deeply divided party.
Also on board was the Peruvian officer, whose job was to direct Peru's military interceptors to suspicious planes.
Under the compromise, authorities could detain terrorism suspects for a maximum of seven days, after which they would have to be released or charged with a crime.
Normally, up to half the air cargo crossing the Pacific flies on planes shared with passengers rather than on all-cargo jet freighters.
Mr. Sasson did not return telephone messages today.
''This is not rocket science,'' he said.
The Connecticut Supreme Court, granting Yale's appeal, voided the verdict last spring and ordered a retrial, which is pending.
Beneath the prominent brow and deep-set eyes is a long nose, in a shape we used to call Roman because there is no indentation at the bridge.
Yet for one remarkable moment this week they were on the same wavelength, and it was something to see.
Fortunately, ''the picture is saved from mediocrity by Mr. Raimi's smooth competence and by the unusually high quality of the actors'' (A. O. Scott).
The beauty part ranges from a few gracious views that acknowledge 19th-century landscape painting to the more surprising, aggressive close-ups.
We used to believe, my mother and I, that she retold the story for almost 50 years because she never got over the fear of what she would find when she arrived at her destination.
Lyndon Harris, pastor of St. Paul's Chapel, the Episcopal church a block from the trade center and now a major source of repose and relief for the rescue workers.
Like openly gay men and women writing television comedy, the Jewish pioneers -- Sid Caesar, Milton Berle, Jack Benny, Mel Brooks, Carl Reiner -- wrote from their experience as outsiders, framing their humor in situations that were somehow still ''Jewish'' beneath the surface yet easily identifiable to mainstream America.
Until last Thursday, the Justice Department and most of the 18 states involved in the latest round of litigation had concluded that a consent decree limiting Microsoft's conduct would never be enough to restore competition to the software market.
As he perceptively observed: ''Sam is a puritan with no interest in petty things.
Ever since the 1990 census missed more than eight million people, mostly minority members, renters and urban dwellers, Democrats have pressed for some way to account for those most often overlooked.
The rain begins to arrive in large drops.
They sent a strongly worded letter to County Executive Thomas S. Gulotta today asking him to terminate Mr. Walsh's contract.
A verdict is expected on Jan. 25.
Ms. Matsui noted that although companies must currently cancel any shares they repurchase, they still reap considerable benefits from buybacks under the current rules.
He had a haunted and furtive look and didn't have much time to chat, on account of how busy he was preparing for his speech, drinking industrial quantities of Champagne and pivoting anxiously toward the door to see if anyone better had arrived.
Mr. Rodriguez, a seven-year veteran of L.I.E.
Thomas A. Coughlin, a former state trooper who modernized New York State's mental retardation and prison systems, died on Thursday at a hospital in Syracuse.
With his turban and camouflage jacket, his ornate Arabic and harsh vows of continued terror against America, Osama bin Laden revealed in his speech the instinctive cunning that has made him such a formidable foe.
''Coupling it with radiant floors is a marriage made in heaven.''
Clarke's other destinations include Espíritu Santo, where he tracks down some of the people and places in James Michener's ''Tales of the South Pacific,'' and a little island off the coast of Honduras where a local eccentric makes a momentarily convincing argument that it is the ''real'' home of Robinson Crusoe.
When I heard Andrew's name, my body began to shake.
''If worse comes to worse, I'm just calling to say goodbye to all of you,'' Ms. Layeni-Yee said.
How many months can I go, and pay the rent?''
Since it arrived in Camden, almost 1,000 volunteers have logged a total of 90,000 hours helping restore the battleship.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has retorted that, no, there is simply not enough flu vaccine available right now for everyone in the country to do that.
''Miller's team has been formed, but the question is will it be able to impose the will of the government, and what is that will?''
''Excluding the charge,'' Mr. Dreyer said, ''we do not believe this will alter our previously established growth targets.''
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani became ''el Pinochet de la alcaldía,'' or ''the Pinochet of City Hall.''
INTERNATIONAL A3-12 Russian General Admits Army's Abuse of Chechens The commander of Russian military forces in Chechnya, Lt. Gen. Vladimir Moltenskoi, said his troops had committed ''widespread crimes'' in two days of terror inflicted on 1,500 civilians after mine blasts killed Russian soldiers nearby.
The proof is in the pudding.''
''They are prepared to pounce if called upon,'' said one senior American officer.
Gap Inc., coming off one of the first big layoffs in its history, reported today that its earnings fell 52 percent in the second quarter.
The anonymous author of the letter must be found, the source of his rebellious sentiments tracked down.
Although the archive includes some ''bang-bang footage,'' Mr. Edwards said, mostly there are hours upon hours of ordinary life in a war zone: fishing, schooling, game playing, planting, herding, buying and selling and praying.
''This clock is one of the earliest extant spring-driven timepieces,'' Mr. Andrewes wrote.
Each case is reviewed individually, and the Pulitzer Foundation was routinely granted its tax exemption as a private operating foundation.
Mr. Schultz said that for all brands, Choice dropped franchises for 170 operators last year and 200 in 1999.
The chat will take place at a Web page devoted to forensic science and crime.
Dash put Mr. Morgano on a strong dose of antibiotics and, after checking a reference book, asked Mr. Morgano a line of questions fearing he was facing a condition he had never before seen.
Drama and organization -- that was Turner.
Roche's product, Pegasys, was approved for marketing in Switzerland last week, but is still awaiting marketing approval from the Food and Drug Administration.
''It is really remarkable to see these animals walking and even drinking with no blood at all,'' Mr. Segall said.
January 20, 1918-February 22, 2001.
The agency said it had asked the makers of creams and suppositories containing miconazole to include a warning on the products' packaging about the possible interaction.
It uses scientific jargon to cast a veil of plausibility over an end-of-the-world scenario that seems preordained for an upcoming Indiana Jones sequel.
In a hilariously familiar moment, the staid business-manager character bursts from his calm shell, swearing at a teammate who plays badly.
Zeppelin died in 1917, and a young airship pilot, Hugo Eckener, took over the Zeppelin Company after the war.
There was a time when Mr. Serkin might have been the pianist playing Schoenberg at the Miller Theater.
But its existence, if only in draft form, has given the Liberian government a look at what lies ahead unless progress is made toward halting the trafficking in diamonds and arms.
Couples were hand-in-hand and cheek-to-cheek before ''Tango d'Amour'' even began to play.
The story closely follows the Oates novel.
Yet the models who paraded and posed in these dances were in circumstances that perpetually required them to show off.
And the principal market has shifted from bars to convenience stores, where they are bought mainly by teenage boys and young men.
Eventually the state came to the rescue.
Toward the end of the Clinton presidency, Mr. Geithner worked closely with Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers to shape recommendations for I.M.F.
She said jurors never considered lesser charges and concluded that the killing was neither premeditated, as the prosecutor insisted, nor an accident, as the defense claimed.
The delegation, which is to include Mayor Willie L. Brown Jr. of San Francisco, will express concerns about the business practices of companies like Enron, Reliant Energy and Mirant during California's energy crisis and how those practices will affect the long-term performance of their stocks, according to Philip Angelides, the state's treasurer and a Calpers board member.
SHANDON ANDERSON, who left the Jazz as a free agent, playing with Houston for two seasons before joining the Knicks, expects raucous boos on his return to the Delta Center.
These days, trail makers would probably build a bridge across the gorge.
The public's penchant for holding high credit card debt -- more than $6,000 per household with a credit card -- at interest rates near 15 percent a year is also consistent with high discount rates, as are low savings rates.
No fax machines in the rooms.
Some, hired from Props for Today, a rental company, goes back to its Midtown warehouse, which is having a giant garage sale today, Saturday and Sunday.
The Board, Staff and affiliated communities of the Jewish Reconstructionist Federation, express profound sorrow at the passing of our mentor, movement-builder and friend.
Even in a slowing economy, design as theater has its place.
The Mithaiwalas were delinquent on the final installment, $105,000, of their five-year contract with the Parks Department, Mr. Stern said, and so the department shut the newsstand in December.
Walking on the street, he had a handkerchief covering his nose and mouth.
Clijsters ignored the difference in their experience, their ranking and their number of appearances on center court.
Several students said that Mr. Allan was of Jamaican descent and Mr. Tafe was a black North American, and that relations between the two groups were strained.
Even Wells said it would take something drastic for the White Sox to do that.
But that is what is happening, as several members of the Black and Hispanic Caucuses raise objections to campaign legislation that many supported in the past.
Kenneth E. Raske, president of the Greater New York Hospital Association, said: ''There's absolutely no doubt that we will seek more money from Congress this year.
And, in addition to its usual voluminous coverage of the war, the History Channel is offering ''Hitler's Holocaust,'' a six-hour German mini-series, which begins June 18.
For even with domestic PC sales down 24 percent in December from a year earlier -- and even as Microsoft is warning that its own revenue is likely to falter as a consequence -- consumer electronics is increasingly seen as the next big thing.
When the neighborhood police committee called to tell the family to lose the dog, the father began defending his German shepherd.
But the experience of the Bellagio gallery, where the Phillips Collection netted $1 million with a six-month exhibition, and other indicators suggest that they could draw thousands of visitors a day.
It was for Hugo Boss ''Deep Red'' perfume.
Mr. Bush called Mr. de la Rúa on Wednesday, and in a 10-minute conversation they exchanged views on Argentina's financial situation, an administration spokeswoman, Mary Ellen Countryman, said.
He was a veritable labor-saving device in a striped uniform.
The Social Security Advisory Board, a bipartisan panel of seven experts, sounds the alarm in two reports to be issued this month.
Heidi: And I said, ''If you really want to keep in touch, I want to talk to you every day.''
Here, in a Mozart program, Mr. Cooper leads a chamber orchestra in the Flute Concerto in D (K. 314), with Ms. Robison as soloist.
''This is unfortunately a step backwards,'' one senior academic said.
Offended by Mr. Bauer's anti-gay rhetoric, Mr. Savage tried -- unsuccessfully -- to infect the candidate with his flu by licking doorknobs, pens and coffee cups in his office.
Oleg Kvasha scored on a fierce wrist shot, then Brad Isbister banged in a rebound two and a half minutes later, and suddenly, what had been disintegrating into a rare lopsided loss for the Islanders somehow became salvageable.
She was employed by the New York Hilton and worked for many years in professional theater.
While Boeing is certain to survive, its executives are all too aware of what can happen to a company once it is dropped from a major military project.
Gone from our sight but never from our hearts, may he rest with all the souls in Zion.
''It took up to one and a half minutes to clear each floor, longer at the lower levels,'' said Mr. Iyer, an engineer with the Port Authority.
Dear father of Anne Thompson & her husband James.
I looked at both of them.
growth will struggle to remain in positive territory.''
These resolutions may be justified in principle, but there is simply no way India will accept them.
All right, then: What is her best subject?
But on Moving.com, I found a couple of tools that made me wonder whether I should have moved in the first place.
In Cape Town officials opened a new building this month that will house exhibits and films about Robben Island, where Mr. Mandela and other opponents of apartheid were imprisoned.
The exhibition space is a long rectangular box faced with utilitarian red brick, invisible from the front except for a symbolic frame of red brick around the riding hall door.
Trash has given us an appetite for art.''
In Sanlúcar de Barrameda, however, the flor is thick and fluffy throughout the year, minimizing oxidation and giving the wine a fresher tang, often described as salty.
Pierre and Louis Pellier, brothers who went to California for the Gold Rush, started a nursery business near San Jose in 1856 with plum cuttings they brought from France.
''You obviously question it when you come out of the game.
''The problem is that the people we talk to are already convinced of that.
There are 24 Defense Department entities, each of which is assigned ''a series of two-letter alphabetic sequences,'' Colonel Sieminski explains.
His prison is his own virtuosity.
In 1982, he came to New York to get his Ph.D. in clinical psychology at Columbia University, and in 1986, while finishing his dissertation, he went to work as a psychologist with the New York City Police Department.
The announcement today is an effort to shrink that pool.
(She lives alone, but her sister has an apartment in the same building.)
Moreover, Dr. Lanphear said in an interview, ridding the home of some of them was easier said than done.
OUTBACK EXCURSIONS Contiki has one-week Gold'n Outback tours starting at $509 a person, based on two people to a tent, land only.
MAJOR ADDITIONS -- Sergi Daniv, Matt Chulis, Henry Ring, Justin Evans, Jim Curtin.
City Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi says that the salary gap between city and suburban schools should be closed, while Mark Green, the public advocate, allows only that the gap should be reduced.
(Last week, that couple filed suit against both Fox and the producers, charging that they had not hidden the fact they had a child and were embarrassed on the show by being dismissed from the contest.)
Do they covet constant Met-Yankee-Knick-Jet-Giant talk or a more balanced diet of national chat?
You tighten up all of your costs and eliminate all the frills.
Below are emergency numbers, help lines, Web sites and addresses as well as information on events, closings, transportation and utilities.
''I saw a big, thick book with pages turning and I saw these drawings on these pages,'' she said.
She will do the same this fall while trying to fight the homesickness.
It would have allowed self-employed people to take a tax deduction for the full cost of any health insurance they bought for themselves and their families, starting in January 2002.
The swiftness and accuracy of that attack illustrated a new kind of American air power, where high-technology precision weapons, guided by aircraft and ground commandos, enabled a ragtag opposition to rout the Taliban army.
She said some people had even broken into tears during a walk.
So the Justice Department will rely instead on court-ordered sanctions on Microsoft's corporate behavior to increase competition in the software business.
He was taken off life support late Thursday night at Wellstar Kennestone Hospital, Nation of Islam officials said Friday.
Rebuilding the business with his four sons and his wife, Rose, he re-emerged in the late 1990's as chairman of Booth Creek Management Corporation, a privately held group that owns a major meatpacking company, a marine transportation company and Booth Creek Ski Holdings, Inc., the fourth-largest ski company in the United States.
''In some countries where there was hardly any H.I.V.
Oprah Winfrey Young Women's Leadership School in Manhattan I was poor .
I say to myself, 'Well, if you were a bad person or whatever, you wouldn't be doing these things.'
The company's chairman, Glenn F. Tilton, said, ''Propelled by strong worldwide crude oil and U.S. natural gas prices, our upstream results were their highest ever.''
The Cardinals had been 7-0 against the Pirates this season, outscoring them by 55-14, and 5-0 against Pittsburgh at Busch Stadium.
This legacy will guide us for years to come and she will remain in our hearts forever.
''I fear for 20 years from now, when we're asking these kids to run a society, and we haven't given them the chance to screw up.''
They know they are close to power and can at any moment launch one more coup d'état.''
Besides bringing in about $200 billion for local and state governments, sales and use taxes impose a monthly clerical burden on the businesses filing them and on the governments collecting them.
He said the plan to route more trucks into the area for fish deliveries would only increase the danger.
''The short-term blip in Latin America,'' said Mr. Johnstone, the Davenport analyst, ''is something that comes along with gaining a foothold in emerging markets.''
WITH: Alice M. Vienneau (Megan Grant), Alexander Bonnin (Michael and Young Joseph), Barbara Tirrell (Anne and Mary), Cynthia Sophiea (Miss Cleaver Smith) and Jim Jacobson (Thomas and Adult Joseph).
The United States has been air-dropping an average of 35,000 meals a day into Afghanistan, but six million people there need food aid.
The more elaborate moves are as entertaining as any found in a Jackie Chan movie.
''We expect to have more and more positive results come out,'' Richard French, a pathobiologist at UConn, said.
We extend our deepest sympathy to his family.
I said in a column that we were doing the war right and the law wrong.
's rivals are struggling, Mr. Joyce added, but I.B.M.
To some travelers, Machu Picchu has lost its mystery and allure since the Peruvian government has done little to slow the stampede to the formerly lost city.
Such questions are at the core of the debate over the planned $100 million World War II Memorial on the Mall in Washington, which, as presently envisioned, is an aesthetic disaster, a prime example of bureaucratic high kitsch style not implausibly described as watered-down Albert Speer by a few critics.
Michael Finley added 21 points for the Mavericks, who recorded their team-record 25th victory away from home.
I haven't been a big fan of bicycles as an adult.
Earlier this month, Illinois legislators approved new restrictions on predatory loans.
Richard Serra's ''Torqued Spirals, Toruses and Spheres'' is at Gagosian Gallery, 555 West 24th Street, Chelsea, (212) 741-1111, through Dec. 15.
As ''The Sopranos'' ended its third season this spring, accompanied by a torrent of attention, David Chase, the show's creator and executive producer, was far away, secluded in France on vacation, unaware, he says, of the intensity of passion that attended the final episodes.
Route 10 West and Whippany Road, Whippany.
The changes come as many analysts, among them moderates both here and in the United States, argue that the army should be fortified to strengthen the government's hand in peace talks with the rebels.
It was into these crowds that the People's Liberation Army opened fire in the early hours of June 4, killing hundreds or even thousands of civilians.
That is the only significant quarterly decline since early 1991, when the last recession ended, and the first drop other than a one-quarter downward blip of 0.1 percent in the spring of 1993.
The United States, in turn, has refrained from pressuring Pervez Musharraf, Pakistan's president, on this issue, because he has already put his government at risk by helping the military campaign.
The appraised value of the property is $7.5 million, which can be counted as matching funds toward the state grant.
But he said that on March 20 the state had reclassified the home as a group residence that could take as many as 13 children.
''To get booed, it's a hard thing, especially in your own stadium,'' Notre Dame guard Kurt Vollers said.
And they questioned him about Microsoft's contracts with computer makers that required them to exclusively install the browser to the detriment of Netscape Navigator.
In the 1890's, when the United States Supreme Court permitted rigid segregation laws, Solano County, which includes Vallejo, voted to integrate its schools.
When Sinn Fein signed the 1998 agreement establishing Northern Ireland's peace process, it signaled in spirit, if not strictly in letter, that it would do so.
I called home to check my voice mail for messages.
''They condemned me for denouncing a general and, by extension, for offending the generalship,'' he said.
He certainly dithered over Boston.
Early this week, in the midst of stalemated talks with China over the release of 24 Americans detained on Hainan island, the commander of United States forces in the Pacific recommended dispatching the aircraft carrier Kitty Hawk up the coast of China, to send Beijing's leaders a message of American resolve.
It was late last season and the score shocked: Tampa Bay 38, St. Louis 35.
We were all New Yorkers'' angry about the train delays.
Here on Bragg Boulevard, the anticipation has ended.
Australia had 74 and the United States 73.
The program, to be presented next Saturday at 8 p.m. in Bridgeport's Jewish Center for Community Services, lists sonatas of Beethoven and Debussy, plus songs and a new work, ''Memory,'' by the Israeli composer Oded Zehavi, who will give a pre-concert talk at 7 p.m. Tickets: (203) 372-6567.
Architecture, landscaping, interiors, furniture, textiles, apparel, posters, tableware, wallpaper, ceramics, lighting, jewelry, floor coverings, silverware, doors for cars, costumes and industrial products are represented in this bountiful show, which shoehorns some 220 objects into three floors of tight gallery space.
Suddenly, he is doing that silly dance with his teammate Cris Carter.
Here, two hand puppets take turns killing each other and escaping from a coffin before it's revealed that the two hands controlling them belong to a single puppeteer.
Giant hitters could not have been much troubled, at least initially, by the pressure of a tight race.
WOMEN'S History Month is normally associated with icons of the women's rights movement like Susan B. Anthony and Betty Friedan.
Aleksandr Khalifman, who held the World Chess Federation championship for a year, showed that the great stars were not missed.
Ryan Humphrey had 18 points and 11 rebounds and Matt Carroll had 14 points for Notre Dame, which could not control Griffin when the game was on the line.
''When I first got here, nobody knew where the metal went'' after it left the plant, said Verdell Hannah, a crew leader in the cast shop.
The potential of eternal punishment rather than bliss would encourage at least some life-saving defections from the ranks of radicals seeking to take over Islam and destroy all other religions.
D1 Religion Journal Online dating services tailored to religious singles are catching on.
''At 11 p.m., Monica's best friend's mom called the New York City morgue and the worst part of my life started.''
''Thelma, I am very happy being governor of this state,'' Mr. Pataki said.
For Geneviève, at least at first, the house of the widowed Madame Patin is a complete universe of such ordinary happiness; here joy may at last flood into her barren soul.
It also provides 150 electives in the sciences, robotics, technology, history and other subjects.
''In what way do I become human again?''
Ebola is one of the most virulent viral diseases, causing death in 50 to 90 percent of all clinically diagnosed cases.
If we can't take care of ourselves or, worse, our families, how are we going to stay in the job?
Eric Idle conceives, writes and introduces the story of the prefab four, who preceded the Beatles to fame in the 60's.
The administration's position on the 1972 Antiballistic Missile Treaty, which sets strict limits on the testing and deployment of antimissile systems, has been communicated privately to NATO allies.
A Saudi captured in Afghanistan was identified as an official with the Wafa Humanitarian Organization, a Saudi-based Islamic charitable organization suspected of funneling money to the terrorist network.
We don't seem to have a vocabulary for it, the juggling act of national self-image, in no small part because within each citizen -- left, right or center, Yankee stock or new arrival -- there is a sense of the magic gift that is America.
Manager Bobby Valentine met with Perez before batting practice.
He was the one who insisted that a picture of a deformed baby be on every package, that patients be obliged to watch a tape of a victim speaking and that the name never be changed or disguised with a euphemism.
As a senior, Heupel finished second in the Heisman Trophy balloting.
After Mrs. Roosevelt's death, the property was occupied for a time by her family, then sold and rented out.
Dynegy's chairman, Chuck Watson, said his company had been working to salvage the merger until about a week ago, when it became clear that a deal was impossible because of Enron's shrinking liquidity, its huge debt load and its deteriorating trading business.
''Everybody seems to be concerned about Trent falling off the face of the earth, but no one can predict the future.
''If they kidnapped him for money, they would have called me right away.
Though the change would have benefited minority communities that tended to be undercounted by the census, the White House blocked it.
Captain Peters said he did not recall Sergeant Turetzky expressing doubt, but recalled him saying that Mr. Schwarz and Mr. Wiese had similar hairstyles.
Spread spice mix across a large plate, and set aside.
Venting Gas Dryer Through a Wall Q We live on the third floor of a six-story loft building that is being brought up to code.
As Mr. Reilly reflects, ''Can you imagine what it felt like to be called odd in a family like that?''
At its heart, reliability technology predicts failures.
Our large first-floor room, overlooking a brick courtyard with a fountain and small pool, was understated and elegant -- simple floral curtains and bedspread, a gleaming hardwood floor, a marble bathroom, and the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in.
The negatives were photographed with a digital camera and transformed into positive images in a laptop computer.
Will Frank, an unrecovering alcoholic who stashes away over-the-counter cough syrup (22 percent alcohol ) get it together or a triumphant comeback -- in the nick of time during a touch-and-go Broadway opening night after a disastrous Boston tryout?
He has all but rejected an international peacekeeping force, saying it should be limited to no more than 200 troops, and he has insisted that further discussions should be held here -- all moves seen as being aimed at helping him keep his hold on power.
''Here's what you do,'' she said, demonstrating.
He graduated from New York University in 1947 and from Brooklyn Law School in 1951.
Chrebet will not quantify how the balance between receiving and blocking has tipped, but as he put it, if his role were the same as always, he would be involved on all downs, not just first downs.
Some officials said, however, that the miscommunications may not have affected the public health response.
He has his own definition: ''wonky wacked-out natural surfaces, raw, ancient, the rough edges of the planks of woods, the irregular shapes of the stones in the garden'' -- and so, the exposed bricks and beams.
Izaak Van Melle, the grandfather of the company's current chief executive who bears his name, began making Mentos from his bakery a century ago.
He added, ''We've gotten no complaints.''
I can't wait to get back to a smaller city.''
: I mean, it has been my obsession.
''Unfortunately, what will happen tomorrow?''
Now it's more like a yacht's kitchen than a restaurant kitchen, just deep enough for the refrigerators to open -- and just big enough to squeeze in two more cooks.
Georgia Tech also has victories over Kentucky and U.C.L.A., but the senior center Alvin Jones played down all the postseason talk.
San Francisco officials said the mood in the city was just fine.
I feel this is probably the greatest professional obligation I've ever had, to stay in the mix here in all the roles that I have, professionally and personally.
He also served on the Bechtel Board of Senior Counselors.
''It's something we've wanted for 32 years,'' Officer Schaad's brother, Barry Schaad, told reporters.
A Memorial Service will be held at 11:00 AM on Sunday, October 28, 2001 at Ferncliff Cemetery, 280 Secor Rd., Hartsdale, NY.
Ah, but that one missed free throw in regulation.
He expects the numbers to rise after the group moves to White Plains next month and begins attracting coaches active in the eastern part of the county.
The long-lasting thiol acetates cause the persistent odors and may start working again, especially if the pet gets wet.
But given the plentiful supply and the various ways to buy, Mr. Kurilko said, ''I think this is going to be a great year for used cars.''
A frontal assault on race statistics could also provoke the opposite reaction, reinforcing the very demographic categories that racial privacy advocates believe already hold too much sway over American life.
This signal is transmitted to a computer, where it merges with signals streaming from other CosTunes.
But they exploited Kansas City when they had the chance, outscoring the Royals by 46-19.
Two long shapely legs and a pretty ballerina's head emerge from the tulle.
When they are prim and proper, they wear high-necked nightgowns that suggest little gothic fortresses.
Rundell leaps up to the blackboard and starts scribbling notes, assessing, first, the progress that has been made; the church is vibrant, the education up to sixth grade is strong.
But sometimes it is love, not loneliness, that narrows the gap between the living and the dead.
Depending on what happened sometime near dawn in the smoke-hazed halls of the Maritim Hotel, they would hand out what they viewed as news of a landmark environmental achievement or a disaster.
Schilling was two outs away from giving the Diamondbacks their first consecutive complete games in team history.
The Bristol-Myers Squibb Company and the Gillette Company have just introduced eflornithine in a facial cream, Vaniqa, and Bristol-Myers is close to an agreement with the World Health Organization and the medical charity Doctors Without Borders for the companies to make an injectable form to treat human African trypanosomiasis, better known as sleeping sickness.
An aspiring composer, she made her version of ''An Echo a Stain'' only as a way to help find her own sound.
''The big sky, the sound of the wind, this is where the world ends,'' Mariantonietta Colimberti shouted over a breeze whipping a vast treeless plain as her partner, Mario Trapletti, read a tourism sign on Canada's only road to cross the Arctic Circle, the Dempster Highway.
Joseph P. Viteritti, a New York University professor who studies school governance, said that state education law never intended to allow borough presidents to serve on the Board of Education.
Network programmers still emphasize that scripted comedies and dramas provide the backbone of television entertainment, but they have noticed the ardent support young viewers have given to virtually every reality series networks have tried so far.
America Online, the world's largest Internet service provider, plans to offer the new standard.
''Despite the fact that there is sufficient evidence to bring the impeachment process forward, we have abrogated our duty to do so,'' he said.
I do keep up with his activities because he's often on the front pages of the newspaper for some problem or other.''
The country is split among several ethnicities and languages.
But most of them are simple questions.
American Craft Museum 40 West 53rd Street, Manhattan Through March 16 Malleable as it is, clay should lend itself readily to art as social criticism.
News about its substantive agenda has been completely drowned out by the righteous bellowing of the opposition.
Billy Wagner pitched the final inning for his 26th save.
Trying to start the season by winning three straight games for the second time in franchise history, the Nets played selfishly and sluggishly, committing 12 of their 20 turnovers in the first half and falling behind in the first quarter by 13 points.
Dixon came in averaging 24.2 points in the conference and had scored at least 19 points in 11 straight games.
BMW's sales are up about 9 percent in 2001 through October; sales in the United States have climbed nearly 17 percent.
122 in New York, where it received favorable reviews before transferring to Broadway.
He also earned a MA in English Literature from Montclair University in 1978, and an Associates Degree in computer programming from Bergen Community College in 1980.
AVERY DULLES celebrated his first Mass after being ordained, the altar server was THEODORE E. McCARRICK.
He had a stunning block on Antonio Davis three minutes into the game, but he could not sustain any energy.
For general information, contact the National Tourist Board of Greenland, Post Office Box 1615, DK-3900 Nuuk, Greenland; (299) 34 28 20, fax (299) 32 28 77.
The reports issued yesterday suggested that even if the worst might soon be over, the economy would probably not return to the 4 percent annual growth rates of the late 1990's anytime soon.
With the economy slowing, even the Federal Reserve says it is economizing.
But last week, Mr. Bloomberg said that he would impose a citywide hiring freeze that would apply to teachers along with all other city workers.
That dessert mix-up brings us to service, which is a bit rough.
''That could be several hundred thousand dollars on our part,'' Ms. Sheldon said, ''and that may be too much.
''You would think people would have learned from Florida,'' he said, ''but in fact if you don't get out there and vote, when you lose by 43 votes you realize how important every vote is.''
''I think the police are afraid to run around here.''
''Traditional lending institutions continue to fail to adequately serve low- and moderate-income communities of all races,'' but particularly blacks and Hispanics, said the report, from the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now, known as Acorn.
It has become an integral part of the recovery effort, moving 8 to 10 tractor-trailer loads of food each day to feed workers at ground zero.
Mr. Istook said that the cost of Carnegie Hall Tower was more than the annual rent of all other offices of former presidents combined.
Ms. Moffett's First Year Faced with a serious teacher shortage, New York City has been recruiting people from other careers and, after just a short ''boot camp,'' assigning them to some of the most troubled schools.
So by portraying him from the outset on Christmas Eve at the Royal Exchange in London as the flintiest and most mean-spirited of money-grubbers, who informs a desperate little girl with a dying mother and a debt-crushed father, ''You'll soon learn, child, that Christmas is humbug,'' he effectively sharpens the contrast between Scrooge and the decent people around him.
LEONID LISHCHYNA Toronto, Jan. 30, 2001
Reposing at the Convent of Mary the Queen, 35 Vark Street, Yonkers, NY on Thursday from 1 to 8 P.M. Mass of Christian Burial Friday 9:30 A.M. at the convent with interment following at St. Joseph's Cemetery, Yonkers, NY.
No Bush Ruling on Airline Strikes Lawrence B. Lindsey, the director of the National Economic Council and a top economic adviser to President Bush, said that the president's decision to prevent mechanics at Northwest Airlines from going on strike did not necessarily mean that the Bush administration would intervene to head off potential strikes at three other major airlines.
So far, the use of voice recognition by dyslexics is very limited.
That official said Mr. Bush's Iraq policy was focused on three elements: carry out a ''smart sanctions'' regime to address concerns for the people of Iraq while stanching the flow of dangerous technology to Baghdad; ''looking at how we might use military power more effectively''; '' and ''looking at options involving opposition.''
In the following reports, the ''listed at'' price is the asking price when negotiations began that ended in the sale.
If ''State of Grace'' could recapture the depth of that scene, which comes at the end of the first episode, we'd all have something to look forward to.
She herself is buried next door, in the round church close at hand, Santa Costanza, and both edifices are richly ornamented with marbles and mosaics born in the very first excitement of Christian iconographic experiment: newly dead heroes of the faith -- the martyrs -- on the walls of Sant'Agnese, spiraling vines and cherubim in Santa Costanza.
Pat Summerall opened Fox's broadcast of the Rams-49ers game by saying: ''We keep singing 'God Bless America.'
company in Wilsonville, Ore. ''In a semiconductor recession, we might grow slightly less, but we don't have negative growth.''
The cat, still around, has to be 50.
What I saw before me now was a teenager in a Buick convertible driving along the Pacific Coast Highway with a woman trying to protect her blowing hair and another adolescent who had his arms around the family spaniel to make sure it would not jump from the car.
Yes, let's encourage other writers to make deals with companies for ''placement.''
While the team would not reveal what Bourque, 40, planned to announce, The Denver Post reported that Bourque would retire, primarily for family reasons.
And that does not include countless other oversized billboards, bus shelter ads, street banners and, increasingly, building-size ads like the one pitching skin cream.
Liquid is poured from this, just as the artist pours glass.
The $250 million project would probably be completed in the spring of 2004, said Jim Steets, an Entergy spokesman.
''Women panicked and in a severe state of distress, children crying.
TO speak about Russia, it has been said, is to discuss the future of the world.
Mr. Weinstein wanted to get to the livelier scene, a few miles away on Eighth Avenue in Sunset Park, where a large Cantonese population has settled.
The Jets have made 17 interceptions and the defense has recovered 16 fumbles.
Douglas McCormick, the chief executive of iVillage, attributed the turnaround to the company's attempt to diversify itself into new forms of advertising and new business lines altogether.
It has a 650-megahertz Intel Celeron processor, 64 megabytes of RAM, a 20-gigabyte hard drive and a display that is 12.1, 14.1 or 15 inches.
Finally, Mr. Stewart said, the company is installing a so-called enterprise resource management software system from SAP; purchasing managers will also use that system to buy goods.
They have a single-car attached garage and two spaces on the paved driveway.
Even though she is described as the most committed pacifist in Congress, Representative Barbara Lee of California said that the day may come soon when she will support a war against the terrorists who struck New York and Washington and any nation that supported them.
But other companies said they could produce extra supplies if the government asked them.
Just leave it alone and let it heal, / said his mother / rhinestoning past on her way to the door.
Sharing a Re-enactment That same evening in Havana, KEVIN COSTNER showed PRESIDENT FIDEL CASTRO his cinema version of the Cuban missile crisis, ''Thirteen Days,'' and talked -- and talked -- about Mr. Castro's real-life role.
That night she lay in one of the bedrooms shouting dark and horrible things.
Mr. Fox's experience with independent women goes back a long way.
Offensive tackle Orlando Pace said: ''He tried to be cool so he wouldn't show his nerves.
An arena manager says Bob Knight, the Texas Tech coach, cursed him and offered to fight when he confronted Knight over remarks he made about the building's locker rooms.
At one time or another they owned or shared ownership in a dozen famous chateaus.
''To remove a vat and stick it on a museum shelf does not for me hold as much resonance looking at it in its context,'' said Dennis Holzman, an antiques dealer who brought his 12-year-old daughter, Martha, to see the distillery on Saturday and left angry that all she could see were backhoes and bulldozers.
A local Mets e-mail cell has been crackling with missives from Greg Prince, known as the Bard of the Yard, whose post-Series effort was an Onion-like news story in which a somewhat cranky God wondered why Paul O'Neill had to break so many sporting goods and why Joe Torre's sister, the nun, didn't pray for more important things than baseball games.
The couple's 10-year-old son, Shelby, will fly up for weekends from Nashville, where Ms. McEntire and Mr. Blackstock own a production conglomerate, Starstruck Entertainment, housed in the glitziest digs on Music Row.
A just-completed study of the five years ended in December 1997 reached a broadly similar conclusion.
But he pointed out that two-thirds of the cost of federally backed demonstration projects had been borne by industry and the states, and he said the investment had helped coal-burning power plants to cut their emissions since 1970 even as the use of coal to generate electricity had tripled.
They range from Salamina, the revered nanny given to enormous gestures and bellowing laughter and pained cries that emanate from the diaphragm, to Elizabeth's liberal-minded parents -- her father, Isaac, is an overworked doctor, her mother, Eugenie, a brave and beleaguered homemaker -- to other black servants, bigoted neighbors and Salamina's daughter, Moliseng, whose birth Elizabeth witnesses and who becomes both a sister and a casualty of apartheid.
Since the devastating floods of 1993, the federal and state governments have spent hundreds of millions of dollars to buy and demolish nearly 13,000 homes and businesses along the Mississippi and its tributaries, essentially conceding that battling the waters was a losing fight.
The threat of a showdown with Hewitt in Wednesday's quarterfinal had been taken care of, and the ominous vision of Sampras in a potential final had been eliminated.
This kind of readership exists in almost no other African country, where newspapers are often dismissed as propaganda from government or the opposition.
At least 38 coal miners were killed by an explosion on Sunday at an illegal mine in Jiangsu province and dozens were missing, state news media reported.
Jürgen Litfin was a locksmith and window-glazer, also 21.
''It's off the beaten path,'' said Philip M. Alden, a retired management consultant who bought his lake cottage as a ''newcomer'' in 1978.
These works survive as intriguing, often poignant evidence of the circumstances of ordinary lives, and of the need to make art.
You don't need to do that.
That's the way Mr. York, 41, was.
Mr. Libby and Mr. McGrath were the top aides to the bipartisan panel headed by Mr. Cox that concluded China stole secrets of the United States's most advanced nuclear warheads.
In 1974 and 1993, the city was a finalist for N.F.L.
''It's like, 'Oh, you work in 180!'
The materials showed that Mr. Bloomberg paid 39.56 percent of his income in taxes last year, essentially placing him in the highest bracket.
Whereas the Knicks' perimeter players, Allan Houston, Latrell Sprewell and Glen Rice, provided the majority of the offense with 70 points, Camby acknowledged that for Game 5, ''it's going to have to be a group effort.''
''He's called me as late as 10:30 at night,'' Mr. Card said.
The Raiders marched downfield and Sebastian Janikowksi kicked a 31-yard field goal with 1:07 left.
So just who contributes money to Mr. Gulotta?
From there, the Redskins nearly ran out the clock, driving 50 yards on 15 plays, capped by Conway's 32-yard field goal with 30 seconds left.
He said that there were no open seats behind the bench and that he did not want to take one of the coaches' seats.
Players Association, but I'm hard-pressed to find anyone he has spoken to there.
I start to sneeze, the humidity is thick, sweat beads drip on the small of my back.
Mayor Thomas M. Menino of Boston, for example, said that ''contradictory statements from Washington'' made it hard for people to know what to do.
His Muslim stories are sun-drenched, but never warm enough to allow us to respond in a similar fashion.
More important for the Americans was that Reyna played in the middle of the midfield, a role he plays for the national team.
Chrysler said its price cuts for 2002 models would average about 0.9 percent, or about $199.
''It was an incredible time,'' he said, looking bedraggled as he stood in a puddle.
Now, Wallace Miller runs the business, with his father helping out.
It is to run in the New York and Philadelphia television markets for a week, beginning today, at a cost of about $400,000.
Any idiot gets an E*Trade account and suddenly they think they're listening to the pros.''
It is not until Part 14, when the Endeavour runs aground on the Great Barrier Reef in uncharted waters far from any land, that the story reaches high drama.
Once in prison, Dr. Schlager signed up for correspondence courses at William Howard Taft University, a law school in Santa Ana, Calif.
The family's history in government extends more than 150 years.
I'm excited to reach some new ears with the work.
I'm going to build a rocket that has a propulsion that will give an acceleration of one G. When you hit the throttle on your car, you feel that acceleration against the back of the seat.
He has examined whether juries are a softer touch than judges in product liability cases (they're not), and why bankruptcy judges think they rule more quickly than they actually do (they suffer from self-serving bias -- just like everyone else).
I thought I was cuckoo until I met Charles.
Get thee glass eyes,'' King Lear says to Gloucester, ''and like a scurvy politician, seem to see the things thou dost not.''
Coconut panna cotta, covered with a slick of ice-wine gelee and tiny apple dice, has a perfect sweet-tart balance, and a surprise at the bottom of the dish, a firm layer of coconut- cardamom rice.
United Hockey League QUAD CITY MALLARDS--Announced that LW Vlad Serov has been promoted to Chicago of the IHL.
The original agreement with Bristol Soap Box also allowed for renewals of ''14 successive three-year periods without the necessity of giving notice.''
''Because the gallery has no budget to speak of, everything we do in the future will have to depend, like always, on our great body of dedicated workers.
Houston said no matter how banged up they are, the Knicks would not feel sorry for themselves or expect less production on the floor.
The ninth-century scholar Tabari, a giant among premodern Muslim scholars, cites with approval the interpretation ascribed to the Prophet himself, who understood the verse to mean that one should never fight women, children, the elderly or the one who offers peace and restrains his hand.
Today at 4:30 p.m. Tickets: $10.
It is cooked at the table until it reaches a rolling boil, then spooned into bowls.
A widower and his son's second-grade teacher discover that they are linked by a shocking secret.
''I think that we will begin to see a trend away from these big, obvious high-alcohol wines back to wines with elegance and restraint,'' he said.
''It was just a handful of fans instigated by a radio station.
I thought, 'What am I doing?
One day at the cleaners I watched a patron storm out, outraged at how long she would have to wait to get her garments back.
If one thinks that one would be offended by attending ''Klinghoffer,'' the option is simply to not attend the symphony that night.
Other courts have people from all over -- upstate, Long Island and New Jersey.
The designer finally bypassed accounting and called the museum president.
As I whispered the magical word denoting the lucrative field into every available ear in Davos, one listener nodded and whispered back, ''optical semiconductor!''
''Sometimes it takes a single project for all the stars to line up properly,'' she said, ''and I think this was that project for Jim Polshek.''
In this world, the intern-politician relationship can take on a charge straight out of a Philip Roth novel.
He has never run for public office.
record for consecutive victories to start a season is 15, by the 1993 Houston Rockets and the 1948 Washington Capitols.
In 1992, Mr. Wald helped found a specialty investment bank, which later closed.
''Some of these claims are as much as nine years old, and we viewed the claims as being stale,'' said Mr. Alexander's lawyer, Matthew Boxer of Lowenstein Sandler in Roseland, N.J. ''But it was apparent to us that it would be more expensive to litigate this case than to settle it.''
''You call him a liar, you call me a liar because I told him what he said.
and moved to the East Village this summer.
It always looks conservative when you don't score a lot of touchdowns.
The members of the company were without a salary for two weeks.
''Introducing Wine'' can be ordered at all Barnes & Noble bookstores; at the Second Story Bookshop, 75 North Greeley Avenue in Chappaqua; and at Rainbow Books & Blooms, 2016 Crompond Road, Yorktown Heights.
''Undoubtedly his blood pressure will be going down.''
For a moment, as we stand there listening to the invasion that was feared to occur ''today, tomorrow, surely by the end of the week,'' we understand how bad it was.
The latest immigrants were ''less educated relative to natives than previous immigrants,'' he said, so they competed for the lowest-paying jobs.
''There's always going to be teeny-tiny cheating.
In my life I have learned, you do the good work, you be as excellent as possible, because excellence is the best deterrent to racism, to sexism.
''The tenor of the discussion is: Do charter schools help poor kids?
While it is a standard dish at Japanese and Korean restaurants, few people make it at home.
Like that sento bath and steaming furo tub.
In the United States, and other countries, the victory over the Iraqis 10 years ago is remembered, mainly, as a moment of decency restored, and six months of brutality and pillage by Iraqi troops ended.
Paired for one of the rare times this year, Webb and Sorenstam got the Tyco/ADT Championship off to an intriguing start, renewing a professional rivalry that began five years ago.
BUT in Germany, the fever spread to millions in all walks of life.
For three years, performers have scurried into the garden next door without being seen by the audience.
Jermaine Dye drove in four runs and pinch-hitter Jeremy Giambi had a go-ahead homer yesterday as the Oakland Athletics completed a three-game sweep by beating the host Chicago White Sox, 8-7.
''It's an open playing field, and it's going to shake out in very interesting ways,'' Jennifer S. Beck, an analyst with Gartner Dataquest, said.
Facing a penalty shot is probably not the ideal way to test your knees.
More than a quarter said a lack of parental involvement - either with the school or in their children's lives - was the biggest cause of violence in schools, second only to bullying of students by others.
The Europeans took credit in Marrakesh for leading on the issue.
Investigators in France said that steganography was used by terrorists who were recently apprehended and planning an attack on the United States Embassy in Paris.
He was shot 19 times as he tried to get a group of children away from a gunfight, Ms. Morales said.
The 700,000 bottles subject to the recall represent about 7 percent of total daily sales of all Coca-Cola products in Belgium, Mr. Leroy said, adding that the company has yet to calculate the cost of the recall.
Wilkens said of Oakley and Childs: ''They're both tough-minded players.
Outlook 2001 will be released this summer; pricing hasn't been set.
Cauliflower soaks up flavors much in the way eggplant does.
He ends up walking back to his hotel, ''41 gorgeous blocks.''
Will the Bush administration attack worker abuses and environmental degradation abroad?
''In complex structures, sound is absorbed and energy is lost.
Mr. Snowden died asserting his innocence.
''It was a pure loss,'' he says today, looking back not just on that battle, but on Japan's entire war.
Elegies remember the dead, but Sir Elton makes sure they comfort the survivors above all.
''But it really would have been fine.''
The senator who drafted the passenger bill of rights, Ron Wyden of Oregon, said on Friday that the mood had changed for the worse since he withdrew the bill last year to give voluntary standards a chance.
There have been many ideas about how to use the ubiquity of the Web to provide information, entertainment and smart little conveniences.
In noncapital homicide cases, city officials have no mechanism for determining whether an appointed lawyer is providing adequate representation.
It is very difficult to shut this down,'' said Mr. Rashid, the author of ''Taliban.''
But in restaurants, in California, they have made their marks.
''They have been nothing but completely loyal to Don DiFrancesco for 10 years, they made him the longest serving Senate president in history, and now when they are running and he's not, they have problems getting a bill that might appropriate $50,000 onto a board list.
Against the grain of a national culture that is overwhelmingly tolerant and inclusive, they have proliferated -- noisily and sometimes violently -- since the former dictator Suharto was forced from power in May 1998.
To the Editor: Re ''Death Sentence Overturned in 1981 Killing of Officer'' (news article, Dec. 19): I hope that one result of the overturning of the death penalty against Mumia Abu-Jamal will be a refined media and political focus on the inequality of death penalty sentencing around the country.
We can't tell you how to teach your children, but we can tell you that several thousand American children are without a parent today because they were hit by radical Islamists educated in your schools, who justified their mass murder in the name of Islam.
At the time, the task force had 36 members, so 19 members should have been present for the vote.
But it is also a sign that some residential developers are beginning to look into parts of Yonkers that are removed from the city's downtown waterfront.
Listed in order of preference.
''My 7-year-old daughter Emma is a fashion plate in training, and whenever I come downstairs wearing anything she doesn't approve of, I get, 'Daaaadd, you're not wearing that, are you?'
Even on defense, Joseph scored the winning goals in four of the last six games.
Like many objects found here, the painting was swept up by the United States Army as it moved through Germany and shipped to the United States.
Fall, concurred with Judge Collester.
The two-page spread is scheduled to begin in July issues of magazines like Cosmopolitan, Elle, In Style, Harper's Bazaar, Vogue and W. Billings have not been determined.
Hummers and the rest, each a study in gaudy Bush-era brawn with 40-gallon gas tanks and enough cupholders to serve a dinner party for 12.
Mayor Gary Paparozzi of Lodi and a councilman, Joseph C. Piparo, said they were upset that the Bergen County prosecutor, William H. Schmidt, never answered a year of written appeals asking for a crackdown.
Under Snyder, Kansas State has two victories in 21 attempts against top-10 teams.
The question of what American art is -- or if it even exists -- was implicit throughout these early years, with Europe dutifully looked to as an exemplar of refinement.
Also survived by nine grandchildren.
Classical music fans know the Opera Orchestra of New York as an organization that provides the kind of opera they want but have a hard time finding elsewhere.
Peek, 54, will replace Phillip M. Colebatch, a 17-year employee of the firm, early next year.
The WNEW decision was mutual and amicable, said Mr. Scelsa and a station spokesman, who both added that avenues had been explored to keep the show going.
7 Times) appeared to be in trouble early in the second quarter when quarterback Randy Fasani, who had matched Harrington pass for pass, sprained his right knee and left the game, a heavy brace on his leg.
We attain it by climbing stairs.
The cause of the fire was unknown and the shelter's owners were arrested as the police pursue an investigation.
''She was treated as any other Schedule C employee was,'' he said.
Kevin McDonald, the chairman of the Citizens Advisory Group and the vice president of the Group for the South Fork, a private land-planning and environmental group based in Bridgehampton, said that without further steps detailed in the plan, the estuary faced decline.
''Living at RiverVue is the best of both worlds,'' said Ms. Sherman, 36, an inventory planner for Fuji Films in Elmsford.
How did you develop your trademark glass-beaded shirts?
Furukawa is planning to establish a joint venture with CommScope Inc., the nation's largest coaxial cable manufacturer, which will inject as much as $700 million into the business, the executives said.
He seems to seize freely whatever interests him.
''We were hoping to get 200 names, and in two months before you knew it we had 2,000,'' she said.
If I could say so, it was an extremely convincing denial that nothing had been done wrong.''
Fond uncle of Allison and Alexandra Russo, and Kevin and Brian Shalley.
And with their view -- rambunctious and pitiless -- of the family as a haven for pimps and prostitutes, the plays do mirror each other.
For her, it's the inevitable losses between mothers and children that constitute the heart of a story.
It turns out that the cells recruited by VEGF come from the bone marrow.
(Without a doubt, this is the off-to-college computer I'd buy for my daughter.
Robert Cargie of the Chicago Police Department.
I do think I am very positively inclined to what conventional medicine has achieved.
Joan Kreiger, an office manager for the Philadelphia company, said that ''for a few thousand dollars, you'll have something that'll back cars up on the road in front of your market.''
Campaigns to Watch and Not Watch It is again time to ask 20 questions about advertising, marketing and the media.
Sean McDowell, a designer at Nike, came up with a solution inspired by Picabo Street's spider-web-covered ski suit at the Olympics, and last year he introduced Nike's Air Kukini, named for a Hawaiian messenger whose early biathlon of canoeing and running, McDowell says, ended with his death at the feet of the king.
The entire episode lasted about 90 seconds, Chief Davis said.
Some $5 million has been raised to purchase the property, and up to $25 million more will be needed to transform the new terrain.
Late last month Tagliabue quietly ruled on Lewis's appeal, writing to the Pro Bowl linebacker on June 26 that the ''fine was appropriate.''
It was a lesson that Secretary Powell learned from the elders of the people swirling around the streets on mopeds, cycles and beaten-up vans below his hotel room tonight that ensured that the United States committed plenty of troops in the Persian Gulf war and that Washington refrained from military action in Bosnia during his watch as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
You look across the desk, and see the E.R.
Sheikh Nasr Farid Wassel said programs like ''Who Will Win the Million?''
on ''Bloody Sunday'' in 1972, when 14 Roman Catholic civil rights demonstrators were killed by British Army soldiers.
This will force a real choice on the Bush administration.
This is one of the reasons we like Duke Energy.
Rabbi Joshua Hammerman officiated at the Yale Club of New York.
Mr. Walaker, who will say only that he is over 50, has averaged about five hours of sleep lately.
Mr. Khalilzad received his Ph.D. in 1979, taught political science at Columbia University, joined the State Department in 1984 on a one-year fellowship, and ended up working there for Mr. Wolfowitz, then the director of policy planning, until the end of the Reagan administration in 1989.
Indeed, some political analysts said they expected that for now Mr. Koizumi, who rode to power on stirring but vague promises of change, would probably stick to symbolic matters like breaking the stranglehold of factions, rather than try to tackle structural economic problems.
''I can't remember it precisely,'' Mr. Machule said.
They said the latest offer did not give them a viable retirement package and that it contained work rules that required them to spend hours on call without pay.
A tennis authority, he covered tennis and other news, and wrote ''Court on Court'' with Margaret Smith Court and ''Court Hustler'' with Bobby Riggs.
Ms. Dillard doesn't deny that e-mail makes it easy for people to communicate by writing things down, but added: ''There's no virtue in writing per se.
''O.K., I take that back,'' Jay says.
Six and a half ounces of asparagus -- one of the richer sources of folic acid -- provides 256 micrograms.
Because of last year's acquisitions, CanWest's debt was $3.02 billion on Aug. 31, compared with $367 million in August 1999.
Williams thinks of this and feels as if he is honoring his father by playing hard every day.
The case was of cutaneous anthrax, the less virulent form, in Columbia County, upstate.
In David McCullough's popular new biography of John Adams, the author describes ''Richmond Hill,'' Adams's New York home, as standing a mile north of the city, on a high promontory above the Hudson, with sweeping views and a constant breeze.
Mr. Pruss says he no longer frequents the online newsgroups, having been burned so badly before.
Every time they kill us, we will kill them, so the balance of terror can be achieved.''
''She goes around with a dust mop.''
But the group will change the name of the show from ''Broadway Bound and Gagged.''
'' Henin did that against Capriati.
Genmar is based in Minneapolis.
's were given tickets for the musical's first matinee performance.
Feminist scholars have long denounced Western culture's punitive prurience regarding female genitals, and Mr. Friedman's book shows that the same is true for men's bodies.
If he were mayor, Peter F. Vallone would scrap the insurance premiums that hundreds of thousands of low-income parents pay for government-subsidized health insurance for their children, his aides said yesterday.
He paused before a gallery of family portraits mounted along one wall.
The painting came up at auction during the height of the market, in May 1989, at Christie's in New York, where Mr. Seeger paid $3.5 million for it.
''Do you not know giants are clumsy, guileless creatures?
What should we fight against: Taliban propaganda or Rumsfeld propaganda?''
While older forms of the sport, like town ball, were played before the mid-19th century, the modern game (different from these earlier varieties) verifiably begins in 1845, the year that Alexander Cartwright wrote out the new rules.
Frannie Martorana, a 40-year-old strawberry blonde from Rockland County, arrived wearing jeans.
The large amounts of spent nuclear fuel stored at the site would remain there even if it was closed because there is still no federally approved repository for nuclear waste, N.R.C.
We will miss her dearly every day of our lives.
SOCCER Major League Soccer COLUMBUS CREW--Traded MF Miles Joseph to Dallas for a conditional fourth-round draft pick in the 2002 super draft.
Devoted husband of Deborah Fisch Port.
The Faculty and Staff of the Divison of Social Work and Behavorial Science Department of Community and Preventive Medicine of the Mt.
I think that's what he said.
That fundamental policy of security through treaties is anathema to President Bush's secretary of defense, Donald Rumsfeld.
As Mr. Hess wrote: ''Nearly all subjects were only too willing to burnish their images for posterity; the disappointment was that they said nothing they would not have said for the next morning's paper.
The show revealed that he, like his older brother Victor, a well-known painter of the Romanian avant-garde, was a Surrealist.
He began his association with the dancer Paul Draper before World War II, appearing with him at Carnegie Hall and at City Center in New York, and on a tour of United States Army camps during World War II.
October 16, 1908-March 19, 2001.
''If you've never seen something like this, you should absolutely go, because it will change the way you feel about things forever.
has reviewed prospects for the economy in light of the information that has become available since its March meeting.
Even if representations of the Holocaust are not perfect, they bring the event to the attention of American audiences, and sometimes that can be very forceful.''
For Luis Gonzalez, 40, and Maria Howard, 45, laundry night is a romantic night out.
Austria, where Maier is far and away the most famous athlete, would have accepted no less.
The Landing at Dobbs Ferry: A $55 million, 104-unit town house project, currently under construction along the Hudson River.
But should Mr. Cheney not be on the ticket in 2004, Mr. Bush's advisers say the president is grooming an alternative, Tom Ridge.
Graveside service is being held in Sarasota, FL on August 31.
I will miss you dearly and think of you always.
He offered the team versatility and was insurance against injury.
''I can't talk to you and that's my boss coming down the hall,'' a young black man who works for the Legislature said when asked for his personal views of the hearings.
''I know they can do anything they want to you.''
BRIDE OF THE WIND -- Sarah Wynter (''The Sixth Day'') as Alma Mahler, an ahead-of-her-time composer in turn-of-the-century Vienna with a taste for powerful men.
They realized there was a problem when they didn't see any lights turned on.''
(Neither of the Brills nor Mr. Jones will disclose the cost of the project.)
Houston has been the Knicks' best player against Philadelphia, averaging 25 points on 48 percent shooting in the three games.
''Industries heavily dependent on air travel will benefit from the recovery of airlines, and from macroeconomic measures that spur overall economic growth.
In his lawsuit, Mr. Roski said he still wanted the hotel, but at a reduced price to compensate for its ''diminished value.''
It would increase the cumulative total for individuals to $30,000 a year from $25,000.
''You know he's going to throw you a fastball,'' Seattle outfielder Stan Javier said, ''and you still can't hit it.
Westminster Arts Center, Bloomfield College, Franklin and Fremont Streets, Bloomfield.
'' With 1:10 remaining in overtime, Martin dunked and was fouled for a 110-110 tie and set up a possible 3-point play.
Kathy Lawler, who was raising a family in the neighborhood of her own childhood.
How should I know when we're supposed to leave?''
Was Mr. Omar a solitary, heavy-drinking, woman-stalking psychotic, as the prosecution charged?
That stability should help our bullpen.''
He cited the case of Manchester, England, where the police in 1996 seized 12 child pornographic images, all photographs or videos.
Although Professor Siegel said that he had no firm position on term limits, he said that opponents had a legitimate gripe in arguing that the broad sweep of this year's term limits creates too much upheaval in the City Council.
Veterinary School, runs the Bogalusa Animal Clinic and tolerates her husband's obsession.
''In America you can get all your presidents as dolls,'' she says, her voice full of awe.
By his own admission, the younger Mr. Clinton is a teary type.
They read aloud haltingly, stumbling over words like ''Vietnamese,'' ''fatalities'' and ''authorities.''
He is deeply mourned by his wife, Rose Zimbardo, his children, Cindy, Marc and David, his stepson Adam, and all his former colleagues and students who loved him.
Keith Dowling, a runner from Washington, D.C., finished sixth among the American entrants, missing out on prize money.
We have heard so many times lately how much sports helps us forget.
''I've been looking forward to this day for a long, long time.''
Mr. Rather said he learned of the crash in New York from an inside source -- the pilot of his plane, who sent him a note before making an announcement on the public address system.
I don't think that will happen any more.''
The Uruguayan coach, Victor Pua, was optimistic.
Quaglia alla griglia was in a class by itself.
''I had discovered a place I didn't know existed,'' he recalled, ''a totally living part of Tibet where the people still practiced traditional Tibetan Buddhist culture.
I am proud of the many American Federation of Musicians members who have performed for memorial services and donated their talent in benefit concerts as well as radio and television broadcasts.
Jones soon was on a train again, this time to Minneapolis for the United States Open at Interlachen.
Statewide, the number of students reading at or above grade level increased by 1.3 percentage points, to 60 percent.
Tyco said it would issue about $6.7 billion of new shares to complete the deal.
Detroit's Ben Wallace left the game in the first half with a sprained ankle.
THE crowd erupts when one of the Camden Riversharks hits a home run, the ball sailing over the green wall, heading for the Benjamin Franklin Bridge looming majestically beyond the outfield.
''The school bus stops at the community center.
Mr. Dennery thought he had avoided using Domino Sugar, which he said is processed by under-age, underpaid workers.
She cautioned, however, that the investigation was new.
Officer Callaghan emptied a can of pepper spray in an effort to disable Ms. Pasterisa but, Officer Nunziato said, it had no effect.
The larger philosophical constructs at work are exciting and radical enough to rivet attention in their own right, regardless of some of the finer nuances.
Last year, more than 1.7 million tourists visited the island, compared with 340,000 in 1990.
If they were, given the fact he reports that they are almost never obeyed, the result should be carnage on the roads!
And they turned his spoiled younger brother (''Kenny, though unemployable, was an expert by inclination'') into her pliant stooge.
Millennium, an Amherst-based partnership between the Swiss bank UBS A.G.'s UBS Capital Americas unit and Mercury Capital Partners, jointly announced its formation and the acquisition of three stations in March.
Transfer pan to oven; cook 15 to 20 minutes longer, or until all pieces are cooked through.
At the time, West 52nd Street was known as the Swingman's Rialto, a strip of jazz clubs like the Famous Door and ''21.''
His ''Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus,'' written in the trenches during the First World War, inspired awe with its lapidary, numbered propositions on logic, language, solipsism and the unsayable.
If you went to bed at night thinking it all depended on you, you'd panic a bit.
We made some poor decisions with the puck and we didn't create traffic in front of Dafoe.''
De Haan, an Orthodox Jew, was fired by Gauguin's venturesome spirit.
The typical buyer of the old Camry was a 53-year-old woman with a median household income of $58,781.
In lieu of flowers, donations to Mercy Hospice, 1220 Front St., Uniondale, NY 11553-9936 appreciated.
Fifty to 75 percent of incarcerated youths have a diagnosable mental health disorder.
Whether by accident or design, each bow seems in sync with the particular brand.
1 job in St. Louis, Baltimore and now Dallas.
Brian Jordan is hitting .200.
''The best win I've ever been associated with because I don't think anyone gave us a shot.''
Donna J. Schoebel, co-director of the University of Cincinnati's legal nurse consulting program, which is in its third year, said, ''It's been just within the last couple of years that practically every Tom, Dick and Harry has started a legal nurse consulting program.''
Even many Labor supporters say they find the prime minister annoyingly elusive.
They created a reality-television episode, with classmates playing game contestants challenged to live in old houses as their actual inhabitants had, with no electricity or hot showers.
''I think people want moral leadership even if they don't agree with their leaders all the time,'' he said.
''Familiarity and training with the 9-millimeter is not a skill set in abundance with Guard members,'' said Scott Sandman, spokesman for the state's Division of Military and Naval Affairs, which oversees the National Guard.
Nancy H. Fleeter, the company's finance director, said she expected the cash reserves to rise with $400,000 in pledges that are to be received and revenues from its Met season.
In 1973, as a way of promoting the hotel abroad, Mrs. Wirth started bringing Hassler chefs to Japan and the United States.
An Internet search on phrases on the pages quickly led to Defense Department and other sites with relatively detailed information on anthrax and biological weaponry.
You've got to go to the doctor and get it.
''I had to take money out of a retirement fund to pay debts.
As a small boy, Jimmy writes, ''I learned which men went to the whorehouses in Albany, whether they favored black or white prostitutes, and how much these adventures cost.''
In the last presidential election, Mr. Khatami received 70 percent of the vote.
The fans continued to boo him heavily during the game, and in the middle innings, coins and bottles intermittently flew past Knoblauch, nearly hitting him.
Senator Bill Frist, a Tennessee Republican close to Mr. Bush, called Mr. Daschle's comments ''clearly political, not patriotic.''
Connecticut, of course, is on the list.
The ninth volume of the ''Left Behind'' series, in which the forces of good battle the forces of evil after the rapture of the saved.
How much of an effect can we expect schools and parents to have on reducing hostile behavior at school?
There was a sense in the hall that we were party to the introduction of a major work.
Since two-thirds of our economy is powered by consumer spending, it is that segment that will increase the buying.
Smith aims to dazzle -- and succeeds -- with a tale spanning generations and continents, enlivened by a narrative voice of commanding confidence.
He was extrication training instructor and team captain for the state, and instrumental in bringing the first ''jaws of life'' rescue tool into service in Monmouth County.
2 2 2 VIOLETS ARE BLUE, by James Patterson.
''The Butterfly Conservatory: Tropical Butterflies Alive in Winter,'' through May 27.
The report, exposing the chemical industry's long silence on the dangers of toxic chemicals, is signature Moyers.
Over the second half of last year, there was a 2.7 percent decline in the Philanthropic Giving Index, a kind of consumer-confidence index compiled by Indiana University's Center on Philanthropy, based on surveys of executives of nonprofit organizations.
His players made it clear they wanted him to stay, and several coaches -- including Krzyzewski -- expressed their support.
But consumer groups and some big industrial power users worry that the generators are placing too many eggs in a volatile basket.
The movie jumps from detail to detail and is so determined to make Sara feel the funk she has never known that it refuses to dramatize some elements that seem incredibly promising.
Duke Frederick Cape Coral, Fla.
''She liked Murphy very much,'' the man on the tape said, ''and she said he's very tall and very handsome and had blue eyes.
Since the violence intensified last September, the conciliatory -- and sadly marginal -- voices within Palestinian Islam have been intimidated into silence.
On Monday, in a 3-to-3 vote, the court deadlocked on Mr. Beazley's request for a stay of execution, which meant the execution would go forward.
He retired Martinez on a fly out to left to end the eighth, as the Yankees stranded runners at first and third.
The discovery means that a person's own fat might one day be used to provide the tissue needed to treat disease or repair injured or worn-out parts.
Philadelphia acquired midfielder MARGARET OLAFSDOTTIR, who has played 44 games for the national team of Iceland.
When the voltage tries to pull the plate down, the plate tilts and the bottom of the L inches forward.
Mr. Altman asserts, ''He never told us how to vote.''
She is perhaps the highest-profile candidate of the three.
Keith Foulke pitched a perfect ninth for his eighth save in nine chances.
The lawyer who had been working on the case -- though he had not been formally retained -- withdrew on Wednesday because the couple could not afford to pay the $50,000 he requested for an investigation.
The work needs to get done, we had to make our best judgment about what is possible.''
Traffic on the state's two most famous bridges -- the Golden Gate and the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge -- fell by about 3 percent during some rush-hour periods last week.
Mr. Jakoby took a swing at a comic version of the script, but Mr. Reitman wanted even more laughs and brought in another team of writers, David Diamond and David Weissman, who shifted the heroes from Ivy League titans to community college burnouts.
''It wasn't a slow decline.
Expect lines out the door.
Of Queens Village, N.Y. on February 26, 2001 in his 82nd year.
She is preparing to install a public art project that will place 36 manhole covers around Lower Manhattan, each one evoking a notable New York structure lost to history.
Unlike Corning's cladding, which looks like a complex honeycomb of air and silica, OmniGuide is banking on concentric circles of cladding materials that, in theory, could be easier to manufacture and do a much better job of containing light.
The Beck's Futures award also gives the winner almost $30,000.
For months campaign workers sought a solution to ''Hillary's woman problem.''
B3 THE REFUGEE FLOW: Up to 2,000 Afghans are thought to be crossing into Pakistan each day, traveling on smuggler routes and hiding out in homes of earlier arrivals.
So this year, Mr. Tow bought cards -- actual paper ones -- and sent them the old-fashioned way, through the mail.
You learn not to let people bother you, not to be so sensitive.''
''Our wounds are too fresh and painful for us to erase them from our memory,'' he brays.
He graduated from Williams College and the Fordham University School of Law.
He raises raccoons, and seeing deer peering in his windows makes him happy he left Brooklyn years ago.
Mariano Rivera allowed the game-winning two-run single to Jerry Hairston with one out, leaving the Yankees' number for clinching the American League East at five.
Downstairs at the hotel is the newest RANDE GERBER nightspot, the Underbar.
''The East and West Coasts tend to be much more 24-hour based than the heartland,'' Ms.
''At the local level, we just can't do it, and it's impacting our ability to delivery the same level of service for other noncrime-related things.''
David S. Ciancimino, Xavier's headmaster, and Lorraine Longing, the head of the guidance department, arranged to have the students brought downstairs either to be dismissed or for a much-needed hug.
With a porous defense, California could have been a temporary antidote for what was ailing Rutgers, but instead the Golden Bears added to the Scarlet Knights' miserable season.
Paumanok Vineyards, in Aquebogue on the North Fork of Long Island, ''owns'' the region's chenin blanc franchise.
Fashion's Future THURSDAY -- A black-tie dinner and dance at the New York Hilton will raise money for scholarships and educational development at the Fashion Institute of Technology.
Joseph P. Berardino, chief executive of Arthur Andersen, Enron's longtime auditor, provided a House panel with the first direct testimony that the company, now bankrupt, might have violated securities laws.
The result, which met Wall Street's expectations, compared with a loss of $21.9 million in the period last year.
Einstein and Freud were among the holders of 21,000 dormant Swiss bank accounts posted on the Internet today in an effort to identify accounts that belonged to Holocaust victims.
The paintings are from the Frick and five other collections.
His salesmanship, he knew, would be tested like never before.
That was the year that ''Boys Don't Cry'' hit theaters, with its highly mediagenic image of Ms. Swank as Brandon Teena, the young woman who made such a convincing, if ill-fated, man.
All was right with their world.
More mystifying than the Taliban's visa process is their legal system.
On the strength of what has been translated from Arabic in recent decades, it would seem that the purely humorous novel hardly exists in the Arab world and neither does the novel of adventure, fantasy or mystery.
Coincidentally, at the same time that Mr. Sharon got his unexpected chance for a retirement-age comeback, Mr. Peres also enjoyed a revival as some unsuccessfully pushed for him to replace Mr. Barak as the Labor Party candidate.
You never saw that before.''
Shares of Schwab, the leading discount and online brokerage firm, fell $1.32, to $16.03.
Anywhere from 500,000 to one million barrels of that total made its way to the United States on a given day, or 5 percent to 11 percent of this country's daily imports.
''Crime Story'' may have celebrated recklessness, but Mr. Mann's ambitions for the series were quite calculated.
Features a walk across the Manhattan Bridge from Brooklyn to Manhattan tomorrow at 8 a.m., meeting in Brooklyn at the York Street station of the F train.
Ad sales dropped for the fifth straight month in May, causing the company to lower its outlook for second-quarter earnings per share to about 35 cents.
SORENSTAM AND BAENA TIED: Sweden's Annika Sorenstam fired a six-under-par 66 yesterday to grab a share of the lead at the $1.08 million Mizuno Classic in Hanno, Japan.
The mistreatment adds up as Mr. Eads tries to find help for his condition.
I even dated a dentist they'd proposed.
It's difficult to walk off the court and see the trophy go to the other team.
Word of a confession has stunned and puzzled Mr. Johnson's college friends and acquaintances, who described him as a somewhat reclusive student from Hamden, Conn., who was intelligent and studious.
(A standard winter day falls in the 8,000 range.)
B6 INSURANCE INDUSTRY -- Despite estimated losses of $50 billion from the terror attacks, commercial insurers say they can pay the claims stemming from Sept. 11, and most even expect earnings to rise sharply.
On Wednesday, they essentially said they don't know what their earnings are going to be next year.
''I hope Piazza starts the game at catcher, and they let C. J. play three or four innings,'' Marlins Manager Tony Perez said.
But some old, established businesses remain, among them Williams hardware and Mart's sporting goods.
Today 25 copies are known to exist, 24 of them in institutions.
In the past year, both companies have bolstered their already large lobbying stables with big names.
Civil rights advocates said they were alarmed by the administration's demand that Congress move so quickly to approve measures that, they warned, could severely curtail the right to privacy.
The light focused on her tragedy by Aeneas and a rival, Iarbus, gives a hint of the Marlowe who emerged in the later plays.
The United States has an important stake in the issue as well.
''It is not the first time the Palestinians have claimed we killed a squad,'' she said.
Not an unreasonable amount of luggage for a week or more away, but absolute torture to navigate through trains and airline terminals.
The three active wells pump a total of 1,500 barrels per day, said Dean Broussard, EnerVest's production manager.
The negative impact on sales now is really likely to be more psychological than anything else, because the rich are still rich.
The recommendations of the task force will be nonbinding, but both sides hope it will produce a solution.
AIDS was elevated to an issue of national security, and government leaders could no longer ignore the importance of the disease.
Mr. Bush's position is still based on a simple proposition: What is good for drillers and developers is good for the country.
Stops at a kosher winery, a pickle emporium, Yiddish newspaper row and a synagogue.
He will make salaries of $7.15 million this year and $7.45 million next year, with signing bonuses of $2 million a season, for a two-year total of $18.6 million, with a full no-trade clause for the first two years.
will hold 16.7 percent; and the public will hold 73.4 percent, according to the company.
They always have each other, of course, and there is usually another family member around as well.
The classic French sweet-and-sour caramel sauce known as a gastrique is a potent accompaniment to seafood, fish or poultry.
A paper dress with pictures of relatives printed on it is all that Colleen Coleman needs to invoke the sense of ''When I Was Twelve.''
''Poor minorities live in cities but poor whites are as likely to live outside the city as inside the city.''
Ms. Roberts, who takes no chances when it comes to across-the-board age-group appeal, makes Sophia one tough cookie and places her in what readers confined to the real world are meant to find deeply enviable circumstances.
Peterson started in place of Sehorn, who was resting a sore right knee, and he had trouble keeping up with the Broncos' wide receiver Rod Smith.
Mr. Cartisano could not be reached for comment.
He and his wife Lee, and her parents Diane and Harold Sherman, have been devoted supporters of the Pride for many years and now of JBFCS as a whole.
Among the appetizers, the chile relleno en nogada is wonderful.
In the same way, ''Everybody Loves Raymond'' may be the quintessential late-boomer comedy -- the one that captures all the niggling little anxieties and absurdities of middle-aged life in the 21st century and transforms them into purgative comedy.
Before last week's event in Stanford, Calif., where Seles lost in the semifinals to Davenport, she had been away from competitive tennis for two months.
So given that, this would be the worst time to go back into an antidevelopment, high-tax philosophy.
Three lectures on design will be offered, starting on Jan. 7 with a talk by Michael Van Valkenburgh, a landscape architect who has designed parks for Battery Park City in New York and Wellesley College in Wellesley, Mass.
(Mr. White is also fluent in French, Spanish, German and Italian.)
It will be an anachronism -- like when printing came, it became an anachronism to write on parchment.''
To the Editor: ''A Vision of Unity'' (editorial, Jan. 21) was most hopeful, and you gave a fair assessment of President George W. Bush's inaugural speech.
In this respect, Ms. Butler remembers being at a science fiction convention a few years ago where two Hollywood producers were promoting their latest project.
LESTER G. FREUNDLICH Stamford, Conn., Dec. 4, 2001
For some people, that might be a dead-end job.
When the judge asked if she understood the charges against her, she replied, ''Pretty much.''
''We need to figure out a way to get electoral reform without jeopardizing what protections we already have,'' he said.
His father is the provost of the Newark campus of Rutgers and dean of the Graduate School-Newark.
The Chinese government said both confessed to spying for Taiwan, though Mr. Li was not indicted until June 18, and Ms. Gao's lawyers were not informed of her indictment until today.
Little League players also have to meet residency rules that require a parent or legal guardian to live within the district zone of each league, and the Rolando Paulino team provided original documents certifying all its players' residences, Van Auken said.
He compared himself to the great leaders who had come before.
I don't have a crystal ball.''
Among the museum's upgrades are a new Family Art Center, with hands-on activities for children; larger public spaces; computer kiosks that are guides to the collection; and a 300-stop audio tour.
Art Wall Jr., who won the Masters tournament in 1959 and made more than 40 holes in one during his golf career, died today, the PGA Tour said.
''We lose this game today, we're done,'' Lo Duca said.
Jean S. Harris -- the slayer of Dr. Herman Tarnower, author of ''The Scarsdale Diet'' -- also once lived in the northern Westchester community of horse farms and expansive country estates, albeit she resided at the Bedford Hills Correctional Facility, along with other well-publicized female criminals like Amy Fisher, who shot Mary Jo Buttafuoco on Long Island, and Carolyn Warmus, a schoolteacher in Edgemont who shot and killed her lover's wife.
Season with salt and pepper.
But he also stumbled badly by nominating for state treasurer someone who had been fired from a bank a few years ago after being accused of abusing her expense account to pay for personal travel.
Stunned patrons froze as the gunman took $50 from one man seated near the door.
''I wish we had stood up Monday morning and said, definitively, the position of the Gore campaign is we would support the inclusion of any ballot with a postmark or a date,'' Mr. Klain said.
''I get tired of people saying, 'Let's make our statement on the floor and take our case to the voters in the next election,' '' said Senator Olympia J. Snowe, Republican of Maine.
John Passion'' anti-Semitic because it depicts the Jews as the murderers of Jesus.
Byrd, 26, caught 22 passes for 241 yards and 2 touchdowns with Carolina.
Suzuki is now batting .352 in his first month in the North American version of the major leagues.
At McCann, Mr. Cella supervised the national broadcast assignment for the Coca-Cola account.
Not all of them, McLaughlin said, straining to be diplomatic, ''possess strong governmental or financial or programmatic experience on top of their incredible loyalty to the Red Cross.''
And if there is a line that separates the United States from Chile, the restrictions proposed by the federal government in the wake of Sept. 11 haven't crossed it yet.
''He had a part in some serious work here,'' Dr. Somberg said.
Financed by large landowners and through ''taxes'' imposed on the coca trade, Mr. Castaño's group has been responsible for most of the massacres in Colombia.
You just have trouble placing them from where.''
The ''Bush budget, Bush tax cut, Bush economy'' refrain will go hand-in-hand with a concerted Democratic campaign this fall to force Mr. Bush to submit a new budget -- one that reflects the new economic projections and details the politically painful choices he may have to make in response to them.
But he was a drug addict the whole time, he said.
In the 1997 trial of James Ida, a high-ranking member of the Genovese crime family, a federal judge found ''substantial indications'' that Mr. Hickey had helped Mr. Ida launder money, though he was not indicted in that case.
Most often the attention comes from Robert Hawkins (Kelsey Grammer) and his schlock tabloid show, ''Top Story.''
It is not the first time that Mr. Wiseman has used a supporting, and often sinister, role to starry effect.
The masters of technique often see tinkering with the basic components of jazz history as aesthetically suspect, while the daring conceptualists see the pursuit of traditional form and technique as soulless.
It's clear that summer stock, the way it used to be, is a thing of the past.
His decision to switch back was sealed when he struggled in a batting-practice session with Rick Waits, the Norfolk pitching coach, after Thursday's game.
The Full Schedule ''The Full Monty'' is at the Eugene O'Neill Theater, 230 West 49th Street, Manhattan, (212) 239-6200.
With the data Soundscan provided, record companies were able to figure out exactly what kind of music people were buying -- and it turned out that the big sales weren't just in the pop music produced by major labels and pushed by mainstream radio stations.
The Dolphins have a philosophy similar to the Jets': run first, limit mistakes and let the defense win the game.
I told people that the faint scribbles belonged to famous Dodgers from one of the most celebrated teams in baseball history.
Bill Flanagan, the United States attorney, said the note, in garbled language, disagreed with an announcement made by the pilot that the plane would take a different flight path because of bad weather.
A summer series of performances on Saturdays, featuring blues, jazz, rock, swing and country music.
Almost everything here was meant to have some contact with the human body: to be worn, carried, caressed.
Acevedo often spars in the gym where he once trained fighters.
''There were memorials all over the country for the dead.''
Put another way, he insisted on kicking up a fuss.
Balthazar seems unconcerned about people making the connection.
Last month, however, there were only 20 contracts signed, compared with 25 in the previous February.
Philip Karasyk, Lieutenant Augello's lawyer at his questioning, said his client had been involved in no wrongdoing.
The United States markets and most of those overseas will be closed tomorrow in observance of Christmas.
He was miserly about parceling out his talent.
The recruiting season begins in the fall, when Ph.D. students who are nearing the end of their dissertation send out recommendations and transcripts to potential employers.
What we are doing is moving from a period of manic innovation into a period of consolidation and standardization.
Some investors and brokers around the country said they feared what would happen when trading resumed.
Moreover, said Joe Hovorka, an analyst with the brokerage firm Raymond James, commercial and naval ship technology can differ greatly.
And he's at peace with that.
After disclosing that a donated painting had been stolen by the Nazis, the Vizcaya Museum in Miami will post Internet images of other works from a collection the county received in 1980, to find out if there are more plundered works.
While the booths are attractive, the seats are unusually low relative to the tables.
Still, on screen, Kurtz was too far gone to be compelling or coherent.
in the middle of a funk workout.
For those without even a corner to devote to business, there is a lap desk.
Yet the sound speaks of extraordinary unanimity in its strength and its constantly changing subtleties of volume, tone, balance and sway.
About 1:30 a.m., Ms. Vigoda and Mr. Milburn returned to a wooded neighborhood of Mount Vernon and the beige motor home they have lived in since they gave up their Archer Avenue apartment in July.
''He wanted very badly to learn things and know things.''
These photos were taken at a gathering in honor of a young couple who were to be married.
Senator Raymond A. Meier, Republican of Oneida County, who sponsored the work-study legislation with Assemblyman Roberto Ramirez, Democrat of the Bronx, said he had heard stories similar to Ms Lyles's in meetings with welfare recipients around the city.
That as opposed to rushing his fate, that the attorney general, with my strong support, said we'd better make sure that all guarantees are fulfilled.
In time, there wasn't room for all who wanted to come.
At San Francisco International Airport, passengers can still buy a golf club at the shop in the terminal, but a putter is now a potential weapon, according to the Federal Aviation Administration, so it must be sent as checked baggage.
Pakistan has also condemned the attack, but has not agreed to meet India's demand.
Ministers, politicians, diamond traders -- it was a Who's Who of India.''
''Yes, I am told I have a beautiful smile,'' she said as her husband of 26 years, Robert Smithdas, walked to a place behind her chair and placed his hands on his wife's shoulders.
Friends would come to join in the celebration, so many friends: from high school on Long Island, from college in Florida, from Cantor Fitzgerald, where he worked as a bond broker -- all mingling together at the home dubbed ''Club Lunder.''
There is no way to know how they work, really, until millions of users start playing with them.
''They don't look like much, but they get the job done,'' cornerback Robert Tate said.
People were just so happy to see each other alive.
''He gave up a safe seat in Congress,'' said Berkeley Swezey, the club president.
Then one of the robot's legs fell off, perhaps illustrating its lack of Darwinian fitness.
State Highway 36 East, just before Sandy Hook and Gateway National Park.
For the wordless, formless, expectant citizens of tomorrow, here are some postcards of all that matters today: *Minutes after terrorists slam jet planes into the towers of the World Trade Center, streams of harrowed humanity crowd the emergency stairwells, heading in two directions.
''No one,'' he added, ''thought AIDS would last this long.''
You will also encounter jellyfish, dolphins, boaters and other surfers, who will be very angry if you collide with them.
Thorn said last night that he would never tell a player he was untouchable.
Less than three hours later, he had snared his fourth decision without a loss.
But after the vote, Bidwell, perhaps while biting his tongue, said the new alignment was a great compromise.
Ms. Baez, who worked for 12 years as an aide to José Rivera when Mr. Rivera was on the Council and the Assembly, has made the issue of school construction a particular hallmark of her campaign.
Peloquin and I drove south past Detroit to a company called A.S.C., a contractor that was converting the roadster design into a working model.
Though still working on the details, the authority will urge a radical rethinking of user fees.
Mrs. Toth will still buy an ornament on occasion for their 10-foot Christmas tree, but she now buys most of those types of collectible items as gifts for others.
He joined the company in 1985, built its international business, and had risen to president by 1994, when General Motors lured him away.
Meets on Sunday at 9:30 a.m. at the Barnes and Noble store at the corner of Lexington Avenue and 86th Street.
The former police chief, David Niebur, and his former deputy, Philip Bue, had sued Cicero as well as the town president, Betty Loren-Maltese, and onetime town attorney, Merrick Rayle.
Mourning, Grant and Anthony Mason were stifled by Elden Campbell and P. J.
Remove to a plate, and put in oven.
Long thought to be lost, the only known copy of the map was rediscovered in the castle in 1901.
The usual festive trimmings, showing off the company's classical style, were on display in a swiftly paced medley of excerpts from the troupe's Tchaikovsky ballets.
''Even my teacher has said this class is the hardest, for him and for us, it being so early and everyone being so tired.''
For any other investor to operate a second team in the New York area -- the only likely site for the Cosmos -- it would have to buy that right from Metromedia.
CHIP SHOTS PAUL AZINGER, winner of the 1993 P.G.A.
''We had a 22-7 game in Colorado the other night,'' he said.
''We have the weapons but, obviously, we don't have the targets we had in Desert Storm,'' Mr. Lanza said.
Gary M. Pfeiffer, DuPont's chief financial officer, said that the cuts would have been made even if the economy had continued to boom.
She was born in New York and began her professional acting career at age 4.
In an attempt to jolt the Yankees out of a malaise in which they have lost four of five games, Torre canceled Thursday's batting practice and set the players' reporting time at 6 p.m. That is 65 minutes before the game, but Torre wants the Yankees to ''show up here, put on a uniform and go out and beat somebody.''
When he and Joann were looking for a house with a backyard, close to the city, the presence of Holland and Dolan in Glen Rock, N.J., helped seal their choice.
After visiting the chapel, whose hanging lanterns did little to illuminate the icons, I headed back to my car.
But when asked later to describe the most memorable meal of his life, he sketched the people (the de Menil family of Houston) and the place (outside Paris) but could not recall a single morsel of food they shared.
What is the federal government doing about the homeless in our country?
officials said they had fully shared what they knew about the deadly anthrax.
They note that Mr. Thoman, whose conflicts with the chief financial officer, Barry Romeril, have been widely chronicled, was never allowed to bring in his own management team.
Mr. Zimmerman trimmed his staff and used his own resources to help Professional survive, but problems persisted.
The two boys involved in the attack were arrested and charged with sexual abuse.
But he said AOL had livened up the channel in other ways.
The response from federal officials was that preventing future terrorist acts was a priority, and they spoke of seeking yet more changes, like expanding their wiretap powers and their ability to hold terror suspects without bail.
Ferruccio Busoni's ambitious, jumbled and fascinating opera ''Doktor Faust'' is an internalized drama, and the long-awaited new Metropolitan Opera production treats it that way.
This 15-foot tree, hardy to minus 20 degrees, bears fragrant white flowers that turn warm, humid summer evenings into luxurious experiences.
For example, today the cable networks showed briefings held by the State Department, the White House press secretary, Mr. Fleischer, and the Pentagon.
She had never imagined such hearing.''
After World War II broke out in Europe, Hitler's plan to exterminate the Jews became a ''mission the company pursued with chilling success.''
The smoothing of economic and political ties with the West is a prime goal of the leaders here, who see domestic development and stability as their overriding challenge and who are already bracing for new pressures as the country enters the World Trade Organization.
What puzzles me is how these football players will allow themselves to become violent again as they execute their craft.
In becoming the Irish starter last season, LoVecchio replaced Arnaz Battle, who was injured, and Gary Godsey, who was moved back to tight end.
''We're going to require hundreds of millions in investments,'' he said, ''before we become profitable.''
This is not a diatribe against auto racing.
Meanwhile, Tulsa looked forward to being host to its first major championship since 1994, when Nick Price won the P.G.A.
In the end, this was modified, so that the event was staged outside the school's gates.
The town of New Milford is considering appealing a federal judge's ruling that struck down its rule limiting the attendance of non-family members to 24 at Sunday prayer meetings at private homes.
''We don't play for score,'' he answered diplomatically.
Mr. Williams had the audience roaring with laughter over his devilishly funny yet affectionate sendup of a rock 'n' roll stud.
The other topics will be Chinese gardens on April 17 and Japanese gardens on April 24.
So they left the family home in Woodhaven, Queens, together as they always did, caught the A train and arrived by 7 a.m.
Greater freedom of speech and political openness are central goals of Mr. Khatami's drive for an Islamic democracy.
At the time, he had been kicking for about two weeks after almost nine months of inaction.
But the growth of firms employing over 50 lawyers exploded after the early 1960's, and computers gave managing partners a way to measure the productivity of young associates whom they could scarcely know personally.
Mr. Calabrese added that while officials were open to an alternative proposal, that seemed unlikely.
THE passengers were a garrulous, superannuated lot -- about half of them American, with many Europeans and even a game 92-year-old lady from Sri Lanka.
Inspiring interest seems the bottom line of an exhibition's success.
''But this would be a welcome turnaround.''
Frank Siracusa, director of the state's emergency management office, said that a letter that the Microsoft Licensing office sent to a Malaysian company had been returned to the office.
Like many Swiss cities, it has kept only a few traces of its past.
And Gloria realizes she's not going to have the Götterdämerung death she's been imagining.''
Carol, Jeff, Samantha and Justin
''However, the current operating environment dictates that we reduce our flying schedule significantly.''
''Budgets were done like this in New York State for years and years and years,'' Mr. Bruno said.
Ninety minutes after we had entered, we returned to the world of color and light.
''This is about you and the education of your children,'' the letter read in part.
Computerized mixing boards can already do more than the giant, complicated boards still found in most recording studios.
Indeed, in response to hundreds of brutal lynchings, T.R.
When Tom Stoppard goes to hell, you can bet it won't be fire and brimstone waiting below.
On the one hand, it seemed entirely logical that our city, the planet's most visible symbol of Western might, abundance and, some would even argue, arrogance, might seem the ideal terrorist target.
Back to the lot and to get out of it, there's another card-and-gate setup: button, dial tone, yell.
For large employers, costs rose 12.1 percent, to $5,162 for each employee.
''It bodes well for advertising,'' he added, ''and our industry.''
But the festival isn't just about spending.
Ms. Peyton continues to make lovely, jewel-like portraits of pretty, wan young men, but the paintings are looking formulaic.
Shortly afterward, it laid off almost half its 170 employees and announced that it would shift its focus from developing new projects to achieving profitability and improving customer service.
Your overall case, summarized by that painfully subjective headline, was one that glorified a software genre that is almost antithetical to the Web itself.
An Opportunity Not Lost It begins with the goody bags.
In something of a surprise, Ms. Franklin, a top aide to two former mayors, won a hair's-width majority in a multicandidate race and avoided the runoff that many here had predicted.
When 1993 rolled around, he left air travel behind -- and couldn't have been happier.
Judy Martz is scaling back security measures taken at the state Capitol in Helena after the Sept. 11 attacks.
Beauty, Fashion and Home Sewing Editor of Good Housekeeping, United Kingdom.
A1 No Deal on World Trade Center The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey failed to reach terms on a $3.25 billion deal that would have given Vornado Realty Trust control of the World Trade Center.
Sicking and Dr. James H. Raddin of Biodynamic Research in San Antonio ran through details of the chain of events during a nationally televised two-hour news conference today in a ballroom at the Hyatt Regency hotel here.
Jessica, who as a swimmer holds a national handicapped record in the 100-yard backstroke, now concentrates on track.
In December 1985, Arab terrorists attacked waiting passengers in airports in Rome and Vienna, killing 18.
China, the documentary says as it explains the country's rule of Tibet and the significance of the boy's education, now denied to him, apparently has him and his family under house arrest and permits no representatives of other governments to see him.
The two sides in the case had been in negotiations for nearly 18 months, she said.
The chief executive of the wireless business, Peter Erskine, called the new name ''modern and universal.''
''The electricity costs more to run all my machinery, to run all my compressors,'' Mr.
Unlike the war in the north, which the Northern Alliance was already leading against the Taliban before the start of United States involvement on Oct. 7, the anti-Taliban movement in the south led by Mr. Karzai and other Pashtun leaders would never have succeeded -- or even come together -- without the United States.
''This is the most open society in the Arab world, with the least regulation on trading and financing,'' a political analyst, Abdulkhaleq Abdulla, said, ''and it has had a longtime connection with Pakistan.''
PIRATES 3, ASTROS 0: Aramis Ramirez hit a tie-breaking two-run single in the sixth inning following an intentional walk, and Pittsburgh beat Houston.
Sponsored by Big Onion Walking Tour.
STOCK'S 52-WEEK HIGH: $244.50 FRIDAY'S CLOSE: $54.88 MARKET VALUE: $17.14 billion Michael C. Ruettgers Chairman EMC I think it's a real mixed economy because, if you look, we had auto sales up, and in January you have construction seeming to go ahead pretty strongly.
Howells said he would not push Twain, explaining that ''a friend of his youth ought not to afflict his age.''
Mr. Fortunato seems to go a little crazy with one appetizer, seared scallops with merguez polenta.
The Rise of bin Laden Mr. bin Laden soon allied himself with Abdullah Azzam, a charismatic Palestinian who gained prominence among the foreign Muslims who came to join the Afghan resistance.
The firing of three coaches in the summer of 1999.
Rod Brind'Amour had two assists for the Hurricanes.
Israeli anguish and rage at the course that the conference in South Africa has taken was reflected in an article on Monday in the mass circulation newspaper Yediot Ahronot.
Instead, Bob has a sexy ex-wife who returns to him but is now celibate.
In particular, when I try to cut and paste in WordPerfect, it cuts just fine, but then refuses to paste, and the cut text vanishes into cyberspace.
A Coney Island Hospital spokeswoman said the 36-year-old victim was treated for multiple fractures and transferred to Lutheran Medical Center.
''My daughter has always been fascinated by animals and it was exciting enough to find out the school had a flock of real, live farm animals.
As Raphael's managing director and winemaker, Mr. Olsen-Harbich, of Mattituck, works with the vineyard manager, Benjamin C. Sisson of Southold.
Four contained no Valeriana officinalis, the herbal source of valerian, and four had only about half the amount they were supposed to have.
Not much seems to bother Preecha Tiewtranon.
Many readers were overwhelmed by the image on our cover, ''Phantom Towers.''
As word of Mr. Bush's directive swept the Capitol, members of both parties dismissed it as overly broad and unworkable, even as they, too, condemned any unauthorized disclosure of sensitive information that could jeopardize military or covert operations.
If a guy catches a ball on me, I slam him to the ground hard and I tell him before we get up: 'Hey, enjoy that one, because that might be the last one you catch all day.'
SENATORS 6, STARS 3: Martin Havlat had two second-period goals and an assist as Ottawa ended Dallas's four-game winning streak.
Then a parade of dishes would begin, like a purée of broccoli soup with tiny bay scallops or an ethereal mousseline of lobster with leeks, tender baby greens with wild mushrooms and slivers of rare pigeon breast.
Forced to lower its own prices, Calpine says operating income per megawatt hour has fallen 20 percent from levels during the spike in prices of 2000.
''Maybe even one night later than that.''
What they saw was the Jets race to an astonishing 14-0 lead while the Ravens' defense reeled, unable to make substitutions, because the Jets were in a no-huddle offense.
It's good to know you are here.
Admission: $4; $2, students and 65+ (Grace Glueck).
It also challenges Congress and the country to a long-overdue debate about nuclear power.
The Sony Watchman color television, with a two-and-a-half-inch screen, has a carrying strap that doubles as an antenna.
In a 6-to-3 decision dismissing a suit against a military police officer who dragged a demonstrator away from a speech by Vice President Al Gore, the justices expanded a doctrine known as qualified immunity.
''It is not an eclectic mix,'' he insisted, ''but a synthesis.''
Piazza said, ''That guy has a big foot.''
Over the years, I've gotten to know where he's coming from.
But with the team record the way it is, it's a hard one to swallow now that it's here.
He said one problem was that in a nation where the news media were until recently tightly controlled, Serbs did not know what was occurring in Kosovo, and that will come spilling out at the trial.
The association said imposing the requirement on mineral oil-based cosmetics, including baby oil, would be ''unreasonable, unfair and discriminatory.''
Mr. Mollica said that there were days when the museum had to turn away visitors because it would exceed its capacity of 195 people.
This year towns and villages had little or no coal for their boilers.
Love, Howard, Sandy and Steve
He visits the gym regularly and takes his kids to the local Dunkin' Donuts on Saturday mornings.
And then you talked about the dancing.
That was my first experience with channeling.
A few minutes later, still exercising at the gym, on Lafayette Street near Astor Place, she started clapping.
Mr. Depp carries the picture, but it's a light and flimsy contraption masquerading as a pop epic (A. O. Scott).
POLITICIANS in Washington can't say enough good things about our Fire and Police Departments' ability to deal with a catastrophe, but even our own senators don't trust local officials to handle routine security at airports.
Where are you investing in Eastern Europe?
He bought a soft-brim, floppy hat and scissors from Rite Aid, hiding both in his bedroom.
They would let all Indian communities make local laws and elect local officials through village meetings, give them ''equitable access to the distribution of national wealth'' and grant them land rights they have lost.
Whenever Mr. Pavarotti was onstage, all the singers -- indeed, every player in Sonja Frisell's 1988 production -- seemed joined in an effort to prop him up.
''Things are happening so quickly in the military campaign that we still don't have a clear answer of Al Qaeda's condition,'' that official said.
Mr. Feld gives Patricia Tuthill two expected taut-bodied, undulating solos.
Smaller firms are still struggling.
A few minutes later, when I ask how she knows that her children enjoy breast-feeding, Smythe laughs.
''You may still see brown paper wrapping, but it's going to be refined brown paper, with beautiful fibers woven into it,'' Ms. Crane said.
''Spring is all pink and blue,'' Mr. Stufano, 63, said dismissively.
The idea was to show that he was sorry for pushing her under a bed to keep her from getting hurt in a rough-and-tumble scene.
''But how can he possibly argue that we should open up areas that are closed, like the Arctic refuge, if he won't drill areas that are open,'' like the eastern gulf.
''It's something that happened,'' she said.
Let's get the tax relief done and do it quickly.
Think Apu in ''The Simpsons.''
An accident with no injuries receives one point, an accident with injuries two points and an accident with fatalities three points.
He described the time a half-century ago when he, as an African-American boy, had stopped day after day to stare at the most beautiful book cover he had ever seen, locked in a glass bookcase until a white librarian came over unbidden and handed him the rare and expensive treasure.
At the same time, however, administration officials express concerns that a Russia-Iran arms relationship could compromise American technological secrets shared with Russia, in addition to destabilizing the region.
That boy was Andris Istvan Grof, who, upon immigrating to the United States in 1956, named himself Andrew Stephen Grove.
Even more important, however, is the question of how, and to what extent, the ABM treaty is amended.
It sold divisions, cut costs and trimmed its biotechnology ambitions.
Miss DiMaio was formerly a senior designer at Kohn Pedersen Fox.
Guilty of slick sentimentality in some of his films, Mr. Levinson shows that ''he hasn't entirely lost the scrappy wit and and the wry sense of human oddness that distinguish work like 'Tin Men' '' (Scott).
In a letter responding to the accounting office, he cited many improvements, including better telephone technology and help for Spanish-speaking callers.
But it ended yesterday on a different note, a profound sense of despondency.
She graduated from the University of Vermont.
His central character is Max Bialystock.
As you might expect, her prose is smart and opinionated.
''And there is no such thing as a prisoner who volunteers.''
Beloved wife of the late Norman, loving mother of Tammy and Jerry Weintraub, Louis B. and Mari Livingston, and Toni Bayer.
Its Chelsea restaurant serves international cuisine with Mediterranean and Asian influences -- a rarity in Budapest.
The last big wave of interactive television experiments came in the early 1990's and included a much publicized failure in Orlando by Time Warner Cable, a unit of AOL Time Warner.
It is also installing digital printing capability at many of the self-service printmaking kiosks it has at retail outlets and is testing digital-only kiosks at camera stores.
[World Business, Section W.] Obstacles Loom to Microsoft Deal Negotiations are under way to settle the Microsoft antitrust case, but the obstacles to a settlement loom large, and both sides have reasons to resist.
In his research note, Stephen J. Girsky, the auto analyst at Morgan Stanley, called the move positive.
However the war on terrorism goes, the civil liberties questions that it has spawned are not about to go away.
Ulanov, in his rush to rejoin the play, overskated the puck, and collided with Richter.
''JOURNEY WITH THE SUN: PAUL WINTER'S EIGHTH SUMMER SOLSTICE CELEBRATION,'' Cathedral of St. John the Divine, 1047 Amsterdam Avenue, at 112th Street, Morningside Heights.
Developers of image processing gear, surveillance equipment and data analysis software say that the most sophisticated technology is more widely used in the private sector or at agencies like the Drug Enforcement Administration or the United States Border Patrol.
B1 Skakel Ordered to Trial A Connecticut judge ruled that there was sufficient reason to believe that Michael C. Skakel beat Martha Moxley to death in 1975, clearing the way for Mr. Skakel, 40, to be tried on a murder charge before a jury.
That foreign talent, however, should not undermine the Western, Christian identity of Germany.
For example, he said, the test must measure levels of bacteria, iron, nitrates, manganese and a number of volatile organic compounds -- including solvents, degreasers and cleaning agents -- as well as the pH, or acidity, level of the water.
''Whose public space is it, anyway?''
''I have a pretty good batting average at picking young architects when they were just at the start of their career.''
Those metals can often bring $600 to more than $1,000 a ton, Mr. Heenan said.
Among the photos of East Hampton's large homes, town fathers and early institutions is a century-old picture of Charles W. Stewart, manager of the Maidstone Club, posing on the Village Green, a gentlemanly cane in his hand and a natty bowler on his head.
The tiny minority that had taken to the streets in opposition is now marginalized.
Almost one in four Irish adults bought shares in the company, and the stock peaked at 5 euros shortly thereafter before drifting back down to around 2.50 euros.
Even if poor countries prevail and cross-border trade in copycat generic drugs is allowed, though, the market for many such medicines, especially the antiviral ''cocktails'' for AIDS patients, is likely to be restricted by an obstacle that may be just as daunting as patent-related import restrictions.
It may not have been fully staged when it was first presented at the court of the Earl of Carnarvon in 1718.
As the calendar pages blow toward V-Day, designers are yet again trying to think outside the lingerie box.
Every employee in his production company, including his father and himself, had the title of vice president.
Dr. Steger is survived by his parents Nancy and John Steger of Scarsdale, his sister Katherine of Montreal and by his grandmothers Mrs. Wilma Steger of the Bronx, NY and Mrs. J.D.
''I give no comments nor explanations.
That was good news for actors, stagehands and other off-stage staff.
The West spent almost a third of that century simply recognizing and admitting the danger, and this shortsightedness resulted in enormous loss of human life.
Cody throws a tantrum if he feels his father is not showing him enough attention, said two officials from the Brooklyn Bureau of Community Service who know Cody, Marcia Brooks, the bureau's casework coordinator, and Jennie Clinkscales, a homemaker who worked with the family last year.
Mr. Day recalled the founding of KQED in a critical history of public television in the United States, ''The Vanishing Vision'' (University of California, 1995).
A basketball scholarship took him to college.
Mr. Seinfeld made some jokes about Afghanistan's Taliban regime.
Although you were very ill, you promised me you would come to my graduation at Tufts University.
But there are parallels that are revealing not only of those two men, but of what it takes to run their impossible city.
They would take in Strawberry Fields in Central Park, take a bus tour of Harlem, go as far south as Chinatown if they could, for a meal.
''For me, cooking is a way of understanding the social history of a time, of a place, of a particular group,'' Ms. Ross said, ticking off the relish ingredients: sweet red pepper, tomatoes, onion and celery cooked two to three hours with vinegar, sugar, cloves, allspice and ginger.
Therein lies a really major opportunity for a Republican administration.
Mr. Greenfield has been an anxious host.
If residents agree in a public vote on March 20, Dobbs Ferry will offer pensions to members of its volunteer ambulance corps.
Todd Miner, a meteorologist at Pennsylvania State University, said adding five to nine degrees to the actual temperature gave a rough idea what it felt like outside.
Florida scored the next 8 points to tie the score, capped by Bonner's leaning 2-foot jumper.
After a 1939 merger that created the Methodist Church, the Book Concern moved to Nashville, where it still operates as the United Methodist Publishing House.
He was not so kind to this milestone.
B5 Portraits of Grief B9
Or the one who was sometimes seen wearing white Nikes and a baseball cap and nothing else.
The failing of this program, like many training events, is that tools are useless if you are not shown how to use them.
Artifacts from the life of the baseball player and exhibits on the history of the Yankees, baseball in New Jersey, Negro Leagues, evolution of equipment, and baseball during World War II.
BAR codes are found on just about every item sold for the home, from food to kitchen cleansers to cosmetics, allowing the checkout register to identify an item and its price.
waited until Nelson Mandela had been released from prison and apartheid had been stricken from the country's constitution.
''I have done nothing wrong, I have not taken one dime as part of any conspiracy,'' Mr. Ganim said, glaring into a sea of reporters, cameras and, behind them, 100 or so city workers who repeatedly cheered him like a winning candidate.
Ms. Jaffe's very young Siegfried, Carlos Molina, looked at first like a pup sent in to do a man's job.
Similar stampedes have changed laws and practices in Europe and Latin America.
The advertisements, with the actor Steve Martin providing voice-overs, are aimed at the wealthiest households in America, those with $1 million or more to invest.
Doug Jones, the United States attorney here, said he planned to ask for another psychiatric evaluation.
Whatever elite status bonuses an airline offered before Sept. 11 are still in effect and can be combined with new deals.
The Federal Aviation Administration and the airlines barely had time to rush out gleeful news releases when this wondrous blip disappeared from the radar screens faster than a B-movie flying saucer.
The National Guard, about three dozen workers from several other state agencies, countless volunteers and state prisoners have continued to buttress shores with sandbags.
''And it seems if she could only understand every little detail she would get the answer.''
Chambers said calmly, ''Do I look devastated?''
Commercial Mortgage, the General Motors subsidiary that lent him $564 million.
Yet the narrator notices that the inhabitants of the great house take a deep interest in Dora's fate, particularly its misshapen young master, whose own ''bone house'' seems to lodge within its very form the sins of his autocratic father.
But I know I'm still just scratching the surface.
Buildings needn't dissemble or merely distract.
Mostly, they held melodramatic poses -- hands clasped in front of them, or raised strangely.
9) is like a hinge between two eras.
Leiter might have been a little tired, but he was very unlucky.
The project will cost $1.7 million and will be paid for with state and local grants and loans.
This is an expensive bit of backpacking equipment that may seem like a gimmick when you look at it in a camping store but is worth every penny.
But as she watched the news at home in this southern French town, she saw things she could hardly believe.
''Every day I lay down in the bed and I pray and I ask God what is this?''
Quebec is providing space in the lower town, more than a mile from the meeting site, for protesters to hold an alternative people's summit meeting.
Much of the generator sales growth a few years ago came from Year 2000 computer concerns.
The aide, John Picciano, did not take a memo or start to make a windy excuse.
The Southern Baptist Convention's North American Mission Board said that while ''optimistic,'' it had urged its ministries to ''proceed with caution,'' explaining, ''There can be a tendency over time for the government to attempt to control that which it subsidizes.''
In late March, his wife, Karen, prepared a spaghetti dinner at their Bel-Air home for her husband, their children and the guests of honor: Bryant and his agent, Arn Tellem, a good friend of West's.
That spurred a run on banks, bringing the entire financial system and the government to the point of collapse.
The Bronx team opened the scoring in the first inning when Torres scored on a wild pitch by Stuart Tapley, who had 12 strikeouts and was the winning pitcher.
Although she was many years his senior, love blossomed, and in 1928, when he was 35 and she was 70, they married.
And that's hard work, that's reaching out, that's hiring the best people from their communities into government so the government looks like the city.
Local officials said that it caused panic but that they had not had reports of casualties or damage.
They should be sautéed just long enough to make them tender and sweet.
The included headset and built-in speakerphone aren't just for hands-free driving safety.
Web sites and e-mail lists monitor Mr. Sklyarov's situation.
The staff has two tables in the back pushed together for their usual 8 a.m. weekday breakfast.
Röpke wrote before the 1946 Employment Act, which directed the United States government to cut recessions short -- using tax breaks, for example, or cuts in interest rates -- even if these actions stymie a salutary process of economic adjustment.
PAGE B1 New Navy Rules for Visitors The Navy has tightened its rules on allowing civilians to take part in submarine training exercises while it investigates the sinking of a Japanese fishing boat.
Ramirez appeared late on the swing but he has the quick hands and power to muscle almost any pitch over the wall.
But after only a few days working as the only woman on an offshore platform, she left for a job onshore.
Surfside, the champion 3-year-old filly of 2000, is finished racing.
''The timing suggests that a part of the sell-off midday was margin calls, and a big part of the rebound was institutional buying,'' Mr. Cliggott said.
Investigators say there are many more predators than the police have nets to snare.
''I had carried this wonderful experience with 'Nutcracker' as a child, which solidified my desire to be a dancer,'' he said.
Eventually federal agents learned of Mr. Goggans's online snooping and obtained a warrant to search his computer.
Ms. Rowland got a final round of applause for expressing the hope that everyone in the room will witness ''a new day for Aurora, a second sunrise for this dear place.''
Mr. Chirchirillo, 47, a project manager with Marsh USA, had a knack for showing his affection in exuberant ways, his wife, Clara Chirchirillo, said.
In reading, only Delaware reduced that same gap.
15 13 2 WAR LETTERS, edited by Andrew Carroll.
The Devils had a wonderful opportunity to tie the game 3:50 into the third period, but Arnott's shot from the slot hit the left post and bounced away.
At least, for the fans at Shea, there was something else to watch and appreciate.
The recreational center, on Merrick Road, has an Olympic-sized outdoor pool with a capacity of 496, a kiddie pool holding 58 and a diving pool with a capacity of 75.
''It's like the city has reverted back to 1972.''
Devoted father of Leslie, Christopher, Anthony and Jonathan.
Publicly, officials express optimism, but finance ministry officials said they were holding meetings to decide which government programs -- from public housing and rural finance to education and disaster relief -- would be cut back to close a probable budget deficit of at least 30 trillion rupiah ($2.8 billion).
''Unlike them,'' he said, ''I can land a 747.''
In addition to Mr. Jean, Mr. Jagger called on Bono, who sings with him on ''Joy,'' and Pete Townshend, who plays guitar on two tracks.
Each morning, all over Bhuj, children line up at dusty corners for buses to the schools.
The Bills' initial plans are to keep Cowart on the active roster and evaluate his progress in the event he can return.
Three former judges, doing time at a federal prison in Florida, concoct a mail scam that goes awry.
The top federal regulator overseeing nuclear reactors sought today to dispel any doubts about Indian Point 2, and toured the plant with several officials who had once openly questioned its safety.
''Brotha,'' her current single, praises black men, whether they're working on Wall Street or doing jail time; she and her backup vocalists raised fists in the air as they sang.
But the state -- which cited no other school district this year -- insisted that its guidelines be met.
Although the consequences of the ruling cannot be predicted with precision, Congress may now wish to explore new ways of ensuring diversity and competition in an industry of fundamental importance to free expression.
The United States, he added, will never forget Sept. 11.
At least, Beijing could be forgiven for assuming that North Korea's missiles provide an excuse to use missile defense to disarm China -- and to protect Taiwan.
The cash benefit could be applied to the company's federal tax bill, or taken as a lump sum.
The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index advanced 16.98 points, or 1.4 percent, to 1,266.44.
The soft-spoken Ms. Sarney, who barely registered at all in polls just a few months ago, is now running a strong second, topping 20 percent in recent surveys.
''You see a guy that's out of hockey and comes back and dominates like that is something that is really, really special,'' Brodeur said.
The White House and Congress have been waiting for more data about the economy's course before moving ahead, but today's report on unemployment claims plus other new figures increased the likelihood that the country is near or in a recession.
Confronted with a request from some residents to place a Nativity scene at the train station to accompany a Hanukkah menorah and Christmas tree, Mayor Gregory S. McDermott threw up his hands and decided that all religious symbols should be banished from municipal property.
He declined to identify any candidates or to say whether other purchases were imminent.
But the armies of both nations need repair and help.
Of course, songs are streaming through her head.
While his boss spoke, Mr. Bridges shifted back and forth on his red bowling shoes with restless energy.
Mr. Cumming said he was also very interested in ''music of our time.''
The Army also made a point of featuring mixed-race soldiers in some of the advertisements.
She helped find housing for those displaced by the evacuation of apartment buildings in Battery Park City.
Dong Xiuzhi was a 22-year-old factory worker when she became one of the first leukemia patients to receive arsenic, in 1974.
Enron takes the other side of trades on its exchange.
He said that doomsayers wrote off London after the German blitz.
Westchester provides the Cuomos, who are moving here from McLean, Va. -- where they lived during Mr. Cuomo's tenure as housing secretary under President Clinton -- proximity to the county's growing numbers of swing voters and independents and, if he is elected governor, a relatively easy commute from Albany.
''He's had two years of preschool,'' the mother said.
Talk of deflowering ceremonies makes the geishas very nervous, and several former geishas said that mizuage is practiced now only on a limited basis.
CHRISTOPHER GALVIN -- Chairman and chief executive, Motorola.
When she died at 102 on March 8 in London, she may have lived too long.
Her father is the managing director of United States sales in Miami for Enaca International, a fish farming business in Ecuador.
He worked at Cantor Fitzgerald where he was a Senior Executive Managing Director and a Partner of the firm.
''This is not the end of the city,'' said Leonard Stern, chairman of Hartz Mountain Industries.
Mr. Stepanian was recently convicted of throwing a brick through the display windows of a fur store in Huntington.
But like a beckoning finger, a question mark can prove irresistible, and professional thinkers have long mulled over the definition of life.
''They discussed the best way to handle it and thought it would be tough to be in a courtroom all day and talking about it all night,'' he said.
But if you put sharp objects in the goody bags, don't hold me responsible.
By now, though, the question ''What is art?''
If recognized, the tribes would be given special rights that have significant consequences, like putting land into trust so it is exempt from taxes and local zoning control.
The Mexican consulate, which initially received 1,000 calls or e-mail messages reporting people who might have been missing, has since winnowed the list down to 17.
But because Sotheby's professed collusion happened under his leadership, and in order to settle potential claims against him, he agreed to pay $156 million of the company's $256 million obligation.
''It can take a while for the drug to kick in, if it works at all,'' the fellow cautioned, as we fed Jonah spoonfuls of drug-laced applesauce.
The war of words peaked in August, when the Bank of Japan ended the zero-interest policy it adopted at the height of the 1997-98 fiscal crisis and raised its benchmark short-term lending rate to 0.25 percent.
The Stone Pony's home, Asbury Park, which was a thriving resort town in the early- and mid-20th century, has been declining in fortune for 30 years.
''A lot of small-cap growth is salesmanship,'' he said, ''so they need to be able to clearly communicate their vision to get the stock price going.''
If you're in a place with few doctors and hospitals, and you need an injection, it's the only way to know your needle is clean.
When the artists do the talking, something fascinating happens.
She was a great and selfless woman who will always be in our thoughts and at our side.
Sales are now brisk, Ms. Wilkinson added, though she also gets more bad checks, mostly from guards.
Since then, the state has spent close to $3 billion to buy power from large energy producers on behalf of the beleaguered utility companies.
Alan Capper, the chairman of the board's public relations committee, said that the board was now ''working on specific goals, like getting a fund-raising package together and making an appeal to the state and to foundations and corporations in the immediate area.''
Talk Magazine found itself in a difficult spot last week when it came to light that an employee had made a donation from company funds to the gubernatorial campaign of Lt. Gov.
But because the kitchen and everyone else is doing triple somersaults to please you, it's never just three courses.
Surveying such tactics, Wehrmann observes, ''As bad as this is and as much as these guys curse and as much as these celebrities know that everybody sells, with very few exceptions almost all of them seem to still sign autographs.''
After 14 years, he knew how to do it well enough to train colleagues.
But because brain damage occurs in a rapid cascade of biochemical reactions that can kill or permanently disable delicate cells, doctors would have to initiate treatment at once, often without waiting for family members to consent to it.
And I called again, to tell you I was writing this open letter to you.
The couple gave up renting what she called ''slum apartments'' in East New York, Brooklyn, and bought a house in Canarsie, where there were better schools for their children: Charisma, 6; Jasmine, 11; Gary, 12; and Donovan, 14.
It's a habit that no one named Smith is likely to understand.
The trend is being fed by data from the 2000 census, showing sizable increases in minority populations, as well as by hopes that appealing to market niches or segments may be profitable in a weak economy.
But they did not rule out the possibility of a competing offer from another company.
And should the revamped Giants' offense succeed, then Payton will be faced with a different problem: what to do with his new offense when the old offense is ready to go again?
''All I wanted was a piece of luck in my life.''
Free with admission: $6; 62+ and students, $4; members and ages 5 and under, free.
Loretta Krupinski's work, whether it is small and decorative or colorfully moody, is successful as long as she does not let an overdose of the cutes, to which this publisher seems prone, gum up the delicate emotion of a piece.
Like other community centers aimed at certain groups of immigrants, it helps newcomers integrate and keeps younger generations connected with the old country.
''They are fed up with the bombing,'' he said of the city's residents.
Last month, Mr. Lee threw his support behind Chen Shui-bian, the pro-independence opposition leader who succeeded him.
The company boasts a blue-chip roster of scientific advisers including James Watson, a discoverer of the structure of DNA, and Ian Wilmut, who cloned Dolly.
From London and Frankfurt to Paris and Amsterdam, major stock indexes fell more than 4 percent by midday.
So how to plan for an excursion to Britain?
But even supporters of the measure acknowledged that it faced a high hurdle there, and the Senate's Republican leaders showed no signs of putting it on the agenda soon.
Ms. Fernandez came to New York from the Dominican Republic when she was 15 and was raised in foster care.
''Our kids have learned what it takes to grind out a tough win,'' said U.C.L.A.
TWELVE years ago, Felycia Martin's purse was stolen from the hospital while she was giving birth to her son.
A Rutgers University philosophy professor, Tim Mauldin, agrees: ''Let's stomp out this abuse!''
Georgia Tech, with a sound defense, faces a friendly schedule once it gets by Florida State and Clemson in September.
But surgery is a discipline of using manual means for diagnosis and treatment.
Many of the ideas came from the cadre of ''cool kids'' employed by Mr. Fiorucci out of Milan, said Joan Kaner, the fashion director of Neiman Marcus, who was the manager of the New York Fiorucci in 1976 and 1977.
I was working out, not overweight.
We never do receive a satisfactory answer, though the incongruity of being in ''paradise'' under such circumstances pervades McMurtry's book.
Dear brother of Freda Kreitzman, Roslyn Druck and Larry Schuster.
But was that so monstrous?
If nothing else, she thought, it could be a valuable geography lesson for the P.S.
Mr. Taylor chimed in, referring to tensions between the two Lakers basketball stars, Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryant, to say: ''That whole black-brown thing, that's hype.
The atmosphere was markedly changed from the bitterness and anger last summer when the United States abruptly pulled out of seven years of negotiations aimed at a mechanism to deter cheaters.
Stocks fell across all areas, with the technology sector giving up the slight gains made earlier when some investors were searching for bargains.
In his meetings with Mr. Museveni, General Powell also discussed the war in Congo, which involves the armies of five nations, including Uganda.
It was his eighth goal.
The first guy said, 'Yeah, Bubba Smith.'
Bonnie Bruckheimer, who is Ms. Midler's producing partner, said that she and the actress were ''extremely sad -- we're disappointed that we're not going forward.''
Sacramento wrested the home-court advantage back from the Suns yesterday with a 104-96 victory in Phoenix.
And there was a lot of trading going at one time.
A benefit to support neighborhood food distribution programs, the three-performance ''Food for Thought'' marathon will include dances by some 18 choreographers and companies, chosen by Heidi Latsky (tonight), Wendy Perron (tomorrow) and Susan Osberg (Sunday).
The experience helped move The Times toward more interpretive news writing.
Most of the presentations were polished, if not especially entertaining.
Proud great-grandmother of Jordyn, Michael, Daniel and Noah Hanover; Melissa, Caryn, Benjamin and Zachary Kaplan.
''She is not in it for the glamorous aspects of the job.
Barbara Crossette (NYT) SOUTH AFRICA: MBEKI AND MUGABE President Thabo Mbeki said he would soon meet with President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe to discuss, among other things, the political problems in that country.
To the Editor: Re ''Bioterror Role an Uneasy Fit for the C.D.C.''
Four Marlins relievers retired 13 straight batters before Payton singled with two out in the ninth inning.
Mr. Fineman was a graduate of Cornell University in Engineering Physics and was a Guggenheim Fellow in Aeronautical Engineering at Princeton University.
A1 Diplomat Seeks Political Shield Secretary of State Colin L. Powell is considering an experienced diplomat, Chester A. Crocker, as his special envoy to Sudan.
All four candidates received the full allotment of $75,000 in public matching funds except Mr. Reiss, who received $46,000.
She said an inspector who had rescued the dog adopted her in 1996, and that when he and his wife divorced, Cokey was kept by the woman.
Comedy Arts Festival in Aspen, Colo. Martin Short will be in a chat tomorrow at 7:30 p.m., and Janeane Garofalo on Saturday at 7:30 p.m. WEDNESDAY, 5 p.m. www.usnews.com For those who aren't stuck in traffic, a discussion on commuting nightmares.
P&O Princess, based in London, swiftly rejected Carnival's offer, but that is not stopping Carnival from taking its case directly to shareholders.
The United Nations' humanitarian force is alerted, and a global television network, which has been secretly monitoring the United Nations radio communications, dispatches a video crew with instructions to interview the two.
The discussion of the replacement tires took up a good portion of the hearing, which was striking for how many disputes were raised but not answered in the battle between Ford and Firestone.
This year, again, flowers would bloom in the desert.
The Columbus-based hamburger chain, which will release its quarterly earnings on Aug. 1, credited same-store sales at Wendy's and its Tim Hortons coffee-and-doughnut restaurants.
A month later, a fellow phoned Mr. Merrill at his office in Baltimore and described a baseball he'd recently acquired -- one signed by members of the Negro League.
A European diplomat in Myanmar who has not supported sanctions said he had come to believe that they were decisive.
Opens April 24 on Broadway at the Cort Theater.
LAST December, the New York State Division of Housing and Community Renewal adopted numerous amendments to the rules enforcing rent laws in New York City and the rest of the state, and some details in the changes it made are causing heated debate.
PLAYWRIGHTS THEATER OF NEW JERSEY ''Criminal Acts'' by Kim Merrill.
Other Task Panes show formatting controls or text styles in Word, slide miniatures in PowerPoint, or the 24 scraps you've most recently cut or copied from Office programs.
Stockbrokers across India went on strike for a day today to protest the market regulator's effort to force brokers to settle trades on the day they are made rather than waiting as long as two weeks.
Retreating further, the camera reveals this robbery (of $90 billion from a Los Angeles bank) to be in progress.
Credits reduce taxes dollar for dollar.
A person who's past all that understands.''
And what's a party in New York without a few film stars thrown in for decoration like show poodles?
Tonight, senators said the Hart building, where about 50 senators have their offices, might be sealed shut for the next several weeks so it could be decontaminated with chlorine dioxide, a powerful gas.
Above all else Michael must be remembered for his outstanding humanity as a decent man.
''The workers might have to work one year, or even two years, to repay their debts.''
Still unable to agree on future revenue projections, the leaders of the two houses and the governor decided on Monday to pass a one-month, $8 billion emergency spending bill to keep the government running.
Henry Miller, 124 West 43rd Street.
Sabena's future is in almost as much doubt; the airline has not made a profit in decades, and with Swissair on the ropes, it has only the Belgian government to turn to for financial aid.
Padraig Harrington of Ireland was three strokes behind at 199 after a 64.
Twenty-ounce box, $21 including shipping.
The selections can also be sent as a package to another user via e-mail.
Her heartbroken husband Ronald, her children Simon and Deanna and her sister Karen Bressler mourn her untimely passing after a long illness.
And just as important, the path is sturdy enough to handle foot traffic, now that the garden, preserved eight years ago as the Madoo Conservancy, is open to the public two days a week.
I risked carpal tunnel syndrome by continually sawing the 17-inch steering wheel from side to side.
She consulted doctors in Carthage, Joplin, Springfield and St. Louis, and soon was so weak and short of breath that her doctors advised her to quit working.
But it was more modest than the 3.5 percent rise for 2001, which was a nine-year high.
''Both series of actions are meant to disrupt Americans' way of life.
With Ms. Nelson, she suggested snipping off two inches and using a rinse to make the gray more even-toned and vibrant.
The protests have prompted Community Board 6, which historically supports social services, to reject the plan.
The Rockets were not scared off by Griffin's history of fights with teammates, stretching from his senior year at Roman Catholic High School in Philadelphia to Seton Hall in January, when Griffin was suspended for a game after punching Ty Shine.
First, there are Sophie (Ms. Bartlett) and Anna (Ms. Neuwirth), deliciously bickering married ladies who are the daughters of Eastern European immigrants.
But he looked out of sync, throwing an interception and losing a fumble.
That said, it's not a Luddite text.
Court Bars Race as Factor in School Entry'' (front page, March 28): Even with affirmative action in place, law school classes here at the University of Michigan are overwhelmingly dominated by white men.
Vishay, based in Malvern, Pa., proposed paying $168.7 million in cash for the remaining Siliconix stake in February.
The two men, Ayub Ali Khan, 51, and Mohammed Jaweed Azmath, 47, whom authorities said were carrying box cutters, hair dye, and a large amount of cash, apparently remain in custody.